Prologue

Present Day

Every curse word imaginable ran through my mind when I looked into her horror-stricken eyes. There was nothing on God's green earth that I could say to make it better - nothing. Believe me, I tried. I was the king of pick-up lines, the 007 of smoothing things over.

And for once in my life I had nothing. Absolutely nothing. I'd messed up, royally screwed over my entire life - my entire future - all because I couldn't say three little words.

Damn, One Direction. Screw them. It's harder than hell and the minute I was given the opportunity to say exactly how I felt - that the sun literally rose and set on her light brown eyes - she was walking away. Out of my life - forever.

Granted, her walking was more of a stomp, and she had just mortally wounded my phone by slamming it against the ground.

But it was my fault.

All of it was. Story of my life. Oh look, One Direction again. I should call them maybe have them do a soundtrack to my misery. We could call it, "Jack ass."

Her heels stomped against the hard floor and I watched her go. I looked down at my phone and froze. When Demetri Daniels, my half-brother, said I would fall, I had laughed in his face. I thought he'd been drinking again or at least smoking something. I'm one of those guys who knows himself. I can tell you exactly how many times I've ever been tempted to take it past a one-night stand or even just a quick hookup.

Once.

And I was staring at her pink cowboy boots as they walked in the opposite direction.

Every click of her heels was like a nail driving into my heart.

I opened my mouth to say something. I mean at this point even screaming her name would have been better than nothing!

But nothing was all I had.

Because in the end, when you screw up this bad. You know it's going to take a hell of a lot more than words and yelling to get the girl.

I was going to have to chase.

Bloody hell, I was going to have to pursue.

Chapter One

Jaymeson

Three weeks previous

"You're a man whore."

Not what I expected my manager and longtime friend to say to me after not only starring in three blockbuster hits last year, but successfully pulling off the longest summer of my life in Seaside, Oregon with boy band AD2.

I know what you're thinking, boy band AD2? OH. MY. GOSH. Seriously, shrieks aren't my thing, so if you're going to go all ape-shit on me, I'm out. Like, seriously out. To be fair, I'm incredibly done with both of them. I couldn't care less that Demetri Daniels - seriously, stop screaming - is my half brother or that they made my life a freaking hell of a mess this last summer.

I don't freaking care if the world is ending and the only place that's safe is Seaside, Oregon. I'm not going. No chance in hell.

Wait, back up. Did my manager just call me a man whore?

"Pardon?" I tossed my cell in my hand and laughed as another text alert went off. Seriously. The girls loved me. Really, it's not their fault I have an accent. Blame England.

WNNA MEET UP? CANDY

I hit ignore and stuffed the phone back into my pocket.

"As I was saying..." Peter cleared his throat. "You're turning into a-"

"-whore, got it." My phone went off again; I held up my hand. "Hold that thought, Peter." My phone blinked another message. Candy again? Nope, this was from Brit. Ah, Brit. A man could get lost in those giant-

"-Jaymeson!" Peter snatched the phone from my hand and slammed it against the mahogany desk. "People want to like you, they really do. It's just..."

My phone beeped underneath Peter's hand. With his face turning an interesting shade of purple, he picked up my phone and threw it into the rubbish bin. Seriously? That was my fifth iPhone in three weeks!

"What the hell!" I lunged for my phone, but he moved to stand in front of the bin and glared. Uh oh. His nostrils were flaring; that only happened when he was royally pissed. Last time they flared, I spent the better part of my day getting lectured on why it isn't socially acceptable to wear leather pants to a funeral. Shit, call it a culture barrier. I mean, the guy who died was a rocker; I thought I was being respectful. Then again, it was probably the Megadeath shirt I wore along with it that sealed the deal for me.

Maybe I should go back to England on an extended holiday. Anything to get rid of Peter.

So what? People thought I was a man whore. At least I wasn't some drug-addicted madman running up and down Sunset Boulevard with my trousers falling around my ankles. I mean, really, there were worse things in life.

"We done?" I asked coolly.

"Not by a long shot." Peter's nostrils flared again as he pointed his finger in my direction. "You've gotta get your shit together, Jaymeson. I'm not kidding this time."

"My shit is just fine. Thank you," I retorted with a mocking grin.

He cursed and ran his fingers through his hair.

I stood and stretched. "Look, I'm the least of your worries. You've got celebrities shooting up heroin and snorting cocaine and slapping tattoos on their asses that have misspelled words. Compare me to them and I'm..." I exhaled. "Mother Theresa?"

Wow, good one. I smirked.

"And now you're blasphemous," Peter muttered. "And if you think you're in the clear, then you've got another think coming. Look." He threw down a few of the tabloids. Pictures of me littered them, as they always did, but this time it hit me straight in the gut.

"What's that?"

Drugs. It looked like drugs. Holy hell.

"You tell me."

I was lying across a couch with three scantily-clad women. Each of them was taking pills.

It looked bad. As in bad enough to make my stomach clench and cause me to rethink the whole breakfast burrito with hot sauce idea after our meeting.

"I don't do that shit, believe me. I know what it does to a person." My step-mom being the prime example.

"I know that," Peter sighed. "And you know that. But the media? They've just labeled you America's newest English bad boy. They're calling you the new British Invasion. My phone's ringing off the hook with irate producers who are thinking very intently about not casting you, only because it appears that you're not serious about your work. Now. Sit."

Really, given no other choice, I sat this time and moaned into my hands. "What do I do?"

"Stop sleeping around."

"Be reasonable." I laughed. "What can I do that won't make me want to kill myself?"

Seriously, was the guy a monk? I had needs. And so did the girls. Was it my fault that I became available every time they needed a little... attention?

With an evil smile, Peter answered, "Well, I thought you'd never ask." He pressed a button on his phone. "Yeah, Patty, go ahead and book that trip to Portland for Jaymeson."

Patty, what kind of name is Patty wait, did he just say...

"Portland?" I repeated, staring in disbelief. "Oregon?"

As in the large city next to Hell, also known as Seaside?

Peter folded his arms across his chest. "Nope."

I wasn't sure I wanted to know where he was going with this.

"Seaside, Oregon. You're going back to Hell." At least he labeled it correctly. Was it selfish of me to wish for a plane to crash?

Okay, I could deal with this. I was just going to be honest. "No." I shook my head at least five times. "Hell, no."

Peter held up his hand and ignored me and my pleas.

"Right. Okay." The phone clicked. He lifted his head and grinned. "It's all settled. Pack your bags, Jaymeson."

"This is a joke right?" I stood and placed my hands on the desk. "You're trying to scare me?"

"Nope." Peter sighed heavily. In that moment it was as if I was able to see how stressed he was.

Was I driving him to that sort of behavior? You know the type where you feel like you have no other choice but to torture those you care about in order for them to get their shit together?

Was I now... that guy?

I backed up a step. Impossible.

Alec, lead singer of AD2, He was that guy. Demetri? He'd been hooked on drugs for years! I was the one who didn't cause drama. Where the hell was my lawyer?

"I don't have to do it," I said smugly. Wow, I may as well have stomped my foot and yelled 'you can't make me.'

"You don't. But Daniel Erikson says if you can't clean up your act, you're out."

Don't panic, don't show fear. "I'm not sure I understand? Why would he care about my personal life?"

Peter sighed. "Because the movie series is about young star-crossed lovers. It's about the innocence of a first kiss."

I grunted and rolled my eyes. Who the hell cared?

"My point exactly," Peter said.

"What?" I looked up at him.

"When's the last time you actually kissed a girl before going to the main course."

Visions of the latest in my long string of conquests came to mind. Legs for miles, dark and sultry with a willing and quite vigorous attitude, painted a smug grin to my lips "I kiss them plenty..."

"Jaymeson..."

Aw, shit, he was using "the voice." You know, the one parents magically know how to use when they're trying to make you feel guilty as hell.

"You want this movie series? The one they say's gonna be bigger than Twilight? You have to clean up the image. I'm not kidding and neither is Daniel. This is your one and only chance. I won't make you do anything. You're a twenty-two year old adult. You make the choice."

I hated it when they pulled the adult card. Freaking hated it.

The clock ticked in the background as if counting down to my doom. With a curse I rose from my seat and held out my hand. "Where's my damn ticket?"

Chapter Two

Jaymeson

First things first, this isn't me. I mean, seriously, this is not me. I'm not that guy. You know, the one that just does whatever someone tells him to do in order to get his paycheck? Hell to the no. I don't do that. I don't play that game, but when it comes to my career? I take it seriously, so if Peter says I need to go to Antarctica and mate with a penguin, I'd do it. Sure, I'd throw a fit the entire time, but I'd sure as hell do it in order to be able to keep doing what I love.

Making movies isn't just my bread and butter; its my life, it's my passion, and anything that stands in the way of that - whether it be a gorgeous girl or even a terrible rep - well, let's just say I'd do anything to be rid of it. Anything legal, that is. I'm not that crazy. America may be labeling me the newest English bad boy, but I'm scared of my own shadow.

Case in point, last year Demetri had me convinced my room was haunted when he hid a timed night light to turn on at two a.m. every freaking day until I finally figured it out. I was one week away from calling Ghost Hunters.

With a sigh, I walked into LAX and tried to play it cool. Aviator sunglasses? Check. Jeans? Check. Passport into crazy land? Check. I took my luggage to the Delta kiosk and sent out a text to both Demetri and Alec.

Descending into Hell. Your fault.

"Sir?" a woman asked. "Over here."

I wheeled my luggage over to the desk, pulled out my passport and gave her my confirmation number.

I waited.

It always took a few seconds for it to click with the commoners. They'd look at me, then back at my passport, then back at me, then back at the passport. This usually went on for about five minutes, all the while with the smile frozen on their faces and the sweat started pouring from their temples.

"Uh, Jamie Jaymeson?" the attendant said.

"Yes?" I answered.

"It looks like..." Click, click, click. Her nails tapped at amazing speed across the keyboard. "You're in the first class cabin. The flight into Portland will be boarding at 10:55. If there is anything..." Leaning forward, so her br**sts seemed to kiss her keyboard, she sighed. "And I do mean anything you need, let me know. I will personally be sure to take care of it."

Of course she would - I was a celebrity. I could ask her to clip my toenails and she'd probably save them and sell them on eBay. I tilted my head and examined her.

She was pretty.

You know, if you were into fifty year old cougars with lazy eyes. But I was done with making an ass out of myself. So I thanked her, touched her hand, gave her a solid wink, and made my way toward security.

Airport travel was always a toss up. Either I (A) made it through security without being noticed, or (B) was chased down the corridor and had to hide in the bathroom until someone came and found me.

Maybe I was feeling lucky, but I was hoping for option A.

I stood in line for security and checked my cell.

Demetri and Alec had yet to text me back. Bastards.

Sighing, I went to text them again just as someone bumped into my arm.

"Sorry," the soft feminine voice said.

I looked up and paused. Her eyes were a golden brown. The type of brown that looked odd against dark skin, it was almost chocolate but not dark enough to blend in with her pupils. I must have been staring because she cleared her throat.

I shook my head and waved her off. "It's cool."

"Well, as long as it's cool," she murmured.

"Pardon?" I turned.

"Uh..." Her cheeks stained pink. "Nothing. Sorry, just talking to myself, nervous habit."

Grinning, I leaned in. "You have a reason to be nervous?"

Her eyes left mine as she slowly checked me out, shoes to head, and then very simply said, "Nope."

What the freaking hell? I glared, slightly irritated that she didn't pause or at least blush. She was shitting me, right? Did she freaking know who I was? I jerked off my sunglasses and gave her the stare. You know, the one that literally causes a teenage scream to echo throughout the known universe, making parents want to stab me with sharp objects.

And nothing.

Not even crickets.

"Do you know who I am?" I asked... possibly with more than a little arrogance.

"You having trouble remembering your name or something?" She put her stuff on the conveyor belt and laughed. Yup, laughed at me.

"Of course not." I snorted. "You know what, never mind." I waved her off again just as I took off my jacket and put it in the bin. I put my new Rolex in one of the smaller trays, took off my Mark Nason boots and stomped through security, only to have the annoying as hell alarm go off.

Groaning, I stepped back out as the man with the giant torture stick examined me. It beeped when it went across the button of my jeans.

"Probably my button," I said.

The girl who I'd just been talking to sighed and crossed her arms. Right, I knew I was holding up the line, I wasn't an idiot, but I couldn't control the stupid security guy with a power trip.

"Sir," said the TSA dude with a nod toward my waist. "You can either strip here or strip in a private room. Either way, you need to take off the pants."

"You're joking, right?" I laughed. "Am I being Punk'd or something? What the hell?"

"No, sir, this is not a joke. Take off the pants."

I looked back at the man and swore.

Was this legal? I mean, I flew all the time, I'd never had to take off my pants before.

"Sir..." The man groaned. "People are waiting. Just take off your damn pants and you can be on your way."

My agent's warnings went off like an alarm in my brain. I had to be the good guy, not the ass. With a smile that felt so cheesy I wanted to shoot myself, I nodded and began taking off my damn pants in the middle of LAX. Ten bucks said I'd make the nightly news.

Once my jeans were at my ankles. The guy nodded. He scanned my shirt and it beeped. What the hell it hadn't beeped before? I gave him a helpless look as he sighed and crossed his arms. "Shirt too, I'm afraid."

"What the hell, man?"

He was immobile. Just stared. By now people were going into different lines to avoid my strip tease.

Shit.

I quickly pulled the shirt over my head.

I was officially standing in nothing but black Diesel boxer briefs in the middle of LAX. Really what else could go wrong?

And then I heard laughter.

Male laughter.

A camera crew came flying at me, followed by Demetri and Alec.

Son of a bitch!

I should have yelled, but all I could do was laugh my ass off as I pulled up my pants and shook my head.

"You..." Alec said as he slapped me on the shoulder. "Have officially been Punk'd."

I shook my head and looked at the camera saying, "Hi, I'm Jamie Jaymeson and I've been Punk'd"

The crew continued filming while I punched Demetri in the arm and rolled my eyes at Alec. We quickly walked through security as tons of cameras went off.

"Hold up." I grabbed my belongings and followed them through the airport. LA was cool like that. For the most part, people stared and they took pictures, but they never really approached that much - especially if you were with an entourage. Now that Demetri and Alec had shown up though, I knew it was only a matter of time before the three of us were trending on Twitter.

"Hilarious," I said once we were in the Delta Airlines Club Room.

"I almost pissed myself, I laughed so hard." Demetri plopped into the large leather chair and spread his arms behind his head "We've been planning it for weeks but with the tour and stuff, it started to look like it might not happen, then your agent called and-"

"My agent called to tell you what exactly? That my life was over if I didn't stop sleeping around? Great to know he's got my back with the secrecy."

"Hey!" Alec held up his hands. "Not to be an ass, but he said it would help further the whole innocent thing, you stripping at the airport looking all innocent while people took your picture. Humiliating. You're welcome."

"Haven't you guys done enough to me?" I got up from my seat and grabbed a bottle of beer before sitting back down. "I mean I have exactly two months to clean up my act. The decision's going to be made, and I want that part. Thanks to you two, my entire whorish escapades were filmed this last summer for the world to see. Apparently," I said, shrugging. "I'm a whore-addicted Neanderthal."

"Who uses that word anymore?" Demetri asked. "And not that it matters, but you agreed to the reality show. Not our fault you decided to use it as a platform for beating the Guinness world record for how many girls you could sleep with at once."

"Whatever." I picked at the label on the bottle. "I just want to make movies."

"Then play nice," Alec said. "Do the little dance they want you to do, let the puppet play you, and move on. It's only two months, and Seaside is really nice this time of year."

"If you say nice one more time I'm going to break my beer bottle on your head." I groaned. "And it's not nice. Seaside is anything but nice. I seem to remember two rock stars texting me like crazy when they had to move there for the summer, and I don't get a partner in crime. Nope, it's just me."

Alec shrugged.

Demetri grinned.

"Shit." I rested my head against the chair and closed my eyes. "I really have to do this, don't I?"

"It would be best for your career," Alec said seriously. "Besides, you're already at the airport."

"And let's be honest - Seaside is the best place to find your future girl."

At that I laughed and opened my eyes. "Still stuck on that, huh? I'm not a one-girl man. I'm just not made that way. I like things in pairs, or multiples if at all possible. One girl for the rest of my life? Holy shit, shoot me now." I shook my head. "Not happening. Ever."

"He's going to be eighty and still hitting on chicks at clubs." Demetri elbowed Alec.

Alec grinned. "A bet."

"Huh?" Demetri asked.

Oh no. I knew that look. Stupid Alec.

"A bet." Alec cleared his throat. "I bet you fall for a girl within the next two months."

"I second that bet." Demetri winked.

"Holy crap, it's like you guys are putting a hex on me." I shuddered and looked away. "Stop it, seriously. Not happening. Have you ever seen me in a relationship? Ever?"

They both shook their heads.

"My point exactly, I wouldn't even know what to do."

"It's called dating." Alec said it slowly like I was a two-year-old learning how to walk.

"Thanks, jackass." I threw part of the beer label I'd been twisting in my fingers at his face.

"The role you want..." Demetri cleared his throat, all humor leaving. "It's that new one about first love?"

"Yeah..." I said slowly. "Why?"

"You need to experience heartbreak in order to play it."

"Not true," I argued. "I've never been homeless, but I can play the shit out of a homeless guy."

Alec chuckled. "What Demetri's trying to say is that you can't play heartbreak if you've never experienced it because it's different than playing a part. When your heart breaks - when you lose something you want to win - it changes your world. You, my friend..." He pointed directly at me. "...have never been thrown off. You've experienced family drama, but you don't know what it's like to yearn for someone's touch, to want them to want you so much that you'd die just for one taste..." He shrugged. "You don't know that feeling. You don't even know what it's like to steal the innocence straight from a girl's lips. You have to feel it to play it, that's all I'm saying. You can change your image all you want, but that audition won't be yours until you know what it's like to get your earth completely and totally shattered."

I kept my mocking smile firmly in place, when really my heart was damn near going to pound straight out of my chest. I'd drunk innocence directly from a girl's lips. I'd tasted purity and ever since I'd nearly gone insane with want for it.

My mind replayed images of that night with Priscilla - the night I told myself I'd just satisfy my own stupid curiosity, only to find that it did nothing but start a burning fire in my soul for more of what I knew she could offer. I'd screwed it up by forcing her to think I didn't care. It had been the only way, because the minute her body responded to my touch, I'd realized why I didn't do relationships. Why I didn't do first kisses and white picket fences.

Most endings weren't the fairy tale. I knew that first hand. And Priscilla? She'd looked at me as if I'd freaking climbed an ivory tower and slain the dragon for her, not even realizing that I wasn't the savior, but a wolf in sheep's clothing. I was the damn dragon and I wanted nothing more than to destroy everything good about her - allow her to fill my loneliness with her smile.

"Hey, you okay?" Alec squinted in my direction while he and Demetri exchanged a glance.

"Just starving." I shrugged, my voice croaking. "I should probably get something to eat before I catch my flight."

"Okay." Alec rose. "But think about what I said, alright?"

No chance in hell I'd be able to do anything but think about what he'd said, the bastard.

"I'll try." I gave him a tight smile.

Chapter Three

Jaymeson

Alec's words haunted me the entire flight. I wanted to freaking bash my head against the wall; I was irritated that his little speech had affected me so much. I mean, who the hell cared? I could play anything! I'd be whatever they wanted me to be. I'd screw whomever I needed to screw. I just wanted the damn part.

The problem with Alec and Demetri? They were hopelessly in love; they saw things through a different lens, a clouded one, to be exact. Mine was clear, and my goal was clear. Clean up my image, get the part, do what I love. The End. It wasn't selfish. How could bettering myself be selfish? It was doing what I was passionate about. It was making people smile, making them happy while making myself happy.

I fought the guilt and ordered another small bottle of whiskey. It was the last one; it had to be, because I wasn't entirely sure I'd have a car waiting for me or if I'd have to rent one to drive all the way to Hell.

I wasn't taking any chances.

The last thing I needed was a DUI.

"You traveling for business or pleasure?" the elderly lady next to me asked, totally interrupting my thoughts.

"Business," I said, not making eye contact lest she start screaming my name and ask me to sign her bra.

"All pleasure on my end." She elbowed me. "I'm going to one of those fancy resorts on the coast."

"Lovely." I cleared my throat and tried to look interested in the magazine in my lap.

"Oh it is. Seaside's wonderful this time of year."

"Seaside?" I snorted. "Wonderful?"

"Oh yes." She sighed, "My honey and I used to take long walks on that beach, camp out in the sand at midnight." She shivered. "Kiss under the stars."

She kept reminiscing.

And I kept staring at the magazine. Praying my mind would - at some point in my life - rid itself of the memory of Priscilla's kiss.

Her touch.

Her scent.

Everything about her that made my heart clench in my chest. Funny how one girl, one moment can change your life forever. She probably hated me.

And I couldn't blame her.

But it was easier to hate someone than deal with having a broken heart. And I knew it was best. What I did was for both of us. But mainly, it was for her. She was lucky I rejected her.

"Do you have a girlfriend?" the chatty woman asked.

"No. I don't."

"Oh that's alright." She patted my arm. "You have plenty of time to settle down."

"Right." I offered her a smile.

Her eyebrows knit together. "You look famous."

"I am famous."

"Oh." She nodded. "That's nice."

"Yeah." I smiled for real this time. "It is."

"Have I seen any of your movies?"

"I'm not sure."

She seemed to think about this for a minute. "If I text my grandkids and say I sat next to you will they scream?"

I smirked. "How old are they?"

"Fourteen."

"Yeah." I laughed. "Lots of high pitched screaming."

"Can I have your autograph? Or do you get tired of people asking you that? I don't mean to be a bother..."

I reached into my carry-on and pulled out two pictures, signing them with long fluid letters and then pulled out my phone and took a picture. "Give me your email and I'll send this to you."

"I can't believe-" she dabbed her eyes, "You would do that, you don't even know me."

"Yeah I do." I held out my hand. "Jamie Jaymeson."

She blanched.

Holy shit. She was having a stroke.

I was about ready to yell for someone when she threw her bony arms around me and whispered in my ear, "I just loved you in that Romeo and Juliet remake - I can die happy now." She squeezed me so tight I had trouble breathing.

"Er, thanks." I pulled back and smiled.

"You'll find your girl soon, Jamie. I just know it. A woman knows these things."

"Yeah." I shifted uncomfortably in my seat. "Thanks."

Hell, I needed more to drink. The last thing I needed was a sweet grandma telling me she loved me and then telling me I was going to settle down soon. No way. Not gonna happen.

Because if I ever did settle down.

It wouldn't be with anyone.

But her.

Chapter Four

Priscilla

I grabbed the boxes from the donation center and carried them outside to my car. My dad's church had recently decided to do a contest where each family donated clothing to the local Goodwill.

The family that won was given an overnight stay at the new resort in Canon Beach. I guess that was one way to get people to give, especially in this day and age. Last Christmas I had gone door to door to get donations for needy families, and was told at least ten times that the families wouldn't be so needy if they got off their asses and worked for a living.

And I was only asking for a dollar donation.

Sometimes I hated people.

I was much happier being the silent one in the background. Give me a clipboard with a list of things to accomplish or a building to paint, but don't make me deal with people who haughtily talked out of their asses for a living. My dad would kill me if he could hear my inner monologue. I'd just said ass like two times in the past five minutes.

Dehydration and irritation were both setting in.

The dehydration was due to the fact that nobody was helping me carry all five thousand boxes to my car on account of they were all at a cheer competition for my little sister. It was her first "away" competition, and not that our parents didn't trust her, but she was sixteen and well... let's just say the football team knew her well - too well if you asked me.

My irritation had been caused by an entirely different reason - I was still thinking about the devil, also known as Jamie Jaymeson, A-list actor and genuine jackass. See? There I go again. Maybe I should just write ass across my shirt. You know, really commit to the word for an entire day.

I snorted as I crammed another box into my car. If Jaymeson and his stupid accent were here, I'm sure I could throw around a lot more than ass. I may even dive deep down in my black heart and use an F-bomb, consequently waking my grandmother from her grave of two years, and causing her to haunt me for the rest of my natural existence.

With a grunt, I picked up one more box and shoved it into the car, slamming the door behind it.

Forget my grandmother, visions of Jaymeson teased me; they haunted me, they seriously made me want to fly down to LA and burn down his house - with him inside.

It hadn't been my first kiss.

But it had been my best - my favorite. Until the idiot, see I don't have to say ass all the time, decided to panic and act like a commitment-phobe freak.

What? It wasn't like I expected him to propose to me! I'm eighteen! Eight-freaking-teen! I was just so shocked that he'd been shaking while giving me the kiss, that he'd been so tender in the process, that for a split second, I believed he could be a different person.

I saw a Jaymeson that I'm sure the world had never seen. He was awkward, afraid, scared, hilarious.

And mine.

He'd kissed me like I was his, and I hated that every second of the day a part of me wished it were true.

With a sigh, I walked over to the driver's side of my car and heard a loud honking. I jerked back against my door and swore out loud as a truck sped by and flipped me off.

Great, so thinking of Jaymeson wasn't just driving me slowly insane, it was going to get me killed.

I needed to find a boyfriend.

And get a life.

I'd promised my parents I would take a semester off and start school at Oregon State in the spring.

Yeah, I should have never made that promise. I was already in hell. And FYI, hell isn't a bad word because it's an actual place; I tell my dad this on a daily basis.

I turned the key in my red Camry and slowly pulled out of the parking lot. I drove like a snail toward Goodwill, and it had nothing to do with the fact that I was a terrible driver. It did, however, have everything to do with the fact that my parents were going to be gone for an entire week, only to come home for the weekend and leave again for my sister's next cheerleading competition in Seattle. They were going to stay an extra week and vacation, then drive her back in time for school to start.

Leaving me alone.

All alone.

I started singing, "All by myself..." at the top of my lungs then stopped. You know you've hit a low point when your own singing grates on your nerves.

My friends had all abandoned me for college - it was September, where else would they be?

And I had a week to look forward to movies and silence.

But I couldn't watch movies because they made me think of him, and I couldn't go to the beach because that's where the kiss had taken place - meaning, I was stuck with staring at the wall or reading books.

Books became my boyfriend.

My addiction.

My obsession.

Me and Mr. Darcy were basically married now - I mean, I spoke to him out loud on a daily basis, minus the English accent, because, you've guessed it! Jaymeson had an English accent. And no, for your information, it doesn't sound ridiculous on him, it sounds sexy, deep, grating.

"Damn it!" I slammed the steering wheel with my hand, accidently hitting the horn as a sweet old lady made her way slowly across the street with a cane.

I mouthed 'sorry.'

And received another finger.

How nice, the sweet old lady knows how to flip people off.

I fought the urge to return the gesture - but figured it was probably a bad idea considering a bumper sticker from my dad's church had found it's way onto my car.

Every time I took it off.

He replaced it.

Resistance was futile.

Hah! Star Trek! I pumped my fist into the air and then swallowed. "Holy crap, I need a life."

Starting now. I pulled into the parking lot and vowed... the next few months would be different. I'd take chances, take risks, live on the wild side, and for the love of God, I would NOT think of Jamie Jaymeson, or his eyes, or his smile, or his...

He was dead to me.

"Dead, you hear me!" I slammed my fist into the horn again, this time on purpose, forgetting that my window was open.

A guy from Goodwill walked over and grimaced. "Remind me to never piss you off."

"Sorry." I felt my cheeks blush. "I... um, I'm here to deliver donations from Seaside Christian Fellowship?" Yeah... way'ta go, Pris.

He licked his lips and let out a chuckle. "Of course you are."

And my blush deepened.

"I'll get the boxes out, you just sit tight. Seems like it's been a rough day for you."

"Try rough summer," I mumbled under my breath.

"I'm Smith."

I squinted as the sun blinded me. "Is that your last name?"

"First." He smiled again, this time revealing a deep-set dimple on his left cheek. The sun was shining in my eyes, so really all I could see was teeth, nice white teeth with a big white smile.

Like a movie star.

I groaned.

"Hey, are you okay?" He reached for my door just as I pushed it open, and - you guessed it - knocked him flat on his ass.

"Oh, my gosh!" I rushed to his side and grabbed his arm. "I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to... I mean, I wasn't..." Words died. And then when I opened my mouth to spout more words, smart ones, that sounded... smart and stuff, I gawked.

Gorgeous.

He was beautiful. I let out a little gasp - swear it wasn't on purpose - and gave him a small smile and tried again. "I really am sorry."

He grinned again; dirty blond hair fell in disarray across his face as he grabbed my hand, lifting himself off the ground. "It's alright, you can knock me on my ass anytime."

Embarrassed, I looked down at my shoe, the most uninteresting white sneaker in the world and said nothing.

"Hey!" a voice said from the door. "Is that the church donation?"

I put a hand over my forehead and squinted. It was Nat's friend Evan; he was a few years older than me and had just gotten married while the whole AD2 gang was in town for the big celebration of Alec and Nat. Which is also how I met Jaymeson, lucky me.

And pushing that memory away, again, for the fiftieth time that afternoon.

"Yup." Smith chuckled. "We've got everything under control."

"Okay!" Evan yelled and ran back into the center.

"Boss?" I crossed my arms.

"Worse." Smith grinned. "Brother."

"Older?" I asked calmly while my insides were pleading. If he was older than Evan there was no hope. Evan was twenty-one.

"Who's asking?" He licked his lips and took a step toward me; his height dwarfed my own five-foot-two frame.

"Never mind." I tucked my hair behind my ear. "So, these boxes." I opened the passenger door and began pulling them out.

We worked together in silence, and within minutes I was free of the donations and able to leave.

"Thanks again!" I forced a smile and got into my car, turning it on, and quickly putting it in reverse, but suddenly Smith was hanging inside my window, and I had nowhere to go. Nothing to do but stare at his perfect lips.

"Older," he whispered. "Much older."

I knew it. Oh well. "So you're like a creepy old man then?"

"Whoa there!" he laughed. "I'm only twenty-three. Let's not start getting crazy."

Jaymeson's twenty-third birthday had been last month.

Would I never be free of him?

"Nice." I nodded politely. "But I gotta run."

"Suit, yourself, beautiful." Smith winked. "But next time, I'll put on my running shoes, so don't think you'll be getting away from me as fast."

"I'll just drive!" I yelled out my window as he stepped back.

His eyes seemed to say 'we'll see,' as I watched him from my mirror.

Sweating, I gripped the steering wheel and made my way toward my parents' modest house just outside of town. He was the type of friend I most certainly did not need.

Which was why I was probably going to go back.

And I'd probably be on a bike.

So he could catch me.

So I could get a damn kiss that erased the memory of Jaymeson for good.

So I could be free of that damn movie star once and for all.

Chapter Five

Jaymeson

Nobody was around to hear my sigh. Not one bloody soul. Probably because my luggage was the last to make its way down the chute and onto the carousel. For a minute I'd thought they'd lost it.

I'd actually smiled at the idea, then I'd at least get to call Peter and bitch about the fact that Seaside was like a third world country - even though technically I was in Portland, and it was a buzzing metropolis. Though I had to admit, Portland people? A bit off.

With a grunt I grabbed my two bags and slowly made my way outside to the taxis. I'd given up hope that a car would be waiting for me, that would be too easy. Not to mention too kind and I was pretty sure that my name was at the top of Peter's shit list in shiny bright colors.

Peter didn't do things that way - he didn't believe celebrities should be treated any different than anyone else. It was why when his agency offered to pick me up - I couldn't sign fast enough. I'd never felt normal, and having an agency that liked me to feel that way? It was nice.

Until they started acting like parents.

I kicked the ground with my shoe and put on my sunglasses as I scanned the row of taxis.

In hindsight, I should have paid for someone to drop off my Audi. After Nat and Alec's wedding, I hadn't had time to drive it back to California before my movie started shooting, so I left it. At least I'd have some wheels to get around in.

I lifted my hand.

No cars moved.

I waved a bit.

Nothing.

Okay, so maybe this was a time I wanted to be treated like a celebrity. I cleared my throat and whistled.

Slowly, like a turtle waking up inside its damn shell and realizing it had a job to do, a car pulled to the curb. The man, looking high as an effing kite, waltzed around the car and grinned.

Like I said... Portland.

You'd never know weed was legal in California, mainly because where I was from; it was all about the harder drugs. But Oregon? Yeah, seriously, just walk downtown, weed shops everywhere.

"Hey man, this all you got?" He reached for my bags, missed twice, and then with a loud grunt hauled them into the trunk of the car.

I got in the back seat and sent out a group text to Demetri and Alec.

Me: If I die on the way to Seaside, give my surfboard to Nat.

Demetri: Huh?

Alec: Cool, thanks!

Me: So now I'm suicidal...

Demetri: So you're killing yourself on the way to Seaside?

I glanced up as the taxi driver got back onto the car, put it in reverse, then drive, then reverse, then of course laughed his ass off, wiping tears from his eyes, and started going - all without asking me which direction I was headed.

Me: Getting in this cab is suicide - dude's higher than Demetri used to be.

Demetri: Thanks, man.

Alec: Holy shit, really? That's bad!

Demetri: Hilarious.

Me: Let the countdown into Hell begin! Oh, and you're both jackasses.

Demetri: Love you too, bro!

Alec: Have fun abstaining from sex!

Me: Maybe the car will run into a ditch? Fingers crossed.

The car jolted. I almost dropped my phone as I gripped the worn leather seat in front of me.

"Dude..." The guy nodded. "Where we headed?"

"Hell," I said crisply.

"Uh..." He nodded. "How do we get there?"

"It's easy." I formed my hand into a tight fist. "Just follow the road to Seaside."

"Awesome." He grinned.

"Stop talking," I snapped.

"Sorry, man."

I was an ass, what did I care? He could report me to the media all he wanted. My life was about to be over. Peter said he'd send me information on my job while I was in Seaside. The plan was that I would to stay for two months. Peter also suggested I fly under the radar, and that if I just so happened to be seen helping old ladies carry groceries and saving cats from trees, it couldn't hurt.

I know what you're thinking. Two months, Jaymeson? Anyone can do two months by the ocean. How spoiled can a person be?

Hold that thought while I take a giant-assed bite of rat poison. It's Seaside, for those of you who aren't familiar with my story, let me lay it all out there, you know, put all my cards on the table, drop all the chips into the pile, freaking bleed until I have nothing left.

Seaside is small. Everyone knows everyone. It's a huge tourist trap at least seven months out of the year. Lots of screaming children, lots of shops that sell shit that nobody needs, homemade ice cream and fudge that are aimed at making you so fat and happy you forget that the sun isn't actually shining and that it is, in fact, raining.

They have surfing, but you literally have to wear the most expensive wet suit to escape having your balls fall off from the temperature of the water.

They have one movie theatre - it smells weird.

How do I know all of this? I spent a summer there filming a reality show with AD2 and about drowned myself in the ocean once I found out my mom and Demetri's mom were not only one and the same, but that Alec had once upon a time made out with her. Gross, right? It gets worse. She tried to blackmail Alec with pictures of them together in order to get drug money - it turned into a whole thing... it was dramatic to say the least.

The only positive about that summer was finding out I had a brother - and getting three more movie offers once the webisodes were finished.

So this place? Bad memories for me, lots of bad memories. On top of that, the last time I'd set foot on the beach, I'd kissed an innocent girl, laughed in her face, then asked that same innocent girl - aka the pastor's daughter - if she'd like to have a drunken threesome with another girl who, FYI, wasn't so innocent, and whose name I still can't remember to this day.

Seaside was my Hell. It reminded me of the shitty person I was, because it reminded me of her. And it reminded me of what my mom became once money and fame destroyed her.

I leaned my head against the window and pulled up my Facebook. I needed a distraction. I was probably one of the only celebrities that actually tried to have a Facebook account that focused on my personal life. It was my first name and middle name, nobody had figured it out, and my pictures weren't close ups. Most people on it were close friends and family who knew my secret and, of course, Demetri and Alec.

But I'd added her.

It was a knee jerk reaction. At first it was because I wanted to check up on her, make sure she was okay and all that.

And then it turned into more.

I started talking to her. Nothing crazy - just leaving random comments on her pictures and liking her status updates. You know, real crazy shit.

I know, I know, I need to get my head out of my ass. But it was too tempting. She was too tempting, and those damn wedding photos? I'd stared at those like a creepy stalker for hours.

I was almost surprised Dateline didn't call me up - I truly mean it was hours, no exaggeration.

I'd take it to my grave.

For the most part I'd just commented on photos and posted on her timeline. But I'd never made actual contact. Holy crap I sounded like an astronaut exploring a foreign planet. Was she that terrifying to me? My thumb hovered over the message button. Without thinking, I clicked it and typed in her name, Priscilla.

She may hate me. But Jamie Hudson? She would love him. Maybe it was the crazy talking - or maybe Seaside was already starting to seep into my veins, making me do crazy shit I would normally pass on.

But, I still typed, I typed one word, I had no bloody clue that one word - would be my downfall.

Chapter Six

Priscilla

My footsteps echoed across the empty hall as I set my purse on the counter and leaned against it.

I hated the sound of my own breathing. It reminded me that I was alone, that I had no friends, and that it was four in the afternoon on a Saturday and I would most likely be in bed by eight.

I almost screamed when my phone ringtone went off - it was AD2's newest song. I listened for a few seconds as Demetri crooned, then I answered. "Hello?"

"How are you, beautiful?"

I laughed. "Dad, I'm good. Feeling awesome. Guess how many calories I burned today carrying boxes?"

"Too many?"

"Correct."

"Order some pizza, drink some pop, eat sugar, sweetheart. Feed your inner monster, you know you want to."

"This is why I love you." I laughed. "What's up?"

"Well..." Dad hesitated - he never hesitates. My stomach dropped. "Your mom got a phone call from your brothers in the Philippines. The orphanage needs a new roof. We decided to forgo our vacation in Seattle, fly down, help out as much as we can, and then fly back to the States in time to see your sister's competition. We'll take a rental car back."

I was silent.

"Pris..." Dad breathed. "I'm sorry. I know you hate staying by yourself."

"It's fine." I mean, he was doing charity work. How selfish could I be? So what if I was still afraid of fires and the boogey monster? Not a big deal. "Dad, you need to go. It's the right thing to do. Plus, you and mom haven't visited the orphanage in a really long time." And I knew they missed my brothers, we called them my brothers, but technically we weren't related. They visited twice a year, and in turn, my parents would visit them twice a year. They were missionary kids that had, at one point, lived with us when their parents were overseas.

"I knew I did good having you as a daughter."

"You had nothing to do with it!" I laughed.

"Aww, sweetie, of course I did. When a mommy and daddy-"

"Bye, Dad!" I interrupted. "Stop traumatizing me."

"Stay safe, sweetie. Oh, and Mom says to make sure to take your vitamins, eat your pie, and not talk to strangers on the Internet."

I rolled my eyes. "Tell mom I just made friends with a sixty-year-old man who lives in England. He promised to make me a princess and said all I have to do is send him my social security number and five hundred dollars - I think I'm going to do it. I don't want to die alone."

"Make sure he gives you the crown first."

"Always," I said solemnly. "A girl has to see the goods first."

He said something to my mom and then got back on the phone. "Your mother says to make good choices."

"Tell her I'm fine."

"Eat your vegetables. Don't talk to strangers-"

"I'm getting off the phone now."

"-guard your virtue!" Mom shouted.

The phone line went dead. I rolled my eyes and tossed it onto the counter. My parents were out of control. I loved them to pieces. It always seemed weird to be at the house without them, like it was haunted - dead. I shivered.

My Facebook alert went off.

I pulled out my phone and smiled.

Jamie Hudson.

I'd never met him, and the only reason I even added him was because his mutual friend list included Alyssa, Nat, Alec, and Demetri, so I assumed he was safe and not the type of guy to friend you on Facebook, leer at your pictures, and then try to kidnap you or convince you to meet him even though he was some sick sixty-year-old pervert.

Jamie Hudson: Hey.

I grinned, his name sounded hot but his pictures had been snapped too far away for me to see what he actually looked like. You know your life is pathetic when the only good thing you have going for you on a Saturday night is a stranger messaging you on Facebook.

Me: You're going to be my date for the evening it seems.

He didn't reply.

Oh crap! I'd been kidding! I always forgot that people don't get humor when you're on instant message. The alert went off making me almost drop my phone.

Jamie Hudson: Great, I was needing something to look forward to.

I scrunched up my nose and replied: Rough Day?

Jamie Hudson: You could say that. But, it's not a big deal, I'm just glad you're online.

Me: Why?

Jamie Hudson: Promise not to laugh?

Me: No, besides you can't hear me even if I do.

Jamie Hudson: Ha ha, I guess that's true.

Me: ?

Jamie Hudson: I'm so lonely that I'm contemplating listening to AD2 while I drown my sorrows in wine.

Me: Low point.

Jamie Hudson: No, a low point would be putting on Justin Bieber.

Me: I'd be doing you a favor by shooting you.

Jamie Hudson: As my friend, it's your duty to inflict harm on my person if I ever stoop so low as to listen to Boyfriend.

I laughed out loud. He was funny. Why hadn't we ever talked before? I grabbed a soda from the fridge and plopped onto the couch.

Jamie Hudson: What are you doing?

Me: I'm naked.

Jamie Hudson: sa;dlkfjeowihgakdh

Me: I was kidding.

Jamie Hudson: I know.

I laughed again and turned the phone to me and took a full picture of my face, with clothes on, then typed, "See?"

Jamie Hudson: Gorgeous. Your hair's longer than last time.

Me: Uh, last time, creepy stalker man?

Jamie Hudson: Ha Ha, the wedding pictures, Alec's wedding to be exact, I wasn't there but saw pictures. Your hair's longer. I like it.

Me: Thanks.

I should have ended the conversation immediately - mainly because he was making my stomach do that swirly thing it does when a hot guy gives you a compliment and you realize that it actually means more than it should.

The alert went off again.

A picture of Jamie stared back at me, only it wasn't of his head it was a picture of his hand in front of his face as he waved. All I could see was dark hair curling out from underneath a baseball hat and part of a tattoo peeking from underneath his hooded sweatshirt.

He could be some sixteen-year-old cousin to one of the guys and I would have no idea. I was just about to click out of the app when he messaged again.

Jamie Hudson: Want to watch a movie?

Me: You planning on moving to Oregon?

Jamie Hudson: I prefer Malibu.

Didn't all rock stars and friends of rock stars?

Me: Then I don't see how that's possible.

Jamie Hudson: Easy, love. You have Netflix right?

Me: Yeah?

Jamie Hudson: Pick out a movie and I'll watch the same one.

Me: Are you serious?

He couldn't be serious. I mean, we'd never even met and now randomly he wants to watch a movie, but not really watch a movie with me? I guess it was better than doing nothing.

Biting my lip, I typed.

Me: Fine, as long as it's not a Jaymeson movie.

Jamie Hudson: Got a thing against Brits?

Me: No, just jerks.

Jamie Hudson: He was a jerk to you.

The way he typed it, it wasn't a question, almost like he was stating that Jaymeson was, in fact, a total jerk to me and hadn't ever apologized.

Me: No big deal. Water under the bridge and all that. I'm trying this new thing where I don't talk about him - ever.

Jamie Hudson: How's that working out?

Me: Good until now.

Jamie Hudson: Ouch, sorry. Okay, how about I pick a movie?

Me: You got good taste?

Jamie Hudson: Sweetheart, I've got the best taste, just wait.

Two hours later, and I was watching the credits roll on the black screen. Breakfast at Tiffany's. Who knew he'd choose such a good movie?

My alert went off.

Jamie Hudson: Sweet dreams, Pris.

There went my stupid heart hammering out of my chest again. I replied with a smiley face and promised myself it wasn't a big deal. He was just a guy, a nice guy, far away, who was bored.

Wow, what a day. I think it's going to be the most boring weekend ever and I already have two run-ins. One with Smith and one with Jamie.

With a stupid grin on my face, I made my way up the stairs to my room, singing Breakfast at Tiffany's the entire way there.

Chapter Seven

Jaymeson

Yup. It was official. The minute I'd stepped into my rented beach house in Seaside - I'd lost it.

Seriously.

I'd lost my head.

My mind.

My shit.

My everything.

And I freaking sat home alone on a Saturday night - talking to a girl who didn't really know who I was, and, oh yeah, watched an old Audrey Hepburn movie.

The minute the credits rolled, I had an epiphany. Maybe I was having a nervous breakdown? Don't roll your eyes! It happens! I knew a guy from Hollywood that ended up walking three miles in the snow with nothing on but a smile - all because he was convinced that nothing could hurt him. He'd played a superhero in his last film and apparently the whole "pretend" theory didn't really ride well with him.

He got frostbite on his ass.

His ass!

Another guy ended up getting so into his role of playing a chicken that he asked a hypnotist to make it so that he actually believed he was a chicken.

It kind of stuck. Now he works at FunLand.

What can I say? Money does crazy things to people.

My point? It happens. It happens more than the general public even knows! Hollywood is all about pressure. It's about being the best, and even when people say you've finally made it? All it takes is another blockbuster or an unknown actor to tip the scales out of your favor and then suddenly you're working at McDonald's and asking if people want fries with their burgers.

I set my phone on the counter and tugged my shirt off as sweat poured down my body.

See? It was even hot as hell in Seaside! Or maybe it was just my house. I took a few more soothing breaths and looked down at my phone just as an alert went off.

Priscilla had sent me a picture. She had her PJ's on and a stuffed brown horse in her hands as she waved. The caption said goodnight.

My heart may have fluttered.

And my throat may have gone dry as my eyes stared at the picture - nearly burning a hole into it.

I had to have her.

And I didn't even know why. I wanted to hate myself for wanting her. I knew the only reason was because she was innocent - off limits - and because she hated me.

I didn't know how to go about it. How did one actually pursue a girl without having sex first? I mean, I knew in theory that's how it worked, I'd just never actually done it before.

Dating?

Did I want to date?

I grabbed a beer from the fridge that the agency had stocked for me and sat on the couch, putting my head in my hands as I thought it through - like really thought it through until my head throbbed.

I didn't want to date her.

I kind of just wanted to... see her? Was that it? Hold her hand? Get her to forgive me? How creepy could I be? I could see myself now, getting caught watching her with a huge-assed grin on my face. Yeah, I'd probably end up in prison, and my face was way too expensive to get messed up by a cross-dresser named Frank.

I groaned. Hell, I had no idea what I wanted. Maybe it was just the fact that we'd left things so horribly. Okay fine, I'd left things horribly.

Tomorrow. I'd think about it tomorrow. I snatched my phone and scrolled through my e-mail and original instructions from Peter.

To my utter horror - there was an e-mail from Peter... the subject? Your job while you "vacation" in paradise.

He'd called it paradise to piss me off.

I clicked the e-mail and read through the instructions.

Then promptly threw my phone against the couch and punched the cushion with my fist over and over again.

It had to me a mistake.

It was a joke, right?

A joke. A joke. A joke. I tried to laugh.

No laugh came.

I was officially helping out with the Chamber of Commerce. My first stop? A church.

Here's to hoping I don't get struck by lightning the minute I step over the threshold.

I held up my beer into the air. "Cheers."

Chapter Eight

Priscilla

I tossed in my bed for what felt like hours. Each position felt uncomfortable and awkward. Embarrassed that my thoughts were consumed with a certain Jamie Hudson and his silly baseball hat, I unplugged my phone - so I wouldn't stalk my Facebook messages - and set it across the room.

Satisfied, I padded back to my bed and tucked the sheets up to my chin then fell into a dreamless sleep... until I heard sirens.

I jolted out of bed like someone had shocked me and ran to the window. They sounded really close. I opened the window and peered out as the fire truck made its way to my house followed by two police cars and an ambulance.

The train of loudness stopped directly in front of my house.

And then I smelled smoke.

Panicking, I ran back to my door and lightly tapped the knob like they show you in all those stupid movies you have to watch about fire prevention. It wasn't hot. I opened the door and nearly fell over as a billow of black smoke invaded my room sending me to all fours.

I grabbed my phone since it was right next to me and crawled down the stairs toward the door. I still didn't see any flames or feel any heat. Once I was safely in the hall, I ran to the door and burst outside. An explosion jarred me off balance sending me sailing across the grass.

"Ma'am? Are you hurt? Can you hear me?" A flashlight shone in my eyes. I moaned and flipped over onto my back. The light made it impossible to see the guy who had asked me if I was dying.

Firefighters charged by me as I tried to wrap my head around what was happening.

"Here." The man turned off his flashlight and knelt next to me. "I'm a paramedic, and you're safe, alright? Just take a few deep breaths. Can you do that for me?"

"Y-yes." My voice was hoarse. I tried to inhale but all of a sudden it felt like my lungs were squeezing closed. Panicking, I gripped the paramedic's arm and began coughing.

"That's alright, just cough it out. Seems you got some smoke in there."

No crap! I wanted to shout but I was having trouble breathing, let alone speaking.

His hand moved to my back as he rubbed and patted. "There you go, just keep coughing."

Why did his voice sound familiar? And why was his touch so warm? Was it that cold outside?

Finally, my breathing evened. I turned to thank the paramedic, and again, was rendered speechless.

He smiled. "Better now?"

"Smith?"

"Yes?" he said calmly, his mouth tilting upward into a steady smile.

"But-"

"I donate my time." He winked. "Now, do you think you can stand?"

"Umm..." I felt so weak - why did I feel weak?

"It's okay." He wrapped his arms around me and lifted me effortlessly to my feet, still holding me steady as I swayed a bit. "I'll hold you until you want me to let go."

I nodded and licked my lips. "I think I'm okay."

"Are you sure?" His eyes were so clear, so... trustworthy. When he said it was okay I actually believed that he meant it.

I swallowed and answered, "Yes. I'm sure."

He stepped back, his hands leaving an emptiness on my skin that made me shiver.

"Old house." One of the firefighters pulled off his helmet and nodded at me. "You were home alone?" His eyebrows furrowed. "No friends, boyfriends, family, or pets?"

Okay, the way he said it made me sound like the biggest loser on the planet. I almost lied and said I had an ant farm then realized that if that was the best lie I could come up with; I was better off shaking my head and embracing the awkward silence.

"Really?" Smith smirked. "No one at all?"

I fought the urge to roll my eyes. "Nope. Parents are gone for the next two weeks and my friends are all at college."

His eyes softened briefly before he brushed his thumb across my face. "Sorry, you had a smudge."

I swallowed nervously.

"So no boyfriend?" He took a step closer. "No one at all?"

"Smith!" another paramedic called. "Do we need the ambulance?"

"No," he yelled back. "I think she'll be just fine."

I shivered and crossed my arms.

Smith wrapped an arm around me and led me away from the house.

"Wait-"

"Any family nearby you can stay with?" he asked.

And I was officially done with questions. I was tired, a bit freaked out, and his questions just reminded me about how alone I really was in the world.

"I-um..." I licked my lips again. "I have a place to stay."

"You do?" He sounded disappointed.

I stepped away from his warm arms and nodded. "Yeah, it's on the other side of the Prom." The rich side. I didn't say that, but it was true. The Point, as I liked to call it, was a cliff that jutted out into the ocean. It was beautiful, and I knew just the place I could stay.

I clenched my phone in my hand as Smith's eyes traveled slowly over my body. It was impossible to tell if he was genuinely concerned or checking me out.

"Alright," he said in an emotionless voice. "So where am I taking you? No way am I letting you drive your own car this late at night after nearly being singed to death."

"Um, let me make a phone call really quick. I don't want to wake them up." The lie fell easily from my lips as I scurried away and quickly dialed Alyssa's phone number. My hands shook as I waited for Alyssa to answer.

She answered on the fourth ring. Thank God.

"You better be dying," she grumbled.

"Almost," I half laughed, half choked as the seriousness of the situation finally settled in.

"Oh, my gosh, are you okay? What's going on? Demetri!" I heard slapping. "Demetri! Wake up!"

Yeah, Demetri was going to be pissed that I was actually alive - that dude slept more than anyone I'd ever met.

"I'm fine." I wiped the fresh tears from my eyes. "But my parents are gone and there was a small fire-"

"A fire!" she roared.

"Like I said, I'm fine."

"Do you need me to fly up there?"

She was the best cousin ever.

"No." I smiled through my tears. "But I was wondering if I could stay at the new place Demetri bought? I can't go back into my house and I really, really need a place to stay."

"Of course!" she all but yelled. "You know you can always stay with my parents too. They're your aunt and uncle."

I was silent.

She sighed. "Fine, fine, I know you well enough to know you'd rather be alone than be coddled for the next twenty-four hours. Alright, the key's under the pig."

"Huh?"

"The pig!" I heard Demetri shout in the background. "It's under the pig!"

"A real pig?"

"No." Alyssa sighed heavily. "An ugly-as-sin plaster pig that sits next to the mat. Demetri's convinced nobody will think to look under it because it looks heavy and - according to him - looks cursed."

"Awesome. A cursed pig. What a great night," I grumbled.

"Be thankful the condo's fully furnished," she fired back.

"Counting stars." I looked up and took a deep soothing breath. "Thanks Lyss."

"Anytime. Stay safe. I'll keep my phone off silent just in case you need anything alright?"

"Yup."

"Love you."

"You too." I pressed end and walked slowly back to Smith, where he was leaning against the car, his arms folded in a way that basically made his biceps look like giant rocks.

"So?" He smiled. "All set?"

"Yeah." I nodded. "They're expecting me."

His eyes narrowed but he said nothing. Instead he walked over to the paramedic truck and opened my door, helping me up into the seat. His hand hovered over the seatbelt, I could feel the heat blaring against my leg. "Are you sure you're okay?"

His eyes pierced into mine. If I wasn't so traumatized I might even have given out one of those girlish sighs. He was gorgeous. "Yeah, I'm good. Promise."

He gave a curt nod and slammed the door shut.

The ride to the condo was deathly silent. I wasn't sure if I'd done something to upset him or if he was just one of those drivers who liked silence when they drove.

"Right up there." I pointed to the end of the street.

"Do you have the key code?" he asked, rolling down his window. I'd forgotten that the community was gated. Crap!

My text alert went off. Lyss was officially my favorite cousin.

"Yup, it's 1234."

He snorted and typed it in. "Rich people."

His comment made me want to lash out. Demetri worked his butt off to have the career he had, both he and Alec were not your typical party-hard rock stars, at least not anymore. And I highly doubted a condo on the beach was going to be that extravagant.

The truck pulled up to the condo. They had the corner condo, which was right next door to a gigantic beach house that looked like it belonged on TV.

"Thanks." I jumped out of the truck and slammed the door.

"Wait!" Smith left the truck on and jumped out to follow me. "I don't feel right about leaving you here."

"I told you, they're expecting me."

"Oh yeah?" He smirked. "Who?"

"My cousin," I said evenly. "She just got engaged to Demetri-"

He held up his hand and cursed. "That jackass? Really?"

"He's not a jackass," I said lamely. "He's actually pretty cool." Wow, someone give me a medal for my lawyer skills. Lame.

"If you say so." He shook his head and shoved his hands into the front pocket of his pants. "Can I have your number though, just in case?"

I laughed. "Just in case what? I burn the condo down too?"

He didn't laugh.

He looked pissed.

"Listen." He grabbed my hands. "I'm just worried about you, okay? It doesn't even look like anyone's home. Give me your cell number and text me in the morning so I know you're alright."

"Wow," I joked. "Paramedics sure make the job personal, don't they?"

He flinched. "As a friend."

I sighed and fired off my number as he put it in his cell. "You want my number because you want to be friends?" My heart hammered in my chest.

He shook his head. "Hell no. I rarely have to fight the urge to kiss my friends."

I took a step back.

He took a step forward.

The skin on my back touched the cold brick wall of the condo as he placed his hands above my head and leaned in.

Was he going to kiss me?

His lips were a breath from mine.

I waited.

He stared.

I was afraid to breathe.

His lips brushed against mine, but then he pulled back. "See you later, friend." With that, he got in the truck and drove off, leaving me with my mouth gaping open at the taillights.

Chapter Nine

Jaymeson

Spots of sunlight broke through the curtains, landing firmly on my right eye. I turned the other way, only to have that same sun burn a freaking hole in the back of my head.

Cursing, I threw off the covers and walked to the kitchen to make myself some coffee.

It seemed to take forever for the stupid machine to brew. Never a good sign when you actually sit in front of the coffee pot and watch it brew. I might as well put my head underneath the drip so the caffeine went directly into my mouth.

Finally, it beeped. I grabbed a giant mug and shuffled over to the large balcony that overlooked the beach.

Church.

The last time I was in church was when I did a commercial for fruit snacks. The entire thing had been filmed in an old Catholic church. All I remembered was the cross in front and the fact that I got a giant stomachache from eating so much.

Great.

The crisp ocean air hit me full force as I stepped through the sliding doors and leaned against the railing.

I lifted the mug to my lips, closing my eyes as I took a long soothing sip. I groaned in ecstasy. Screw tea, I just needed coffee in my life. Only coffee.

I knew I should probably be getting ready for my day in Hell. Groaning, I turned to go back in the house, only to be stopped by the air actually leaving my lungs and refusing to go back in. Breathe, idiot! Only I couldn't, because I was actually hallucinating, and I was awake, which meant my whole nervous breakdown theory? Totally freaking accurate.

Priscilla.

Next door? She was out on the balcony, and she looked like hell. Her face was smudged with something dark and her pajamas looked like they'd been playing with the fires of hell.

"Are you alright?" I blurted without thinking.

She screamed.

Then I screamed.

She tripped.

I dropped my coffee mug over the ledge, thankfully missing anyone who might be combing the beach for shells.

"Stop screaming!" I lifted my hands into the air in peace.

She nodded, and then her eyes narrowed. Aw, shit I knew that look. Every woman has one. It's the look that says, "You. Evil. Bastard."

"Jaymeson?" Her voice was low as if my name actually made her growl.

"Yes?" I said in a higher pitched voice, hoping to even the playing field.

"What are you doing here?"

"I'm not stalking you." I laughed lamely, only stopping when her eyebrows narrowed even more. Crap! I needed to get my shit together and fast.

She crossed her arms. Closing herself off completely.

"I uh..."I scratched my head and cleared my throat. "I'm here for a few months on... holiday." Shoot me now. Shoot me now.

"Holiday?" she repeated.

"People take vacations from time to time. It's normal, for people, to uh... vacation." Seriously, I should just jump now and get it over with.

"Vacation." Her teeth ground together as her jaw flexed.

"Yeah." I bit my lip and nodded as I slowly approached the railing closest to her, we were separated by two feet, maybe three.

"Here?"

"My thoughts exactly," I grumbled.

That brought a smile to her face. "Well, welcome back." She gave a curt nod and started to walk back toward the door.

"Pris-" I yelled. "Are you okay?"

She turned, her eyebrows drew together as she pressed her lips together. "What do you mean?"

I nodded. "Your clothes, and face, you just, you look like you had a rough night, I just wanted to make sure I didn't need to kick anyone's ass."

She rolled her eyes. "If you need an ass to kick just look in the mirror, Jaymeson. Make it easy on yourself."

Ouch.

The sliding glass door clicked shut.

And I was left without my hot coffee and without my balls. Because clearly she still held them in a viselike grip that made me want to both bow down and run screaming at the same time.

Cursing, I stomped back into the house and grabbed my phone, pulling up our instant messaging.

Me: Morning beautiful. How'd you sleep?

Priscilla S: Good.

Me: Just good?

Priscilla S: Until the fire.

Me: WTF!

I swear my heart started pounding so hard I thought I was going to have a heart attack; I started pacing waiting for her reply.

Priscilla S: It was fine. I mean, I'm fine. I'm going to go back to the house this morning and grab some clothes so that I have something to wear, I'll collect my stuff, call my parents... it will be fine.

It seemed like she was trying to convince herself that she was fine, even when she wasn't. I knew that trick. I used it all the time. Pasting a smile on your face and saying something over and over again did not actually make it true.

Me: What can I do to help?

Priscilla S: Show me how to use my coffee maker? I'm at a friend's house until I can go back to mine and everything is way too high tech.

Me: Wish I could help but I'm in LA L

Priscilla S: Wish me luck!

Me: Good luck.

I threw the phone onto the couch and stared at it. I was doing a lot of that lately. Staring at things, as if they would suddenly start talking back to me and give me advice on my crappy life.

I threw on a pair of jeans and a white T-shirt, grabbed my keys so I didn't lock myself out, and ran over to the condo, the whole time my brain chanted, What the hell, man, what the hell, but I told my brain to shut up.

She needed help.

I could reign in the lust.

And this didn't mean I was proposing. I laughed aloud. I was just helping, and if I just so happened to see her smile or maybe get caught staring at her ass? Bonus. That's all it was, a freaking bonus.

I knocked twice.

She answered, in the same smoke-stained PJs.

"Jaymeson, I have a really busy day and-"

I side-stepped her and walked into the condo. I'd gone with Demetri and Lyss when they'd picked out furniture and everything else in the place. I also knew that Lyss had an entire closet full of clothes that she could care less if Pris wore.

I made it a few steps into the house and turned. "You coming or not?"

"Huh?" She slammed the door. "You can't just waltz into people's houses and-"

"I didn't." I grinned. "Besides, it's not your house. Now do you want help or not?"

"Help?"

"Stop repeating what I say before I lose my damn mind. I'm English not Russian. I barely have an accent. Do I really need to talk slower?"

She shook her head as blush stained her cheeks. Damn it. Curses, curses, lots and lots of curses. I loved that blush, I loved it way more than I loved coffee and that was saying a lot. I almost cried when I realized I was out after my cup took a leap off the ledge.

Clearing my throat, I looked away. "Follow me."

I walked into the master bedroom like a man on a mission. The bed didn't even look slept in. Did she sleep on the couch or the spare bedroom? Why wouldn't she sleep in the nice room?

Shrugging, I stormed into the walk-in closet and pulled out a pair of leggings, boots, T-shirt, and grey cardigan, then made my way over to the sock drawer, and dug out a bra and panties as well as a scarf.

I heaved the clothes onto the bed and crossed my arms. "Problem solved."

Priscilla nibbled her bottom lip. "I can't wear her clothes, it wouldn't be right and-"

I rolled my eyes. "AD2 brought in over twenty million on endorsements alone last year. Believe me when I say Alyssa can afford to loan you some clothes."

Priscilla's eyes widened.

I was being rude, curt, direct. Normally I was smooth but being smooth with this girl? Yeah, it meant me not keeping my pants on. And I really, really needed to keep my pants on lest she find a sharp knife and end my future.

With slow movements, Priscilla reached for the clothes and felt them between her fingers as if she'd never felt clothes before in her entire life.

"They don't feel like mine," she whispered.

I rolled my eyes. "I know they don't feel like yours but you have to wear something. You can't walk around in your smoke-damaged PJs."

"No." She laughed softly. "I didn't mean that. I just meant they're softer than mine, you can tell they're expensive."

I didn't know what to say to that. I really had no words, because I'd never actually been in a position where I was wearing any type of clothing that wasn't expensive. It made me feel like an ass - a regular occurrence around Priscilla.

She stared at the clothes like they were precious.

Nobody had ever stared at me like that - nobody but her. And I'd broken her heart. Clearing my throat, I scratched my head and started backing out of the room. "Take a shower, put on the clean clothes, and I'll see about getting you some breakfast."

"What?" She whirled around so fast I thought she was going to pull a muscle. "What do you mean breakfast?"

"Glad you asked." I smirked. "Breakfast is a derivative of the idea to break one's fast -considering all night you fast and then-"

"Still an ass, aren't you?"

"You said ass." I chuckled.

"Make me breakfast."

"Oh, so now she wants breakfast," I teased.

"Better than an etymology lesson," she said sweetly.

"Touche." My smile hurt it was so big. "I'll just be in the kitchen... breakfasting."

"And a verb, nice," she called back as I danced into the kitchen. It took me an entire five minutes to settle down and another five to remind myself who I was and why I was there.

She's not for you. My brain reminded me.

And my heart, once again, went on lockdown.

Chapter Ten

Priscilla

I'd slept on the couch, so the hot shower did wonders for my sore muscles. I'd felt guilty sleeping on their bed or even in the guest room. Everything was so white and pristine - I hated to ruin it with my presence. It just felt... wrong. And they were nice enough to let me stay.

Unfortunately, Jaymeson did have a point - curse him. I needed to put on some clothes. As it was, I was already going to have to call a taxi or walk back to my house so I could grab my car. I hated to do that in PJ's that looked like I'd just survived a building collapse.

How did he know it was smoke, anyway?

I wrapped the towel around my body and grabbed my old PJ's and sniffed. Yeah they reeked of smoke. No wonder. He probably couldn't stand the sight or smell of me. How great. One of the most famous movie stars in the known world had not only rejected me with disgust but had now seen me at my worst.

Shaking, I leaned against the sink and looked into the mirror.

Big brown eyes stared back at me. They looked afraid. I felt afraid. Honestly, Jaymeson freaked me out more than the fire. I was alone with him and he was... cooking. It just... it seemed weird. He didn't strike me as the hero type, which meant that this was his way of apologizing or he was trying to get into my pants. Again.

I closed my eyes and took a few deep breaths. I could do this. I could put on clothes, walk out of the bathroom, and face him.

My entire reaction was stupid. On the outside it seemed like he didn't affect me, I did it on purpose because he was the type that looks for a chink in someone's armor. Jaymeson appeared like a goofy player just out for a good time, but he was way too perceptive for his own good. If he saw weakness, even a brief weakness, he'd pounce. And I'd somehow end up rejected again - especially when I didn't give him what he wanted - sex.

I toweled off and quickly, threw on the clothes, then finger combed my hair. I searched a few drawers and finally found a hair tie so I could put the wet mess into a ponytail.

When I was finished I stared at the door for a good five seconds.

I'd always believed myself to be really calm and collected. I think everyone assumes that when they meet a movie star or someone famous - that they won't lose their heads and go crazy, but it's hard. Especially when someone like Jamie Jaymeson was standing in front of you.

It was impossible not to stare.

Believe me, I'd tried.

But he was beautiful. At around six-foot-three, he was the perfect mix of height and muscle. His skin was bronzed but not too much, and he had the clearest green eyes I'd ever seen in my entire life. His hair was usually on the longer side, constantly pushed behind his ears, but he'd cut it since I'd last seen him. It was still long, but one side of his head was shaved, revealing a tattoo on his neck and a piercing in his ear that I hadn't noticed before. His wavy dark hair fell over part of his face, shading it so that he looked even sexier.

He was just a guy - just another human being.

Just like me.

I pep talked myself for another few minutes then opened the door and waltzed into the kitchen.

The minute I saw him, I froze.

Scratch that.

He was nothing like me.

A pink apron that said, "Naked Chef," was tied around his waist and he was humming.

Holy crap! Jamie Jaymeson was in the kitchen, cooking me breakfast and humming. My mouth dropped open as he swayed his hips and then hummed something that sounded suspiciously like an AD2 song.

"Oh." He turned around as he flipped a pancake into the air. "You're here."

"Pancakes?" I pointed at the stove. "How the heck did you find pancakes?"

"I'm an explorer at heart." He grinned. "I rummaged through cupboards, looking high and low, and when I was just about to give up... brilliance struck."

"Oh, yeah?"

"Yeah." He shrugged. "I went next door to my stocked pantry and pulled out what I needed."

"Smart."

"Is that a compliment?"

"Probably to someone like you." I smiled sweetly.

He winked. "Thanks, love."

I froze.

Love? That's what Jamie Hudson called me.

"What?" Jaymeson flipped the pancake into the air again. "Don't tell me you have a gluten allergy."

"No." I shook my head. "It wasn't that. You know what? Never mind." I reached for my phone and sent a quick message to Jamie.

Me: All is well, found some clothes. You around?

As soon as the message sent. Jaymeson dropped the skillet onto the stove making the loudest bang of all time.

"Sorry." He cursed and grabbed a plate. "It slipped."

"It's okay."

His face reddened a bit as he scooped up a pancake and put it on one of the plates then shoved some syrup in my direction. "Be right back."

He left me alone with the most amazing looking golden pancakes. My mouth started watering as I poured the syrup over the yummy goodness. How did he even know how to cook? Didn't people do that for him?

My Facebook alert went off.

Jamie Hudson: Sorry, I was surfing.

Me: Rough life.

Jamie Hudson: Catch you on the next wave...

I smiled and set the phone onto the counter.

"Something amusing?" Jaymeson said interrupting my girlish moment.

"Nothing you would understand." I forked a large bite of pancake and stuffed it into my mouth.

He leaned his muscled arms against the counter and tilted his head. "Try me."

"It's nothing," I said, mouth full.

He grinned.

Holy crap, that grin alone made me feel hot all over.

"Stop smiling," I snapped.

Jaymeson's smile only widened. "So, tell me about him."

"How do you know it's a him?" I took another bite of pancake and chewed. Holy pancakes, what the crap did he put in those? Legal addictants? They were so good!

"The smile." He sighed and piled five pancakes onto his own plate. "That smile screams crush."

"I'm eighteen. I don't crush."

"Age reminder, nice." He winced.

"And how old are you again?" I twirled my fork into the air. "Twenty-three going on forty?"

"Eat your damn pancakes." He hit my fork with his and dug in like he hadn't eaten in ten years.

"Uh, hungry?"

"Starved." He barely took a breath as he devoured three pancakes in less than a few minutes.

I finished my last pancake only to get another one tossed onto my plate.

I glared.

"What?" He shrugged. "You're too skinny. And I know skinny. I live in the skinny capital of the world. You need to get fatter."

"Tell me..." I stabbed the pancake imagining it was his face. "Does that line work on every girl?"

"Sweetheart, the girls I screw think laxatives are one of the five food groups."

"Gross."

He snorted and stuffed another pancake into his mouth.

"Eat," he said between bites.

I cut another piece of pancake.

"Is he hotter than me?" Jaymeson asked.

I dropped my fork.

"So that's a no." He gave me a smug smile.

"You have syrup on your face." I pointed to his cheek.

"I know." He scowled and rubbed his face. "And you lie."

Shrugging, I answered, "Could have sworn I saw some."

"So, he's ugly?" Jaymeson cleared his throat.

"Why are we talking right now?"

His grin seriously had the power to melt the clothes right off my body. "Aw, love, would you rather be doing something else?"

"Stop being creepy," I said breathlessly.

"Is that why your pulse picked up?" He leaned in. "Because I'm creepy."

"Fear," I blurted. "Fear makes a person's heart race."

"I don't doubt you're afraid." He bit down hard onto his pancake and chewed, his tongue licking his full lips so slow it was almost hypnotic. "I'm just trying to figure out if you're afraid of me or yourself."

"Myself?"

Ignoring me, he checked his watch and cursed. "We gotta go."

"We? Since when did we become a we?"

"Since I rescued your naked ass this morning."

"I was not naked-"

"You looked like death."

I blushed and looked down, nothing like having People's Sexiest Man Alive two years running telling you that you looked like death.

"Hey." Suddenly he was in front of me; his fingertips grazed my chin, forcing me to look into his smoldering eyes. "I didn't mean you looked like death as in you're not beautiful. I meant you looked like you had a rough night. Trust me, you could get run over by a dump truck and I'd still think you were the most gorgeous thing I'd ever seen."

I jerked away from his touch. "We should, uh, go." I needed a reality check... fast. The church was waiting and so was my burnt house.

"Yeah." He cursed. "We should."

Chapter Eleven

Jaymeson

I told Pris to give me ten minutes. I ran back to my house and brushed my teeth, grabbed my keys, wallet, phone, and sunglasses then briefly contemplated running my face through the glass window.

What the hell was wrong with me? I'd come on to her! I'd basically hit on her! After she survived a freaking house fire! Groaning, I banged my head against the door a few times, maybe the pain would make my lust die down.

But she had been beautiful.

And in my experience, there was nothing worse than an insecure girl and the last thing I wanted was to be the reason for her to feel anything less than what she was. She was gorgeous and she needed to know it.

It hadn't been a line.

I wasn't trying to peel her clothes from her body while I said it - which should be evidence enough that it was true.

"Shit." I hit the door one last time with my hand, then opened it and ran out front.

Priscilla was leaning against the railing staring at my car like it was a spaceship. "Is that yours?"

"If I say yes will you condemn me to hell for spending six figures on a car?" I asked, unlocking the doors. Hopefully it would start after it had been sitting for two months. Demetri had let me park it at their condo which was convenient since the beach house I was renting was next door.

She laughed. She actually laughed. Holy shit, she thought I was hilarious. I swear I felt wings sprout from my body - I was flying.

Holy. Hell.

I was a loser.

"I like cars." She said it so softly, so quietly, I almost didn't catch it.

"Pardon?"

She rolled her eyes. "Stop making me repeat myself for your own benefit. I like cars, okay?"

"Quiz time." I opened my own door and let her in. "Engine type. You have five seconds. Go."

"Five point two liter V-10 engine with five hundred twenty-five horsepower and three hundred ninety-one pound feet of torque. With an engine based on a Lamborghini, I'm surprised you haven't wrecked it already."

And I just had an orgasm.

No joke. Document the moment because Jamie Jaymeson just got off without getting naked or having sex.

"Lucky guess," I croaked, my body demanding I shut the damn car off and pull the innocent little princess into my lap.

"What?" She laughed. "You surprised?"

"Something like that." I closed my eyes.

"Dude!" She smacked my arm. "The road?"

"Oh right, what am I thinking?" Insert awkward laugh here as I tell parts of my anatomy to behave. It's been too damn long. That's the only reason I was even contemplating touching her.

I moved my arm so it was resting on the middle console and nudged her slightly.

Brilliant. I'd lost my bloody mind and officially turned into a fourteen-year-old with his first girlfriend all in the span of five minutes. I just wanted to touch her skin, even if it meant that it was by way of my elbow grazing her forearm, that was how desperate my body was.

I cleared my throat.

It was my body.

Nothing else was engaged.

Not possible.

I took a left at the stop sign. Ready to bring up any subject in order to kill the tense silence, I opened my mouth as her phone went off.

She answered it on the first ring.

"Uh huh... No, no, I got a ride." Silence. "Oh, that's sweet." She sighed.

Are you freaking kidding me? She sighed? It wasn't a normal sigh either. It was a girl sigh, the type girls get when they tilt their heads to the side and give you screw-me eyes.

She giggled.

I was going to rain a shit-storm on whoever was on the other end of that line.

"Thanks. That's nice of you. Yeah, we'll be there in a few minutes. Aw, you didn't have to do that."

Murder. I was going to murder him, slowly, painfully, with my hands around his neck and I'd smile. Yup, I'd smile, and I'd go to prison still smiling as he kept his grimy hands off of what was mine.

Mine?

I slammed on the brakes.

"Holy crap!" Pris screamed. "No, no, sorry... Yeah, I'm okay. My driver must have gone temporarily blind."

So now I was the driver.

I'd been demoted from breakfast maker to driver.

Might as well put a stamp across my forehead that said bitch.

"Yup, we're pulling up now."

She hung up the phone as I turned into her driveway. The only reason I knew where she lived was because I'd gone to her house the day I left for LA to apologize, only to find out that she wasn't home.

In all her excitement to see whomever the hell she'd been talking to, she hadn't even given me directions. How's that for being stalkerish?

"Who was that?" I asked when she pressed end, still smiling.

"Oh." She looked at me and blushed. I almost kissed her then. I almost reached across the seat, jerked her head toward mine and burned the memory of my lips onto hers. But a knock came at the window.

A tall, muscular guy stood on the outside, opening her car door like he was freaking Prince Charming. "Pris, did things work out last night?"

I got out of the car and glared. I didn't care if the guy was the next pope or Mother Theresa's long lost cousin. He was on my shit list. Because he'd made Pris smile. And I'd done nothing but irritate her all morning. Oh yeah, and hit on her. Wow, negative points for Jaymeson. Nice.

"Hey." The jackass held out his hand. "I'm Smith."

"Jaymeson," I said tightly, my eyes narrowing as he squeezed my hand a little harder than necessary. I wasn't ever the type of guy to be violent, but I swear to all that is holy if I'd had a gun, I would have pulled it, no hesitation. The guy just screamed player.

Players knew players. I could spot them a mile away; it was like looking in a mirror that didn't have the same reflection, just the same mannerisms. And this guy? Yeah, a million bucks said he wanted a quick screw and nothing more.

"How's the house?" Priscilla asked, clearing her throat.

"Pretty bad." The Smith guy winced. "We're lucky the neighbors called when they did. They saw smoke coming out of the basement windows and got worried when the smoke alarms didn't go off."

Priscilla's face went white as a ghost.

I reached out to her but was intercepted by a cold shoulder from Smith as he gripped her hand and squeezed. "Hey, it's okay, I hope you don't mind but I've already gone through the house and grabbed your purse and keys. You should probably call your parents so they can get hold of the insurance company."

Priscilla nodded, but I could tell something was off. Her eyes pooled with tears. "Um, how much damage do you think it did? Money-wise?"

Smith whistled. "If I was ballparking it? I don't know, sweetheart."

I clenched my fists.

"The electrical needs to be totally redone, the basement has gone to hell, and everything needs to be cleaned from smoke damage. I'd say at least ten grand, and that's low-balling it."

Her lower lip trembled. "Okay."

I watched the exchange with interest, my eyes scanning Priscilla's face for more clues into why she was freaking out. It had to be the money. My guess? They didn't have insurance.

"No worries!" Smith smiled. "Insurance will take care of everything."

"You're right." Her smile was forced. "I'll try not to worry."

"Great." He licked his lips and looked between me and Pris. "So can I give you a ride or-"

"I've got it," I interrupted, stepping up to her side. "I'm renting the place right next door to where she's staying. Plus, I'm kind of responsible for her."

I felt a sharp elbow to the stomach as Priscilla laughed awkwardly. "Uh-huh, like a big brother. Right, Jaymeson?"

Oh look, my balls, they're flying away.

"Right." My nostrils flared so big with irritation that I actually saw them flare, in front of my face.

"That's so cute." Smith crossed his arms. Really, dude? Trying to show off the muscles? Too obvious.

"That's me," I said crisply. "Cute."

Smith nodded then looked behind me. "Nice ride. Your dad buy that for you?"

"Thanks," I said in an even voice. "And no, I work for a living. The last thing he bought me was a toy truck when I was three."

Wow way'ta make it more awkward.

"So..." Priscilla clapped her hands. "My purse? Keys?"

Smith nodded, not breaking eye contact with me. "In my truck. I just assumed you'd be too shaken up to drive around today so I was going to offer my services, but since you already have a ride-"

"I'd love a ride to the church."

I opened my mouth to argue but Pris hit me across the chest. "I'd have Jaymeson take me, but I don't want him getting struck by lightning his first day in Seaside."

They both laughed.

I, however, invented new curse words while Smith wrapped his arm around something that wasn't his, and led her toward his truck.

"Thanks, Jaymeson," Pris called behind her. "I'll see you later."

"Yup," I yelled back. "You sure will."

I didn't miss the shit-eating grin plastered across Smith's ugly face as he opened her door and gave me a small wave.

I flipped him off.

Not a proud moment.

He shook his head and laughed harder.

Game on.

Chapter Twelve

Priscilla

I had to get away from him. Everything about Jaymeson screamed sex, and considering I was turning over a new leaf and trying really hard not to think about him - I had to escape. Even if it meant getting into a truck with a guy I barely knew. At least he was hot. And Smith? He was a sure thing. An attractive local guy who actually looked at me with interest.

Jaymeson would eventually leave.

I couldn't get close to him. My heart had about shattered when he left last time and we'd only shared one kiss. My mind couldn't wrap around the pain that would take hold if we shared more than that and he abandoned me. I wouldn't be able to take it. Some people are built for relationships. They're strong, they learn from their mistakes, and they move on. I knew myself well - I wasn't one of those girls. I was a lifer. I was the type of girl that put every part of her heart and soul into something and gave until it hurt. I knew that if I gave Jaymeson an inch, he'd take everything.

And I wasn't sure if I would ever be the same girl if I took that risk - besides, he wanted a bed partner. I just wanted a date!

"So..." Smith turned down the main road. "You keep pretty famous company."

I smiled. "Comes with the territory. Does that bother you?"

"No." He shook his head. "I just don't really care for arrogant pricks with fake accents. Plus his last movie blew."

"His accent isn't fake." Right, that's how I go about defending him? I didn't want to admit that his last movie was my favorite.

"Whatever, let's not talk about him." Smith gripped the steering wheel, so hard his knuckles turned white. "So I was thinking..."

"Yeah?"

"We should hang out."

"You mean when there isn't a fire, right?" I teased.

"Yeah." His gleaming smile made my stomach flip as we came to a stoplight and he turned his full attention to me. "How about dinner?"

"I-" Why wasn't I jumping at the opportunity? "Just dinner?"

"Yes." He gave me a lazy smile. "That is unless you would rather have lunch, I mean, lunch is cool too."

"Stop teasing me." I looked away as he shifted the car into gear again.

"Why stop?" He pulled to the next stoplight and reached for my hand. "When you're so much fun to tease?" He leaned across the console.

Someone honked behind us.

I turned around and saw Jaymeson wave wildly into the air.

"Shit! Is he following us?" Smith looked in the rearview mirror and rolled his eyes.

"Doubtful." I sighed. "He has more important things to do." Like find another girl to screw.

"Right."

The truck pulled into the church parking lot. The good news was I only had a day's worth of donations to organize and then I would be done with the entire drive!

"You need help today?" Smith asked turning off the truck. "I can come in on my lunch hour."

"Nah, the Chamber's sending a volunteer. We'll be fine."

"Alright." He rubbed the back of his neck. "I uh, I'll call you later tonight?"

"I'd like that."

His smile was huge as he jumped back into the truck and took off.

"I'd like that," a voice said behind me, mimicking what I'd just said.

Slowly, I turned.

There was Jaymeson, in all his glory. "Hi, I'm the hot volunteer. Make me your slave."

"You've got to be kidding me."

"Who says God doesn't have a sense of humor, right?" He wrapped his arm around my shoulders and led me toward the church. "Best. Day. Ever."

Chapter Thirteen

Jaymeson

Priscilla rolled her eyes and unlocked the front doors to the church. She held the door open, waiting for me to walk through.

I froze.

"You coming?" she asked in an irritated voice.

"Sure." I stood still. "Just... preparing myself."

"For what?"

"Judgment day."

Priscilla let out a heavy sigh. "God doesn't smite whores. If He did, you'd already be dead." She grabbed my hand and tugged me through the door.

I would be lying if I said I actually kept my eyes open. Instead, I squeezed them shut and waited for lightning to strike.

"See?" She released my hand. "You're in one piece!"

A light fixture chose that exact moment to fall onto my head.

Priscilla screamed and stumbled backward.

"Holy shit!" I jumped out of the way and pressed my body against Priscilla's, slamming us against the wall.

My heart damn near burst free from my chest as I hovered over her, still trying to figure out if that was a sign or just an unfortunate coincidence.

"You gonna be okay?" she whispered softly, her lips curving into a teasing smile. Damn, I wanted to bite those lips again. Correction, I wanted to bruise them with mine.

"Yeah." My voice was hoarse, forced. "Californians... you know how we are with earthquakes."

"Earthquake my ass." She laughed.

My eyes widened. "Sinner. You just said ass in church."

"You said shit and you've slept with at least half your Twitter followers. Pretty sure if there's a choice of who goes to Hell the scale's going to tip toward you, my friend."

"Think you're funny, don't you?"

"Hilarious." She stepped out from underneath my body and started walking briskly down the hall. "Come along, slave, we have work to do."

"When you say work, you mean-"

"I mean we have boxes to organize."

"Allow me a moment to reign in my excitement." I paused for a minute and then lifted my hand in a lame fist pump. "I can't wait."

"I knew you'd be excited," she called from up ahead. "Now keep up."

"It's not a race," I grumbled under my breath as I jogged after her.

****

When the girl said she had boxes to organize, I'd somehow thought it would be ten.

Not thirty.

The boxes ranged from diapers to shoes to clothes to books. And each one of them needed to be labeled and organized for The Goodwill.

After box ten I announced, "I'm bored."

"Because you're not drinking and having sex?" Pris fired back without looking at me.

"Yes." I rolled my eyes and taped the box shut. "Because it's humanly possible to have sex twenty-four seven while drinking."

And silence.

"What?" I snorted. "Nothing to say to that?"

"Oh sorry. I didn't know you were being sarcastic." She turned around and gave me another one of her silly grins, the ones that made me want to jump into her head and find out what about me made her laugh so damn hard. Was I that much of a joke?

"I miss work," I said breaking eye contact. "I miss fake guns, jumping out of cars, saving the damsel, and working for the CIA."

It was true. I did. But most of all? I missed the feeling of accomplishment that my job gave me. It wasn't that I was against donating my time to fill boxes, I was just used to more going on. I didn't do vacations. I didn't do relaxation time. The last time I vacationed it was forced, because technically it was a working vacation here in Seaside.

Vacations made me feel insecure - they made me feel like I was going to fall off everyone's radar. If I wasn't seen and heard, how would I get cast?

"Hey." Pris nudged me. I jumped a foot. "You okay? I asked you if you wanted to take a break for lunch and you completely ignored me."

"Uh, yeah." I taped the box she was holding and nodded. "Sorry, I guess I'm tired or something."

"Box taping." She winked. "Does that to a person."

"Right." I forced a laugh. "So does that mean I get to take you to lunch?"

She tucked a few pieces of dark hair behind her ears, as a blush stained her cheeks. "Well, I mean, we can just go grab something really quick or-"

"Or you can stop trying to think of an excuse to not spend time with me, and let me take you to lunch. All things considering, I probably owe you a lifetime of meals after the way things went down a few months ago-"

"Let's not." She lifted her hand. "Let's not go there, okay? Just leave it." Her shoulders slumped just slightly - enough for me to know that the subject was that hard for her to talk about.

And it was my fault.

"Alright," I said slowly. "Let's go, I know a place."

"Oh yeah? The great Jaymeson knows a place? In Seaside?"

I smiled and wrapped my arm around her shoulder. "Just you wait, love, just you wait."

Instead of getting into my car and driving somewhere, I decided it would be way more fun to walk and talk. Right, I know, you heard it here. Jamie Jaymeson had just grown ovaries.

True story.

I wanted to talk.

The last time I actually voluntarily talked to a woman without intentions of getting her into bed: Kindergarten.

"I love this place!" Pris touched my shoulder and then walked up the stairs ahead of me.

My damn shoulder was in heaven. Seriously, I could feel the heat from her fingertips, and I was convinced that if I stripped right then and there - a mark from her touch would make itself known on my skin.

"Come on!" she yelled ahead of me.

"Yeah, yeah."

The waitress met us at the door. "Just sit wherever you want! I'll bring you some menus."

"Seaside Brewery," I read the sign. "Best beer in town."

"Oh yeah?" Pris tilted her head. "What's it like?"

"What's what like?" I leaned forward, you know to hear her better, it had absolutely nothing to do with the fact that I was trying to smell her perfume, or kiss her, or you know, touch her face. Bloody freaking hell, her lips were pretty.

"Beer," she whispered.

It was adorable.

I probably had the dopiest grin on my face, but I couldn't help it. Her innocence wasn't just shocking, it was invigorating. It made me wonder what else she didn't know about, and it pissed me off that anyone else would dare introduce her to new things. It should be me. Only me.

"Like shit," I answered honestly. "It's kind of like coffee. An acquired taste, but once you get used to it, you can discover the different types of wheat and grain used in beer as well as flavors used to make it."

"Really?" Her nose scrunched up.

"Really." There went that damn grin again. Hold it together man!

"So, it tastes like... wheat?"

I laughed aloud. The waitress brought us two dinner menus and placed them on the table. "No, love, it doesn't taste like wheat."

"Grain?" Her nose scrunched even more.

"It tastes like..." I paused. "Tell you what. I'll let you taste it."

"No!" She put her hands out in front of her and whispered, "That's illegal."

"Holy shit." I covered my face with my hands and laughed. "I seriously want to take you home with me, and not in the way you're thinking - I mean, yeah that's crossed my mind several times." Her eyes narrowed. "Oh please, I'm still me. I'm just saying, you're so damn adorable. Remind me why we can't live together?"

"You're a whore."

"Please."

"It's a sin."

"Come on."

"You'd die without sex."

"I'm not that weak."

"I'm eighteen."

"Low blow."

She gave me a saucy grin and picked up her menu. "So what's good?"

"Everything." I licked my lips. "Every damn thing. And I'm getting you beer. Actually I'm getting me beer and praying I don't get arrested for letting you taste it. And if I were you, I'd go for the fish and chips. You can never go wrong with fish and chips at a pub."

"Sold." She dropped the menu and reached for her water. I'd be lying if I said I didn't watch her lips squeeze around the straw and feel that particular squeeze all the way down to my pinky toes.

The waitress walked up and took our orders. As promised, I ordered one of their Oktoberfest beers for Pris to try.

When it came she stared at it.

"Love, it's not going to bite."

"No, that's your job, right?" She rolled her eyes and smirked.

While I gripped the table so hard I'd probably wake up with splinters in each finger. Bite. Why the hell did I have to say bite?

My laugh was lame.

My body was tighter than a drum.

I released one claw from the table and scooted the beer over to her. "One sip. I don't think you'll like it, but everyone should try it once."

"Okay." She picked up the beer and sniffed it, then sniffed it again, then looked into the cup.

I rolled my eyes. "It's not a date. You don't have to check it out first, just drink."

She closed her eyes and lifted the glass to her lips, taking the smallest sip known to humanity. And then her eyes opened, and she took another sip.

Her smile was wide as she set the beer down and laughed. "It's good!"

"What?" I swear to all that is holy if that woman smiles at me one more time I'm going to lose my mind.

"I, um..." There went that damn blush. Be ugly, for crying out loud! "I kind of like it."

"Does this mean that I can introduce you to more brews in the future? Make a big deal out of it, have some taste testing?"

"Depends." She seemed to retreat back into herself. "Are you going to invite more skanks to join in on the party?"

The arrow hit dead center. I leaned back in my chair and cursed, looking away, unable to actually make eye contact because the shame was that hateful.

"I'm sorry," I said softly, still not looking at her. "I have no excuse for my behavior, only that I'm an ass. To be fair, you were warned."

I stole a glance.

And wrong thing to say.

I back peddled. "But that doesn't make it right, or better, or any less, awful." I reached for my beer and took another gulp. "For what it's worth, I've felt like an absolute ass ever since and almost called you so many times, to say..."

"What?" Pris's eyes bore into mine. "To say what?"

"Sorry," I whispered. "To say sorry."

"Apology accepted." She grinned. "And yes I would love to taste more. It could actually be really fun. You know? As friends? I've never had a guy friend before."

She was talking so fast my mind was having trouble catching up with what she was saying.

She just accepted my apology? No reprimand? No tears?

And what the hell? Now I was in the friend zone?

How? How did that happen? How had I let it?

Our food arrived.

I wanted to smash my face into it.

"So, how about it?" Pris reached across the table. "Friends?"

Hell no.

Never.

Because if I was her friend; I couldn't screw her. If I was her friend, I couldn't kick Smith's ass for stealing my girl. If I was her friend, any possibility of being more than that - slowly diminished into nothingness.

My only excuse for reaching across the table and shaking her damn hand, was because for once in my life...

The sacrifice was worth the reward.

If I didn't agree to it, I'd lose her.

And I wasn't ready for that.

"Sure." I gripped her small hand in mine. "Friends."

Chapter Fourteen

Priscilla

Jaymeson refused to let me pay even when I offered. Then he said something about how the least he could do is pay for my lunch... as a friend. Only the way he said friend made my entire body go into shock mode.

I swear he said the word like an expletive.

As if it was poison he needed to eradicate from his body.

I only hoped it was the word, not the meaning behind it. A guy like him would never be interested in a relationship. It seemed the only smart thing to do was to let him know where I stood. I could be a friend. Friend meant safe. Friend meant I could date and not think about him anymore.

Besides, he apologized.

Which meant, he was successfully off my radar as a romantic interest. It was only the hurt feelings that kept my brain mulling over our kiss on the beach and his rejection of me.

That was it.

"Pris..." Jaymeson stood. "I'm going to use the restroom then I guess we should go back to the boxes?"

"Sure." I offered a smile and shoved another fry into my mouth.

He knocked on the table and walked off toward the restrooms. I had to keep myself from laughing. It sounded stupid, but I mean, celebrities? They were just like everyone else. Sure they were mega-talented and good-looking. But they still had to use the bathroom, they still got food stuck in their teeth, which Jaymeson would totally discover once he went to the bathroom.

That had been my payback.

I laughed again as my cell went off.

My dad had sent a text.

Dad: How you holdin' up?

Me: Great.

I was totally lying but I didn't want him to know - not yet. He'd been under so much stress lately, and I wanted to see if I could take care of things first. I stared at my phone like it held all of answers to life questions and nearly dropped it when my Facebook messenger went off.

Jamie Hudson: What'cha doin'?

Me: Finishing lunch.

Jamie Hudson: Ooh, what did you have? I'm a huge foodie. Tell me. Every. Detail.

Me: Fish and Chips, but I TRIED BEER!

Jamie Hudson: Naughty girl. I should call your parents.

Me: You don't know them. Not a solid threat.

Jamie Hudson: The police?

Me: The chief goes to our church.

Jamie Hudson: I'm fresh out of ideas.

Me: It tasted good.

Jamie Hudson: Of course it did. It's alcohol.

Me: Very funny.

Jamie Hudson: J I thought so.

Me: What are you doing?

Jamie Hudson: I just got done eating and now I'm getting ready for work.

Me: Oh yeah? What do you do? I mean, other than surf.

Jamie Hudson: You mean what do I do other than talk to a beautiful girl I've never met?

I felt my cheeks heat.

Me: Yeah.

Jamie Hudson: I work in the film industry.

Me: Doing what?

He didn't respond right away. I waited for his message for a few seconds before almost clicking out of messenger.

Jamie Hudson: Sorry, dog was barking, things like that distract me. Um, I've done some directing and screen writing.

Me: Like writing scripts?

Jamie Hudson: It's fun.

Me: Have you written anything I've ever seen?

Jamie Hudson: I sure hope so! Sorry, gotta run, work calls! See you later, sweetheart.

"Ready?" Jaymeson said, snapping me out of my smiley gaze. I dropped the phone onto the table.

"Yeah."

"Who was that?" he asked curiously, dipping his hands into his pockets.

"No one." I licked my lips.

Jaymeson rolled his eyes. "Right, and I'm not famous."

"Ha ha."

"No seriously." He scooted our chairs in and placed his hand on the small of my back as he led me out of the restaurant. "We're friends now, friends share with friends. I mean, I don't want to you to paint my fingernails or put makeup on me or anything, but you can discuss guys with me. I do happen to be one."

"No way!" I snapped my fingers. "I had no idea."

"Don't make me take my pants off."

"Feeling threatened?" My eyebrows arched as I crossed my arms and waited for his answer.

He took a step toward me, towering over my body. "Never."

"Oh yeah? Why's that?"

"Easy." He stepped away and winked. "I've seen myself naked. Oh, and I'm awesome."

"Cocky."

"Only when I need to be." He grinned.

"I feel like there's a hidden perverted meaning there and I'm going to choose to ignore it so your face doesn't end up on the opposite end of my palm."

"Wow." He looked both ways then raced with me across the street. "I didn't get slapped, but I could have sworn I just felt it."

"I'm magic."

Jaymeson stopped. His hair fell over his eye making me itch to push it back, you know to help him, um... see better.

"That, I believe." He opened the door to the church and let me go in first. For being such a whore, he really did have amazing manners. He'd done the same thing at the restaurant and even pulled out my chair like we were at some fancy restaurant in Portland.

"So, boxes." We both faced the tower of boxes we had left to do. "Tell you what..." He turned to me. "Every box I finish, you have to tell me details about lover boy."

"Lover boy? Are you ten?"

"Deal or no deal?"

"Deal." I rolled my eyes. "At least it will keep things interesting, and since you are a guy, you can give me really good advice on how to not be boring."

Jaymeson froze then dropped the box onto the floor and turned around to face me. "Don't ever call yourself that. Rule number one, if a guy says you're boring he's a jackass. If every fiber of his being isn't focused on you - especially when you first start dating - you run. You don't make excuses for his inability to pay attention. You don't put yourself down. You run, and you don't look back. Okay?"

"Whoa, that it, Dad?"

Jaymeson scowled. "And say no to drugs."

"Wow. You're the definition of wisdom."

"I try." He turned back around. "Now I'm going to work my ass off so I get more details. I want to know what type of guy just turned that pretty little head of yours."

I didn't respond.

But he'd called me pretty.

The funny thing? I actually sort of believed him.

Chapter Fifteen

Jaymeson

"Box ten is done and all I know about this boy - don't scowl, he's a boy until I say he's a man - is that he works for the film industry. Lame."

"Lame?" Pris got down on all fours and pushed the heavy box toward the wall. Her back arched. My mouth went dry. She grunted.

I looked away and almost had a freaking seizure. No joke. I swear I almost had an episode.

"Don't you work in the film industry?"

"I'm the talent." I shrugged. "Totally different scenario."

"How so?" She got off the floor - thank God - and started packing up another box.

"Because." Oh wow, great answer Jaymeson, hitting it out of the park with that one. "I have to pretend. He just writes shit."

"He just writes shit?" she repeated. "That's your reason?"

Yeah, I should have come up with a better job for the guy, but it felt wrong to completely lie to her, especially when I was literally messaging her from the bathroom and hiding my identity. Damn, my life should be a movie. What I'd said was true, I had done screen writing and it was fun, I just liked acting more.

"New question." I taped another box. "What's he look like?"

Pris's fingers fumbled with the box. "He, uh, has dark hair."

"As well as half the population of Seaside. I need details. Does he look funny? Crooked teeth? Weird hairy mole by his mouth? Long nose hair? Come on I want the gory details."

"Where do you come up with this stuff?"

"I have a scary creative mind," I answered honestly. "I can't help it, so?"

"So..." She slowly placed the stuffed animals in the box. "I haven't actually seen his face."

"So he's a predator," I joked.

A stuffed animal went soaring by my face.

"You missed."

Another animal followed, hitting me directly in the balls.

"Good shot," I wheezed, thanking my lucky stars that the bear wasn't giant size and packing something sharp.

"He's... nice." She shrugged. "I need nice in my life."

The hell she did. She deserved wild. She deserved crazy. She deserved an adventure. Nice? There was no room for nice in a relationship with a girl like Pris. A man should always be a gentleman, but nice? Nice meant boring, nice meant safe, nice meant two point five children with a white picket fence and a dog named Spot.

Nice be damned.

"I don't know, we're just talking, it's not like anything would happen." She scooted the full box over to me. "It's just nice-" Okay, I was officially going to blot out that word from my vocabulary. "-to have attention, I guess. I don't know, does that sound stupid?"

"No." I grabbed the box and taped it. "It makes me want to murder every guy you ever went to high school with, but it doesn't sound stupid."

"Please." She rolled her eyes. "I've done my fair share of dating, believe me."

My blood pressure just skyrocketed. I laughed. "Oh yeah? How many boyfriends?"

"Twelve."

The box began to crush beneath my hands.

"Kidding." She winked. "I've had four boyfriends, only one of them tried to have sex with me and that didn't end well for him."

"So you cut him?" I taped the box and set it far, far away from me so I wouldn't inflict damage on it again. Poor bears.

"Um, no, people don't cut people here. It's Oregon. We're about peace."

"So you hugged him to death?"

"Jaymeson!" She laughed and threw a pen at me. I ducked and returned her smile. "I just told him no."

"And it worked?" I was stunned.

"Well... no." She fidgeted with her hair. "But it gave me enough time to knee him in the balls and run away."

"That's my girl."

And... utter silence.

"Anyway..." She laughed. "I think that's all the questions for today. My schedule says I have you tomorrow too, right? We only have five more boxes, so we should be done by noon."

"Great." But it wasn't. I was half-tempted to break into the church and unpack every damn box just so I could keep talking to her.

There I go again with the talking.

Beer. I needed more beer.

"Why don't I give you a ride home then?" I suggested.

"I hope I'm not interrupting?" A knock sounded on the door. An elderly woman walked in. "Honey, I'm having problems with that old copy machine again, you think you could help me?"

"Sure, Stella." Pris smiled.

"I can, um, wait?" I offered.

"Nah, Stella can give me a ride when she's done, the office closes at three anyway."

"Oh." I nodded and forced a smile. "Right. Well, I'll just see you... later?"

"Yup!" She walked past me and looped her arm with Stella's.

I gave my best cool indifferent shrug and walked out of the room and down the hall, hating that the laughter from Pris brought more of a smile to my face than the promise of beer and more food.

Chapter Sixteen

Priscilla

"He sure seems like a rogue, that one." Stella filed her nail and smiled. "He's so... foreign."

I rolled my eyes. "He's British. He doesn't count."

"How so?" Stella stopped filing.

"Because..." I fidgeted with the top of the copy machine. "He's been living in the States for a long time and he doesn't say funny words."

"Funny words?" Stella snorted. "Dear, what in heaven's name are you talking about?"

"You know." I slammed the machine shut. "Funny words like loo or..." Yeah, that was all I had.

"He's quite handsome."

"So was Satan, and look what happened to him." I smiled sweetly.

"All men fall." Stella took a long sip of coffee. "Remember that. It doesn't matter if they're fat, skinny, British, black, white, Chinese, German-"

"I get your point."

"Do you?" She scooted away from her chair and examined the copier. "All I'm saying is that... every man has the ability to fall in love."

"Not one who's thinking with his pants." I crossed my arms. "Okay, how many copies did you want?"

"Thirty." She sniffled. "His accent is so nice too."

"Thirty copies it is."

"And that tattoo, well it's positively sinful. Delicious, I always was a fan of tattoos."

"Is this all you needed?" I said through clenched teeth.

"And did you see the size of his-"

"Stella!"

"Hands dear, his hands. So masculine and lovely - an artist's hands, that's what I'd call them."

"I'll walk home."

"I can take you!" Stella argued.

I waved her off. "Don't worry about it. My house is only a mile away, I have my keys, I can just walk there then take my car up to the condo. Did you happen to get a hold of my parents for me?" Stella may be old but she was a texting machine, I'd texted her during the first stash of boxes to see if she would call them and give them details. The last thing I wanted was my mom and dad freaking out or crying on the phone over me. I was fine. Everything was fine.

Besides.

I didn't want to hear their sighs when they discovered how much the damage would cost.

The house was paid for; it was the church's after all.

Our only job? To pay for insurance.

Insurance we didn't have because my dad paid from month to month and often during the summer and fall months, chose not to pay because it meant putting more food on the table and putting my silly sister through cheer camp.

"Voicemail." Stella's tone was low. "I'll try again, but you really should try too, dear, your parents will want to know you're safe."

"I'm safe." Yeah, right. If safe was living next door to every girl's fantasy, sure I was super-duper safe. "I texted him," I offered lamely.

Her eyes narrowed. "Your dad will be fine. He always is, he'll bounce back from this, don't worry your head, sugar."

I nodded. "I'll see you tomorrow, 'kay?"

"Alright, dear." Stella pulled me in for a hug then gently shoved me toward the door. I went back to the room and grabbed my purse and keys and made my way outside.

I was about halfway home when I felt like someone was watching me. Call it paranoia, but I almost started to run.

And then I heard honking.

I turned around ready to ram the car with my purse, when it pulled up alongside the sidewalk. It was Smith's truck.

"Going somewhere, beautiful?"

"Home." I bit my lip to keep from smiling like an idiot. "I was going to pick up my car."

"Better idea." He tapped his head with his finger. "How about I take you to dinner, then take you to get your car, and then you can go home to your freakishly nice condo and fairy tale next door neighbor?"

"Umm..." I shifted from one foot to the other. "I don't know." What did I really know about Smith? Other than he was hot and interested? Sure he was Evan's brother, but did that make him safe?

"Please," he begged. "I promise I'll feed you really good food. How could you say no to food? Besides, the company isn't so bad either."

"Oh yeah? You bringing someone else?" I joked.

His eyes narrowed but his smile never left his face. "Please?"

I looked down the road again, then nodded. "Fine, but I carry pepper spray, so don't think you can kidnap me or anything."

"Noted." He laughed, then unlocked the doors and reached across to open the passenger side. "Now, let's go on that date. I've been thinking about you all day and I can't wait to see what you think about this new place."

"Where's it at?"

He didn't answer right away. Smith made a turn in the truck then started making his way toward Highway 101.

"Smith?"

"Canon Beach." His smile was bright. "It just opened. I swear you'll think you died and went to heaven."

"Um, well, okay." I needed to stop being so paranoid. He was nice, more than nice, and he was taking me to dinner. "I am kind of hungry."

I lied. I wasn't hungry. Jaymeson had fed me more food than I ate in two days combined, but still.

My finger hovered over my cell, guiltily I felt like I should let him know where I was. Friends did that, right? Ugh, but we were still on shaky ground and I just... it felt weird.

I pulled up Facebook really quick.

Me: On my way to dinner. If I get kidnapped, I'll be in Canon Beach.

Jamie Hudson: Please don't freak me out like that. I'm young but my heart is weak, real weak. Serious. I had heart surgery when I was six. Who are you with? Do you have someone with you?

Me: Smith. He's a... friend.

Jamie Hudson: Define friend. Is he a friend as in you know his most embarrassing moments and can tell me his favorite color? Or is he a friend in the sense that you know he has really pretty eyes and wants to feed you before he kills you?

Me: Can it be a tie?

Jamie Hudson: Shit.

Me: What?

Jamie Hudson: Just... be careful, okay? Can you check in mid meal? Say you have to go to the bathroom or something.

Me: Will do.

Jamie Hudson: I'm going to die an early death. Don't choke on your food. Don't let him touch you. If he tries to kiss you, slap his face. And don't leave your drink unattended.

Me: K.

"Who's that?" Smith asked once I shoved my phone back into my purse.

"Uh, my dad," I lied. I'm a total liar.

"Oh, cool. He's a pastor, right?"

"Yup."

"Pastor's kid. Wow, I never thought I'd see the day when I'd take a pastor's kid out for dinner."

"I'm not a kid," I fired back.

"Believe me." He winked. "I'm well aware that you're all woman."

I laughed nervously and self-consciously tucked my hair behind my ear. His compliment seemed superficial, and honestly, it made me uncomfortable. Like I was a piece of meat he was ready to chew on or something.

We pulled up to the restaurant around fifteen minutes later. Canon Beach was close but with the evening traffic it took longer than I expected it would. I checked my watch, it was only 4:45, kind of early for dinner but I wasn't going to say anything.

Smith jumped out of the truck and slammed the door. I wasn't sure if he was going to open mine or if I had to get out myself. I had my answer when he didn't walk around the truck. Grumbling, I jumped out and joined him.

The building was really close to the beach and had a really tall metallic sign hanging above the entry that said Fork and Knives.

"Cool, huh?" He grabbed my hand and led me up the marble stairs into the dimly lit restaurant. Everything was blanketed in dark lighting. A huge waterfall flowed from one side of the wall, and trailed throughout the lobby.

"Dinner for two," Smith said confidently to the hostess. She gave him a saucy smile that he actually returned and led us to the back corner.

"Enjoy your meal," she said looking at Smith.

"Oh, we will," he answered with a wink in my direction, then he laid a hand that was a little too friendly on the waitress.

Was he flirting? In front of me? What?

"Sorry." The smile fell from his face. "I've just learned that it's best to let ladies think that I'm interested. The service is always better that way, and then they don't poison my food when I ignore them."

"Wow," I breathed. "Must be tough being so hot."

"You would know," he said quickly. "But I wouldn't call you hot - gorgeous is more like it."

Okay, so he was good with compliments.

"What's good here?" I changed the subject.

"I'm not sure. I've only been here once and then it was only happy hour, order whatever sounds great though, okay?"

I nodded and ordered a salad.

He ordered steak and a martini.

When our drinks came, my diet Coke and his alcohol, he shoved it toward me. "You want some?"

"Um, no, I'm good."

"I can take you somewhere where you can drink and not get carded, if you want. It's pretty close to here."

"No." I gave him a polite smile. "I'm fine, really. I mean, I'm only eighteen."

"Stop making me feel old," he grumbled. "I'm a damn cradle robber."

"Nah." I took a sip of water. "Plus, I don't see any wrinkles yet so you're safe."

"Oh well, as long as I'm wrinkle-free." His grin was wide, electric. Dark blond hair fell over his forehead as he leaned forward and reached for my hand. "Thanks for agreeing to come to dinner, Priscilla, I really want to... I don't know, spend time with you. Is that okay?"

"Are you asking permission?"

"I'm asking your permission." He lifted my hand and kissed it.

"Smith?" A girl approached our table. "I haven't seen you in forever! How are you?"

She was gorgeous, like super-model gorgeous and she looked vaguely familiar. I couldn't quite put my finger on it, but I could have sworn I knew her.

"Angelica." Smith coughed into his hand. "Yeah, wow, you look great" He stood and pulled her in for a hug.

"Thank you." Her eyes lingered on him for a bit before she turned her attention to me. "Sorry, I didn't mean to be rude. I'm Angelica." She held out her hand. I took it and smiled.

"Priscilla."

"You look familiar." She bit her lip. "Do I know you?"

"I don't know?" I laughed nervously. "I'm from Seaside, born and raised."

"Ah." Some of the color left her face. "Seaside." She shook her head.

"She's Alyssa's cousin," Smith explained.

Angelica snapped her attention to me. "Demetri's Alyssa?"

I nodded.

"How sweet," she said through clenched teeth. "Anyway, I didn't mean to interrupt. Smith, sweetie, give me a call when you're free, we should catch up on old times."

A muscle clenched in his jaw, he gave a nod and smiled. "Sounds great."

She waved goodbye and left.

"Why does she look familiar?" I asked, still watching her tall slim body make it's way through the crowd.

"Angelica Greene, actress," he bit out. "She knows Evan and Alesha, worked with them while she went through rehab."

"Ahh, and the world makes sense."

"Right." He looked at his water glass like it held every secret to the universe and then stood. "I'm going to use the restroom, I'll be right back."

Why was I the only one who never went to the bathroom on dates?

I pulled out my phone and typed in Jamie's name.

Me: I'm alive!

Jamie Hudson: Oh good b/c I'll probably die before I reach thirty. Thanks for that. How's the date?

Me: It was good until we were interrupted by a girl.

Jamie Hudson: ?

Me: You work in the film industry, you probably have heard of her. Angelica Greene.

Jamie Hudson: RUN!

Me: Are you being dramatic?

Jamie Hudson: FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF (I just censored all my F-bombs, and yes I said that many) RUN!

Me: What? She carries a knife with her?

Jamie Hudson: I'm not being dramatic, and no. She has talons instead of a knife. If your boy knows her? I don't know, Priscilla. Just be careful. And message me when you're safely in bed, without a man and without Angelica effing Greene breathing down your neck.

Me: Um okay?

I clicked out of the message and placed my phone on the table. Smith still wasn't back yet; it had been at least eight minutes.

I took another drink of water and waited.

Fifteen minutes later. Smith returned. Wow. He looked way too happy to be just returning from the bathroom. "Hey um, are you done eating?"

"Sure. Are you okay?"

"Of course!" He laughed. "I just, I know it's getting kind of late, and thought I should take you home?"

"Okay." It wasn't late. It was six-thirty, but I followed him out of the restaurant anyway and didn't fight it when he paid the bill.

Chapter Seventeen

Jaymeson

I stared at the damn phone and envisioned it crushing in my hand. How the hell did that tool know Angelica? That woman was poison. Pure and simple. Dating her was like playing with the switch of a nuclear bomb. Eventually it was going to go off, eventually you would die. And it would be slow and painful.

I was already halfway to crazy town when I found out that Priscilla got in the damn truck with Smith and let him take her on a date. What the hell was she thinking? Did she even know him that well? What if he was a serial killer? Why didn't I have a damn tracking device on her?

I should have grabbed her number.

Idiot!

I shot off a quick text to Demetri.

Me: Why the hell is Angelica Green still within a one hundred mile radius of Seaside?

Demetri: Because she's haunting you? Because life isn't fair? Because God is seeking revenge? Or maybe it's just because her rehab only finished a few weeks ago and she's resting before her next project, it's filming in Portland.

Me: Oh.

Demetri: She's changed man, no worries, she's not going to stalk you then knife you in your sleep. Alec and I have been keeping tabs.

Me: I don't trust her.

Demetri: How did you even see her?

Me: Rumors. I didn't actually see her.

Demetri: Stop being so damn paranoid. Are you sleeping well?

Me: Yes, Mom, gotta run.

Demetri: Love you, sweetie.

Me: Sod off.

Demetri: You love me.

I rolled my eyes and threw my phone against the couch again. I should have followed them to the restaurant the minute she messaged me.

Instead, I waited for Smith's truck to pull up, or any car for that matter. I didn't care if Pris was riding a bike - I just wanted her safely home.

Thirty minutes went by and nothing.

What? Did they try every dessert on the menu?

Impatient, I started pacing, then finally decided to go outside to, um, check the rose bushes.

That belonged to my neighbor.

It was just starting to get dark as I walked out of my house and jogged next door to the complex. Demetri has the corner lot so I was able to hide in some of the bushes that bordered our properties.

Holy shit. Was I really spending my evening hiding in the bushes like a damn spy?

Headlights appeared.

I ducked, phone still clenched tightly in my hand.

The truck pulled to a stop.

But nobody got out.

Damn it.

I couldn't see very well - all I could make out was both of their silhouettes. He needed to stay on his side of the truck. I invented an invisible line between them with my mind.

Within two seconds he was leaning over the line.

Where was a meteor when I needed one?

He leaned further.

My hands clenched tighter.

And then the two shadows merged together. I prayed his breath smelled, I prayed he had a very distinct odor that would make Priscilla gag and push him away.

I saw no pushing.

I looked at my watch.

Who kissed in that position for so long?

Finally, seventeen hours later - okay maybe like two minutes later - he pulled back, and the passenger door opened.

What the hell? The prick couldn't even open her door? Were his legs broken? Manners!

Priscilla waved and then walked slowly toward the condo. Her smile was fake. That much I could tell. I hated that I was rejoicing inside. If she wasn't happy that meant the kiss was bad, right? Right? Bloody rude smelly American with the manners of a freaking ass.

She unlocked the door and let herself in.

The truck pulled away.

And yet, I was still hiding in the bush.

Something was wrong with that picture.

My phone went off with a message.

Priscilla S: Home and safe.

Me: Did you have fun?

Priscilla S: Kind of.

Kind of? Was it wrong to do a cartwheel?

I waited five minutes, shoved my phone into my pocket and ran over to her door, knocking hard so she would hear me.

The door opened. "Jaymeson?" She looked behind me. "Is something wrong?"

"No, uh, I just was concerned. I didn't have your cell number and you didn't come home right away so..."

"Oh." She blushed. "Come in."

Score.

I wasn't going to wait for a second invitation. I walked in, made my way toward the breakfast bar, and sat on a stool. "So, where's your car?"

"Well..." Her blush deepened. She shut the door and paused a brief second before turning around to face me. "Smith actually saw me walking down town and took me on a date."

"A date?" I nodded. "And how was this date?" My teeth snapped together like a friggin' piranha.

She frowned. "Confusing?"

"How so?" I patted the stool next to me. She took a seat and slumped against the counter.

"I don't know." Pris put her face in her hands. "I over-analyze everything."

"Like what?"

She groaned into her hands. "Promise not to make fun?"

"Swear." I held out my pinky. Damn friend zone.

"Okay, so he just seems forceful. Almost like he wants to impress me with his awesomeness, and then a girl stopped by."

Yeah, I knew what girl that was, spawn of Satan herself.

"And then he said he'd be right back and didn't come back until like fifteen minutes later. He was super distracted and then when he dropped me off, he asked to kiss me."

"He asked?" I laughed.

"Stop!" Pris pushed against me. "He was being a gentleman."

No, he was being sneaky, that's what he was being.

"Anyway, I said yes."

My smile hurt, it was so forced. "And?"

"And..." She licked her lips. "Oh my gosh, I'm so embarrassed, how is it that I'm talking to you about this? People's Sexiest Man Alive? This has to be a sick joke."

"I'm your friend." I almost choked on the word. "Not sexiest man alive, not this year, that honor went to Mr. Levine."

Pris played with a piece of her hair and looked down at the counter top. "I think I'm a bad kisser."

I burst out laughing.

She smacked me in the arm. "You jerk! You promised not to laugh!"

"There's a difference between laughing at a person and laughing because what they're saying is so damn hilarious it's your only option."

She looked away.

"You're not a bad kisser." I rolled my eyes. "I would know."

"That was hardly a kiss."

"Excuse me?" I snapped, all humor draining from my body.

"No!" She put her hand on my arm. "I didn't mean it that way. I'm just saying he kiss-kissed me."

"He kiss-kissed you?" I repeated. "Is that some new terminology I don't know about?"

"He used tongue."

I was cutting off his tongue.

"Your point?" I ground out.

"I'm just saying your kiss was different and I think I'm a bad kisser, that's all I'm saying. Look, let's drop it."

"No." I shook my head. "Are you freaking kidding me? My pride's at stake here!"

"Jaymeson-"

"Get up."

"Seriously! It's fine, let's just watch a movie, I'm sure I'm just being paranoid."

"Get. Off. Your. Chair."

Her eyes went all wide and terrified looking as she slowly moved to her feet and shoved her hands in her back pockets. "I'm up."

I pinched the bridge of my nose and exhaled. "I can't believe I'm doing this."

"Doing what?"

"Helping," I grumbled.

"What?"

"Close your eyes."

"No."

"Don't be difficult," I snapped.

She closed her eyes.

I stared like a madman. Her eyelashes were so long and thick, the girl didn't need makeup but when she wore it, all it did was accentuate her beauty. Her skin was golden but so smooth I could have sworn touching it would be like touching velvet.

I cupped her face.

Her lower lip trembled.

"Lesson one," I whispered. "Stop shaking."

"Well!" she huffed. "My eyes are closed! I don't know what you're going to do."

"Listen." My voice was hoarse as I cupped her face, my thumbs grazing her cheeks and lower lip. "I kiss hundreds of women. I'm an actor. It's what I do. I've had bad kisses, I've had great kisses. I know good kissing, so I'm your best bet right now. You need to have more freaking confidence. It drives me crazy when a girl doesn't realize how perfect she is - just by being herself."

"Sorry."

"And don't apologize," I whispered.

"Sorry."

I groaned. "Oh and don't panic."

"Why?"

"Because I'm going to kiss you."

Her lower lip stopped trembling. In fact her entire body froze.

I leaned in, my lips only inches from hers. I hesitated, not sure how to proceed, how to kiss her without changing things. But I was an actor. I did that for a living. I kissed girls - it was my job. I could kiss Priscilla and feel nothing.

I shut down my emotions and touched my lips to hers. Electricity coursed through me as our mouths connected, lip to lip, mouth to mouth, it was impossible to pull away. I added pressure to her bottom lip then slowly pushed my tongue across the barrier of her lips.

Moving slow, I pushed further, went deeper, our tongues touched and then pulled away, almost like a dance, as if I was playing a cat and mouse game, and damn, I didn't know which one I wanted to be, cat or mouse.

She gave a slight moan.

And everything that I'd securely locked down went to hell.

I wrapped my arms around her tight little body and pulled her hard against me, her arms looped around my neck as she arched into me.

Dying. I was dying.

I moved my hands down her body and rested them against her hips. I wanted to lift her shirt. I wanted to plunge into her so hard that I forgot everything.

Everything but her.

Instead, somehow, I was able to slightly push her away and end the kiss.

My hands were shaking; I hoped to God she wouldn't notice the effect she had on me. The way my body trembled with unleashed desire.

"Wow..." she breathed, opening her eyes. "I'm not sure if that was you or me."

"Both," I managed a small smile. "But I'm the movie star so I get more points, you understand."

She laughed.

It wasn't awkward.

It should have been awkward. Awkward meant she was dying inside like I was. Awkward meant she wanted me like I wanted her.

Instead, she was so calm I wanted to grab her again, preferably by the hair, and rip her clothes off.

"You're a very, very good kisser," I said hoarsely. "He's an ass if he thinks otherwise."

"So maybe he's bad," she offered in a teasing voice.

"It's not you," I said honestly. "And if you don't believe me, just feel." I grabbed her hand and placed it on my chest. "Heart racing. Check. Body humming. Check."

"Ohh." Her palm was warm against my chest. "So that's how you know you're a good kisser? When you make the other person's heart beat like crazy?"

Her innocence was astounding, in certain areas she seemed so mature, but when it came to guys? Sex? It was like throwing a lamb into a pack of wolves.

"It's not about the heartbeat, but about why it's beating so hard in the first place," I said smoothly placing my hand over hers. "And right now, it's because a girl knows how to give a pretty damn good kiss."

She slid her hand away from mine.

I felt empty inside. Like someone just stole my soul and sold it to the highest bidder.

"Thanks, Jaymeson. You didn't have to do that."

"Yeah I did," I said quickly, almost interrupting her. "And now you know."

"That I'm a good kisser?"

"Hell no," I swore. "That you're the freaking main course, not the appetizer, not the dessert. But the main attraction, the prize, the treasure. The full package. If he isn't buying into that truth? Then he can go to hell. Or I'll just spray paint jackass on his house."

She burst out laughing.

I'd do anything to hear her laugh.

What the hell was wrong with me?

Rein it in, Jaymeson!

"So you, uh, mentioned a movie?"

"Scary movie?" She chewed her bottom lip.

"Sure."

Fun fact about Jamie Jaymeson? I hated scary movies. I hated things that were haunted and Halloween was my least favorite holiday ever. I turned off my lights and holed up in my house like some elderly person afraid of their own shadow.

So when she said scary movie, I said yes. Not because I had balls of steel - but because I was pretty sure that at some point she'd get scared, and I was just the "friend" to put my arm around her and whisper that it would be okay.

Hell ya. Bring it on!

Chapter Eighteen

Priscilla

I hated scary movies. But I knew a romantic comedy would just make me think about the kiss with Jaymeson, and anything else wasn't distraction enough. Plus, he was an actor. I swear he was in every single one of my favorite movies from the past five years. The only thing he'd never done was a horror film, so horror film it was.

Luckily Demetri had hooked up the Apple TV so we had Netflix. I clicked through the movies and settled on, What Lies Beneath. It was older so I figured it wouldn't be super terrifying.

An hour into the movie and I almost felt like sobbing.

Jaymeson had screamed at least twice and I was pretty sure he was just as freaked out as I was.

"Holy shit," he whispered. "Don't do it, Harrison! Don't do it!" Harrison Ford opened the door to see his possessed wife lying across the floor. "Damn you, Harrison Ford. Damn you!" Jaymeson shouted.

I burst out laughing. "Are you always this entertaining to watch movies with?"

"Shh!" he snapped, and then grabbed a handful of popcorn all without looking at me or anything else but the movie screen. "She's going to kill you, dude! Get out of there, get out!"

I stopped watching the movie, and watched Jaymeson instead.

He cringed, he closed his eyes, he inhaled like he was running a half marathon, and when the car went off the bridge he said so many curse words that I was blushing from head to toe.

The movie ended.

The credits rolled.

Jaymeson stared at the TV for a few seconds before turning toward me. "That was some scary shit."

"Really?" I tilted my head. "I wouldn't know. I was having way too much fun watching Mr. Crazy."

He grinned. "Great, my nickname's Mr. Crazy now?"

I gave him a solemn nod.

He reached for some more popcorn and leaned back into the couch. "I can't help it. I always talk when I watch movies. It's a curse."

"I love it," I said without thinking.

The look he gave me made me blush, his eyes dilated slightly as a smile spread across his gorgeous face. "Really?"

"Yeah." I pulled my knees to my chest and rested my chin against them. "I can tell you get really into movies. It's cool that you can make movies and still watch them like you don't know they're fake."

He chuckled. "I may know they're fake, but I still hate scary movies. I was asked to do one last year and backed out at the last minute."

"Pansy."

"Shut it." He threw a pillow at me. I ducked. "It was a movie about being possessed. Not really my cup of tea, love."

I nodded. "What about now? What's your next project?"

He hesitated then looked away. "I'm up for a part in that new book series getting made into a movie."

"Have I read it?"

He snorted, "Probably."

"Which one is it?"

"The Innocent Love Series."

I bit my lip to keep from laughing.

He rolled his eyes. "It's okay, you can laugh, I know it's not a typical part for me to want." He fidgeted with his hands and popped his knuckles, like he was nervous or something.

"Hey." I threw the pillow softly back. "You're an actor, you can do it, right?"

"Right." He cleared his throat.

"Is that why you're here?"

He didn't answer right away.

"Jaymeson?"

"Vacation." He licked his lips. "Away from the Hollywood scene, and then hopefully they give me the movie."

"So, you'll be here for a few weeks and then leave?"

"That's the plan." His voice cracked.

"Well," I said, putting the popcorn bowl onto the table. "I hope you get it. I think it would be really good for you to do something other than action movies."

His head snapped up. "You do?"

"Of course." I folded my arms around my knees. "Girls will love it, and if you can pull of the main character angst then you'll be even more famous than you are now." I tried to keep my voice light. The night had been so fun that I hadn't thought about the fact that he'd be leaving soon. I would be alone again.

But I still had Smith.

And Jamie.

"Maybe." He sighed and ran his fingers through his dark hair. "I don't really care about the fame though, honest. I just want to do something different. I don't want to be the type of guy that does a ton of huge blockbuster hits but can never get out of that type casting, you know?"

"You won't."

"How can you be so sure?"

"Because you're Jamie Jaymeson," I teased. "You can do anything, right?"

His face lit up, he reached across the couch and grabbed my hand. "Thanks, Pris. Sorry to be so depressing."

I squeezed his hand back. "No problem."

A loud crash sounded outside the condo.

I shrieked, Jaymeson cursed about the condo being haunted.

"What was that?" I whispered.

"Ghosts," he answered seriously. "Punishing us for watching Harrison Ford."

"Be serious!" I released his hand with a jerk and got up to my feet.

He pulled me back down to the couch. "No, let me check it out."

"What are you going to do? Swear at the ghost?"

"Very funny." He rolled his eyes and walked toward the sliding glass door. Carefully, he slid it open and poked his head outside. "Hmm, I don't see anything that would-" He slammed the doors shut, locked them, and pulled the blinds.

"Ghosts?" I offered.

"Worse." He gave a shudder. "Huge storm. The water's going crazy out there and one of the neighbors' potted plants fell off the ledge and took a swim in the Pacific."

"Oh, okay."

"I hate storms," he mumbled under his breath.

"Just like scary movies?" I yawned.

"Yeah." Jaymeson smiled tightly. "It's late. I guess I should be going since we have all those crazy boxes to pack tomorrow."

He walked slowly to the door then turned. "Breakfast?"

"Are you asking if I'm eating breakfast or are you offering to cook me breakfast?"

Jaymeson shoved his hands into his front pockets, at times he seemed so unsure, like I was going to snap at him or something. "I was kind of offering."

"Then, yes." I smiled. "Breakfast." I ignored the pitter-patter of my heart at his bright hopeful smile. I was not falling for him. Not at all. He was a player. He was a freaking movie star, and last time I fell for that smile I ended up rejected and totally humiliated.

"Great." His accent was always more pronounced at night as if he was too exhausted to remember to say his words differently, I kind of loved it. I loved how he said his R's. I loved how his mouth formed around words differently than mine did.

I needed to stop staring at his mouth. That much was clear.

"Night, Pris." He opened the door and left.

With a sigh I got off the couch and cleaned up, putting the bowl into the dishwasher and wiping the counter tops. I needed to get some food if I was going to be staying there for the next week or so.

I checked my phone.

Two missed calls.

Both from my dad.

He was probably freaking out, but my parents and I had always had one of those relationships. We loved each other, but we were distant. Not in a bad way, just in a way that they knew I was an adult and they trusted me.

I sent him a quick text.

Me: I'm fine, will call in the morning, kinda sleepy. All is well - btw does the house still have insurance? What do you need me to do while you guys are with Dani?

He texted back right away.

Papa Bear: Okay sweetie, Stella told us you were okay, just wanted to hear your voice. Stay safe at the rock star's house and try not to break anything. Kidding. We'll discuss the insurance later. I'm... I'm hoping everything will be fine. It always is, right?

Me: Right...

Papa Bear: Are you scared?

Me: ?

Papa Bear: Being alone. Want me to send someone over? I hate that you're by yourself. You always cried when it was too dark.

Laughing, I texted him back.

Me: I'll just keep my phone close, if I panic I'll call you and you can chase the darkness away.

Papa Bear: I'll always chase the darkness away.

Me: I know.

Papa Bear: It will be fine. Always is. Get some rest. Love you, sweetie.

Dad, optimistic to a fault. That's why everyone loved him. If it was raining, he'd say to be thankful we weren't in a drought. If it was snowing, he'd say be thankful that the cold weather is killing all the spiders.

I turned off the lights to the living room and was about ready to go into the bedroom - the one Jaymeson had convinced me to sleep in - when I heard a knock on the door.

Other than Jaymeson, who even knew I was there?

I looked through the peephole to see a drenched Jaymeson waiting for me on the other side.

With a jolt I pulled the door open and jerked him inside. "You're going to get sick standing in the rain. What's wrong?"

He crossed his arms over his muscled chest. My mouth went dry. His shirt clung to him like a second skin, I didn't mean to, but I started checking him out. Who wouldn't? His body was tightly muscled, as if he hadn't eaten a cookie a day in his life. Every ridge of his impressive stomach was thickly corded. I hadn't realized how cut he was. I mean, I always thought it was movie magic.

Magic? Yes. The movies? No.

"I, erm..." He rolled his eyes. "Bloody hell, I'm just going to come out and say it. I'm scared shitless."

"Of the rain?"

"Yes." He nodded. "And the movie, and the thunder."

"Have you always been afraid of storms?"

"What, are you a profiler?" he snapped, an angry tone to his voice.

"Whoa!" I held up my hands. "I was just curious - stop attacking me."

"Sorry," he grumbled, bits of water rolling off his chiseled face and onto the floor.

"You can stay here."

"Really?" A smile returned to his face.

"Guest room, and I'm locking my door so don't get any ideas."

"We're friends," he said simply. "I can control myself around friends."

Well, at least one of us could. I hated that his comment made me sting. Even though I was the idiot that put us in that zone in the first place, I still wanted him to want me... as ridiculous as that sounded.

"Cool." I pointed back to my room. "Let me know if you need anything."

"Alright." He started walking in the opposite direction whispering, "Goodnight, love."

"Night."

Chapter Nineteen

Jaymeson

I stared up at the ceiling and swore. No way did that girl see me as a man right now, especially considering I'd been too scared to go back to my own lonely house.

The movie hadn't freaked me out as much as the storm.

I freaking hated storms.

They reminded me of my childhood, of being alone while my dad was filming. They'd left me with a housekeeper, but she was so old and cranky that she offered no help whatsoever.

I'd missed Nanna so much that night - it felt like someone had stabbed me over and over again.

One night during a storm, a tree branch crashed into my bedroom window.

The housekeeper didn't even come.

Neither did my dad. I even called him. He told me to tell the housekeeper and go back to sleep.

But her bedroom door had been locked, so I'd lain under my bed, with rain pouring through the window, hugging the toy truck my dad had given me when I was really little, and praying that the storm would end.

That was the day I had realized nobody would come for me - that in the end it was me against the world and that was it. Girls always joke about wanting to be rescued, needing saving, but what about guys? What about little boys who grow up parentless? Sure I had money, but money's a cold bitch at night when you're scared of your own shadow.

I hated what that money did to my parents, to their relationship. It made me sick inside whenever I thought about it. Maybe that was why I pushed people away - eventually they would leave me just like my dad did, just like my housekeeper. I mean, she was freaking paid to love me and she still didn't care.

I punched the pillow with my hand and grabbed my cell. Pris hadn't messaged Jamie Hudson that night, I wondered if I should be worried. I mean, technically she was with him because I was him, but still.

Wow, tangled web.

Me: Hope you are having a goodnight.

She responded right away.

Priscilla S: Kinda freaked after watching a scary movie, but yeah, I'm good.

Me: Please tell me that tool who took you on a date wasn't watching the movie with you.

Priscilla S: Um, no... not him.

I smirked, wondering if she would 'fess up.

Me: So you were alone?

Priscilla S: Not really.

Me: ?

Priscilla S: Jaymeson was here.

That was it. No explanation, nothing, just Jaymeson was here. Like I didn't freaking matter.

Me: Jamie Jaymeson? Him? The one you refuse to discuss with me? How is the movie star?

Priscilla S: He's good... we had fun. Well, until the scary movie got too scary for both of us.

Me: Why's he in Seaside?

Priscilla S: Vacation.

Me: Are you okay hanging out with him? I mean, I don't know what went down, but last time we talked about him you, seemed pretty upset...

Priscilla S: He apologized. That's enough for me.

Me: Really? Seriously? He apologized and boom, he's forgiven?

Priscilla S: Nobody's perfect, and I always trust the first apology, it's the second that I'm leery of.

Me: The second?

Priscilla S: First apologies make sense. Someone says their sorry and they promise not to repeat the behavior. If they do the same thing over again, then I know the first apology didn't mean anything. The second apology is worse, because it tells me that they're really great with words, but suck at action. So yeah, I'm good with his apology as long as he keeps his promise not to screw around with me.

Shit. I suddenly felt like I was going to have a panic attack. Because that was exactly what I was doing. I was screwing around with her. I mean, I wasn't doing it on purpose. I was just so desperate to make sure she was okay. The lights flickered as if the man upstairs was warning me not to mess with the innocent girl. And then thunder crashed nearly sending me sailing to the floor in terror.

Me: I think that's a good philosophy. I'm glad you forgave him.

Priscilla S: Well, he's hard to stay mad at - it's the accent.

Me: Ahhh and the world makes sense. You're a sucker for accents.

Priscilla S: Maybe... J but we're just friends.

Me: I have an accent. I'm awesome. Can we be friends too?

Priscilla S: LOL I thought we already were.

Me: True, so the only logical step is to move past that...

Priscilla S: Umm...

Me: Stop freaking out... just know if I was there, in your house, I wouldn't be watching a damn movie, and if I was watching a movie, it would only be because I had to take my eyes off of you so you wouldn't freak out from my staring.

Priscilla S: I'm rolling my eyes.

Me: I'm dead serious.

Priscilla S: J

Me: Go to bed, sweetheart.

Priscilla S: Night J

I tucked my phone under pillow like I did every night and fell asleep with a smile on my face. I liked her.

There I admitted it.

Maybe not out loud, but it was there. I liked her. I wanted to spend time with her, and for once in my life, it wasn't about sex first.

It was about her.

Chapter Twenty

Priscilla

I woke up to screaming.

And not the type of screaming that makes you think someone fell off the bed - no, it was utter terror.

The covers tangled around my feet as I struggled to get out of bed. I kicked at them and nearly crashed to the floor. Finally free, I ran across the room to the door.

The screams got louder.

Jaymeson.

It didn't make sense. He probably lived alone when he was in LA. Was he that freaked out by the movie?

I stood in front his door listening to him scream, each scream got louder and louder, making my heart clench in my chest. He was having a nightmare, and I was just standing there!

Without a second thought, I quickly opened the door and walked over to his bed.

He wasn't wearing a shirt, and I didn't even want to know if he was naked under the covers. The moonlight cast a glow over his perfect body. He tossed to one side, yelled, then tossed to the other side of the bed, thrashing his body like he was trying to escape something.

I sat on the edge and lightly tapped his shoulder. He didn't wake up.

Licking my lips, I tapped again.

Nothing, but now he was moaning.

I would probably regret my next actions. I lifted the covers and thanked God that he was wearing boxers, then crawled in, and pulled him into an embrace.

My sister had nightmares all the time. It was the only thing I could think to do to get him to calm down. I had no idea why I suddenly felt the need to comfort him. But his screams ripped my heart out.

The minute our skin touched he shuddered and then relaxed, wrapping his arms around my body and pulling me against him like I was a teddy bear. I closed my eyes and drifted off to sleep to him whispering.

"I'm so sorry, Nanna. I'm so sorry."

Chapter Twenty-One

Jaymeson

I hadn't saved her.

My Nanna, basically the only family that cared about me.

She'd died when I was three and I hadn't saved her. I should have known she was sad. I should have known. I tried so hard to make her happy too. I tried to tell her that I loved her, but it wasn't enough.

When is love ever enough?

Her smile haunted me all night.

I woke up to the beeping of my cell alarm - I was so exhausted I wanted to hit snooze, but I had breakfast to make.

I rubbed my eyes and yawned, then looked around the room. Damn, I was warm.

And then I froze.

My eyes took in the sleeping girl next to me. Holy shit. Did I get drunk last night and have sex with her? Did I seduce her? She had all her clothes on? What the hell? I'd never slept with a girl just to sleep with her. I didn't even know my body was capable of being in the same proximity as a hot chick without trying something.

Pris moaned in her sleep. "Turn off your alarm... so loud."

Shaking, I turned off the alarm, still staring at her.

She opened her eyes and groaned. "Stop staring at me, it's creepy. Where's my breakfast?"

"Why are you here?" I asked in the calmest voice I could manage.

"You had nightmares all night. Woke me up from my sleep. Freaked me out. And you wouldn't wake up, so I tried to calm you down and that's when you attached yourself to me like a leech."

Yeah, I definitely felt myself start to blush. "Oh."

"It's fine. At least I wasn't cold last night. It was like sleeping next to an oven."

"Aw, you calling me hot, love?"

"Temperature wise," she grumbled into the pillow. "Yes."

Damn, she was beautiful. Her dark hair was twisted all around her head, and splayed across the white pillow. The white against the dark brought out her natural honey highlights and the perfect creamy complexion I'd become so obsessed with.

"Thank you," I whispered. "For the uh... rescue." Because that's what she'd done.

When I had been little and I screamed, nobody came.

When I screamed last night - she did.

And a few months ago at Alec and Nat's wedding, I'd rejected her and offered to have a threesome with her and basically told her she was an inexperienced teen. Granted, I'd apologized, but with our track record I would have expected her to record my nightmares and post them on YouTube. Not come to my rescue.

Not comfort me while I had nightmares of my Nanna's death.

"That's what friends are for." She smiled. "Now go be a friend and make me breakfast while I brush my teeth and try to forget that I woke up next to you looking like I'd just gotten run over by a semi."

"No." I reached out and touched her face. "Not possible. You look more beautiful now than I've ever seen you." My voice was gravelly with sleep. It was deep, my sleepy voice really hoarse, but I didn't care.

"Thanks." A crimson stain rose in her high cheekbones. "But I think I'll still take a shower."

I wanted to say I'd join her.

But suddenly... cheapening what we had, even if it was friendship, didn't seem right anymore, even if I was joking.

"Shower." I nodded. "And I'll cook you the best breakfast of your life."

"Ooo," she squealed. "Even better than yesterday?" She flipped onto her back and kicked her feet in excitement.

I loved that she was excited about food.

"Way better!" I hit my fist against the pillow "I promise."

"Really?" Her eyes lit up. "Because those pancakes were bomb."

"Who says bomb anymore?" I laughed out loud.

"I do! I live in Oregon! Give me some credit! The cool words hit us super late..." She winked.

I reached for her waist and pulled her up to a sitting position. She squealed again and tried to get away, but I held her firm, my hands burning into her sides.

My face was inches away from hers.

It would be so easy to kiss her.

So easy to seduce her, to rip her clothes off, to show her pleasure, to show her that I was worth it - that maybe I needed more saving than she realized.

Her smile died.

I tucked her hair behind her ear. "You're right, maybe a shower will do you good."

Her brown eyes narrowed. "I thought I was beautiful?"

"You are..." I whispered. "...too beautiful for your own good. Now go shower so I can show off."

"'Kay." She bounced off the bed and padded out of the room, while I fell back against the pillows and told my body to calm the hell down. She wasn't the only one needing a shower; only mine needed to be colder than ice. Maybe I should jump in the ocean - that would kill the arousal fast.

"Hurry up, Jaymeson!" she called.

"Hurrying!" I yelled back, grabbing my phone from under my pillow and sending a quick message to her.

Me: Have a gorgeous day, gorgeous.

Priscilla S.: Thanks! You too!

****

"I think that's it." I stacked the last box and felt my chest constrict with annoyance. The last damn box and it was only eleven in the morning.

"Wow!" Pris dusted off her hands. "We rocked this!"

"That we did." I smiled, my eyes lingering on her longer than necessary.

"So." She looked around the room. "I guess that's it, do you know where you're spending the rest of the week?"

"No." I pulled out my cell. "Peter will send me an e-mail update for my next task. I should probably go down to the Chamber and introduce myself but..."

"I'll go with you," Pris offered with a shrug. "We can go down there now if you want."

No. I didn't want. What I wanted was to keep her all to myself.

"Sure. Sounds great. Want to grab lunch afterwards?"

Her face flickered with uncertainty, so I quickly added, "You know, as friends? So I can thank you for saving me last night?"

She blushed. "It was nothing. I was worried."

"Nobody worries about me," I said without thinking.

Her eyes drew together in concern, she opened her mouth but I laughed and changed the subject. "So, what do you say?"

"Sure."

Pris gave me directions as I drove us down to the Chamber, it was only a two-minute drive - yes, Seaside really was that small.

"Should we just go in?"

"Yeah." She laughed reaching for the door. "That's what people normally do when they need to meet with other people."

"Ah, so you're a smart ass today."

"What can I say? You're rubbing off on me."

"If only," I teased.

"Aw, the whore's making an appearance. I was beginning to think you were hiding him."

"He never hides."

"Right." Her smile was soft, not teasing, but so damn pretty that I had to look away. I locked the car and offered her my arm.

"Oh wow, and manners?" She looped her arm in mine.

"I'm British. It's how we do things."

"I like it," she said under her breath, so quietly I almost didn't catch it.

I opened the door for her when we got to the large white building and waited for her to go in, placing my hand on the small of her back as I ushered her through.

The secretary at the desk was humming some song that sounded vaguely like AD2's newest hit, and looked up.

The pencil fell from her mouth.

I smiled.

She sneezed.

"You have an odd effect on women," Pris pointed out.

"They lose all bodily control," I joked.

"Mr. Um..." The lady coughed. "Jaymeson is it?"

"Hello." I held out my hand.

She stared at it, then finally as if realizing she was supposed to shake it, gripped it in the weakest shake known to mankind and retreated like a scared rabbit. "We weren't expecting you... ever."

"I know." I flashed her a movie-star smile. "But I figured it was best to introduce myself in person since you guys are the ones in charge of my schedule."

"Really?" She screeched then cleared her throat. "I mean, really, how interesting." She held up her hand. "One moment and I'll get the mayor."

"Wow, we're in the big times now," Pris whispered.

I elbowed her.

Seconds later the mayor came barreling down the hall. "Mr. Jaymeson, to what do we owe this pleasure?"

"Oh, I just wanted to introduce myself, and say thank you for putting me to work for the next few weeks. It's been really fun."

"Fun?" The mayor's eyes narrowed. "You worked at the church packing donation boxes, son."

I shrugged.

"Hmm." He peered around me to Priscilla. "And how are you, Miss Garcia? Are you doing well? How's your father? Terrible tragedy about the fire."

"Great." Her smile didn't reach her eyes. "Dad's fine and fires happen."

"Good." He returned his attention to me. "It seems you have the rest of the day free. But tomorrow you'll start at the Goodwill."

"Right on." Yeah, allow me to contain that excitement. I wasn't going to be with Pris - that alone rained on my damn parade.

"Very good." He offered his hand again. "Thanks for stopping by. Huge fan, by the way, huge fan."

"Er, thanks." I took his hand and then gave a wave to the secretary as I escorted Pris out of the building.

"Are people always freaked out by your presence?" She asked once we reached the car.

"All but you." I smiled.

"Looks can be deceiving." She reached for the car door, but I opened it before she got a chance and helped her inside, while simultaneously mulling over what the hell that meant. And if it meant what I hoped it meant. That I actually affected her - that she may want me. That she may think of me as more than just the inappropriate whorish friend.

"Are you free the rest of the day?" I asked.

"Hold on." She pulled out her phone and smiled.

Shit.

Really? If it was Smith I was going to ram my fist into a wall.

"Um, well, Smith just asked if I could meet him for a movie tonight, so..."

"No." I waved her off and gave a fake laugh. "You should go."

"Really?" Her face fell. "You think so?"

"Yeah." I nodded way too enthusiastically. "It's good. I mean dates are good, right?" I hated being the friend. Effing hated it. "Besides, I may hate that he's older than you, but clearly he likes you so..."

"So..." Her eyes narrowed. "I should go on a date. With Smith?"

"Sure." My hands gripped the steering wheel. "Whatever you want. It's your life, right?"

Too far.

"Fine." She looked back at her phone. "I'll just text him back and say I'd love to go on a date with him."

"Good."

"Yeah. Great." She sighed.

I felt like an ass the entire way to the restaurant. Praying for the tense air to crackle with something. Or for her to make a noise other than her slight breathing. It was killing me. But what could I do? Say no? Don't date him? Date me? I was leaving. I was leaving her. And for the first time in my life, I was denying myself something because I knew in the end, I would go back to LA and she would go on with her life.

Girls like Pris, they were the ones you took home. They were the ones you married and had kids with. They were the ones who expected more than I could ever hope to offer.

I could offer her a good time.

And as much as I hated to admit it - it was entirely possible Smith or some other guy could offer her what she deserved, not just needed - love.

Chapter Twenty-Two

Priscilla

Smith ordered some candy and pop, then wrapped his arm around my shoulder like he owned me. I thought I'd like it - the possessive attitude. Besides girls were staring at him like he was famous, and I would know what that felt like - it had happened the entire lunchtime with Jaymeson.

Our meal was interrupted probably twenty times by girls wanting autographs, but Jaymeson took it in stride. Each girl that approached got a full dose of his British charm, and the weird thing? He didn't seem to be bothered, if anything he was being himself. He talked to them like they were special, he asked for their names, he smiled and he didn't get cranky.

Our food even got cold and he didn't complain.

I hated how much it endeared him to me. He was so sweet - underneath that whorish habit of sleeping around - he had a heart. Clearly he just chose not to use it, especially when it came to relationships.

I about died when a girl around seven years old walked up to him and told him she was going to marry him someday.

Instead of laughing, he swooped her up into his arms and put her on his knee and said. "Honey, it would be an honor to wait for you."

And insert swooning out of my chair.

The little girl giggled and kissed him on the cheek. He gave her an autograph and then pulled something out of his pocket that looked like a hotel key card.

Confused, I watched him slip the card to the mom without saying anything.

Later, when I asked what it was, he blushed and answered, "They drove up in a car older than me. It didn't look safe. The little girl had rags for clothes and the mom looked like she hadn't slept in weeks. They weren't customers of the restaurant, and the little girl's shoes had holes in them." He popped a cold fry into his mouth. "I keep those cards for gifts."

"Gifts?"

"Each card has fifteen grand on it. They're Visa gift cards. She doesn't know that, at least not yet, by the time she figures it out, I'll be gone. And the little girl will have shoes, and I'll sleep better at night knowing she's not going to go hungry tonight because her mom can't get a job."

I'd dropped my fork onto the plate. "You can't just give people money like that!"

"Why not?" He shrugged. "I have more money than I can spend in a lifetime. Why not pay it forward? Why not make their life? Hell, why not make their year? I've always had this theory..."

"What?" I felt tears well in my eyes.

He shrugged again, his eyes shining with excitement. "That if I was put on this earth to act - I should at least change lives doing it. I'm doing what I love - and I've been blessed enormously - I think that our success is tied into how much of ourselves we give. That's all."

"I don't know what to say."

"I may like nice things and talk about myself way too much. Oh yeah, and sleep around, but..." He winked. "I'm not heartless."

"No." My smile was weak, he was amazing. He was... perfect.

The rest of the afternoon had been spent in such warm bliss that I almost forgot that I was pissed at Jaymeson for pushing me into Smith's arms.

"Pris?" Smith nudged me, jolting me back to the present. I gave my head a slight shake. "The movie's starting but you look a million miles away. Is everything okay?" He put his arm around me and pulled me close.

"Yeah." I faked a yawn. "Just really tired."

"Aw, babe," he sighed. "I'm sorry, I wouldn't have asked you out if I'd known that. I just wanted to see you, even if it meant waving from a distance. We could have just gone out for coffee." His eyes drew together in concern.

I felt a silly grin come on as I took in his compliment. "Thanks, Smith, that's nice of you to say."

"I'm a nice guy." He rubbed my shoulder with his hand. "And I have a confession."

"What?"

"I can't stop thinking about you." He leaned in, his lips so close to mine I could almost taste the peppermint gum he was chewing.

The movie started. He jerked back and caressed my face with his freehand. "I'm going to kiss you tonight."

"O-okay." My body went up in flames. But not because Smith was looking at me like he wanted to devour me.

It was because he said kiss and the only thing my brain could conjure up, was the memory of Jaymeson's lips on mine.

Would another kiss ever compare to that? Why did he have to ruin me for all future boyfriends? It wasn't fair. Nothing about my situation with Jaymeson was fair.

I tried to snap out of it. I gave a bright smile to Smith and turned my attention to the movie, and tried desperately not to imagine it was Jaymeson's hand reaching for mine - instead of Smith's.

Chapter Twenty-Three

Jaymeson

So I was a creepy stalker. Sue me.

I pulled the baseball hat lower over my eyes and ducked into my sweatshirt. It was an old Seaside one that Demetri and Alec had made famous. It was a high school football sweatshirt so hopefully nobody would be the wiser to my presence.

The bastard was making her laugh.

I chomped hard on the licorice and glared as he wrapped his arm around her shoulders.

And seriously, who took a chick to an action movie? I mean, at least watch something romantic to get her in the mood. I frowned and shifted in my seat. Not that I wanted Pris in any mood around that guy, other than a pissy one.

I leaned over my chair and peered at them hardcore. Score. Her phone was in the cup container.

With a smirk I pulled my phone out and messaged her.

She jumped a foot then grabbed her cell from the cup holder and put it in her lap.

Me: Haven't heard from you in a while...

Priscilla S: Kind of on a date...

Me: Whoa! You've been doing a lot of that lately!

Priscilla S: I know. When it rains it pours I guess.

Me: What's the S stand for?

She hid her phone, while Smith adjusted his arm and squeezed her tighter. Dude, at least let her breathe!

Priscilla S: The S? It's my middle name.

Me: And?

Priscilla S: It's silly.

Me: Try me.

Priscilla S: Serendipity.

Me: That's not silly. I like it J It seems to fit you. You really are a pleasant surprise.

Priscilla S: Thanks. I should go though. It's probably frowned upon to message one guy while I'm on a date with another.

Me: Fair enough. Remember, you're worth a hell of a lot more than a few dates and stolen kisses.

Priscilla S: Is that your way of saying guard my virtue?

Me: That's my way of saying don't let a guy steal your damn virginity just because he appears nice. Night, love.

I put my phone away and watched her reaction. She turned around and looked at the empty seats in the row above her before looking down at her phone. Her eyes widened for a brief second before she set her phone down and turned in my direction.

Holy hell. I ducked my head and chomped down on my licorice so she wouldn't notice me.

When I looked up she'd already turned back around. As much as I wanted to stay, I decided it was best not to hang out on her date, and walked out of the theatre back to my car.

I started the engine and sat.

Cursing, I dialed Demetri's number.

"What?" he answered. "You die?"

"No." I rolled my eyes. "If I was dead, how would I be talking to you?"

"Solid point."

"I, um, I just had a question."

"Okay?"

"Hypothetically..." I cleared my throat. "How does one... get out of the friend zone without ruining the friendship?"

"Hypothetically?" he said in a low voice. "So you're asking on behalf of a friend, yeah?"

"Sure."

"Alright, so my advice to your... friend... you don't get out of the friend zone."

"Damn it!" I slammed the steering wheel with my hand.

"Whoa there, don't get so fired up for your friend, Jay."

"Right, sorry. I've had too much sugar."

I could practically hear his brain working. "You on drugs, man?"

"No!" I all but shouted. "So I can't get out of the zone..."

"Oh, you're the friend," he said, sounding bored.

"Shut the hell up and tell me!"

"Who is it?" he asked quietly. I could tell he was trying not to gain anyone's attention. Most likely he was on the tour bus and even though they had a nice one, it was still hard to have privacy.

"Uhh..."

Demetri groaned. "Tell me it's not Priscilla. Tell me you've kept it in your pants and Alyssa isn't going to hunt me down with a machete for even introducing you guys."

"He's crushing on Pris?" Alec's angry shout awakened an involuntary wince.

I heard a door shut. And then Demetri said. "Sorry dude, you're on speaker phone, Alec's here."

"Oh good, so my shame's public, that's just bloody fantastic."

"Priscilla?" Alec said. "She put you in the friend zone."

"It was a mutual friending!" I defended.

Both of them burst out laughing.

"You know what? Forget it."

"No!" Demetri said still laughing. "It's just that, I mean, you've never even had a friend that was a girl, let alone been put into that zone. How is it, man? You going crazy? Take up smoking? Tell me the truth, do you think you may die in your sleep?"

"Remind me again why I called you for help."

Demetri and Alec mumbled between themselves and then Alec spoke. "Look, the friend zone isn't bad. In my opinion, it just makes it that much easier for you to turn it into a relationship, because a relationship is just that. It's a friendship, only so much more. It's deeper, more spiritual, like sharing your soul rather than just your dreams, you know what I mean?"

I paused. "No. Because I'm not a chick."

"Don't lie," Demetri said in a low voice. "If you want more with her, then by all means, start pursuing her, you sexy British prince... but... if all you want is to steal her virginity to feed your own sexual appetite, I'm pretty sure Alyssa's going to hand you your balls on a silver platter, then force them down your throat."

"Swell," I croaked.

"So?" Alec asked. "What is it? You want something more with her or are you just shitting us?"

I thought about it. My hands shook as I held the cell to my ear. "Um, you know what? I was kidding. You guys are right. Guys can't just change overnight. It's probably because I haven't been with a girl in a long time."

"A few weeks isn't a long time," Demetri said.

"Very funny," I sighed. "And it's been two months."

"Someone should saint you." This from Alec.

"I'm hanging up now."

"Catch you later, bro," Demetri said. "And if you change your mind, remember one thing."

"Oh yeah? What?"

"Girls like chocolate. Lots and lots of chocolate."

"And wine," Alec piped up.

"And kissing!" Demetri yelled.

"Goodbye." I pressed End and groaned into my hands. I didn't know what I wanted.

I just knew that it involved her.

And only her.

But I couldn't wrap my head around the process of even trying something with her, without making a complete and total mess out of the whole situation. Every time I thought about it, my head hurt. I didn't want to lose her altogether, and I was really good at screwing up everything.

If I tried to date her and she rejected me I'd want to drown myself, and if I tried to date her and she actually fell for me - I'd want more, physically. I would always want more. I mean, what do you do once you start dating? You date because eventually you see yourself with that person forever.

So why start dating when you know in your heart that sharing forever with someone is just a pathetic fairy tale Hollywood feeds people in order to keep them off anti-depressants?

Sure, Nat and Alec loved each other. But that was rare, as was Demetri and Alyssa's relationship, and even then they all went through the fires of hell and back to end up together.

It wasn't that I wanted easy.

I just knew that in the end, I wasn't cut out for that type of relationship. I'd only end up leaving her. I'd only end up breaking her heart.

Never mind that mine was possibly breaking just a bit at the idea that she could possibly be his. Smith's.

I fought the urge to puke.

"Fine," I said aloud. "I can do this. I can do this." I put the car in reverse and pulled out of the parking lot, then drove home. Cursing the fact that my stomach clenched with every mile I drove away from the first woman I had feelings for since the death of Nanna.

Chapter Twenty-Four

Priscilla

"Thanks for coming out tonight, even though you were tired," Smith said, leaning over the console and unbuckling my seatbelt for me like I was an invalid.

"Thanks for asking," I said through clenched teeth. For some reason it was forced with him. Like I had to remember to be polite.

He smiled, that same confident smile that had attracted me to him in the first place. "I think it's time."

"Time?"

He leaned closer. "For the kiss."

"So now it's the kiss?"

"Makes it sound so important... besides I think every kiss with you will be that way, important, epic, amazing..." His fingers grazed my cheek as he cupped my chin and pressed his lips to mine.

They were warm, somewhat intoxicating as his mouth moved slowly against mine.

It was nice.

The kiss.

But it wasn't Jaymeson. It wasn't possessive, it wasn't - devastating.

It was just a kiss.

But kissing Jaymeson? Even if he hadn't meant it to be anything more than a lesson... it had wrecked me.

So when Smith's tongue entered my mouth I honestly just fought through it, knowing that for the rest of my life my kisses would be like this. They'd be good - never great.

There was only one great.

And he was a self-proclaimed whore.

Lucky me.

"Goodnight." I pulled back and reached for the car door, but Smith grabbed my hand and pulled me back into the seat kissing me harder.

I tried to return his enthusiasm, thinking I could escape if I kissed him more, but his hands moved to my hair, and then down my shoulders.

With a nervous laugh I pulled back. "I really should be going."

His breathing was ragged. "I know, sorry. I don't know what came over me."

"It's fine," I whispered. "See you later?"

"You can count on it..." With a wink he grabbed my hand and kissed my fingertips. "I'll be dreaming about that kiss tonight."

"Me too," I lied. "Night, Smith."

"Night, beautiful."

With another tight smile, I jumped out of the truck and walked up to the condo. As I shoved the key into the lock, one thought replayed in my head over and over again.

I didn't want to go home.

I wanted to talk to Jaymeson. I wanted to run over to his house and jump into his arms and tell him that the kiss wasn't good and that it was his fault. I wanted to tell him he was my downfall.

My phone rang.

"Dad?" I answered as I opened the door. "What's up?"

"Pris!" He sounded excited. "Lots of sunshine down here, how's the rain?"

"Awesome. I only contemplated suicide like twice today." I locked the door behind me. "So what's up?" I winced as I realized I'd already asked that and now probably looked like a nervous teenager.

"That's my girl, always looking at the positive."

I rolled my eyes.

"Are you rolling your eyes right now?"

"It's like you have cameras on me."

His warm chuckle made me feel immediately better, like my date with Smith was peanuts compared to everything else going on in my life. I was fine. I would be fine with or without a guy or a stupid kiss because I had my parents. They were my rock. Everything.

Dad cleared his throat "...the damage to the house is pretty severe. It's safe to live in. We can afford to do the damage cleaning, but as far as fixing the basement or the electrical, well, it's going to be a process, sweetie. I know you hate asking, but do you think you can stay at Alyssa's house for a while? The clean up crew should be going through everything to make sure there isn't any smoke residue - legally you can't stay there while they do that. We're sending your sister to Stella's once she gets back, and your mom and I will make due at the house until we can get everything fixed."

"But you'll have no electricity!" I argued.

"Oh, sweetie!" He sighed. "It's fine. The church has showers and a kitchen, we'll just be sleeping at the house."

"But can't you stay-"

"Pris, honey, don't worry about us, okay? Everything's going to be fine. We just want you girls to be safe and warm, alright?"

"Alright," I croaked.

"We'll be home in a little over two weeks. Maybe a miracle will happen between now and then, right?"

"Right." I tried to keep my voice high. "Miracles happen."

"That's my girl." He sighed again. "Love you, sweetie."

"You too, Dad."

The phone went dead. Dizzy with stress, I walked out onto the balcony and leaned against the railing, allowing the sea breeze to calm my nerves.

I had a guy that liked me. And I didn't like him.

I had a guy who wanted to be my friend - whom I liked - whom I couldn't have.

And my parents were hiding something from me. They didn't have the money. They were basically going to live in poverty. I was ashamed to ask Demetri and Alyssa if my parents could stay at their condo too. I mean, they hadn't even lived in their new place yet. The last thing they wanted was for a family to move in.

Plus, as much as I donated, I hated charity. I hated receiving it. I'd received it all my life. Growing up as a pastor's kid you're thankful for everything, the hand-me-down clothes, food on the table. I didn't take anything for granted, but that didn't mean I didn't have pride.

Besides, I knew if I offered to have my parents stay with me, they'd just say no. My dad hated putting people out. It made him uncomfortable.

I leaned my head against the railing and told myself not to cry.

Dread pooled in my stomach when I realized that if they had no insurance, if they couldn't fix the house...

I wasn't going to be able to go to school this year or next year.

I'd managed to save ten grand over the last four years of working, but half of it had gone to get a car that actually worked.

And now I'd give it to my parents. Because they needed it more than I did, and I could go to school any time, right?

"Hey," a voice called. "You okay?"

My head snapped up to discover Jaymeson leaning against the railing, wearing a baseball hat that looked a lot like the one Jamie Hudson wore in his picture. It seemed all of LA had the same taste.

"Yes," I whispered, barely able to get the words out. "I'm fine."

"So is this our first lie?" he asked softly. "As friends?"

Tension hung in the air. It was the first I'd voiced. But the entire friendship had been a lie because I would always want more.

"Maybe." My lower lip trembled.

"Come over."

"No, I can't I-"

"I'm not asking." His voice was stern. "Get your ass over here. Now."

"Sensitive, aren't you?" I snapped.

"I will freaking jump this three-foot gap if you don't get over here within the next five minutes."

He looked serious.

I backed away from the railing and shut the door, then ran out of the house and up the stairs to his beach house.

Lifting my hand to knock, I almost fell over when the door gave way and Jaymeson lifted me into his arms, pulling me in for a tight hug.

"What's wrong, love?" he drawled in my ear. "Bad date? Do I need to kill him? Have you eaten? Is it about the house?"

"N-no," I lied again.

He squeezed me harder, his lips grazing my ear. "Stop lying to me."

"It's-" I felt the sob in my chest, the need to actually rely on someone and spill my guts, but the someone I wanted to tell most was the someone that could also hurt me the most.

"The house," I finally admitted. "My parents don't have insurance, so I'm just... upset, and I think I'll have to stay home from school longer than I thought... you know, to help."

"To help." He placed me back on my feet. "Because you're suddenly an electrician?"

"You know what I mean." I managed a small smile.

"No." He crossed his arms. "I really don't."

"I'm going to help."

"How is your staying home from school helping?"

"It just is... okay? Drop it."

His face flinched, like I'd just slapped him. He took a step back and turned around. "And the date?" Jaymeson started opening cupboards in his huge kitchen.

"It was fine."

His hands froze on the cabinet door, without turning around he asked. "Did he kiss you?"

I stared at the floor.

"Pris..."

"Yeah." I walked slowly into the kitchen. "He kissed me."

He was silent a moment then said. "Good."

Good? I wanted to throw a dish at his perfect head!

"How was it?" He refused to make eye contact and started pulling chips from the pantry and opened the fridge, tossing salsa onto the countertop.

"Different."

"Hmm, so it's him." He finally looked up at me. "Because we both know you kick ass at kissing."

And there he was. Good humor returned, and we talked for another few hours. He told me about movies. I told him about growing up in the church.

We watched re-runs of The New Girl.

And somehow I fell asleep on his chest.

His arms were wrapped around me so tightly, it was almost hard to breathe. His chin rested on my head.

It made me want to cry.

"Jaymeson..." I whispered. "We fell asleep."

"Hmm?" He groaned and opened his eyes. "Shit... I'm sorry, Pris."

His eyes looked lazy and unfocused. I don't know what possessed me to touch his face, but I did.

The minute my fingers grazed his cheek, he closed his eyes as if my touch pained him. And then he placed his hand over mine, pulling it away from his face, and intertwining our fingers together.

With a sigh he kissed my hand. And then kissed it again.

I shuddered.

"Let's go to bed, it's too late for you to walk back to the condo."

"It's a few feet," I argued.

"That's all it takes to get kidnapped. Statistics prove that most people get abducted close to home." He gripped my hand tighter. "Up you go."

With a grunt, he picked me up off the couch and walked me across the hall into a giant master bedroom. There was a fireplace in the corner, and from the looks of it, the bathroom was bigger than my house.

Gently, he placed me on the bed, and pulled off my shoes, then snapped his fingers at me.

I sat up, and his hands moved to my long sleeve shirt lifting it over my head, so I was only in my tank top.

He placed my shirt and shoes on the floor then pulled his own shirt off.

I would never tire of catching glimpses of his perfect body. Jaymeson stretched, then went over and turned off the light. But he didn't get in the bed; instead he walked to my side and pulled me to my feet, slowly his hands moved to my jeans. I slapped them away.

His warm chuckle made me even more nervous.

"Not seducing you, love. Just want you to be comfortable."

"I'm not taking off my pants."

"I'm giving you something to wear."

His hands left, his shadow moved through the darkness then returned with what looked like boxers.

"Off." His hands grazed the buttons of my jeans again as he slowly undid them, and pulled them down, his hands pushed gently against my body as I fell onto the bed, and he tugged them all the way off, only to replace them with the boxers he'd grabbed.

"There," he said, voice hoarse. "Now you can sleep." Night, love."

He walked toward the door.

"Aren't you sleeping here?" I blurted.

His body tensed as he gripped the door frame with his hands. Light from the kitchen spilled onto his head and shoulders. I counted at least ten muscles I'd never seen in real life on any man, before he answered. "I don't think that's such a good idea."

"Why?"

"Because." He turned and gave me a sad smile. "I may be your friend, but I'm no saint, Pris."

With that, he left and closed the door behind him.

Part of me was invigorated that I tempted him while the other half of me was mad that even though I tempted him, I still wasn't tempting enough for him to take that leap.

Sure, he'd date skanks.

But when it came to something real - he so easily resisted.

Maybe I was too plain? Or not exciting enough. Either way, it was just another reminder that Jaymeson wasn't forever.

Chapter Twenty-Five

Jaymeson

I laid down in one of the six guest bedrooms and stared up at the ceiling. No chance in hell was I actually going to sleep.

Had I known a few months ago that I'd actually choose to undress a girl and then leave her alone in my bed without doing anything - even kissing her? I would have laughed my ass off.

My old self was gone.

I don't even know how it happened.

Every time I tried to put the wall up or conjure up the desire to sleep around or drown myself in another girl...

I saw her face.

I felt raw, exposed, weak. Dammit! I flipped the pillow over and stared at the window as moonlight trickled in. My body was on freaking fire and I knew that even if I took a cold shower - all it would do would be alleviate me temporarily.

Licking my lips, I tried to concentrate on the wall. Right. That's how far I'd fallen. I was staring at a wall and actually contemplating if counting sheep was a good way to fall asleep?

"One, two, three..." My whisper sounded so lame. I decided to count donkeys, because in my mind that seemed more badass - pun intended - than counting something fluffy.

"Four, five, sex..." Bloody hell.

With a grunt, I threw off the covers and walked out of the room and down the hall into the kitchen.

Tea.

Tea was the answer. I was British after all. Right? Right. You know you're losing it when you're actually asking yourself questions and hoping that your self will answer in the affirmative.

I tried to be quiet as I set the kettle on the stove and searched for a mug. I didn't want to turn the light on because I figured it would trickle into the master bedroom, and I didn't want to wake up the angel.

My hand hovered over the mug.

Since when did I start referring to her as an angel?

I closed my eyes and leaned my forehead against the cabinet.

"Are you alright?" A voice jolted me out of my hell.

"Shit!" The cup tipped off the table; I barely caught it with my left hand. Heart racing, I glared at Pris. "Are you trying to kill me?"

"Mugs don't kill. Guns do." She grinned.

"Cute, you should put that on a t-shirt," I mumbled.

"Maybe I will." Her voice was light, teasing. Why the hell wasn't she in bed?

Bed. Bed. Bed. Sex. Shit. Bloody. Freaking. Hell.

My eyes scanned her half-naked body. She was wearing my boxers. Mine. Something that had once been against my skin was now touching hers. I'd probably never wash those boxers, I'd still be eighty and sleeping with them under my pillow telling myself that I made the right choice in leaving her behind, in keeping my heart closed in a cage where it belonged.

"Are you okay?" Pris took a tentative step toward me, her hand reaching out, making a beeline for my arm.

Her fingers grazed my skin.

I jerked back. "Uh, yeah." Laughing, I grabbed an extra cup. "I just couldn't fall asleep so I thought I'd make some tea."

"Tea?" Her eyebrows rose. "How very proper."

"That's me," I said dryly. "All..." My eyes raked over her muscular legs. "...proper."

Clearing her throat, she stepped around me and grabbed the tea that I'd been holding onto like a lifeline. The way I figured, was if I was keeping my hands occupied then I wouldn't be touching her. I wouldn't be forcing myself on her, right? If I was touching tea I wouldn't be touching tits.

Aw, shit.

I think I just made it worse.

Because my eyes naturally went to her chest, then snapped away like I was a fifth grader with his very first crush.

"So..." Pris ignored my jerky movements. She probably thought I was about ready to piss my pants or something. Ants in the pants, ants in the pants! Yes. I was officially reverting back to my childhood.

Trauma does that to a person.

So does delirium.

Insanity.

That's what I was experiencing, because, dear God, she had vanilla-scented skin. I leaned toward her, my head turning into her shoulder.

"What are you doing?" she whispered.

"Checking." I cleared my throat and stepped away.

"For?"

"Bed bugs."

Yes. I'd just said bed bugs. I just officially ruined the mood and gave men everywhere a bad name.

"Eww!" She jumped into the air. "You have bed bugs?"

"No!" I yelled. "Of course not! But one should always be careful when one is staying..." I waved my hand into the air. "...abroad."

"Stop saying one," she snapped.

"Sorry."

Shaking her head, she put a tea bag in each mug. The kettle whistled, prompting her to fill the mugs with the steaming water. I let her do it. My mind had left me and I knew my body was next to go - next in the very long line of betrayal. I figured if I touched the kettle I'd somehow find a way to burn my nether parts off. Because really, that's just the type of night I was having.

"Here." Pris thrust the mug into my hand, setting hers on the counter to cool, then jumped up and sat so she was at eye level with me. "I'm sorry you can't sleep. Is there anything I can do?"

Yeah. She could stop - just stop - breathing so effing close to me.

Wait, did that mean I wanted her to die?

Shit. I was turning into a serial killer.

"No," I croaked. "It happens sometimes." I blew across the mug. "I'm sorry I woke you up."

"You didn't." She picked up her mug and lifted it to her lips pausing before taking a sip. "I fell asleep right away, and then, I don't know, I guess my body wasn't ready to go to bed yet. I woke up and heard you rummaging around in the kitchen."

I winced. "Sorry. I tried to be quiet."

"Jamie Jaymeson being quiet. You let me know when you discover you have that particular talent."

With a laugh I clinked my mug to hers. "Cheers."

Pris took a sip then jerked the cup back. "Ouch."

"What?" I set my mug down and reached for hers, setting it next to mine.

She shook her head and rolled her eyes. "It's not a big deal I think I just burnt my lip."

"Let me see." I stood in between her legs and braced either side of her face with my hands.

In hindsight... that was where I went wrong.

I knew I was struggling - I should have never touched her. I should have left her alone. I should have taken a step away instead of forward.

"Your lips look..." Incredible. Delicious. Plump. "Unharmed." I inwardly groaned.

"Good." Her answer was low, hypnotic, her tongue reached out and licked her lower lip.

And my body took the bait.

With a moan I crushed my mouth against hers and lifted her body against mine.

Her arms went around my neck as I devoured her lips - they tasted so sweet. Her body was hot, it slid against mine. My reaction was so violent I almost dropped her onto the floor.

Pris's tongue pushed into my mouth. Damn, the girl was aggressive. I loved it. Smiling against her mouth I bit down on her lip and let her taste me, let her explore as my hands moved to her hips, setting her feet on the floor as I still held her body against mine.

Slowly, I slid my hands underneath her shirt, and lifted, the friction of my hands against her skin made me dizzy. Pris wasn't just my obsession - she was my damn downfall. She made me feel weak, like I was drowning but I didn't want to be saved. For the first time, I wanted to pull someone else down with me. And stay there.

Her breath hitched as my hands reached her bra.

She pulled back, slightly.

But it was enough for my brain to function on a logical level. I wanted to give her all of myself - but I had absolutely nothing to give her.

The math didn't make sense.

I'd give her all I had - which was nothing.

And she'd give me everything.

"Pris," I murmured against her mouth. "I'm sorry." I stepped back, still gripping her wrists. "That shouldn't have happened. It's late and-"

"-what?" She jerked away from me, rubbing one wrist with her other hand.

"No, don't be mad. Please." Why did I feel like getting on my knees and begging? "I wouldn't survive it if you said you hated me right now. I know it's what I deserve. I know I'm an ass. I'm a whore. I'm all those things, but please, please don't say this changes anything. I can't..." Dammit. "I can't lose you, Pris. You're the only real friend I've had." Other than the guys, but they were more like family, she had to know that.

"I'm not," she said softly, touching her fingers to her swollen lips. I'd done that to her. I'd branded her with my mouth and I didn't feel sorry. I refused to feel sorry.

"Friends." I reached for her hand and gripped it. "Right? Besides, you like Smith. I'd just get in the way." Lies, all lies. My body responded with a violent shudder. Her, it said, it begged, it screamed like a bloody gladiator. "Seaside... this is your home. This is your life." I tucked her hair behind her ear. "I'm just a distraction." I wanted to hit myself so hard. My heart - bloody thing that it was - slammed against my chest in madness as if it was so upset with what I was saying that it was getting ready to burst from my chest and find the words that I couldn't.

No. I told my brain, I told my damn heart. No. It would be stealing - it would be wrong. Because I knew my priorities were still me. I knew they were still movies.

I had no room for her in my life.

And until I did...

Until I was fully ready...

She'd be the one to suffer for it.

"Say something..." I whispered.

Her eyes were cold, distant. "We'll always be friends, Jaymeson." With a sad smile, she shrugged. "Sometimes I just wonder if that's what you really mean. You say friends, you act like-" She held out her hands, palms up... and shook her head helplessly.

I knew how I acted.

Like a man obsessed.

"I know." I tilted her chin toward my face. "Will you accept my apology for not making the line clear?"

"What if I like blurry?"

"You say that now," I said sadly. "But in the morning, you'll wish it was still there. You'll wish you'd seen it before you took the leap."

With a slow nod, she got up on her tiptoes and kissed my cheek, whispering, "You make it impossible to hate you, but right now, I really want to. I want to kick you. I want to slap you. I want to murder you."

"Because I'm an ass?" The air stilled.

"No." She stepped back. "Because you make decisions based on your own insecurities, your own reasons, without once thinking about what the other person may want. I feel sorry for you."

"Don't," I snapped. "Don't feel sorry for me. I've had enough sex, money, and fame to last a lifetime. The last thing you should feel is sorry. You know nothing, Pris. You're eighteen, for crying out loud! You haven't even lived!" My voice took on a desperate tone. "You haven't suffered. You haven't-" I smacked the counter with my hand. "You've lived in Seaside, Oregon for your entire life. You know nothing of the horrors of life."

"Wow, you've done it," she whispered, her voice hollow.

"What?"

"Made me hate you." Her eyes blurred with tears. "Night, Jaymeson. It seems I have a life to experience, considering I've never even lived or suffered. Great advice. How about I stay in my small town with my small-town boyfriend and my sad pathetic existence? Will that make you happy? Maybe Smith will help me experience some of those things - even if it's heartache, apparently it would still make you happier than you are now."

"But-"

"Go to bed, Jaymeson."

The last thing I heard was the bedroom door slamming. It may as well have slammed in my face; I swear I felt the wind from it.

Good. Let her hate me. I'd take her hate over her shattered heart any day.

Chapter Twenty-Six

Priscilla

I made it as far as the bedroom door before I fell onto the bed and burst into tears. What was wrong with me? Was I that terrible of a prospect that we only ever got as far as the abrupt first kiss and I was pushed away?

Again.

A girl can only take so much rejection before her heart starts to wilt. Mine was dead. It felt dead. I hated that he did the right thing. Jamie Jaymeson, whore of the year, was trying to protect my virtue. Imagine that.

He had no idea how my body responded to him. With Smith it was like getting a nice hug from a family member. Ugh. I hated that I felt that way.

With Jaymeson? It was like touching a hot stove - and liking it.

My body burned everywhere he touched. I didn't even understand the feelings that were racing around my head, around my heart, just everywhere.

I sniffled as a few escaped tears hit the pillow, and pretended to sleep when I heard the door crack open.

Light filtered into the room.

I froze.

And then muscular arms wrapped around my body, and Jaymeson whispered in my ear, "I'm sorry, love."

I hated that having him near calmed me immediately, almost as much as I hated how clueless he must be about how I felt. Because the last thing I needed to be reminded of was how it felt to be in his arms - when he was pushing me into someone else's.

****

"Are you sure you're okay taking over the last few boxes?" Stella asked, filing her polished pointer finger. Today the color was red; tomorrow it would probably be orange. She claimed she hated keeping up with clothes trends - so she used polish as a way to express herself.

"Yeah." I wiped the sweat from my forehead. "I've only got four more boxes and then I'll go grab us some lunch. How does that sound?"

"Great." She beamed, setting down her nail file and opening her desk, "Here's a twenty."

"Stella-"

"Take it or I won't eat." She dangled the money in front of my face.

I snatched it and rolled my eyes.

"And don't roll your eyes at the elderly."

"You're seventy-two, that's hardly elderly."

It was Stella's turn to roll her eyes. "Hurry back, sweetie."

"Will do!" I waved goodbye and walked outside to my car. It was my first day working without Jaymeson.

This morning he'd acted like nothing happened, while I had stared at the countertop and almost erupted into flames.

His hands had been all over me.

His mouth too.

In that same kitchen.

How could he eat? I'd barely choked down the eggs he cooked before making up some lame excuse about showering and drying my hair.

And he'd let me leave. No hug, no nothing. The only highlight of my day had been that Jamie Hudson had been constantly messaging me. He'd even told me some funny stories about on-set catastrophes. I liked him. He made me laugh. He reminded me a lot of Jaymeson, and it wasn't just the same first name. They both called me love.

When I asked him about it, he said that's what his grandma used to call him, so it just stuck.

Made sense.

The drive to The Goodwill took three minutes. I got out of the car and rang the bell on the back door.

No one came. Grinding my teeth, I marched over to the front doors and walked in. The bell chimed but I still didn't see anyone.

"Hello?"

I walked around to the front counter, just as a figure with a pirate patch popped up and held out a sword.

"Holy crap!" I shouted.

"Ahoy matey, where be yur bootey?"

"Jaymeson?" I croaked.

"It's Captain Jack Sparrow, and I be wantin' me treasure!"

Leave it to Jaymeson to make a Goodwill costume look so hot I wanted to launch myself over the counter and attack him.

"You're sure working hard." I pushed his sword away and leaned on the counter. "Playing pretend, are we?"

"Pirates don't play. We plunder," he said in his normally accented voice, his eyes darkened a bit before he cleared his throat and looked away. "So how's your day been?"

"Awesome. I won the lottery."

"You should buy an island."

"So you can bury your treasure?" I asked.

He laughed. "Aye."

"I'll get you, Captain!" another male voice shouted across the store. "I'm going to cook your parrot and eat it!"

I burst out laughing as Evan appeared in his own pirate garb. He didn't pull it off as well. His patch kept falling off his face, and his sword was plastic instead of wood like Jaymeson's.

"Evan..." I sighed. "Always good to see you making the world a better place, one sword fight at a time."

He immediately pulled off his patch and threw his sword behind one of the rows. "We were bored."

"Right." I nodded. "I do that too. Resort to swordplay when I'm bored. I have at least ten costumes at home ranging from cop to Batgirl."

"Really?" His interest seemed piqued.

"I think she's joking." Jaymeson rolled his eyes and then said under his breath. "You are joking, right? Because a Batgirl costume would be badass. Don't tease if you can't follow through."

Wow. They really belonged together. It was almost as bad as watching Demetri and Jaymeson interact. I swear when men bonded it was like taking ten years off their age.

"Sorry to disappoint." I tapped the countertop with my hand. "No costumes. No masks."

"Pity." Jaymeson sighed.

"You have the rest of the boxes?" Evan asked.

"Yup in my car."

"Jaymeson, go get the boxes," he ordered.

"Why me?"

"Because you're donating your time to The Goodwill and lovely city of Seaside, and because I'm your boss."

Jaymeson made a big show of taking off his pirate patch and setting his sword down then with a sweeping motion bowed in front of me. "My lady awaits."

"You guys been drinking?" I asked curiously.

Evan snorted. "No."

Jaymeson patted him on the back, then walked around the counter, and offered me his arm. I didn't want to take it because that meant touching him again.

Maybe I should just accept the fact that he'd never be mine. If I accepted it, I could enjoy the little moments, store them up in my brain, and then when it was time to move on with reality and life, I'd have at least those memories to keep me warm at night.

Wow. Depressing.

We walked arm in arm to my car. I unlocked the doors as Jaymeson walked around and grabbed two of the boxes.

"Am I too late to help?" Smith's voice broke my concentration and I pulled my eyes away from studying Jaymeson's biceps.

I pivoted on my heel. "Not at all! We have two more boxes."

"Perfect!" Smith leaned in and kissed my mouth before I could stop him, then went over and grabbed the other two boxes. I could have sworn I heard Jaymeson say 'jackass' under his breath, but then again, I was probably imagining his jealousy.

Movie stars didn't get jealous of mortals.

I closed the doors and locked the car, following them both into the store as they deposited the boxes near the counter.

"So..." Smith wiped his hands on his ripped jeans. "I've been thinking."

"Doubtful," Evan muttered under his breath. Jaymeson hit him across the chest while Smith glared.

"We should go out tonight."

"Again?" Jaymeson and I said in unison.

I laughed it off and sent a seething glare toward Jaymeson.

"What did you have in mind?"

Smith wrapped his arms around me and pulled me against his chest. It felt wrong. Physical contact with him felt... cold.

He cupped my face. "Bonfire."

"I like fires."

"Good." He smiled that beautiful blinding smile. "How about I pick you up around seven? We can toast marshmallows and tell ghosts stories."

"She's scared of ghosts," Jaymeson piped up.

"I'll be fine." I gave Smith my best smile as he bent down and brushed a kiss across my lips.

"Great. See you in a bit."

"'Kay."

He waved goodbye and sauntered out.

I watched him the entire way - only because I couldn't face Jaymeson. I felt embarrassed, like I somehow betrayed him even though I was doing exactly what he'd asked me to do.

When I finally looked back at him and Evan, they were both wearing the same worried expression.

"What?" I stuffed my hands in my back pocket.

"He's too old for you," Evan blurted.

At the same time, Jaymeson said. "It's going to freeze tonight."

"Thanks, Dads." I saluted. "But I think I'll be okay."

Evan nodded. "Just... promise me you'll be careful, okay, Pris?"

"Evan, he's your brother."

"My point exactly." He squeezed his eyes shut and rubbed them with his hand. "Just promise you'll be careful. Like I said, he's older."

"And that's code word for what? He has wrinkles?"

Jaymeson swore. "It's code word for he's probably a lot more experienced, Pris. Don't let him take advantage of you."

My heart sunk. So that was it. I was still a hormonal teenager in Jaymeson's eyes, a plaything. A friend, but not his equal, never his equal.

"What if I want him to?" I shrugged innocently. "I'm eighteen. I'm not a child, and you guys can't stop me. Thanks for the warning though. I'll be sure to bring my pepper spray in case he pulls down his pants."

They winced.

"After all, I'm so innocent to the ways of the world. We don't want the nice pastor's daughter getting taken advantage of on the beach."

I shook my head and walked toward the door. "Have a nice night, boys. I know I will."

Chapter Twenty-Seven

Jaymeson

I watched Pris leave. I was drowning with worry, as she took steps away from me and toward him.

"Is he bad news?" I asked Evan. "Tell me the truth."

Evan was silent a minute then shook his head. "I wouldn't say he's bad news. He's just used to getting what he wants."

"And he wants Pris," I said dryly.

"It would appear so." Evan yawned. "But I wouldn't worry. I mean, he just broke up with his last girlfriend. It's not like he's going to want to jump into anything."

"Is that code for he's going to go slow with Pris?"

"No offense." Evan held up his hands. "But should you really throw stones in that glass house of yours?"

I ground my teeth together. "I don't screw virgins - or take advantage of them."

Evan's eyes widened. "So that's what's bothering you?" He burst out laughing. "Wow, do the guys know?"

"What the hell are you talking about?"

Evan's smile grew wider. "That you're obsessed with the local pastor's daughter. Wow, that's awesome. You want her but can't have her? How's it feel? I mean, have you ever even faced rejection before?"

"Don't you have work to do?" Glaring at him, I changed the subject.

"Nope." He pointed to the boxes. "But you do. So work, bitch. I have some forms to fill out."

"Great."

"And Jaymeson?"

I looked up.

"I wouldn't worry too much. It's not like Smith has the same background you do. He doesn't screw girls for sport. If there's anyone you should be worried about, it's yourself."

Ouch. "What the hell, man?" The guy barely knew me.

He shrugged. "There's nothing worse than wanting something you can't have. It's like waving a red flag in front of a bull."

"I do possess self control," I seethed. "Believe me, I've been doing nothing but exercising that self control for the past week!"

"My point exactly." Evan picked up his sword from the floor. "Pretty soon you're going to run out, then what happens?"

My entire body deflated as the breath left my body.

"Right." He gave a firm nod. "I'll be in back if you need me."

I smacked the countertop with my palm. I could do it. I had to do it. Because she deserved better, though I wasn't totally convinced better was Smith. At least she was dating someone who could give her what she needed.

And that someone? Not me.

A scowl pinched my forehead as I started unpacking the boxes. Three hours later, they were emptied, and I was tempted to burn secondhand donations. People really didn't know how to give good stuff. A lot of the things had to be tossed because they either couldn't be cleaned or they were partially used.

I grabbed the last empty box and started to pull it apart when I noticed a twenty-dollar bill at the bottom.

Pris must have accidently dropped it, either that or someone wanted to make a donation to the church.

I explained to Evan that I was taking a break and drove over to the church to drop off the bill. Ridiculous that my heart sank when I didn't notice Pris's car in the parking lot.

With a grunt, I got out of my car and walked briskly through the doors, this time not pausing under the light - you know, just in case it decided to fall on me again.

"Hello?" I called.

I heard talking toward the end of the hall where the office was located. Sighing, I headed in that direction, but stopped when I heard crying.

"No, I understand, pastor." More sniffling. "It's just, are you sure there's not enough money to fix it?" She stopped talking, her agitated breathing the only sound for a few moments.

When she spoke again, she sounded defeated. "I see. No, but, surely if you tell the church members they'll want to help." More silence. "I know times are tough but maybe if you explain-" She let out a heavy sigh. "So where will Pris stay? You can't sell the house in that condition."

More sniffling followed. "Alright, sir. I'll keep an eye on her until you return. I'll sport my best smile, but know that I don't agree. Not one bit. Nothing wrong with asking for help. Yes, well you have a good evening as well."

When I was sure the conversation was over, I rounded the corner and walked into the brightly-lit office.

"Oh, hello." The lady smiled, wiping stray tears from underneath her eyes. "Sorry, allergies. How can I help you?"

I gave her a kind smile and approached her desk. "This was in one of the donation boxes, I wasn't sure if it was Pris's or if someone was donating money to the church, so I thought I'd drop it off." I slid the twenty-dollar bill across the desk.

"Oh, my! Thank you, dear. We'll just put it in the offering for this week." Her smile didn't reach her eyes. She was stressed about the phone call.

I took a seat.

Her eyes narrowed. "Was there something else?"

"How bad is it?" I asked.

"I don't know what you're-"

"The damage to their house," I interrupted. "How bad?"

She still didn't answer. I looked at her nameplate and smiled. "Stella, you can tell me."

"Bad," she blurted. "The poor pastor can't afford to fix it, especially not after flying to the Philippines for mission work and Pris is talking nonsense about using her college fund. And the house is not even livable! They can't live in a house with smoke damage! Why the entire basement is destroyed, never mind the electrical! They need to re-wire the entire house!" She burst into tears again, then apologized as she blew her nose into a tissue.

"No insurance?"

"They have flood insurance." She sniffled. "Not fire insurance."

"Damn Seaside," I muttered.

She glared.

"Sorry, er, it slipped."

"I don't know how they'll manage, though they always do. Well, Seaside is a good community. Our only hope is that people help out, but with the economy the way it is..." She shook her head. "That girl deserves to go to college. She's worked so hard."

"She will," I vowed. "I promise."

I stood and held out my hand. "This stays between us?"

Stella eyed my hand then shook it. "Of course, young man."

"Good." I smiled. "Thank you, love."

I could have sworn she melted into her chair as she gave me a giggling wave.

Storming out of the room, I pulled out my cell and dialed Peter's number.

He answered on the third ring.

"What?"

"I need help."

"Shit. Are you in trouble?"

"I'm in Seaside, what the hell kind of trouble do you think I could get into? Humping a whale?"

"Jaymeson, I don't have time for this. I-"

"Look, I just need one of your assistants to look up the best electrician in Seaside, a good carpenter, and homeowner's insurance that covers everything."

"Are you buying a house?" His voice was stunned.

"No." I rolled my eyes. "I'm saving one."

I hung up and got into my car. Pris didn't have to know it was me - nobody did - to them it would be the community. I knew how much she hated charity, but this way she could go to school. And at least when I left Seaside, I'd be leaving a part of myself behind.

Not that that wasn't my reality already. Because I was pretty sure Pris already owned a piece of my black heart, and damn if I wanted to take it back.

Chapter Twenty-Eight

Priscilla

Smith was late.

Which meant I was pacing in the condo, wearing clothes I wasn't totally sure looked good.

Fashion hadn't always been my thing. I mean, I dressed fine, but Alyssa's style was a bit louder than mine.

With a huff, I pulled out my phone and clicked on the conversation that had been going on between me and Jamie all day.

Me: Can you tell me if I look okay?

I attached a selfie and waited.

Jamie Hudson: Go change.

Me: That bad?

Jamie Hudson: No. That good. I don't want him ripping your clothes off like some bad sex scene in a movie. Don't you own a sweater?

Me: They aren't my clothes. They're my cousin Alyssa's. She has a different style than I do.

Jamie Hudson: Hmm, put us on video chat.

I panicked. I mean, we'd never chatted before. I wasn't sure it was such a good idea.

Jamie Hudson: Stop over analyzing, I want you to take me into your closet.

Me: This feels weird.

Jamie Hudson: Video chat. Now.

I turned on the video chat but couldn't really see him, the room was dark, he was wearing a baseball cap, a hoody, and nerdy glasses that made him look like a teenager.

"Okay," I said out loud, feeling like an idiot. "Can you hear me?"

"Loud and clear." He chuckled, his voice was smooth, really clear, almost too perfect, like he was taking special care with each word.

"So here's the closet."

"Does she own a mall?" He laughed. "Okay, take me to the right."

Giggling, I faced the phone to the right where her sweaters were located. "I vote the loose necked striped hoody with leggings, boots, warm socks, and a hat."

"So you want me to be completely covered from head to toe?"

"That's the idea," he said. "What? Did you want my help or not?"

"Yes," I grumbled, reaching for the clothes.

"Okay." He drew out the ay. "Now set me down, go change and show me again."

Rolling my eyes, I set the phone down. "Give me a few minutes."

I ran into the bathroom, quickly changed, and rolled my eyes knowing that he was right about the outfit. The one I'd had one earlier was a low cut tank top with skinny jeans.

Picking up the phone, I faced it toward me and did a one-up of my outfit. "This better?"

"Hmm, I don't know, I may have to look again."

Laughing, I pointed at the phone. "No more! It would be improper."

"Bummer." He sighed. "You look hot, but not too hot."

"Is that a compliment?"

"I believe so." He sounded surprised. "At any rate, if he touches you, I'm flying up there and cutting off his hand."

"We're kind of dating, isn't that the point?"

"No." I could see his head shake. "Not the point. The point is to get to know someone without sticking your tongue down their throat."

"That would suffocate me."

"My point exactly." He pointed at the phone. "Don't let him suffocate you!"

The doorbell rang.

"Oops! That's him, gotta go!"

"Let me know when you get home!"

"Okay! Night!'

"Night, love."

I hesitated over the End button then pressed it. Every time he called me love my stomach flipped over like a pancake.

Grabbing my purse, I ran to the door and opened it.

Smith was leaning against the frame, his muscular body putting off so much heat I could feel him even though I wasn't touching him.

"You look perfect." He eyed me up and down. "Ready to roast?"

"Always."

He offered his arm as we walked to the car. I looked back at the condo then at Jaymeson's house. A figure stood silhouetted in the window. He still wore his baseball cap - must have just arrived home.

"You getting in the truck?" Smith asked.

"Oh sorry." I lifted myself into the truck and buckled my seatbelt. By the time I looked back at Jaymeson's house the figure was gone, and I was left to wonder if it was all my imagination. Why would he care? Why should he?

"I brought blankets," Smith said as he started the truck. "Just in case it gets cold. That way we can cuddle under the stars."

"Awesome." My answer sounded forced.

"I, for one, am hoping for snow."

"Why's that?"

"Because then I can trap you under that damn blanket all night long."

I shivered.

But not because my body was responding to him. Because my mind immediately went to Jaymeson and lying with him in bed.

"Me too." I reached across the console and grabbed his hand. "Thanks for taking me out."

"I'd take you anywhere," Smith whispered.

Chapter Twenty-Nine

Jaymeson

I'd nearly had a stroke when I saw her original outfit. What the hell was she thinking? She might as well have been naked; her boobs had practically begged to be touched.

Damn, I'd even wanted to reach through that freaking phone and caress every part of her tan skin.

I'd almost lost it.

But at least she asked my opinion, or that of Jamie Hudson. The American accent wasn't hard to do - I'd been acting since I was three. But for some reason talking to her, using a different voice, hiding my identity... it felt wrong.

I knew I needed to tell her sooner rather than later.

Then again, when I left, she would probably hate me. I needed that line of communication with her.

It was like my drug.

For the next few hours I kept myself busy answering e-mails. It seemed Peter's assistants had found some great contractors to work on the house. They could have everything done by the time Pris's family returned from their trip.

I e-mailed every last one of them and offered them double to get it done faster.

They were going to be at the house at seven a.m.

Satisfied that I'd at least helped as much as I could, I went to grab a beer from the fridge and glanced at the clock.

Midnight? What the hell were they doing? That was a five-hour date! Unfortunately, my mind started conjuring up all the different things they could accomplish in five hours.

By the time my damn brain was finished, I had Pris pregnant and hooked on meth.

Shit.

I must have fallen asleep on the couch because later when I looked at the clock it was three a.m.

Like a complete idiot, I messaged her on Facebook.

Me: You back from your date yet?

Priscilla S: Yeah, I got back a while ago.

Me: A while?

Yes I wanted the exact time, because clearly I liked torturing myself with images of them together.

Priscilla S: One.

Me: Whoa, you had a bonfire that long?

Priscilla S: No, we stayed at the bonfire for about two hours then went back to his place.

Shaking with rage, I struggled to type a response.

Me: To do what? Make cookies?

Priscilla S: No, we watched a movie.

Me: And when you say watch you mean... had sex?

Holy crap! Why the hell was she hesitating? She either did or didn't!

Priscilla S: You have an active imagination. No, no sex, just movie watching, and a bit of kissing.

I sighed and nearly collapsed out of my chair.

Me: Define a bit.

Priscilla S: Jamie! It's late! I'm tired and starving. I was too upset to eat dinner.

Me: Why were you upset?

Priscilla S: I don't want to talk about it.

Me: Jaymeson?

Priscilla S: He kissed me.

Me: Wait, I thought you were dating this other guy?

Priscilla S: It was an accident. Jaymeson seems to enjoy that. Accidently kissing me, accidently breaking my heart without realizing it, then accidently pushing me into the arms of available men, it's his thing.

I scratched my chin and frowned at the screen. Well, when she put it that way I sounded like an ass**le.

Me: I'm sorry.

Surely the messages were taking a while to deliver, right? I mean, that's why she was answering so slow! I fought the urge to bang my head against the wall as I waited.

Priscilla S: It's okay. It's probably for the best. I mean, come on. He's, Jaymeson... I'm just me. I'm kind of like the shiny new toy he can't get to work just right so he keeps playing with it. Sooner or later he'd get bored, and sooner or later I'd get put back in the toy box, never to be touched again. It's better this way.

I swore violently, almost throwing my phone against the wall. That's what she thought of herself? A freaking toy? A distraction? Hell, no!

Me: I doubt he feels that way. He's probably just protecting you.

Priscilla S: Funny, because I don't remember asking for protection.

Me: You're young...

Priscilla S: Not you too.

Panicking, I tried to make it better.

Me: Hey, guys stick together! But you're my friend - I'm on your side.

Priscilla S: ?

Me: He's a jackass.

Priscilla S: J Thanks for your help today btw.

Me: Anytime you want me to dress or undress you - just name the place.

Priscilla S: Very funny.

Me: I'm a funny guy.

I was grinning at my phone like a complete lunatic. Gripping it in my hand so hard that I'm surprised it didn't crush under the pressure.

Me: Get some sleep, love.

Priscilla S: 'K. Night.

Me: Night.

I chewed my lower lip in thought. It was the first night Pris and I hadn't actually spent the evening together. Damn, I needed a key to that place.

Brilliance struck

I quickly dialed Demetri's number.

He didn't answer.

I dialed again.

Finally, he answered and swore into the phone. "I swear I'm crushing your balls with a shovel. What the hell, Jay?"

"Where's your spare key?"

"What?"

"For your condo?"

"Why do you need a spare key? Just knock, you ass."

"I think I smell smoke," I lied.

"What!" He shrieked. "Under the pig, it's under the pig."

"Thanks." I hung up and ran outside then up the stairs to the condo. Pig, pig, pig. I searched high and low then saw next to one of the planters an ugly demon pig that looked somewhat possessed.

It was missing an eye.

Good thinking, Demetri, nobody would think a rock star lived here.

I picked up the dirty ceramic pig. The key shone underneath. I let out a sigh of relief that Pris was smart enough to keep the key under the pig rather than risk losing it by throwing it into her gigantic purse.

"Brilliant." I quickly unlocked the door and put the key back under the pig, patting its head and muttering a thanks like an inanimate object had actually helped me break into my friend's house.

Great, so I'd lied and forced entry, just add it to my list of laws I was already breaking.

I gently pushed the door shut and froze. What the hell was I doing? I couldn't just crawl into bed with her - she'd think I was an intruder. And if she was sleeping I didn't want to wake her up! I really should have thought things through better.

With a groan, I turned to leave, then saw a light flicker on.

Curious, I followed the light into the bedroom.

Another light turned on.

And then Priscilla walked out of the bathroom.

In nothing but the shortest towel I'd ever had the pleasure of seeing on another human being.

"Aghhhh!" She screamed. Her towel dropped.

My jaw followed.

"Get out!" She wailed throwing a pillow at my face.

Yeah, I let that bastard hit me. It was worth it. I took in my fill then slowly, with a cocky grin, turned my head.

"What are you doing?" I heard foot stomping.

"Making sure you made it home safe," I said smoothly. "Alone."

"You're not my babysitter!" Pris huffed, opening one of the dresser drawers and rummaging through.

"I'd choose the lace ones, more feminine," I said in a helpful voice.

Eyes narrowing, she snatched the black lace, with a matching bra. My mouth went completely dry because now I could actually imagine her naked body in that getup. Of course it helped that when I looked to the right I caught a glimpse of her golden skin through the mirror in the bedroom.

Painful. My mind was too creative by half.

Wet hair pulled back into a ponytail, Pris marched back into the bedroom wearing short shorts and a tank top and crossed her arms. "You can leave now."

"Actually..." Damn, she smelled good. "I can't."

"Why?" Her mouth trembled. "You're not exactly my favorite person right now."

"I know." I sighed. "But I'm lonely."

"So you thought to break in? That's your solution?" Her eyes were wild. I loved how they seemed to swallow me whole as they got larger and larger with frustration.

"I'm British?" I offered.

She closed her eyes. "I can't win."

"Good that you know that. I mean, why try when you know you're going to lose? Can I have the left side, tonight?"

She hung her head and pressed her fingertips to her temples. "Sure, just don't suffocate me like last time. I woke up with your pillow pressed against my face."

"Would you rather it be something else?"

"I won't hesitate to lock you in the bathroom and play that scary movie by the door, Jaymeson."

"No suffocating, left side, got it." I quickly pulled off my shirt and pants, leaving only my black boxers on, and climbed into bed.

Pris, yawned and turned off the lights, then climbed in next to me.

"You're going to have to find another bed partner, Jaymeson."

"Why?"

"Because I'm dating Smith and I doubt he'd like the fact that you and I sleep in the same bed every night."

"He doesn't have to know." My voice taking a defensive edge. "It doesn't involve him."

"But it does." Pris's voice caught. "It does now. I want to make things work. I have to make things work."

A hint of desperation plagued her voice. Nodding, I kissed her head and whispered against her hair. "I'm not ready to let you go yet."

"Well, that makes two of us," she replied. "Now, be a good friend and try not to snore."

"Pris?"

"Hmm?"

"Can I hold you?"

The three beats of silence nearly killed me.

"Yeah."

I wrapped my arms around her body and sighed with contentment. This was it. I'd gone and done it. Because I'd rather hold her in my arms all night, then have sex with anyone else.

Ever.

Which meant only one thing.

I was going to murder Alec and Demetri - because they'd been right. I wasn't falling.

No.

I'd already fallen.

Chapter Thirty

Jaymeson

I whistled like a fool for the entire day. My morning with Pris had gone perfect. We'd woken up entangled. Arms and legs everywhere.

And I would have happily stayed that way if she wouldn't have punched me in the stomach for accidently grazing her boob.

Total accident by the way. It's not like I wanted her to chop off my fingers or anything. I knew when it was okay to touch... And waking up a girl by grabbing her? Probably the easiest way to lose one's balls.

I'd also been fielding phone calls most the morning from the crew that was currently at her house fixing things up. It seemed that the work wasn't going to take any longer than a week, which was good considering her parents would be home soon.

The only crappy part of that whole scenario was that the faster they worked, the closer she was to leaving me - and going back to her house where she belonged. Pretty sure starting another fire would land me in prison.

My days and nights started flooding together. I'd wake up with her body pressed against mine, and I'd tell myself that the next night would be different, that I'd tell her - either tell her or let her go.

Then she'd do something so damn adorable that I couldn't think straight.

We watched entire seasons of TV shows, ate breakfast every morning together. It was strange. I'd always thought that the day-to-day relationship stuff would end up scaring the hell out of me. Instead, it made me crave more.

Everything about being with her was exciting. Even making breakfast, even going into the bathroom and smelling her shampoo.

It wasn't fair.

It had to end. I had to do something, because if she said Smith's name one more time, I was going to freaking murder him.

It had been two weeks.

He texted her at night.

I hid her phone twice and lied about it.

Yes, I'd resorted to lying like a five-year-old in order to keep myself sane; I'd lied to myself about the whole thing. What we were doing wasn't normal, nor was it fair, but I was too selfish to change a damn thing.

****

"Morning, sunshine." I threw a pillow at Pris's face. She groaned and sent me a glare before slowly rolling out of bed. We'd fallen asleep on the couch watching movies again, arguing about why Lord of the Rings was better than Star Wars.

I was for Star Wars.

She was for LOTR.

I called her an immature toddler.

And in return I was called a grumpy ass-hat.

Just a typical evening for us.

"Tired," she grumbled.

"I'll make coffee." I whistled to myself as I walked into the kitchen. A buzzing sound interrupted my happy mood. Her phone was on the counter, and it was her dad.

Shit. He'd skin me alive if he knew what I was doing.

"Pris!" I called. "Your dad!"

She ran into the kitchen and snatched the phone out of my hands. "Hey, Dad, is everything okay?"

Her smile was enormous; she asked questions about some orphanage in the Philippines and then smiled some more as her dad chatted her up on the other side.

"Love you too," she answered and pressed End.

"Everything okay?" I scooted her coffee across the counter and waited.

She licked her lips and looked into her coffee. "I would do anything for my parents, even though I get annoyed that they're constantly gone or doing things for others, selfish right? I guess sometimes I just, I don't know...I miss being a family. Getting old sucks. But yeah," Her voice was resolute. "I'd do anything for them."

"Sounds like it." I smiled as jealousy stabbed me in the chest. She had the most amazing family I'd ever heard of. A family that ate every meal together, went on trips every summer, a dad who really trusted her so much that he never even had reason to question her.

It was hard not to be jealous - to crave what she had, and to be pissed at myself for tainting it.

With a sigh, she lifted the cup to her lips. "They said the orphanage is doing really well, and they're flying back into the country to go to Seattle and see my sister, then driving back."

"Soon." My heart dropped.

Her eyes met mine. "Few days."

I had a few days to play house before whatever we had was gone. I tried to keep my face emotionless, tried and failed as she reached across the counter and put her hand over mine. "I just want you to know..."

Oh great, another friend talk.

"You're one of the best people I know... I just... I love your heart. That's all." With a shrug she picked up her coffee and walked back toward the shower... While I sat down and grinned smugly into my mug, maybe things would turn out after all.

I just needed to get my shit together, murder Smith, and try not to get run over by her dad's car when I asked him for permission to date his daughter.

****

"You're sure in a good mood." Evan breezed into the room, threw on his jacket and snatched the keys from the counter.

"Where are you going?"

"Home." He smiled. "It's my half day."

"But-"

"Don't worry." He rolled his eyes. "I'm not leaving you alone. Smith comes in on Wednesdays to help."

"Oh good, maybe we can take our pants off and see whose is bigger."

"Right." Evan snorted. "You'd probably lose anyway."

"What the hell, man!"

"Kidding!" He waved goodbye and walked out the door. It wasn't but five minutes when Smith came waltzing into the place like he owned it.

Which I guess in a way he did - or his family did.

He was talking on his cell. "I can't wait to see you either, baby."

And good mood gone.

"No, no, it's fine. I think it will be good to talk." His eyes narrowed. "Listen, I told you not to worry about her, we're just hanging out..."

My ears perked up. What the hell? Was he cheating on Pris?

"Love you too."

Holy shit. I was seeing stars. If he was talking to Pris I was going to jump off a cliff and impale myself on the sharp rocks.

"Bye."

He tucked the phone back in his pocket and walked around to the cash register.

"So." I cleared my throat. "Got a few girls on the side?"

"Shit." Smith jumped a foot. "Do you always sneak up on people like that?"

"Depends." I closed the distance between us. "Do you always cheat?"

"I'm not cheating." He rolled his eyes. "I like Pris, she's been a great distraction."

"Distraction?" Seriously. Where did they keep the effing guns in this place?

"And maybe." He shrugged. "It could turn into more, you know? But..." His eyes went all hooded and lazy like he was high. "My ex is in town and she... she wants to talk. I love her. I've always loved her. You don't just get over your first love like that."

"I wouldn't know," I said crisply.

He snorted. "That's because you're like the tin man, you possess no heart."

"Coming from you? That's rich."

"Look, GQ, I don't know what crawled up your ass and died, but it's my business. Who the hell cares if I date Pris while I try to see if there's something still there with my ex? I owe it to myself to find out. Hell, I owe it to Pris to find out. It's not fair that I'm dating her and still half in love with Ang."

"Ang?" I repeated in a low voice. "Short for," I coughed. "Angelica?"

"You know her?" He smirked. Did the guy seriously not watch TV?

"Yeah," I said casually. "I knew her. I used to bang her." His eyes turned murderous, so I added, "A lot."

"Funny." His jaw clenched tightly. "She never mentioned you."

"YouTube it. We made a sex video." The lie fell easily from my lips.

That did it, he lunged for me, but luckily his cell phone rang. Swearing, he grabbed it and pasted a smile on his face.

"Hey, beautiful."

I flipped him off.

"Sure Pris, actually I'm kind of busy tonight, but lunch would be great."

That was it. I was going to set his car on fire.

Or put it in neutral and push it down a hill.

"Sure, sweetie. Miss you. Bye."

"You're a bastard." I shook my head in disgust.

"Says the guy whose claim to fame is how many chicks he can bag in one night."

"You forgot the million dollar movie deals." I tilted my head. "And the one Oscar nom, but it's cool. I know it's hard to keep track of all the details when the list is so long."

Smith's smile was terse. "Look, I don't care who you are or how much money you have, you know as well as I do that you're the worst sort of guy for her."

I opened my mouth to defend myself, but he kept talking.

"Jaymeson, you're a movie star. You don't belong here. She does. Leave her alone. Let her go to college, let her get married, get a dog, get fat and pregnant, have kids... massage her husband's feet after a long day at work..." His grin turned smug. "Let her have that life and you go back to your whores."

"Who says she wants that life?"

"Doesn't every girl?"

"Do you even know her?" I all but yelled. "The last thing she wants is to be home rubbing some bastard's feet!"

"Leave it." Smith's voice was hard, unyielding. "How long are you even here for? A few weeks? A month? And then you'll be... where? Across the world shooting a movie?

"And where will Pris be? Here." A satisfied grin slid over his face. "With me. So sure, if you want to throw your chips in, give it a shot. Go ahead and try, just know that when you leave, I'll still be here. When you're off making your millions, I'll have the one thing you want.

"Her. In. My. Bed."

My body shook with anger. "I should kill you."

"Do it. It wouldn't change things, Jaymeson. She'd still hate you. Regardless of the choice you make... I win."

"She isn't a damn prize!" I shouted. "She's-"

"-mine." He clipped. "Not yours."

The bell to the store chimed. Pris walked in wearing a long black cardigan with leggings and boots. "You guys look all flustered. Everything okay?"

"Brilliant." I stormed away from both of them and nearly sent the back door flying off its hinges as I made my way outside and sat on the steps.

Now would be a good time to start smoking.

But I hated the smell.

And drinking - not really an option on the job, plus I guessed Peter wouldn't be thrilled. It wouldn't exactly help my image.

As if I needed reminding of why I was really in Seaside, the phone went off. "Jaymeson?"

"What's up, Peter?"

"He wants you."

"What?" I whispered, my heart racing. "Who does?"

"Danny Erickson. Pre-production starts in two weeks, but he wants you to do a casting video."

"You're kidding."

"Nope." I could practically hear Peter's smile on the other end. "I found it hilarious as hell."

"Notice I'm not laughing."

"Hey, you want the part? You do the video. I'm e-mailing you the section of the script he wants you to recite. Don't screw up. Send it back as soon as you can."

"Fine."

"Hey, sound happier. If all goes well, you've just gotten another huge break, Jay."

"Right."

We hung up.

Within seconds, I received the e-mail.

Cringing, I opened up the attachment and almost threw up.

Scene: Harley wants Zach, but he's afraid of what it will mean for their relationship if he crosses the line - there's no going back. He's afraid his darkness will consume her. He's from the wrong side of the train tracks - and she has everything. A bright future, a rich family, a college scholarship. He would just drag her down. He goes to her house to tell her he can't see her anymore. His heart is breaking.

Harley: Zach? What are you doing here! (Harley's surprised but excited to see Zach)

Zach: (Doesn't make eye contact) I needed to talk to you. Do you have a minute?

Harley: (opens door and lets him in) Sure. Come on, my parents aren't home so we can talk in the living room.

Zach: (follows Harley, his face contorting with sadness as he takes in her house one last time) We can't see each other anymore.

Harley: (confused) What do you mean?

Zach: I can't be your friend.

Harley: (steps closer to Zach and reaches out to touch his arm) Why? I don't understand.

Zach: (laugh without humor, look around the room, look at everything but her) You wouldn't. How could you?

Harley: What's that supposed to mean?

I quickly exited out of the script and looked down at my shaking hands. Was this some cruel joke? I had never read the books, but I'd had no idea how familiar that particular script would sound to my own life.

"Jaymeson?" Smith called from inside.

Reluctantly, I walked back into the building to face the firing squad. "Yes?"

"We're off to lunch. Think you can handle things while I'm gone?" Yeah, probably not. So far there had only been ten or fifteen fans that had come in asking for autographs. For the most part, people stayed away, which I can only assume was because they'd gotten their fill of me when I filmed the webisodes earlier that year.

"I'm sure I can manage." I smiled at Pris. "Good day today?"

She nodded, but was quickly shielded by Smith. "Later."

"Asshole," I muttered then walked over to the cash register and pulled out my phone. At least I had Jamie Hudson. Smith might not know it, but I'd been on every date he'd had with her. And I wasn't about to back off.

Especially now that I knew his ex was the Spawn of Satan.

An idea - a terrible one came to mind.

I shouldn't.

I really shouldn't involve myself.

Cursing, I quickly dialed the number I'd come to memorize for self preservation.

It rung twice. "Hello?" I swear my body full on trembled then threatened to puke up all contents of my stomach at the sound of that woman's voice. I wondered if it was similar to the reaction people had when getting audited.

"Angelica."

"Asshole!" she greeted. "What's up?"

"How's life?"

She snorted. "Yeah, let's not play around. What do you want? I'm driving."

"Smith, I don't know the ass**le's last name, just Smith, you know like Beyonce."

She sighed then answered,"...yeah?"

"He's your ex?"

"So?"

"Is he?"

Angelica popped her gum in the phone. "Yes, but how do you even know that?"

"I know it because he just told me and within the same breath may have mentioned dating another girl. An innocent girl." I swallowed. "Ang, she's not like us."

She sighed heavily into the phone. "Local girl?"

"Pastor's daughter."

"Serious?"

"She's pretty."

"Well, no shit, Jay. I think it's probably the same girl he was with last week. Alright, so why are you calling me?"

"Are you guys getting back together?"

"Not that it's any of your business." She snapped her gum. "But possibly. We just have a lot of drama to work out. It's not easy dating a civilian."

I laughed at that.

"Jay, why are you really calling?"

"I like her."

Why the hell I was telling Angelica this? No idea.

"Shut the hell up!" She burst out laughing. "Aw, Jay, I almost feel sorry for you."

"Don't."

"Fine." She huffed out an exasperated breath. "You're lucky I turned over a new leaf."

"Oh?"

"Yes. I'm no longer evil. I traded in my magic wand and everything."

"You had a wand?"

"It was white." She sighed. "And filled with magic I snorted every freaking day until sunset." I heard her honk her horn and curse. "At any rate. I'm over it. Where did they go?"

"Out to eat."

"Duh, you said lunch, do you know where?"

"No, But I can find out."

"Find out and text me."

"I thought you put away your magic wand."

Angelica cackled. "Yeah, I put it away. The drugs are gone but I've still got bitch written all over me. You want the girl. I want the guy. I'm just going to help things along."

"And by help you mean... me?"

"And me." She snorted. "I'm not entirely selfless."

"I would never accuse you of such a thing, believe me."

"Nice."

I swallowed my pride. "Thanks, Angelica."

With a heavy sigh she answered. "Well, you're hot so I can't really say no. And you were one of the only guys in the last year who didn't try to murder me in my sleep, so I figure I owe you."

"I'll text you in a minute."

"Sounds good. I'm headed downtown now."

I hung up and quickly got on my messages.

Me: What are you doing?

Priscilla S: Driving to get food.

Me: Where?

Priscilla S: Um, Seaside? Where I live.

Me: Silly, what restaurant? I wanna look it up on Google Earth.

Priscilla S: Creepy hobby, and it's called Seaside Brewery.

Dammit! The same place I had taken her?

Me: Oh cool.

I clicked over to my text messaging.

Me: Seaside Brewery right off Main.

Angelica: Great beer. Love that place. Cool, be there in ten.

The minute she sent me that last text, my heart dropped to my stomach. What the hell was I doing?

It was Angelica, what if she made a scene? What if it embarrassed Priscilla? And then my heart started hammering harder. What if it broke her heart? And it was because of me?

Dammit! I quickly locked up and ran out of the store.

Chapter Thirty-One

Priscilla

Was it wrong to think of Jaymeson and only Jaymeson while I watched Smith order the exact same beer and sit in the exact same spot we had just three days before?

Not one to mess with destiny, I ordered fish and chips. Again.

"So what are your plans tonight?" I casually took a sip of water as Smith cleared his throat and broke eye contact.

"Grandma." He nodded. "Helping her walk the dog."

I laughed. "That's sweet."

"Well." He shrugged in an aw-shucks way and reached for my hand. "She's adorable and we usually spend one night a week hanging out."

Okay, so he took his grandma's dog on a walk for her? And voluntarily spent time with her? He earned extra points for that.

His face fell.

"What?" I squeezed his hand. "What is it?"

"Nothing." He laced his fingers in mine. "I just wish I was hanging out with you, that's all."

"Well, why don't we hang out afterwards?"

"There's an idea." He smiled. "How about I text you when I'm done with her?"

I nodded and released his hand as the food was brought to our table. I was just about ready to grab a fry when Smith started choking.

"Are you okay?" I reached for him, but he jerked away and stood, still coughing.

"Asshole!" a feminine voice all but shouted, gaining attention from other patrons of the restaurant. "What do we have here?"

It was the girl from the first night we'd gone on a date. The famous one. Angelica, I think.

"Hi," I said cheerfully.

"You poor thing. I almost feel sorry for you." The way she said it wasn't mean. It was almost like she pitied me and wanted to rescue me at the same time. She patted my hand and gave it a squeeze then turned her full attention to Smith.

"Make your choice."

"But-"

Angelica released my hand and smacked him on the shoulder. "I won't ask again. Either we make this work or I walk."

"Make this work?" I repeated, my mind unable to figure out what the heck was going on.

And then Jaymeson ran into the restaurant nearly colliding with a waitress as he made his way over to our table. "Bloody hell."

"You did this!" Smith reached around Angelica trying to grab Jaymeson.

He took a step back and sneered. "You did this to yourself!"

"Let's go, Pris." Smith reached for my hand but I jerked back. Horrified, by what was taking place. Could I trust anyone?

"She doesn't want you!" Jaymeson shouted. "Just leave her alone. Haven't you done enough?"

"Me?" Smith's eyes widened.

"Stop." Angelica held up her hands. "Damn, I've never been accused of being the voice of reason." She turned to me. "Look, local girl, I'm Smith's ex, and we've been dating on and off for eight months. We were going to meet tonight since I was back in town meeting my counselor for the weekend. This guy..." She pointed to Jaymeson. "...panicked, and called me because the idiot I used to call my boyfriend let it slip about who I was. And... yeah, I think you're all caught up."

I was so embarrassed I almost couldn't speak. Jaymeson had rejected me, Smith was basically occupying himself with me until Angelica was back, and that left me.

Alone.

And ashamed.

And feeling like a fool.

"Excuse me." I stood, grabbed my purse, and walked to the bathroom, locking myself inside. Tears poured down my face as I tried to catch my breath, but it felt like my chest was going to explode.

"Pris!" Jaymeson knocked. "Pris, I know you're in there. Come out, love, we need to talk. We should talk."

"Give me a minute."

"Fine, but if you don't come out I'm just going to stalk you."

"Jamie Hudson Jaymeson!" a voice shouted. "Get your ass over here and say thank you."

I froze.

Jamie Hudson Jaymeson?

Jamie Hudson?

Oh no, no, no, no, no. With shaking hands I pulled out my phone and looked at my instant messages.

Jamie Hudson.

LA.

Movie Industry.

Feeling like I was going to be sick I leaned over the sink and gripped it with my hands.

"I'm back," Jaymeson said softly. "I'm not leaving until you come out."

He wanted me to come out?

Fine.

Me: Rough day.

I wanted to swear. No wonder he always knew where I was, and what I was doing. It was almost like he could read my mind.

Jamie Hudson: Aw, babe what happened?

I pulled open the door and glared.

"Some ass**le pretended to be my friend, lied to me, lied to me some more, and then rejected me... oh, I don't know, is it three times now?" I grabbed his phone out of his hand and slammed it onto the ground shattering it on contact.

"Pris, I can explain-"

"Go to hell, Jaymeson."

****

Her cowboy boots slammed against the wood floor as she walked out of the restaurant, away from me, away from the fake me.

Leaving me with nothing.

"Ouch." Angelica whistled. "What did you do? Try to take her pants off?"

"No." My voice broke. "I lied."

"Was it a big lie?" Angelica asked curiously. I noticed that Smith was nowhere to be seen.

"Huge."

"Want a beer?"

"No." I shook my head. "I want a do-over."

Angelica's face fell. "Jay, I'm not Dr. Phil, but maybe you should go after her, try to explain why you did what you did."

"That's just it." I sighed. "I did it out of purely selfish reasons - and I can't even feel sorry, because lying to her was the best time I've had with a girl. She didn't treat me any different, she treated me like I was normal."

Angelica's hand moved to my shoulder. "Not to be a smart ass, but looks to me like she treated you pretty normal when she stormed out of here."

I gave her a small smile. "Thanks, Ang."

"Yeah, well..." She rolled her eyes. "New leaf."

"I like this leaf."

Her smile was warm. "I do too."

With a sigh I stared at the door. "What do I do now?"

"It's called apologizing. Men often engage in such activities after they've stuck their own foot in their mouths."

"Great. And just how do I go about doing... that."

"Truth." Ang slapped my back. "Always the way to go."

"And if she doesn't listen?"

She held up her hand. "That part I do know. You kiss her."

"I kiss her even when she's mad?"

"You may get slapped." She shrugged. "But it will be worth it."

"Alright." I stared at the door. "I'm going into the lion's den."

"Go get 'em, England."

I made it as far as the door before turning around. "Where did Smith go?"

"He made a grand exit." Angelica's face lit up with humor. "And I flipped him off when his back was turned."

"Dysfunctional."

"Always." She winked. "Now go get your woman."

I saluted and ran to my car.

Chapter Thirty-Two

Priscilla

I walked to my house.

I just wanted to be home. I didn't want to be at my cousin's condo and I didn't want to be anywhere near Jaymeson. He'd just try to break in now that he knew where the stupid key was. And I was pretty sure that if he started talking to me, I'd cry.

And I'd just suffered enough embarrassment to last me forever.

Sucking my tears in, I finally made it to my house and froze.

Construction workers were everywhere.

"Um..." I grabbed the first hard hat to walk by me. "What's going on?"

He gave me a curious look. "There was a fire, we're fixing the house."

"I know there was a fire. It's my house."

His face lit up. "Oh, well did you want to see our progress?"

"No, that's fine." I crossed my arms and chewed my lower lip as people filed in and out of the house. "Do you know who's in charge?"

"You're looking at him."

"Oh." I shook my head. "Sorry, long day, um, so who told you to work on the house? Is this some sort of community donation or something?"

"Sorry." He gave an apologetic smile. "I've gotta get back to work, the guy who's paying us said we'd get bonuses if we finished early."

"Who's paying you?" I yelled as he walked away.

"Sorry!" He shrugged. "I'm not supposed to say. Have a great day!" He waved and disappeared into the house.

With nowhere to go, I dug my keys out of my purse and got into my car. I was too numb to be excited about the house.

At this point I didn't care.

You know how when you're little and nervous to talk in front of people - the advice is always to imagine everyone naked?

Well. I felt naked and exposed. How could he? How could he pretend to be my friend online for months? And then not tell me! I felt so stupid, all those times I was talking about Jaymeson, about missing him. My heart beat wildly. I had actually been talking to him.

And when I'd asked for advice.

Tears of embarrassment stung my eyes until I couldn't hold them in anymore. The worst part? He knew every vulnerable thing about me. Everything. Jaymeson had cut me open and filleted me alive.

He'd pushed me into the arms of another guy only to be witness to that same guy basically cheating on me.

Nobody enjoys feeling unwanted, and maybe I was feeling extra sorry for myself, but how was it fair that Jaymeson acted the way he did?

He kept me close, he kissed me, he slept in the same bed - all without touching me. It was like he refused to let me go.

I needed him to let me go.

I needed to cut whatever string held us together.

With shaking hands I parked at the condo and pulled up my Facebook profile.

Delete.

Still trembling, I clicked through my photos from the wedding on my phone, and deleted every last one where Jaymeson was present.

My legs may as well have been lead as I walked up the stairs to the condo. Feeling like I was going to puke, I hurried and grabbed the key from under the pig and let myself in.

Fresh tears streamed down my cheeks as I slowly made my way into the kitchen, only to find Jaymeson sitting at the breakfast bar.

"Don't go," he whispered without turning around. His hands were wrapped around a mug.

"If I stay - then you need to go."

"If you stay," he repeated, lifting his head. I could see the muscles tense in his back. Did he have to be so perfect? Was he really that bored with his life? So bored that he needed to use me as entertainment?

"I'm not apologizing," he finally said.

Seriously?

"I love your curves. I love your smile. Your hands. Even your feet. I love every piece of you - every piece fits perfectly together to make you who you are."

"Jaymeson..."

"I wanted all of you without you having to sacrifice anything. I thought if I was your friend, I could still be a part of your life...somehow. A small part."

"But that's not what you did!" I shouted and threw my purse onto the floor. "You lied to me!"

"But-"

"No!" I grabbed him by the shoulders and turned his body around. "You made me fall for you! You made me believe that you were an entirely different person! You made me look forward to your messages, to our talks-"

"I looked forward to them too!" He stood and gripped my shoulders. "That's what I'm saying! I didn't want to give it up!"

"But you had me!" I shrugged out of his grip. "You had me and didn't want me! Were you bored? Was that it? You thought it would be fun to play with my emotions? Hmm, let me see how Pris reacts when I reject her and push her into the arms of another...and then pull the little string tighter so she's consumed by me."

He perked up. "Consumed?"

"I. Hate. You." I spat the words, perversely enjoying the way he flinched at each one. "I offered friendship - and that still wasn't enough. You still weren't satisfied!"

"I won't be satisfied, dammit!" He grabbed me by the waist and picked me up into his arms. "I won't be satisfied until you're mine! Not Smith's! Not Jamie Hudson's. But mine!"

His mouth slammed against my lips.

I arched back, planning to slap him, but he dropped me to my feet and pushed me up against the kitchen wall.

With a growl I pushed against his chest, then bit his lip. He retaliated by gripping my wrists and pinning them behind my back so we were chest to chest.

"Let me go," I whimpered against his mouth.

"That's been the problem all along." His breathing was ragged. "I can't."

"Please." Tears streamed down my face. "I can't either. I can't do this. I need lines, Jaymeson. You said I could have them. I can't kiss you today and be your friend tomorrow."

"I could never be your friend." Jaymeson's eyes drilled into mine. "Friendship doesn't feel like this. Friendship doesn't feel like I want to kill any guy who looks at you longer than two seconds. Friendship doesn't feel like my body's burning from the inside out. I want you."

"For a night?" His grip released on my hands, freeing me to push against his chest.

"No." He pushed me back, pinning my arms above my head against the wall. "For as many nights as you're willing to give me - for as many sunrises and sunsets as I can count, not just for breakfast, but lunch and dinner. I want your future. I want the dates you haven't yet planned, the moments you've yet to experience. I want them all."

My chin trembled as he gripped it firmly between his fingers. "Don't you get it?" His voice wavered. "It's you. It's always been you. The whole time. For the past three months. You and only you."

"But-"

He kissed forcefully, cutting off my words with his mouth, making me forget to use sentences and nouns and verbs. "What can I do to convince you that I'm serious? That you're my downfall-my everything?"

"I don't know," I whispered.

He released my hands and let them fall to my side then dipped his fingers into my hair, closing his eyes and leaning his forehead against mine.

Jaymeson stepped back, releasing my body. I felt his absence - like my body had lost all its heat at once. Like I'd been stabbed with an icicle. With a shiver, I crossed my arms.

I'd never seen a man look at a woman the way he was looking at me - From the pitiful look on his face, to his completely deflated posture - vulnerability was written all over him.

With a sigh he lifted his long sleeve shirt over his head and threw it on the ground. "One. When I was little my dad rarely visited me. He was too busy to care. So I had my Nanna, my grandmother. She told me she loved me every second of every day."

He unlaced a boot and threw it. "Two. I was three when I realized my mom didn't love me. A year later she told me to my face."

My breath hitched.

He unlaced another boot and dropped it with a thud. "Three. When Nanna put my mom to bed, after another one of her drunken threats, she let me cry on her shoulder and told me that just because someone says they don't love you doesn't mean you aren't lovable. It just means they aren't capable of such a pure emotion."

His muscled arms reached for his t-shirt as he lifted it off his head and threw it where he'd tossed his boots, leaving him in a tank top. "Four. When my Nanna disappeared, my mom told me it was because Nanna didn't want to take care of me anymore. You see, my mom was jealous of her then four-year-old son. Nanna had given me a bear to sleep with - in a drunken rage my mom threw it in the fire. When I called my father, he said I was too old to be playing with stuffed animals. I never saw Nanna again."

Slowly, he peeled his tank top from his body. "Five. Nanna died in her sleep - I later found out that her heart simply gave out - and as a kid I didn't understand what that meant, so I naturally assumed it meant because I'd been a bad boy... I'd made her tired, and I'd made her love me. I'd been selfish. And in the end, I blamed myself for her death. Because maybe if I hadn't needed her so much - she would have been able to have enough strength to live just a little bit longer."

His jeans fell to his ankles, he stepped out. "Six. The last person I was vulnerable with is cold, dead, in the ground. She was also the last person I gave my heart to. When she died, I think a part of me died too. It was the first experience I had with reality. With knowing that life was naturally ugly, not beautiful. The last time I had something to live for...was when I was a child." He took a tentative step toward me. "Until I met you."

Tears streamed down my face.

Jaymeson took another step, his dark hair covering part of his face as the afternoon light cast shadows into the room. "Until you turned my world upside down."

Another step.

I was paralyzed as I watched him move smoothly toward me, every plane of muscle tightening, keeping perfect cadence with my chest.

His hand reached out to touch my cheek. "You're not the first female - Nanna gets that honor - but you will be the last."

Chapter Thirty-Three

Jaymeson

I couldn't read her. I wasn't sure I wanted to. I'd just stripped naked in front of her - but to me, it was the only way I could actually be fully vulnerable - stripped down to nothing, both emotionally and physically, and pray she understood that what I was doing was for her-

I'd never done for anyone else in my life, nor would I ever. Because as far as I was concerned, Pris was it.

Tense silence blanketed the room. And then, Pris pressed her cheek against my hand, closing her eyes.

Drained, I pulled her into my arms and held her.

With a sudden jerk, she pulled back - only to press her hot mouth against mine.

My legs almost gave way as she kissed me, kissed away the pain I'd just sliced open, kissed away the embarrassment at being so insecure about the man that I was -her kiss healed.

It didn't take.

It gave.

Shaking, I lifted her into my arms and carried her to the couch, laying her flat on her back so I could lie next to her and just... kiss her, play with her hair, touch her - as long as it involved her I was all in.

Our mouths nipped and sucked, alternating between pushing and teasing. Every kiss was new, exciting, as if I'd never actually kissed a girl until this moment in my life.

My hands instinctively went to her hips, dragging her body closer to mine as I hovered over her.

"You're not going to disappear on me again, are you?" Pris asked, briefly pulling her mouth from mine.

"Not a chance in hell," I muttered, taking her lips between my teeth. "You'd have to kill me."

"I almost did earlier."

"All you had to do was ask and I would have jumped off a cliff for you." I slid my tongue into her mouth then pulled it back out. "I would do anything for you."

"Good." Her back arched as my hand slid up her side. "Because I've been dying to get an autographed poster for months."

Our teeth hit from both of us laughing. I gave the side of her ass a firm slap and shook my head. "I'll sign every damn poster in your room if you promise to let me sleep on the left."

"What is it with you and the left?" She tried to get up, but I pushed her down, nipping her lips with small kisses then doing the same to her cheeks, her eyelids. I tugged her shirt over her shoulders. My mouth met creamy smooth skin and I almost died.

"I just like the left. Besides you sleep on your right and I sleep on my left, meaning when I wake up..." I licked the spot I'd just kissed. "...I wake up to you."

She let out a sigh as my mouth moved to her neck and then blew in her ear.

"I love waking up to you."

"Funny, I thought whores couldn't go out in the sunlight."

"Vampires." I tugged her ear with my teeth. "But I understand why you'd be confused since I'm a badass."

"Werewovles," she blurted. "More of a werewolf fan."

"Remind me to take that werewolf script." I laughed into her hair, breathing hard from exerting myself so much. I'd never carried on a conversation with a girl while kissing her.

I was in uncharted territory.

And I was so damn nervous I was shaking.

"What's wrong?"

"I'm nervous," I said honestly, then pulled back to look into her eyes. "I've never done this before."

Her eyebrows furrowed. "Isn't that my line?"

"No." I tilted her chin so I could kiss her mouth again. Her lips would be the death of me. "I've never kissed a girl without it leading anywhere. I've never, um..." Shit, my face felt red. "Made out."

Her grin widened as she wrapped her arms around my neck and jerked me against her. My entire body went rigid with pent-up frustration - with want.

"Well, allow me to demonstrate." Her voice was husky. "First you kiss me, and then..." her hands inched down my naked chest. "You may or may not touch me."

"Touching." I gripped her hips. "Right."

"And there's always tongue." She licked my lips, the minx.

"God, I love your tongue."

"And sometimes there's more. Clothing may come off... Then again, you're already in nothing but boxer briefs."

I smirked. "Vulnerable, love. It's called being vulnerable, not naked."

"Is that what we're calling it?"

"Yes," I said seriously. "With you, always."

"With anyone else?" Her eyes searched mine.

I kissed her nose. "Never."

Deep brown eyes met my gaze as her hands closed over mine and then slowly slid them underneath her shirt.

Cursing, I closed my eyes as my fingers memorized every damn curve, every goose bump they came into contact with.

When my thumbs grazed her bra. I stopped.

Pris smiled.

"You shouldn't tempt the devil."

"I don't see a devil," she whispered. "I see... you. Only you."

My eyes blurred for a moment, as if they were struggling to take in her beauty - my body trembled - unable to accept the compliment for what it was.

Swallowing against the dryness in my throat, I gently pulled her against me - trembling as my mouth met hers more urgently than before, no longer asking permission but pouring my freaking soul into every touch, every caress.

She shivered.

When my tongue touched hers, I lost complete control of my senses. My body demanded that I prove to her what I felt words couldn't express, but I was torn, because at the same time, I didn't want a repeat of my past.

I wanted a new beginning.

Her hands moved to my boxers.

My body damn near screamed.

With a groan, my hand grazed her side, reaching to the back of her bra.

"HOLY SHIT!" someone screamed.

With a curse, I fell off the couch and hit my head against the coffee table, while Priscilla covered herself with a pillow, even though she wasn't naked.

"Dammit!" Demetri stormed into the room. "Babe, where's my gun?"

Alyssa rolled her eyes.

"Bastard!" Demetri walked around the couch and pulled me off the floor.

Well, at least I wasn't so aroused I was embarrassing myself. I had no fight in me, so I simply smiled.

Even when he punched me across the jaw.

Pris screamed.

Alyssa laughed.

And I smiled. It would hurt like hell in the morning, but I felt buzzed, like I'd just downed an entire six-pack of beer. He could beat the shit out of me and I'd still be smiling. Because I had her.

"I swear..." Demetri shoved me against the wall. "If you screwed her, I'm going to knife you!"

"Violent," I mumbled under my breath.

"Guys!" Priscilla pushed Demetri away. "Nothing happened."

At least she'd had enough sense to right all her clothing. It was distracting enough watching her swollen mouth form words. Pretty sure my own mouth was hanging open still, in shock, in arousal, in... lust?

"The hell it didn't!" Demetri spat. "He was on top of you! He was touching!" He waved wildly in the air. "With his hands!" When I laughed, Demetri set his green eyes on me. "She's eighteen dude, not a one-night stand."

"I know," I said calmly.

"You can't just screw her and leave her."

"I know," I repeated.

"And, and-" Demetri swore. "Damn I wish I hadn't given up drinking." With another curse he went over to the wall and started banging his head softly against it while Alyssa came up behind him. "I'm going to have to burn my couch."

I burst out laughing.

"You!" He pointed. "I'm not done with you." He turned on his heel and pointed at Pris. "And you! You... go to your room!"

"It has smoke in it," she answered smartly.

"Go to the guest room here. Son of a bitch," he muttered and walked over to the fridge and grabbed a bottle of water.

"Can I talk now?" I asked.

"Can I kill you now?" he replied.

Alyssa followed after Pris while I just sat and witnessed the rest of Demetri's nervous breakdown.

"Tell me," he said in a low voice. "Tell me you didn't..."

"I didn't," I said smoothly. "I know my track record proves otherwise, but I actually care too much about her to strip her naked and have my way with her on your couch."

"Thanks." His voice cracked.

"Anytime."

He took a swallow of water then spit it out onto the counter. "Wait, what?"

I looked at my hands.

"You care about her? As in you care about her like a five-year-old cares for his goldfish?"

I scowled.

"Holy hell..." Demetri sat on the barstool. "I thought when you said you liked her you meant you had a little crush or obsession because you hadn't been with anyone in a while. I didn't think you were..."

"Don't say it," I warned.

"Fine." He grinned. "I'll just think it."

"Ass. Why are you even here?"

"Seven days off tour, man. We wanted to check out the condo, plus our next stop is in Portland, so it works out."

"Thanks for the text."

"Thanks for the naked surprise."

"Touche."

"Hey, guys?" Alyssa called from the back room. "Can you order us pizza?"

"Sure," we answered in unison, both glaring at one another.

"I'm not a whore," I said, feeling the need to clear the air.

Demetri snorted. "I'll believe it when I see it."

"What the hell's that supposed to mean?"

"Ten more minutes." He shook his head. "I was a whore once. I know how it works. You tell yourself you won't go too far, you tell yourself you'll stop, and then, you wake up at five a.m. damning yourself to Hell. You really like her? Prove it. Don't sleep with her."

A bucket of cold water would have done less damage to my already pounding blood.

"But-"

"Take it or leave it. She's Alyssa's cousin, soon to be my cousin by marriage. You want her, that's fine. Prove you're man enough not to do what you've been doing for the past five years."

"I'm not a monk," I grumbled.

"Be a monk." He winked. "For her."

"Fine."

Demetri burst out laughing. "I can't wait to call Alec. He's supposed to meet us down here, but they got a later flight for tomorrow."

"Thanks for the heads up."

Demetri reached across the counter and punched me in the arm. "Surprise, bitch."

Chapter Thirty-Four

Priscilla

Pretty sure my face was still as red as a tomato as I sat on the bed and waited for Alyssa to start in on me.

But instead of yelling, she shut the door, turned, and burst out laughing. "Demetri owes me fifty bucks!"

"Huh?"

"I bet him fifty bucks that Jaymeson wouldn't be able to keep his paws to himself. Demetri, poor soul, took the bet." She jumped onto the bed. "I win."

"Hmm." I licked my lips. "Does that mean you aren't going to yell at me?"

Alyssa shrugged. Her long dark hair cascaded over her shoulder. "You're eighteen, you can make your own choices, and by the looks of it, you were doing just fine. Jaymeson may have a bad track record, but... I know first hand that whores make the best husbands."

"Huh?"

Smirking, Alyssa grabbed my hands. "Demetri used to be the same way, now look at him. He's drinking water and acting like a forty-year-old dad. Once men like that fall - they fall hard. It's like a blind bat trying to fly around with weights around its legs." She played with a piece of her hair. "The bat falls, but falls into a bowl full of fruit and lives the rest of his days fat and happy."

"Your examples need work."

She shrugged. "I've been hanging out with Demetri too much, blame him."

I looked around the room, feeling immediately guilty that I had been caught red-handed in their new condo on their new couch. "Lyss, I'm sorry, I know it's your condo and-"

"Please." She rolled her eyes. "Who cares? Oh and P.S., that shirt looks way better on you, you should keep it."

"I'll leave as soon as I can."

"No, you won't." She yawned. "You'll stay. Plus, I think our friend Jaymeson likes having you next door. Just, no sneaking out. Your parents would kill me."

"We don't have to sneak out." I looked at a spot on the wall and swallowed. "Because he's kind of been staying here."

"On the couch?"

I shook my head.

"In the spare bedroom?"

I shook my head again.

"In your bed?"

I gave a slight nod.

"Well damn, maybe Demetri was right to be worried."

"Nothing happens. We sleep."

"You have Jamie Jaymeson in your bed, alone, and... you sleep?"

Yeah, I had to give it to her, it sounded insane.

"Yup."

"Self control, thy name is Jaymeson." Her head shook slightly. "Words I thought I'd never utter."

My phone buzzed in my pocket. I took it out and noted my dad's number flashing. Probably not the right time to talk to him.

I hit ignore.

"Parents?" Alyssa guessed.

"Yeah."

"How's the house?"

"Getting fixed." I sighed heavily. "I have no idea who's behind it, but everything's been taken care of."

"Good." Alyssa wrapped an arm around my shoulders, "Your family deserves a break. I know it's been a rough year financially."

"Yeah." It had been hell but I didn't want to say that out loud. She'd just feel sorry for me.

"Should we join the guys?"

Nothing could have prepared me for what I saw when I opened the door. Both guys shirtless, wrestling on the floor, yelling obscenities.

Alyssa simply walked over them and went to the fridge. "Water?"

"Sure!"

"Tap out! Tap out!" Demetri shouted.

"Bloody hell, leave my balls out of this!"

"Wanna watch a movie?" Lyss tossed the water to me. "Or you wanna watch them kill each other?"

I took a seat.

She nodded. "Good call."

Chapter Thirty-Five

Jaymeson

Watching a movie with Demetri and Alyssa was like going on a chaperoned date. Demetri even sat between us, like the ass he was.

Priscilla laughed it off.

I elbowed him in the ribs then stretched my arms up and around him so that he'd get uncomfortable.

Unfortunately, it was Demetri we were talking about, so he took it a step further and laid his head on my shoulder then his damn hands inched up my chest.

I cursed and threw him off of me.

Damn him.

Maybe that was why I was currently risking my life.

They'd sent me home at ten, as if I had a curfew at twenty-three years old.

My bed was cold.

And without Pris it felt uncomfortable.

I even tried sleeping on the left and putting a pillow on the right so it would face me. I was half tempted to draw a face on it -but once that thought appeared, I realized I was in too deep - and desperate.

I threw another rock.

Then another.

Finally she opened her window and looked out. I waved from my balcony.

"What are you doing?" she shrieked.

"Sneaking in!" I yelled back.

"Did you suddenly learn how to fly?"

"No." Grunting, I placed the board between the balconies.

"You're insane!" She shouted in a hoarse whisper.

"If I die-"

"-Jaymeson! Get off the board!"

"Love..." I smiled. "I do all my own stunts. Watch me work."

"I can't look." She covered her eyes, while I safely walked across the board and jumped onto her balcony.

"Safe and sound," I muttered proudly as the sound of the board crashing onto the rocky ledge invaded my ears. Whoops.

Pris looked through her fingers and swore. I loved it.

"Open the door."

"What if they catch me?"

"Are you ten?" I smirked. "Just don't make any sounds or turn on any lights. Come let me in."

"Fine." She shut her window.

Within minutes she was unlocking the sliding glass door and dragging me silently through the house to the guest room. It was kind of a rush - sneaking in.

When we made it to her room, she slowly closed the door and locked it.

"Oh wow, you planning on doing something naughty? Locking the door." I shook my head in disapproval. "My, my, what a little hussy I've created."

Her response was to smack me in the chest. "You could have killed yourself!"

Waving her off, I went and sat on the bed. "I was fine."

"Right. And the board you used broke into a million pieces on the rocky cliff."

I winced.

"That's what I thought." She sat next to me. "So, was it worth it?"

I tilted my head, my eyes scanning her white tank top and short black shorts. "Hell yeah, it was worth it."

Grumbling, she crawled into bed and went to turn off the light.

"Wait." I cleared my throat and pulled out the script Peter had sent me. I'd rolled it up and put it in my back pocket so I had to smooth out the pages before I handed them to her. "I was wondering if you could help me with something."

"What?" She sat up.

"Run lines with me?"

"For?"

"Remember that movie I told you about? The book-to-movie series, the next Twilight, blah, blah." I waved in the air.

She clapped her hands and grabbed the stack of paper. "Is this it?"

"Yeah, I kind of have to audition for it."

She dropped the script. "You? They're making the great Jamie Jaymeson audition?"

"Right?" I threw both hands into the air and ran them through my hair.

Smirking, she jumped out of bed. "I was kidding. Humility doesn't look so bad on you."

"Thanks." I glared.

"So." She cleared her throat. "What scene are we doing?"

Suddenly nervous, I shoved my hands in my pockets. "Um, it's the first kiss scene."

Her cheeks stained red. "Oh."

"You're the one I want to do it with."

"Oh," she repeated, her cheeks getting redder.

"Please?"

"Well..." Her hands shook slightly. "Since you said please."

Irritated that she was making me feel nervous and it was my job to act, I tried to focus on something other than the fact that doing this scene with her wouldn't be acting. At least not for me.

"Just read the lines. I have mine memorized already." My voice cracked. "Oh, and I have to film it - hold on." I set up my new iPhone, you know, the one Pris had yet to throw onto the ground, and used the little stand so that it caught our movements in the corner of the room. Luckily, I knew how I was with phones so I always kept an extra.

"What page?" She cleared her throat.

"Seven."

"I'm Harley?"

"Yup."

"Okay, don't laugh because I'm pretty sure I'm going to suck really bad."

"Impossible," I muttered under my breath. She was brilliant.

"Start whenever."

I looked at the camera and counted down three, two, one.

"Zach, you shouldn't be here. My parents will-"

"Who cares?" I gripped her wrists. "Let them find me. I don't care. Not anymore."

"I care," Pris said gently. "About you."

"You shouldn't."

"Is that it then?" Her voice took on a softer tone, one I hadn't heard her use before. "You don't want me to care about you?"

"No." My body shook violently. "You should let me leave. You should hate me. You should despise everything that I represent."

"Is that what you want?"

I released her hands and paced in front of her, my body wild with pent up frustration, as if I was really living the scene. As if I was really Zach, stuck with wanting a girl I knew I had no future with. I couldn't give her anything. I was scum, poor. I was the town joke.

"Hate me!" I shook her shoulders. "Please, I can't take it, Harley, I-"

Voice cracking, I touched my forehead to hers.

"I don't want to hate you," Pris whispered. Damn, but I believed her - I believed the entire reality of the scene.

"What if I beg you to hate me?"

"I'd be lying to you, to us."

"Harley..." I cupped her face. "We can't go back from this. There's no returning to what we were. My body won't allow it, my heart wouldn't survive it."

"Then don't." She gripped my face between her hands. "Don't leave. Don't make this about what others think. Keep it about us. What do you feel?" She moved her hands to my chest. "Here. What do you feel here?"

My body trembled. "Afraid."

"Zach." Her voice cracked. "Isn't that what love is?"

My eyes opened. "What are you saying?"

"I love you." So much honesty came from those three simple words.

"I'm unlovable."

"Impossible," she whispered.

"What if I told you I loved you too?"

"Do you?" Her head tilted.

I nodded, and then fell to my knees, pressing my face against her stomach. "I do. God help me, but I do. I love you so much. I love you so much I can't breathe. It's wrecking me from the inside out - you have everything. Harley, I would be satisfied with just a look from you. A nod, a hand shake, I would be satisfied with anything. But, right now. I have to kiss you."

She tilted my chin with her finger. "Then kiss me."

"I have to love you."

"Then love me."

"I want to marry you."

Her breathe hitched as her eyes dilated. "Then ask."

I couldn't catch my breath. In an instant, I was on my feet, kissing her, tasting her, touching her everywhere.

The script dropped to the ground.

And it was just us.

Not Harley and Zach.

But Jaymeson and Priscilla.

I ended the kiss and pulled back.

She was a better actress than most girls I'd worked with - it was raw, believable. I was still shaking from the encounter.

Because while she acted...

I lived.

I existed.

I wasn't playing Zach. I was playing Jaymeson - for the first time in my life, I didn't have to pretend to be someone or something. I was being me. I was the one on the floor begging. I was the one confessing my love.

And I was the one willing to take whatever crumbs she dropped off her table.

"That was fun." Priscilla cleared her throat and looked away while I went and pressed stop on the recording. I sent it to Peter immediately.

If that didn't get me the job...

I didn't want it.

"Are you staying?" Pris's hand touched my back.

I turned and pulled her in for a kiss. "You'd have to lock me out to get rid of me."

"Left side?" she whispered against my lips.

"Any side." I plundered her mouth and retreated. "As long as it's by you."

Silently, we got into bed. I pulled her in to the curve of my body, and within seconds, her deep and even breathing told me she was asleep. I kissed her temple and whispered, "I love you."

****

I heard a buzzing. At first I thought some suicidal bug had found its way into the guest room, but it kept getting louder and louder.

Groaning, I flipped over and noticed it was Pris's phone. I hit ignore and tried to go back to sleep.

But it went off - again.

With a curse, I looked at the screen. It was her dad. Why would he be calling so late?

At any rate, he stopped calling.

And I fell into a fitful sleep.

Chapter Thirty-Six

Priscilla

I woke up tangled in Jaymeson's arms, cocooned in his warmth - he was so dang warm - so comfortable I didn't ever want to leave his embrace. But I had to go to the bathroom, so I scooted away and walked toward the door.

A blinking on my phone caught my eye.

Putting off the bathroom visit, I snatched my phone up and saw a few missed calls from my dad and then some random number I'd never seen before. I quickly listened to the messages and smiled.

"Hey, honey, just hanging out, shooting the breeze. Being awesome. Thought I'd talk to my other favorite daughter. We'll see you in a few days! Love you, sweetie! Don't do drugs!" The voicemail ended.

The next two were warnings about not giving away my rose to a boy who didn't like flowers and the next one had something to do with pie.

Parents were weird.

"I must breakfast you now," Jaymeson announced when I sat back on the bed. "Or so help me God, I will be the worst boyfriend in the history of the universe."

"Aw, how cute. You've been drinking already."

"Not true!" Jaymeson shot out of bed, his hair a spiky mess, and his cheeks flushed.

How the heck was it fair that he looked like that? And I looked like I got run over by two trucks while I was sleeping?

"Breakfast for the fair lady."

"You're weird."

He shrugged. "Part of my charm."

I nodded and looked away. Was he really my boyfriend? Were we doing this?

"Pris..." Jaymeson's arms came around me as he pressed a kiss to the back of my head. "Don't freak out but..."

My heart started hammering in my chest.

"...I want to take you on the best date in the history of dates. I want to fly you to London. I want to go to France, and I want to sit at the Taj Mahal and kiss you as the sun sets..." He cleared his throat. "But since Evan's going to want me to work another day at The Goodwill before I start helping out with the local theatre camp, can we just walk along the beach?"

I laughed and nodded. "Yeah. But only after you make me breakfast."

"Demanding little wench."

"Yup."

He squeezed his arms around me and kissed my head again, then rose up from the bed and walked to the door.

When he opened it, Demetri was standing on the other side. A frying pan in his hand and a glare across his ridiculously handsome face.

"What are your intentions, sir?" Demetri asked.

Jaymeson crossed his arms. "Breakfast."

"Will there be... eggs?" Demetri coughed. "For breakfast?"

"Probably."

"Will they be scrambled? Please say no, please say no."

"Stop speaking in metaphors, jackass, and help me feed the women."

Demetri peered around Jaymeson and apparently seeing that I was fully clothed and not taken advantage of, seemed to be satisfied and followed my boyfriend into the kitchen.

My boyfriend.

Yeah, I would never get tired of saying that. Ever.

Chapter Thirty-Seven

Jaymeson

I went slow with her - even though I knew her parents were coming back soon - I still went slow.

Without realizing it, I'd become her friend, and then her boyfriend, and quite honestly, I liked the friend part a hell of a lot more than I realized. So instead of locking her in her bedroom - which at times still sounded like a really brilliant idea - I spent an entire week wining and dining her.

We went to the beach.

I took her out to dinner.

We held hands.

Freaking HELD HANDS. But it was awesome. I loved it - I loved her. More than I wanted to admit out loud, because then it freaked me out that I could possibly lose her.

Because I still wasn't sure what I would do once my little jaunt in Seaside ended. Would she come with me? Would she even want to? Did I even want the movie anymore?

It was day seven, well, actually night seven.

I was trying to play it cool, trying not to freak the hell out as I lay in bed with her.

Demetri demanded we leave the doors open just in case I couldn't be trusted - but honestly, if I hadn't tried anything before, I sure as hell wasn't going to try anything now.

"What's wrong?" Pris cuddled into my chest and wrapped her arms around me. It was the perfect moment.

It was also our last night before her parents came back.

"Nothing," I shrugged. "I'm just going to miss having you in my arms every night."

"Because I'm going somewhere?"

"Because," I sighed. "Your parents are coming back and I don't want to get shot by your pastor dad, that's why."

"He doesn't even own a gun." Pris giggled.

"Um, believe me, if he saw me in your bed he'd go out and buy one - or three."

We stayed in comfortable silence for a while before Pris shifted and looked up at me. "What's going to happen?"

I suddenly felt sick - like someone had punched me in the stomach. "Is it alright if I'm completely honest and tell you I don't know?"

"Yeah." She sighed. "That's alright."

"Good."

Her breathing grew deep and even, but I stayed awake, trying to figure out what the hell I was going to do in order to make it work. In order to give us a fighting chance.

****

Priscilla

My phone was blinking again. Seriously? How many voicemails could my dad leave? It had been his thing over the past few days. We'd talked a handful of times, but yesterday I'd missed him on account that Jaymeson and I were feeding seals with Demetri and Alyssa.

The room was still blanketed in darkness.

With a yawn I reached for the phone. It was only six a.m. Maybe my parents were back already? I looked at the screen. Two missed calls from dad.

And five missed calls from Stella. How had I slept through all that buzzing?

Curious, I dialed Stella's number and waited, hoping she was okay and not in the hospital or something.

"Hello?" she answered on the first ring.

"Hi, Stella, what's up?"

"Oh, honey." She sniffled. "Honey, I'm so sorry. I'm just so sorry. There was nothing they could do."

"They?" My heart started skipping beats as it slammed sharp against my ribs. "What are you talking about?"

"You don't know," she said softly.

"Know what?"

"Honey, maybe it's best if you talk to the police first."

"Why would I be talking to the police?"

"Where are you?"

"Stella..." I swear the woman made me want to pull my hair out. "What's going on?"

"Honey, I don't know how to tell you this."

"Tell me... what, exactly?" My voice sounded funny, like I was standing in a tunnel. My vision blurred. I knew. Somehow I knew. It was bad.

"Your parents, honey... they got in an accident last night."

My heart stopped. "But they're fine, right? What hospital are they at? Are they still in Seattle? I can be there in an hour I-"

"Sweetie, they didn't make it."

My world stopped. I dropped the phone onto the ground and followed suit, my body going completely numb.

"Priscilla!" Stella yelled on the other end of the phone. "Priscilla! Honey, answer me."

Her screams must have been loud enough to rouse Jaymeson. He took one look at me on the floor, tears streaming down my face, and the phone.

In an instant, he grabbed it. "Hello? Who is this?"

His entire face went pale, as he pulled me into his lap and rubbed my head, listening to Stella talk, while drawing lazy circles across my scalp.

I was in such shock, I wasn't sure if I was even crying. Was I crying? Or were the tears just coming without my permission?

"I understand." His voice was hollow. "Thanks, Stella, I'll be in touch."

Without saying a word to me, he dialed another number and barked into the phone. "Get me a plane."

He was leaving me?

I tried to pull away but he was too strong. He hung up and gripped my hands. "Pris, we need to go see your sister. She's in critical care. They had to fly her to Seattle. Do you understand what I'm saying?"

I nodded slowly.

"I'll help you pack, but we have to go. We may not-" His voice caught. "We may not make it in time."

That was all it took. I jumped to my feet and looked helplessly around the room. Jaymeson gripped my shoulders. "Grab your overnight stuff. I'll get some clothes from Alyssa. We'll leave in ten minutes, okay?"

I nodded. Thankful that he was in control when I couldn't be.

Thankful that his heart was still beating. When I was pretty convinced mine had just died, cracking my chest wide open.

By the time I'd brushed my teeth, put my hair in a ponytail, and packed what was left of my stuff, Alyssa had come into my room with a bag ready to go and fresh clothing that she laid on the bed.

One look at her swollen face, and I lost it again.

We hugged for what felt like hours.

Jaymeson opened the door, Demetri followed, and without saying anything, they surrounded us, keeping us in their embrace as we all held each other.

"Love," Jaymeson whispered. "We need to go if we're going to catch that plane."

"Are we flying out of Portland?"

"No." He gripped my hand in his. "Seaside. There's a private runway a few miles away from here. The plane arrived about five minutes ago from Portland. It's going to fly us into Seattle."

"O-okay." My body hurt. My head hurt. Everything hurt. I couldn't stop shaking even though I wasn't cold - just shocked.

"It's going to be fine," Alyssa promised, kissing my head and giving me one final hug.

We walked outside and nearly ran into Alec and Nat as they ran up the stairs. Nat pulled me in for a hug while Jaymeson filled Alec in on the details.

Reluctantly, Nat let me go, and they said they'd be waiting to hear news from us. I hated that what was supposed to be a break from touring...

Was more of a break from life.

Jaymeson put our bags in the trunk of his Audi while I got inside. I must have been more out of it than I realized, because he had to reach across and buckle my seatbelt.

It took us exactly ten minutes to get to the airstrip.

But it felt like ten hours.

Every part of my body was heavy, like someone had sliced me open and filled every inch of free space with sand.

"Mr. Jaymeson." The pilot tipped his hat. "I'm here to take you and your girlfriend to Seattle."

I almost missed it. The girlfriend part. I was too exhausted to be excited.

"Thanks," Jaymeson said smoothly.

It took us less than two hours to get to Seattle. Jaymeson didn't say a word to me - it was weird how well he knew me. If I wanted to talk I would have talked, but I was still trying to process the limited information I had.

When we landed, Jaymeson led me off the runway to a private parking lot where a black limo was waiting.

A man in a uniform opened the door, and took the bags from Jaymeson. Once we were seated, Jaymeson didn't say anything. He simply grabbed a granola bar and handed it to me. "I know you feel sick, love, but you need to eat."

I took the bar and nodded. The bar slipped out of my fingers at least a dozen times as I tried to get it open. Why wasn't my body working?

Jaymeson took the granola bar, opened it, and broke off pieces, handing them to me like I was a small child.

Greedily, I took each piece, chewed, and swallowed.

When I was finished, he reached for my hands and kissed them both. "She's going to be fine, Pris."

"How do you know?" I snapped.

He pulled me into his embrace. "I have to believe God wouldn't take someone so young. I have to. Or I'll go crazy."

"Me too, Jaymeson. Me too."

We rode in silence the rest of the way to Mercy Hospital. Jaymeson walked up to the information desk like he owned the place. "We're here to see Dani Garcia."

I'd never told Jaymeson my sister's name. She hadn't been at Alec and Nats wedding.

I'd never talked about my family.

The last time I talked to my dad he'd told me to believe in miracles. Where was my miracle now? Now that he and my mom were dead.

I sucked the tears in - needing to be strong for my baby sister. Seventeen. She'd just turned seventeen.

We were barely a year apart.

"And who are you?"

"Her sister and brother-in-law," Jaymeson said in that same smooth voice that had even me believing we were married. He gripped my hand firmly in his then leveled the nurse with a stare that dared her to question him.

"She's in ICU. No visitors. Not even family until visiting hours."

"And that would be... when?" Jaymeson glanced at the clock.

"Two hours."

He sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose with his free hand. "Look, miss, I know you're just doing your job. And I respect that there are rules in the hospital that people need to follow. I get that. But this girl right here? She's the love of my life. Her heart is freaking broken. She just lost her parents and her little sister may be dying. So, excuse me for being frantic, excuse me for losing my shit, but for the love of God, let us through those doors before I give you a reason to call the police."

The lady's eyes widened as she touched the button behind her seat. "Go to the fifth floor. Room Eleven."

"Thank you." Jaymeson pulled me through the door and onto the elevator.

He loved me.

He loved me.

He loved me.

My parents were dead.

And he loved me.

Chapter Thirty-Eight

Jaymeson

I'd witnessed people lose their shit. Hell, I lived in Hollywood, where nervous breakdowns were a regular occurrence, especially in the industry.

But to personally lose it? To say things I wasn't ready to say? To feel so angry that I would have done anything - including putting myself in federal prison, just so Pris could see her sister's face?

To be pushed that far.

To be okay with it.

Was utterly abhorrent, yet totally necessary, because in that moment, I realized two things about myself.

One, my heart still worked.

Two, she had it in the palm of her hands.

I gripped her fingers tightly as we rode the elevator up to the fifth floor. Had the nurse not let us in, I would have run toward the door anyway or pulled the celebrity card -a card I'd never pulled in my entire life.

"Room Eleven," I said out loud, squeezing Pris's shoulder. We walked by a row of rooms, until we finally came to Dani's.

A nurse stood outside. "Visiting hours are-"

I held up my hand. "Jamie Jaymeson, and you are?"

Her mouth dropped open. With a sigh, I nodded to Pris and opened the door for her while she slipped inside. The nurse looked from me to the door then back to me.

"I could get fired, you know."

"You won't get fired," I said in a low voice. "It would be all over the news. The hospital would lose funding, not to mention it would look bad that my future wife was unable to see her sister less than twenty-four hours after her parents' death, don't you think?"

"Her parents." The nurse cleared her throat. "She's been asking about them."

"Shit." I wiped my face with my hands. "What did you tell her?"

"Nothing." The nurse held the clipboard close to her chest. "Every time she asks, she drifts off to sleep again."

"Her injuries?"

The nurse's eyes darted around for a brief moment before she took a step forward and placed her hand on my arm. "We've done all we can."

"Which means?" I felt like I was going to puke.

"It means we've done all we can. Now, we wait."

"Wait." Exhaling, I mumbled a thanks and walked into the room.

She was smaller than Pris, like a little mouse. A mop of brown hair fell past her shoulders. Her face was so bruised it was hard to make out her features. Both eyes were swollen and her jaw had purple bruising all the way down the left side.

Pris reached for Dani's hand and clenched it in hers. "Hey, baby girl."

The humming of the machines was enough to drive me insane.

"You need to wake up." Pris sniffled. "Because I have a surprise for you." She wiped a stray tear. "Your favorite movie star is standing only a few feet away from you - and he's totally seen you without makeup. So if you don't want to wake up for me, wake up for Jaymeson."

I smiled at that, my throat clogging with emotion.

"Just open your eyes," Pris whispered. "I need to know you're okay."

A nurse walked in. I turned and glared. She walked right back out.

The heart monitor was consistent in its beeping. Dani's left arm was in a cast as well as her left leg. I could only assume they'd taken a hit to the left side of the car, meaning Pris and Dani's dad had most likely been killed on impact. A shudder rippled through me.

How was it fair?

Me being alive? Living the life that I did? When a pastor and his wife had died. A man of God - someone who dedicated his life to serving a higher purpose-

Where my life had been dedicated to serving me.

I believed in nothing.

I fought for nothing.

It was me and acting.

Two weeks ago I would have left Pris - I would have still thought about her, I would have wanted her, but I would have left her - I would have left her for me.

Now? It felt so wrong to be breathing the same air that had been taken from her parents' lives. To be breathing the same air as her little sister who was fighting for her life.

Pris turned to me, her eyes blurry. "Thank you, Jaymeson. Thank you so much, I'm-" She burst into tears.

With a sob she threw herself at me and I took her, I took all of her. It shouldn't be her little sister in that hospital bed. A seventeen year old girl?

I would take it away if I could.

I would make it better, but I didn't know how.

So I held her and let her cry. With each sob, I released another part of my old self. With each tear that Pris left on my shoulder, I washed away my past.

She was it.

My present.

My future.

"Let's go," I whispered. "Let the nurses and doctors do their jobs, okay?"

Pris nodded. "I love you, Dani."

We walked out arm in arm. I nodded at the nurse once we were free of the room, and led Pris to a chair, leaving her there while I approached the nurses' station.

I cleared my throat. "Hi."

The nurse's eyes narrowed and then her mouth dropped open.

"My, um..." I had to keep lying, otherwise they wouldn't give me the time of day, no matter who I was. "My wife's sister was hurt in an accident, Dani Garcia? Would it be possible to move her into a better room? I guess what I'm asking is, is she stable enough to be moved into a suite, so Pris - my wife and I - can stay with her?"

The nurse pressed her lips into a firm line. "I'll tell you what." She leaned forward. "If she makes it through the night, we'll move her. The first twenty-four hours after surgery are the most critical."

I nodded. "Thank you. Are you the nurse in charge?"

"Yes."

"Her injuries - what are they?"

"Brother-in-law you say?"

"Yes."

I could tell she wanted to challenge me; I hid my left hand, and leveled her with the same cold stare I'd given the nurse downstairs.

"Three broken ribs, bruising to the liver, brain hemorrhaging, broken arm, and broken femur."

I chewed my lower lip. "I imagine the hemorrhaging is-"

"It's what worries us," the nurse interrupted. "The swelling is a lot for her brain to handle. We've done all we can do. The doctor has drilled a hole in her skull to allow the blood to escape and ease the pressure - there's nothing else that can be done."

"Thank you." I held out my hand.

She took it and looked back down at her papers as if it was just another day in the office, which to her it was, but to me? It was like I was dying, because Pris was hurting and there was nothing I could do to make it better. Except be present, available, be the hero I always swore I'd never be.

I was the bad guy.

I was the distraction. The devil you slept with at night and left in the morning.

I'd never wanted to be more. To want more meant you would be let down, wanting a relationship meant eventually you'd end up heartbroken - destroyed.

With a heavy sigh I watched Pris as she leaned her elbows against her knees, tears dripping off her face.

I would catch every last tear.

I would let her break me over and over again.

If only it would take away the pain.

Rip me to shreds, stomp on my heart until I feel no pain, reject me over and over again.

My answer, my vow would still be the same.

She was my everything. And in that moment, I finally understood what had made Alec and Demetri lose their minds.

Love.

She was mine.

And I'd take her - if she'd have me.

Chapter Thirty-Nine

Priscilla

It was real.

My parents were gone.

And my sister might not make it.

So many emotions and thoughts were racing through my head that it started to pound.

We had no grandparents, only cousins. Alyssa's family. But that was it. I had no idea what to do. I wanted Dani to make it. She had to make it because she was all I had.

I had no job. My parents had no money. And I had to take care of my sister without a college education. I had to provide for her - for us.

My heart clenched in my chest.

How could my parents leave me? How could God take them? They were good people, undeserving of the ugly in the world. Guilt slammed me so hard I couldn't breathe.

Jaymeson was immediately by my side, rubbing my back, whispering in my ear. My breath kept catching in my throat. Eventually I calmed down enough to speak.

"I slept through his calls," I whispered. "If I would have answered my dad's calls..."

"No." Jaymeson gripped my chin between his fingers. "Listen Pris, I'm not going to let you go down that road. The one where you blame yourself for an accident. It was an accident. You can't live your life that way. I know you think that if you can just explain how or why that you'll feel better. But if you go down that road you'll have more questions than answers. Acceptance, it's the only way. Believe me, I know."

"How!" I snapped. "How would you know?"

"I do." His face contorted in pain. "Because for fifteen years I blamed myself for my Nanna's death. Granted, my mom fed that line to me whenever she was drunk. I knew she was hurting - I see that now. But then? I told myself if I would have been a better boy, if I would have gone to bed that night on time, rather than asked her to read me more books."

"You were a child." My lips trembled.

"In a way-" He smiled sadly. "-we all are, especially when tragedy strikes. We revert back to total lack of faith in the world around us, we stop trusting, relying on those around us to be our pillars of strength. Pris, it wasn't your fault. It was an accident."

I sniffled and looked down at the phone clenched in my hand. "Will you listen to the messages with me?"

He nodded.

"My dad." I wiped my eyes. "He left me two messages."

Grabbing his hand, we walked silently to an empty waiting room and sat down. He pulled me onto his lap and waited as I put the phone on speakerphone and pressed the first message.

"Hey, sweetie!" My face fell, as fresh tears streamed down my cheeks. My throat ached. "We're going to be coming home tomorrow and I just wanted to tell you! We got our miracle!" I could hear mom cheering in the background. "That young man, Jaymeson, I think. I don't know how he did it, but he did! He got the community together and the house is being fixed! Isn't that great? I couldn't grab his number, but Stella said he'd been with you helping at the church and I just, I wanted to say I'm thankful, so thankful to him. You know I don't watch movies much, but Stella seems to be quite taken. I imagine you must be as well. I only met the young man briefly during the wedding, but for him to do something for people he doesn't even know? Well, to me, that's character. That's purity of heart. That's someone I want my daughter around." He laughed. "Anyway, I'll give you a call later when we get on the road. We decided to drive at night since there's less traffic, that way your mom can sleep! See you soon!"

My hand hovered over the message as I silently cried. Jaymeson held me so tight I almost couldn't breathe, but I needed him, needed his warmth, needed to know he was there for me.

With a sniff I pressed the next message. It had been left really early in the morning.

"Hey, sweetie," Dad's voice sounded exhausted. "I'm still driving. We're a few miles outside of Seattle, so we only have about four hours until we see your smiling face. I don't really know why I'm calling. I tried calling earlier then forgot to leave a message.

"I just... you know how you have a bad feeling? Or just a feeling that you need to talk to someone? Well, it's possible your old man's losing it because I can't get you out of my head, little girl. You know I love you. I love you with my entire heart. I keep replaying my last message, I was so distracted by the house and calling it a miracle that I forgot to tell you - you, little girl, you and your sister were my miracle. You are my miracle. Seeing your smiling face every day. I can't imagine life gets any better than that. I know you're growing up into a young woman. You'll be going to college soon, and dating more. I guess I just want you to know how proud I am of you. You're a special girl, Priscilla." He chuckled. "Alright, I'll stop boring you. See you soon!"

The message ended.

I stared at the phone in my hand.

"Jaymeson-" My voice caught. "It was you? You're the one fixing the house?"

His body tensed around mine. "You hate charity," he whispered. "So I thought I'd do it without you knowing."

"But..." I turned to face him, still sitting on his lap. "Why? Why would you do that for me?"

"Because..." His voice caught. "I love you."

I sucked in a breath, my lungs suddenly burned with too much oxygen. He wasn't smiling. He was serious.

"Are you sure?" I whispered.

His entire face broke out into a goofy grin. "Oh, I'm sure, love. I'm sure."

"But I'm-"

"Mine," he said simply. "Oh, and I know there's no good time to say this, but we're kind of married."

"You're trying to distract me, right? That's it. By playing a joke on me?" My voice was high pitched, confused.

"No." He winced. "Afraid not. They wouldn't give me any information as your boyfriend."

My stomach fluttered.

"And a fiance wouldn't get any information either because technically Dani isn't family. So, I improvised."

"But-"

"Love..." He pressed his fingers to my lips. "You're exhausted, you need a warm meal, and by the looks of it, we're going to stay up all night. Let's check into a hotel."

I nodded, getting off of his lap, and then wanted to cry, "Jaymeson I can't." I felt like crumpling into a heap and rocking back and forth. "I have hospital bills to pay, and staying in a hotel is just going to add to it, we don't have health insurance and-"

I was still talking as he picked me up into his arms and carried me out of the waiting room and onto the elevator.

People walked in, lifting eyebrows in surprise, but said nothing. Jaymeson held me, like I was a small child. His arms weren't even shaking.

The elevator doors opened.

Jaymeson set me gently on my feet.

I didn't expect people - nurses especially - to talk. But they had. Camera crews were waiting outside the hospital, all their eyes trained on the doors, waiting.

"We don't have to do this now," Jaymeson said in a low voice. "We can go out back. I'll have the limo meet us there."

"They're at every exit," one of the security guards by the doors answered. "I'm sorry, sir. The best we could do was keep them outside."

I put my hand in his and lifted my chin. "I can do this."

"Her parents just died!" Jaymeson yelled at the security officer.

He lifted his hands in the air. "I've done the best I can."

"Jaymeson," I whispered, clenching his hand. "I'm strong. My dad said so." My throat caught. "I can do this."

His eyes bore into mine. "Yes. Yes, you can, love." He pressed a kiss to my forehead and led me out into the waiting crowd.

People shouted. Jaymeson nodded politely - but didn't smile. I imagined the media was seeing an entirely different side of him.

He usually craved the camera. He was a regular on ET every week.

But now? Now his mood was dark - sad.

Tenderly, he lifted me into his arms and elbowed his way through the crowd. I clung to his neck for dear life.

And then a man that looked a heck of a lot like a giant pushed his way toward us, followed by a guy who looked like he should be guarding prisoners on death row.

They pushed the media back as well as the crowds. A limo was waiting. Alec, Demetri, Alyssa, and Nat, spilled out of it to surround us with their bodies as we made our way into the waiting car.

They piled in after us.

"I forgot how much I liked Bob," Jaymeson muttered once he set me down onto the seat and everyone else was safely inside.

"He may look scary as hell, but he loves the attention," Demetri said, his smile not reaching his eyes.

"So?" Alyssa grabbed my hand. "How is she?"

"What are you guys doing here?" I asked weakly. "You only have a short time off, you should be-"

"We're exactly where we need to be," Alec answered in a commanding voice. "We already booked out the Waldorf Astoria. Security is waiting for us at the back entrance, and we have the entire penthouse floor."

"Thanks." Jaymeson exhaled in relief. "Thanks, man. I hadn't thought that part through yet."

"Well..." Demetri popped open a bottle of water. "It doesn't help that Erickson just announced hours ago that after seeing your audition he wants you playing the lead in that new movie series."

"What?" Jaymeson shook his head.

"It's everywhere."

I shuddered. That meant only one thing. Jaymeson was leaving me. He had a life to return to.

While I had my sister.

If she made it through the night.

And if she didn't?

I had no one.

Chapter Forty

Jaymeson

I gripped her hand so hard within mine, I was pretty sure they were going to be fused together.

Demetri kept looking at our joined hands then back up at me, as if he was trying to figure out a twenty thousand-piece puzzle and had misplaced the box.

"We're here," Alec said quietly as the limo pulled up to the hotel. It was downtown, near the hospital, which was exactly what I knew Pris would prefer. I was going to get her to sleep if it killed me.

I had always been thankful to be famous - not for the money or status, but because I loved what I did, and I was able to pay it forward at the same time.

I'd never faced a time in my life when I needed to use my name for privacy - for mourning - for protection.

I was so damn thankful I could have cried.

Bob and Lloyd, AD2's main security, went ahead of us in the hallway and pressed the elevator buttons, waiting on either side of the gang for a crazed fan to attack. It wasn't every day that three A-list celebrities were in a Seattle hotel at the same time.

The elevator dinged.

We all crowded in and rode to the top floor. The minute the doors opened I exhaled in relief. The room was more of an apartment. It had three bedrooms, three bathrooms, floor-to-ceiling windows, and a fully stocked kitchen.

I released Pris's hand and marched to the kitchen. The minute I located the wine. I uncorked two bottles, put out several glasses, and started pouring.

Nobody talked.

Everyone reached for a glass except Demetri and Nat. Nat was pregnant, so that was a given, and even though alcohol had never been Demetri's main issue - he still refused to touch the stuff. Brought back too many memories of being high he'd once told me. He grabbed a couple of waters and handed one to Nat.

I scooted a glass over to Pris and murmured. "If there was ever a time where it was okay to break the law, this is it." I forced the glass into her hands. "Drink. It will help you sleep."

"I don't want to sleep." Her face was pale, her eyes hollow.

"Love..." I tucked her hair behind her ear. "You have to sleep. You need to be strong for Dani, alright? We'll sleep for two hours then go back to the hospital."

Shoulders slumping, she lifted the glass to her lips.

"That's my girl."

Alyssa walked up to us, twisting the wine glass between her fingers. "I'm so sorry, Pris."

"I know." My girl managed a smile. "It's not your fault."

"It's not yours either," Alyssa said swiftly.

"I know." She nodded. "That's what Jaymeson said."

"Never thought I'd see the day that Jaymeson decided to put on a pair of big boy pants." Alyssa nudged Pris with her arm, trying to coax her out of her depression with a bit of teasing.

"He's been wearing them a lot lately." Pris smiled, the first smile I'd seen since the morning phone call.

"Bed." I tapped Alyssas's shoulder. "I'm sorry, but she needs to sleep."

"Wow." Alyssa stood. "And a white knight. How'd you get so lucky, Pris?"

Her unwavering eyes met mine. "I don't know. Must be a miracle."

My heart pounded as I lifted her fingers to my lips and directed her toward one of the bedrooms.

Pris let out a yawn when I closed the door. She took another sip of wine and set it on the nightstand.

"Off." I motioned to her shirt.

She was dead on her feet.

With a curse, I lifted her shirt off over her head, and then gently pushed her down onto the bed. It was becoming a habit, undressing her for practical reasons. I left her in her leggings and a tank top, then pulled back the down comforter, and tucked her inside.

I kissed her forehead and walked toward the door. When my hand reached for the knob, she called out.

"Jaymeson?"

"Love?"

"What was the name of your bear, the one your Nanna gave you when you were little?"

My heart clenched at the memory. "Brown Bear."

"Jaymeson...."

"Yes, love?"

"Will you be my Brown Bear for the next few hours? Can I hold you tight? You said it took away the nightmares."

"It did." I closed my eyes. "And you don't even need to ask."

I turned on my heel, peeled my shirt off, and crawled into bed with her. Pris's arms snaked around my body as she pulled me close.

"Jaymeson?"

I kissed her head. "Hmm?"

"I love you, too."

Chapter Forty-One

Priscilla

I dreamed of car crashes, of metal slamming against metal. The screeches made me wince with pain as I watched my dad's face disappear into the darkness.

I reached out to him.

And touched thin air.

Nothing.

With a sob I woke up, almost punching Jaymeson in the jaw.

"Hey." His arms tightened around me. "It was just a nightmare, go back to sleep, we still have some time, alright?"

Nodding, I lay back down on the pillow.

Jaymeson shifted next to me and pulled out his phone. "This isn't a good time, Peter," he whispered.

With a curse, he looked at me, seeming to realize quickly that I was awake, mouthed sorry and moved across the room and into the bathroom.

The door wasn't completely shut. My ears strained to hear what he was saying.

"Peter, her parents just died. No, I can't make it to a damn final audition. Fine!" He yelled. "Then give it to someone else. I don't care if it ruins my career, I don't care if people hate me for the rest of my life. She's hurting. I'm not leaving."

He was silent for a few more minutes.

"Yeah man, I'm serious." He sniffed. "Thanks, you too. And sorry, I didn't mean to yell. It's just, she's my priority now, not the movie, not you, not the money. I hope you can understand."

I closed my eyes as he walked back in the room. I'd never been good at faking sleep. I clenched my eyes together, and then felt cool air blow over my face.

"Worst acting I've ever witnessed," he whispered in my ear. His breath caused chills to run down my body.

"You should go." My body shuddered at the thought.

"Hell, no." He looked offended. "I'm not leaving you."

"But it's your job." I forced a smile. "Plus, Alyssa's here and-"

"Stop it." He jumped onto the bed putting a leg on either side of me, pinning me in place. "I love you. When you hurt, I hurt. I'm not leaving you, not for one second, not if they offer me a bloody billion dollar contract. They'd have to do nothing short of drugging me to get me on that plane, love." He sighed, leaning forward so our breaths mingled. "Don't you understand? The depth of what I feel for you? I'm not just crazy for you, I'm out of my mind, out of my depth, love. You are my life - to leave you would be like leaving a part of myself."

Tears stung my eyes and boiled to the surface. Needing to stem them, I blinked; I couldn't spend the rest of my life crying at every damn thing. "What happened to you?"

"I thought it was obvious," he whispered. "You happened. It was you."

Our mouths met. I lifted my arms as he pulled my tank top from my body.

"Thank you," I whimpered. "Thank you for loving me."

"It should be me, thanking you," he said. "For not giving up on me, even when all signs pointed to me being hopeless."

"You aren't hopeless." My lips grazed his. "You're perfect."

"That's my line."

"I stole it."

He laughed.

It felt good to hear him laugh. When he laughed I wasn't as consumed by the pain of loss - I didn't feel as empty. I felt like I was going to be okay, as long as I had Jaymeson to hold my hand through the fire - I was going to make it.

"I'm ready."

"Alright." Jaymeson nodded. "Let's get dressed, and I'll take you back to the hospital."

"No." I felt myself blush. "I mean I'm... ready." I wanted it. Wanted him, wanted him to make all the pain go away. To suck in all the darkness - and turn our situation into light.

Jaymeson's face contorted as if he was in severe pain. "I can't, love. Not now. I'd never forgive myself. I know that look. It's not one of love. It's desperation. I've worn that look more times than I could count. Giving yourself to me isn't going to make the darkness go away - if anything it invites more in. Believe me when I say this moment isn't right. You'll know when it is, and there won't be anything capable of stopping me from making you mine. You can count on that. Now get dressed before I decide to forget the fact that I've somehow managed to find my morals again."

I sighed, not necessarily feeling rejected, maybe chastised a bit, but I had to admit I'd wanted him to consume me. I'd wanted a distraction. And that wasn't fair to either of us.

"Okay," I mumbled.

Jaymeson offered a soft smile and grabbed my hands, running them down the entire length of his body - all of his body. "Don't for a second doubt that I burn for you. Day and night. Night and day. I freaking burn."

And now my face was burning.

He released my hands and threw on his shirt, then walked out of the room, while I was torn between wanting to take a cold shower and wanting to bawl my eyes out.

I chose neither.

And opted to dress, take one more sip of wine, and walk out of the room. I had a little sister to fight for.

And with Jaymeson by my side, I truly did believe we'd win the battle... Months ago I'd painted him as the dragon. Never once did I imagine he was my shining knight the entire time.

Chapter Forty-Two

Jaymeson

My body hummed with unquenched desire. I was pretty sure that if Demetri or Alec touched me I was going to freaking throw my fist through the wall - or my body. That sounded good too.

Guilt gnawed like a poison. I shouldn't feel guilty for wanting her - I shouldn't feel guilty for needing her. Yet, I'd rejected her again. When did I go from taking every flipping chance I had to bed a girl?

To pressuring one to wait?

"I want to wait." Hell, those used to be my least favorite words. All freaking four of them. And now? Now, I was the one spouting them out.

I could blame Nat's pregnancy hormones being too close to my vicinity causing me to be overly sensitive. The truth? Maybe I'd been that guy all along. I'd just pushed him so far beneath the surface that I'd lost him.

Funny, because Pris had a way of reaching into my soul and plucking him right back out.

"You ready?" Demetri tossed me a bottle of water.

"As ever." I ran my fingers through my hair. "Are you guys just going to hang out?"

"Yeah, we'll stop by a bit later. It's probably best to split up. We don't want to cause utter chaos."

"Must be so tough," Alyssa said from the couch, not lifting her eyes from the magazine. "Demetri, I love you! Marry me! Make me yours!" Her voice was whiney. "Back off, bitch, he's mine."

Demetri smirked. "Babe, she was twelve."

"Should have let me fight her."

My eyebrows rose while Demetri started laughing, walking over to the couch and taking Alyssa into his arms. "Babe, she was hardly a threat."

"She looked older." Alyssa sniffed.

Demetri threw up his hands in a helpless gesture. "Want to marry me and make it all better?"

"I already said yes." She glared.

"So pick a date."

I watched their exchange with interest. It was like watching an old couple bicker - only you knew that after said arguing was over there'd be a hell of a lot of making up.

"During the second tour break."

Demetri burst out laughing, then sobered when Alyssa didn't join in. "Holy shit, you're serious."

Alyssa looked back at her magazine.

"Babe, that's in four weeks."

"Twenty-eight days..." She sighed. "What about this dress?" She pointed to a dress that looked more like lingerie. I covered my smile with my hand as Demetri groaned out loud.

"Woman, you'll be the death of me."

"I'll wear heels."

"Four weeks it is." He clapped his hands. "But cover up, babe. We aren't running a brothel."

Her response was to smack him in the head with a magazine, and then I saw arms flying, legs wrapping, some kissing, heard some disturbing moans, and yeah, by then I just turned my head and stared at the door waiting for Pris to emerge.

"Whoa." Alec coughed coming up from behind me. "They need to hurry up and get married before they have a child out of wedlock."

"Ah, I always wondered what the pot sounded like when it stopped shouting accusations at the kettle," I said aloud.

Alec barked with laughter. "I forgot how much I liked having you around, England."

"Foreign charm, and admit it - you think my accent is sexy."

"True." Alec nodded solemnly. "Sometimes I even hear it at night as my wife lulls me to sleep with her-"

"-you can stop now."

Another grin.

Yeah, I'd never seen Alec smile so many different ways. Marriage had been way too good for him. His playing was better, his song writing amazing, and I was pretty sure that by the time he was fifty he was going to be in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Just a hunch.

"How's she holding up?" Alec walked over to the breakfast bar and pulled out a stool.

"She's alright," I said in hushed tones. "Sad, upset, confused, but... she's doing better than I'd be doing."

"She seems strong," Alec mused, looking at the door. "Kind of makes me feel like an ass. I had to do how many drugs and be responsible for my own son's death before I got my head out of my ass - and even then it was Nat doing the saving. For Priscilla to just accept and fight..." He shook his head. "I admire that."

"Yeah, well." I winced. "It's going to be a long road."

"And this road... are you going to be driving on it with her?" he fished.

I knew what he was asking. Funny, because I could answer with complete confidence. "Alec, c'mon, you know I hate it when women drive my car."

"I'm ready." Priscilla came out of the bedroom, her long dark hair pulled into a tight ponytail and a grey sweatshirt over her leggings.

"You look great." I kissed her forehead.

"I look horrible." She managed a tiny smile. "But I love you for lying." Her eyes narrowed, "This time."

The room fell completely silent.

I took another step so she was in my arms. "Yeah, well, I just love you."

I heard choking, a gasp, something that sounded like a chair tipping over, and then crying.

Turning around, I saw Nat wipe tears from her eyes as a stunned Alec picked up his stool, and Alyssa helped Demetri clean up the water he'd apparently spit all over the couch.

Wow, good to know they had so much faith in the Tin Man finding his lost heart.

I ignored all their stunned expressions. "We're gonna go."

I led Priscilla to the door and had just about shut it when Demetri shouted. "I love you too, Jaymeson!"

Chapter Forty-Three

Priscilla

Jaymeson didn't let go of my hand the entire way to the hospital. I was pretty sure that he was going to start cramping, but he didn't complain. He just squeezed tighter and pulled me into his embrace.

Lucky for us, the hospital was prepared for our return. Camera crews still waited, but this time I was ready to face them. I had one mission. Fight for my sister.

Once we reached the doors, Jaymeson paused. Questions were fired from every angle, and it was stressful to say the least. Instead of going inside, Jaymeson turned and held me close to him.

"We're going to be coming and going a lot," he said smoothly. "If you give us some space and privacy, I promise to answer some of your questions. But please, don't direct any of them to my girl, she's had a rough couple of days and the last thing she needs to do is answer mindless questions about what it's like to be Jamie Jaymeson's girlfriend."

The cameras continued to go off but people stopped talking.

"I love her," he said simply looking down at me and bestowing a kiss on my forehead like I was the most precious treasure. "If you want to do something with the copious amounts of free time you seem to have, pray. Pray for her seventeen-year-old sister to make it through, because right now - she's the only family my girl has left."

With that, he gave a slight nod and led me back into the hospital. I glanced back through the glass doors to see a few of the news ladies' mouths completely dropped open, whether it was in shock over what he said, or shock over the fact that he'd just declared love - I had no idea. But it felt good. It felt better than he'd ever know. Because it wasn't just me fighting for my sister, but Jaymeson too. Maybe it was crazy but in my heart, I felt like she would make it. As long as I had him on my team, she'd make it.

By the time we reached the fifth floor I had gotten used to the stairs. It was weird because for the first time people weren't just staring at him, they were staring at me. Possibly trying to figure out what in the world he was doing with me. But I didn't care.

"Mr. Jaymeson..." A nurse jogged toward us. "We have some news."

My heart stopped.

But the nurse was smiling. That was good, right?

"She's been moved into one of the private suites on the eighth floor. The swelling has gone down considerably and the doctor's confident that she'll make a full recovery."

My shaking legs gave way. I would have landed on the floor had Jaymeson not gripped my body with his hands holding me steady.

"Thank you." He held out his free hand and shook the nurse's hand firmly. "What room number?"

"One." The nurse beamed.

Jaymeson half carried me to the elevator as we went up a few more floors. I was so excited to see my sister that I wanted to run out the elevator and throw myself onto her bed.

Lucky for me, Jaymeson kept me grounded. He was probably sure I was going to face plant if I tried to make a run for it.

The elevator doors opened with a soft ding, we took a left toward the rooms labeled one through ten. And then took another left.

When the nurse said suite, I'd thought she meant a big room. Not an actual hotel suite.

Dani still had some tubes connected to her, but the color had returned to her cheeks.

I breathed a sigh of relief.

"Dani?" Tears filled my eyes. "Are you awake?"

Her eyes flickered open. Growing up, I'd always been jealous of her. She had beautiful honey brown hair and the bluest eyes I'd ever seen. While I'd always felt plain, she was striking.

"Pris?" Her voice was hoarse, almost unrecognizable. "Is that you?"

"Yeah." Carefully, I sat on the bed and reached for her hand, she struggled to sit up and then blinked a few more times.

"Pris?"

"What, baby girl?"

"Um..." She blinked again. It was then I realized she was looking over my shoulder. "Did they say anything about me hallucinating?"

"No..."

"Oh." She blinked again. "Is Jamie Jaymeson standing in my room?"

"Oh." I managed to laugh. "Yeah, he's um, kind of, he's-"

"Careful, you're going to hurt yourself, love." Jaymeson winked and approached the bed. "I'm your sister's boyfriend."

Dani's eyes went wide as saucers.

Yeah. Two months ago I would have had the same reaction.

I cleared my throat. "How are you feeling?"

"Crappy." Dani sniffled. "But the drugs are helping take away the pain - at least the physical pain." Her eyes closed briefly as a few tears escaped.

"I'll just leave you girls for a minute," Jaymeson whispered and stepped out of the room.

"They told you about Mom and Dad?" I squeezed her hand.

She nodded.

"And the accident? Do you remember anything?"

Dani broke eye contact and stared at the blanket.

"Dani, it's not your fault. I know you must be traumatized but-"

"It was," Dani said in a hollow voice. "It was my fault."

"Accident," I said slowly. "Dani, you couldn't have prevented it."

Her answer was to shrug. I knew it would take time, she'd just woken up and I knew I'd probably respond the same way.

"Hey." I changed the subject. "How about we watch a movie or something? Are you up for it?"

She blushed.

"What?"

Dani leaned forward awkwardly, her tiny body nearly impossible to see underneath all the stuff connected to her. "Is it weird to watch a Jamie Jaymeson movie when he's actually sitting in my room?"

"Nah." I grinned. "He's a total narcissist. He'll probably eat it right up," I teased.

She blushed harder.

"Let me grab him..." I patted her hand and went out of the room to retrieve the movie star.

"Everything okay?" He yawned.

"Yup." I tried to hold my grin in.

"What?" His eyes narrowed.

"She really likes you."

"Love, I played a superhero last year and saved the world like five times. Of course she loves me."

"Hmm..." I tapped my chin. "And to think, I thought the cocky Jaymeson was long gone."

"Oh, he's still here." He pulled me into his arms and softly kissed my mouth. "He's just on his best behavior."

"I wish he wasn't."

He took control of my mouth again. "Oh, don't worry, my self control is hanging by a thread, and you, my dear, possess the scissors..."

I giggled and looked to the side as he kissed my neck. All the staff gathered around the nurse's station watched with rapt attention.

Clearing my throat, I hit him in the arm and stepped back, probably blushing like a lunatic if the heat in my face was any indication.

"She wants to watch a movie." I nervously tucked my hair behind my ear.

"Movie it is." Jaymeson wrapped his arm around me. I sighed into his chest. Grief was strange. I'd never fully experienced it. One moment I wanted to cry, and the next I was laughing.

Shouldn't I be crying every minute?

For some reason, even though my entire body screamed with sadness, having Jaymeson? Well, he was the umbrella to my rain cloud.

And I knew... my dad was the type to look at the positive. Always. If he were here... Tears welled again. If he were here, he'd ask me why I was wasting my time crying, when I should be celebrating life.

Celebrating what I had left.

A little sister.

Jaymeson.

Friends.

Life.

I could hear my dad's words like he was actually there, speaking them over me. "Life is over in a blink of an eye - so why waste your time being anything but happy that you've been given another day to live?"

"Hey, you okay?" Jaymeson whispered in my ear.

"Yeah." I nodded. "I really am."

I thought of my dad's smile. Of his reassuring hugs, of his playfulness, and his amazing ability to captivate everyone around him.

And my mom - to her, everything was funny. Life was hilarious, she'd say. She found joy in planting flowers and baking cakes for anyone who would eat them.

If I could describe my parents in one word, it would be joyful.

And I swore right then and there, that I wouldn't let that legacy die with them.

****

We watched two movies. Dani fell asleep during the first thirty minutes of the second one, but Jaymeson wanted to keep watching.

He claimed he'd never seen one of his movies before.

He cringed about every five seconds and covered his eyes, alternating between saying, "Bloody awful," and "Bloody terrible," over and over again.

I decided I needed to record his expression. I pulled out my phone and snapped a picture. I was rewarded with a glare, and then he was back to watching himself, his face wincing as he delivered lines in the movie.

Once I saved the picture - I itched to Facebook it - to share it. Which was stupid because technically he didn't have a Facebook.

Then again.

I didn't either.

Bad call - I shouldn't have deleted my account. With a sigh, I quickly logged back in and reactivated my account.

I had thirty messages from Jamie Hudson who had now changed his name to Jamie Hudson Jaymeson.

Jamie Hudson Jaymeson: I'm sorry.

Jamie Hudson Jaymeson: Please forgive me.

Jamie Hudson Jaymeson: I'm an ass (he'd inserted a picture of an actual ass)

Jamie Hudson Jaymeson: ...Love

Jamie Hudson Jaymeson: I think I may love you.

Jamie Hudson Jaymeson: Never mind... I know I love you.

The messages were all similar, each and every one of them made me want to cry.

I wiped at a few stray tears and almost dropped my phone when it went off again. I had one new message from Jaymeson. With a smile I looked up, and he winked from his spot on the bed.

With a smile, I opened the message, and this time really did drop my phone before picking it back up again.

Jamie Hudson Jaymeson: Say you'll marry me.

Shaking, I answered.

Me: Are you asking?

Jamie Hudson Jaymeson: More like ordering. I'm Jamie Jaymeson - I don't ask.

Me: That's too bad, because I'm Priscilla S. Garcia and I need you to ask.

He didn't respond. My heart deflated a bit as I stared at the phone and waited for the notification alert.

And then I looked up.

Jamie Jaymeson wasn't messaging me on Facebook. He was real, in the flesh - and he was kneeling in front of me. An adorable, worshipful smile crossed his lips as he reached for my phone, set it on the bed, and wrapped his warm hands around my fingertips.

"Demanding little minx, aren't you, love?" Those same full lips curled into a gut-wrenching smile that had me full-on melting against the bed.

"I love you." Each word was said so softly that my ears strained to hear. "I love you." He looked into my eyes and repeated, "I love you." With a sigh he lifted my hands to his lips and kissed every single finger before uttering again, "I love you."

My breath caught as he lifted my palm to his mouth and kissed. "I want to spend my life saying those three little words... every chance I get. Priscilla, will you rescue me? Will you reform me? Will you partner with me? Will you do me the greatest honor of becoming my wife?"

"No way," a low voice muttered.

I looked up with blurry eyes to see Demetri, Alec, Nat, and Alyssa watching the exchange. Demetri looked like he was about ready to pass out while Alec was grinning like a fool.

Jaymeson cleared his throat.

I glanced back at him, at his beautiful green eyes, dark hair, full lips, he was beautiful on the outside - it's what had attracted me to him in the first place. But I could honestly say, it was his heart that I loved the most.

"Yes," I whispered. "Yes!"

I flung myself into his arms nearly knocking him over.

Alec whistled while Demetri looked like he needed a paper bag to breathe into.

"What's all the noise?" my sister asked in a sleepy voice. Then she rubbed her eyes and paled. "Pris, please tell me I don't have both members of AD2 in my room as well as Jamie Jaymeson."

"Uhh..." I laughed. Dani had only met the guys a few times, and even then she'd been so tongue-tied she'd actually gone pale and just walked away.

"Want me to sing you a song?" Demetri offered, grinning like a fool. Alyssa smacked him in the stomach, and he bent over in pain.

"See?" Alec laughed. "We're real."

"Pris," Dani croaked. "I think, when I'm not so tired, we have some catching up to do."

"Yeah." I pried myself away from Jaymeson and grabbed her hand. "We do."

Chapter Forty-Four

Jaymeson

Demetri alternated between eyeing me like I was high and shaking his head, before he finally resorted to muttering to himself. Pretty sure this was one of those times he wished he still did drugs.

"You fell fast." He shook his head. "Less than two months and you're proposing."

"When you know, you know," I teased.

His eyes narrowed, and then he pointed. "We're getting married first."

"You and me?" I asked innocently.

"Jackass. Me and Lyss. Don't go raining on our parade, I want to have sex again. Lots and lots of sex. I will not have my British brother c**k block me!"

"Shh." Alec gave me an irritated look. "She's sleeping."

It was just us three and Dani.

The girls had gone to get food and thought it might be smarter to keep us all secluded in the room so we wouldn't be responsible for another nurse passing out. I didn't actually see it happen, but apparently when Demetri accidently walked into the wrong room, a nurse was so startled - he says by his good looks - that she fainted.

I think she was just overworked and exhausted.

But Demetri was convinced it was his presence. Yeah, good luck with that one, Alyssa. He was still as cocky as ever.

Dani had fallen asleep again on account of all the drugs they were pumping through her system, which was probably a good thing considering her heart monitor had gone crazy once she realized that all of us were, in fact, standing together in her hospital room.

My phone started ringing.

Peter.

It was the third time he'd called me that day.

"I'll be back, guys." I answered the phone and walked hastily into the waiting room. "I won't change my mind."

"Jamie," a gruff voice said. "This is Danny Erickson, I'm sitting here with your agent discussing the movie's future."

"Sir." I cleared my throat. "I'm sorry that I turned down the in-person audition, but there's no way I could leave-"

"I understand, son." His voice was gruff. "I lost my little girl to a car accident when she was seven. She was riding her bike in the street and got clipped."

I sucked in a breath. "That's awful, my condolences, sir."

"What I'm trying to say, and what I've been telling your agent for the past two hours is... you need to do what you need to do. But this movie? It's not going to get made unless you have the lead. I believe in you for the part, and I can't imagine anyone but you playing it."

It felt good to be wanted, but I couldn't leave Pris. "I just asked my girlfriend to marry me."

"Congratulations!" Danny sounded genuinely happy. "Would that be the girl who did the scene with you?"

"Yeah," I said in a voice that probably sounded more blissful than business.

"Great, that makes this so much easier."

"This?"

"We want her to play the role opposite you."

I almost dropped the phone.

"Pardon?" I squeaked, pounding my chest like I'd just swallowed a bug. An unknown? They were going to give the part... to Pris?

"I've surprised you." He chuckled. "Your agent poured himself a drink, I'm not sure if it was in celebration or stress. At any rate, it's my movie, and I have full control of casting. The chemistry you both demonstrated was unlike anything I've seen in a very, very long time, son. Now, Peter has explained your situation in great detail. If we're able to move a chunk of the movie to Oregon rather than Louisiana, and if your fiancee is okay with it, can I get a verbal agreement?"

"Yes." This was happening. Holy shit. "Yes, I'll do it."

"Fantastic." I heard a few claps. "We didn't want to film in Louisiana anyway. It didn't have the right feel. Oregon has some great tax breaks, so we'll be saving money filming in that location anyways. Alright, pre-production's set for two weeks. You may need to fly down with your fiancee a few times, but we'll make it work."

"Do you want me to tell her?" Please let me tell her.

"Of course! We'll be in touch, Jaymeson."

"Sir."

I ended the conversation and stared at my phone for a good five minutes before mindlessly shuffling back into the suite.

"Everything alright?" Alec popped his gum and leaned back in the chair.

"Yeah." I stuffed the phone back in my pocket. "Um, I got the part."

"Awesome." Demetri pumped his fist in the air. "I love happy endings. The whore discovers a heart and lives happily ever after in Oz under a rainbow of potted gold."

"Uh..." Alec patted Demetri's shoulder. "I think you're mixing your fairy tales up with the great wizard and lucky charms."

"Damn, I'm starving," Demetri muttered.

"They're offering the other lead to Pris."

Demetri fell back in his chair. Alec caught him before he hit the ground. Both of them cursed then winced as Dani moaned in her sleep.

"How?" Alec asked while Demetri said. "Does she know?"

"We did the audition tape together. It was..." Hot. That's what it was. It was amazing. The first time I'd said I love you out loud.

Alec clapped his hands. "Dude, stop spacing out. You're worse than Demetri, and you don't have the excuse of having no brain cells left from drug use."

"I love my brother. I love my brother. I love my brother." Demetri squeezed his eyes shut and repeated the mantra.

"Boys!" Nat entered the room lifting bags of food in the air. "We brought you food!"

We fell silent.

The girls stared at us.

We stared back.

Demetri coughed.

"Er, something wrong?" Alyssa asked with a weak smile in place.

"Priscilla's going to be in a movie!" Demetri blurted then covered his mouth while Alec smacked him on the back of the head. "Sorry, I'm hungry. I can't control myself when I'm hungry."

Groaning, I looked back to Pris.

Her eyes narrowed. "What?" She shook her head and let out a nervous laugh. "That's impossible."

"They liked the audition video we did." I smiled encouragingly. "Danny Erickson just called me. Not only does he want you to play opposite me, but they're going to film here."

"We have got to jump on that soundtrack." Alec elbowed Demetri in the ribs. "Call Stan."

"Are you serious?" All color drained from Pris's face. "But what if I'm horrible?"

Everyone burst out laughing.

"You'll be fine." I took slow steps toward her. "I promise. You'll be with me."

"But-"

"Dude, she may need Demetri's paper bag," Alec interjected.

"Funny," Demetri grumbled under his breath.

"Love." By the time my fingers grazed her jaw, color was returning to her cheeks. "We'll be together. I was all set to turn it down, and then he said your name. I can't think of anything I'd rather do than get to kiss my fiancee, and get her to fall in love with me all over again, scene by scene, line by line..."

Nat and Alyssa sighed.

Yeah, the guys were probably going to poison my cereal.

"Okay." Pris's brown eyes were wild with excitement. "But, if I suck, you have to make me better."

"Oh, I'll make it all better," I murmured, kissing her.

"There he is!" Demetri announced. "Damn, I was worried for a second. It's always hard, you know? Losing a whore."

Chapter Forty-Five

Priscilla

It was a week before we were able to take Dani home. Jaymeson and I had spent countless hours in that suite with her. I still couldn't believe that he'd gone to all that trouble just so we would be comfortable.

Dani was a lot more easy-going around the guys, but I could tell it still unnerved her.

There were also the nightmares.

At least once a night she woke up yelling for our dad. Every time, I held her and cried with her. My heart wasn't healed, but I was trying so hard to be strong for her, and in turn, Jaymeson was strong for me.

One night, I must have slept through her scream because when I woke up Jaymeson was sitting next to her on the bed, leaning against the pillow stroking her hair as she slept.

I imagined the piercing in my heart was what it felt like to watch someone you love loving the most important person in your life in return. It was beautiful, and I knew in that moment that my dad would have loved Jaymeson. Because Jaymeson loved my dad's little girls more than life itself.

He showed it in his actions.

Jaymeson had helped get Dani to the car while I'd gone to the accounting department to discuss the payments for the hospital bills. I knew my parents didn't have a ton of money, but I figured that hopefully with their life insurance I could pay for part of her bills.

"Paid in full." The nurse had flashed me a knowing smile.

"But-"

"Paid in full," she repeated. "Now was there anything else I can help you with?"

Confused I'd made it ten steps before it struck me.

Jaymeson.

It had taken the entire plane ride back, lots of kissing and coaxing, but he finally 'fessed up and said he not only paid for the hospital stay but may have possibly bought Dani a new car in the process, for when she was ready to drive again. Sort of as a welcome home present so she wouldn't be so sad.

I accused him of spoiling her.

His answer was, "I want to spend my life spoiling you. Both of you."

Pretty sure Demetri and Alec were getting tired of watching us because they'd all moved to different parts of the private jet.

Yeah, private jet.

I was still in shock.

"So." Jaymeson cleared his throat. "I, uh, thought we should um..." He turned bright red. "Bring your stuff over to my place."

"My stuff?" I asked.

"Yeah." Why was he turning red?

"I know we need to go through all your parents' belongings. I know it would be too hard to stay there right now, so I kind of thought you and Dani should stay with me." He gulped. "At my beach house."

"Why are you sweating?" I touched his forehead.

"Holy shit, I feel like I'm fifteen," Jaymeson muttered. "I don't want to ever, ever, ever, sleep without you. Ever again..." He coughed. "Ever."

"Say ever one more time, man." Demetri walked between us and laughed. "I don't think she heard you."

Jaymeson flipped him off.

Somehow, Demetri could read minds, because his middle finger was already hoisted in the air toward Jaymeson even though he hadn't turned around.

They were helping us unload our bags and Dani, while they packed up for the next leg of their tour.

"Okay." I licked my lips. "But with Dani there, we can't... you know." I put my hands in front of me, and twisted them in the air.

"Mime?"

Demetri walked back between us. "Wow, your guys' communication skills need work." He patted Jaymeson on the back. "Oh, and if you didn't catch that, she means you can't have sex. Sucks to be you."

"Don't you have somewhere to be?" Jaymeson snapped.

"No." Demetri beamed. "I'm quite happy. Do continue."

Within seconds Alyssa had Demetri by the ear and was dragging him away from our conversation.

Jaymeson turned his full attention back to me. "I've controlled myself for how long? Pretty sure I can wait, love."

"Famous last words!" Demetri shouted from the other side of the plane.

Chapter Forty-Six

Jaymeson

I was staring at her - hard.

I may have snuck into her room once Dani fell asleep, and now I was being the creepy boyfriend/fiance that stared at his girl as if she held secrets to the universe on the pillow of her lips.

Pillow of her lips - bloody fantastic. There I went again, getting all sentimental and wanting to slap myself in the face.

Pris moaned in her sleep. I tucked her body into mine and watched the waves slowly cascade across the white sand beach. Her room was on the top floor, giving her the perfect view of the beach.

Two months ago I'd hated Seaside.

Now? I would live here, if that meant keeping her - and keeping what we had solid. Yeah, I'd put down roots or whatever the hell people called it.

Dani hadn't lasted more than three seconds in her old house before she'd burst into tears. I could tell Pris wanted to cry too, but she was trying to be strong. They'd packed a bag for Dani and now they were at my house indefinitely.

Funeral arrangements sucked balls. And that wasn't me being insensitive. It was the cold hard truth. Just when I thought the girls were doing better, they'd break down.

I ended up helping out of pure desperation. I hated seeing Pris cry and that immediately transferred to her sister.

The funeral was small, but the entire freaking town showed up, giving the girls their support.

I was thankful for that, thankful for the small community that stood behind the girls like they were family. Thankful that I was witness to what community and family really were about.

By the time we finally got settled into my house, I think the shock was starting to wear off, but I knew it would be months, years even, before the girls would stop feeling that empty hole in their hearts - the empty hole of loss.

For a guy who'd once whored himself around and hated the idea of marriage and a family - I was sure jumping the gun.

But I'd never wanted anything so desperately in my entire life.

"Jaymeson..." Pris mumbled. "Aren't you supposed to be in your room?"

"I am in my room."

"You're in my room," she clarified without opening her eyes.

"My house. I own all the rooms." I patted her head. "Sleep, love."

"Am I going to suck?" She yawned and sat up, blinking a few times before her eyes seemed to focus on me.

"What are we talking about?"

She rolled her eyes and backhanded me in the shoulder. "When what's his face flies in to Portland and we do that read-through - am I going to suck?"

"Of course not." I tucked her hair behind her ear and kissed her lightly across the lips. "You'll be with me. So everything's going to be fine."

"I'm worried." She held her lower lip hostage between her teeth.

"About acting?"

Her head shook slowly. "About Dani."

"She has us," I vowed. "And we won't let anything happen to her. She just needs time."

Pris nodded and then offered an excited smile. "And we have that."

"What?"

"Time."

"We do." I chuckled. "We have all the time in the world."

"I love you," she whispered, tears pooling in the depths of her deep brown eyes. "So much."

"I love you too." I brushed another kiss across her mouth. "Now, go to sleep. The sooner you sleep, the sooner you wake up and I make you pancakes."

"Deal." She snuggled back into the bed and held out her arm. I didn't need a second invitation. I grasped my girl as tight as possible and fell asleep with a grin on my face.

Not because I was having sex.

Or because I was whoring myself around.

Not even because I was the luckiest bastard in the world.

But because, I had the heart of the girl I loved - and I wasn't ever letting go.

