PROLOGUE

ASH DIDN'T WANT TO remember her this way. Her beautiful face, so often lit with a breathtaking smile, was now cold and dead.

The first time he'd seen her, he had thought she was an angel, and he'd said that very thing under his breath when she had made her debut that season...

"Beautiful," he murmured as Lucy took a turn about the room, gaining introductions to all the available gentlemen who came her way. Taking an earth-shattering breath, the kind that every man took when he was about to approach a beautiful woman, he made his way over to her.

Music faded into the background with each step. All Ash was aware of was the clicking of his boot against the floor as he progressed toward the beauty. One dance... if only she would give him one dance, he would secure her hand forever. He knew it in his heart, in his soul. She was meant to be his.

Heart beating out of his chest, he could barely contain his excitement as she lifted her eyes and met his gaze. Blue eyes twinkled in his direction, and then she lifted her hand in a wave. A wave? Something was wrong. Ash paused and then glanced self-consciously over his shoulder. There was no one but him, and then he gazed back at her. She crooked her finger, beckoning him forward.

Completely under her spell, he couldn't deny her any more than he could cease from taking his next breath. Finally, he stood before her, at least a foot taller than she.

"Where have you been, you rogue?" She swatted him on the arm and gave him a coy laugh. "I have been looking everywhere for you!"

"For me?" Ash questioned. "Are you certain we have met?"

"Must you always joke at such serious times?" The girl laughed again, and he was caught at the sight of her dimples as they danced along her cheeks. Carefree. She appeared so carefree, so perfect, un-weighted by the things of this world, by the responsibility and darkness, by disappointment. He tilted his head and then reached out to touch her - perhaps she truly was a dream. And then a voice broke out into the pounding in his ears.

"Ah, sweetheart, you've met my brother." Hunter stepped beside the girl and wrapped his arm around her.

Ash stepped back, his heart sinking down to his feet. She hadn't been looking for him at all, but his older brother, his twin, the duke. It was such a sad joke, a sad existence really. Would he ever be first in anything?

Months had progressed into a year as he'd watched his brother and Lucy fall into such a deep love all he had been able to do was be happy for them and try to spend as much time away as possible. After all, it was not done to want your brother's wife, to want to care for her and protect her. It was fate's final, cruel trick to allow Ash to feel something for another and then have that person ripped away by his brother. Though he loved his brother more than his own life, it seemed Ash was always left with nothing while his brother was given everything.

His name fit.

For he was the ash after the fire of Hunter burned out.

He was nothing but soot, darkness, and sand. One day, his ashes would trickle away into the wind, never to be remembered and never mourned, but forgotten.

"Ash! Do you hear me! I love you! I love you!" Hunter yelled at his brother as he shook his shoulders, and then his eyes widened with desperation as slapped him across the face.

Ash stared at the blood staining his hands. He tried to wipe it off. Tried but failed as it continued to drip down his wrists into his jacket. "I'm so sorry," he kept repeating over and over again, but it did not matter.

The carriage had come too fast. Lucy had thought Ash was Hunter and had run to him right into the street.

The fault was his.

He knew it, Hunter knew it, and Lucy, beautiful Lucy, his brother's innocent wife was dead, and it was all because he had lied about who he was, tried to be better than just the second son.

He backed away, slowly at first, and then he ran.

His feet ached, his stomach heaved, and finally he stopped in the middle of the street, hoping, praying that someone or something would hit him. Death, it seemed, was his only option; it was his wish, his choice. For how could he live with himself after what he had done?

Hunter had loved Lucy, but so had Ash. She was his everything, his only relative other than Hunter, and although he had wanted her for himself, he had pushed those emotions so far beneath the surface of his heart that he hadn't understood how far the love had run until now, until it was too late.

On legs like lead, he walked until he reached the tombstone of his parents. Both taken from him too soon. What would they think of him now? He was the disappointment in the family, the second son by minutes. And now he was a murderer.

Disgusted with himself, he sat down on the cold grass, leaned his head against the stone, and cursed. His brother - his only living relative - and he had ruined his life and ruined his parents' memory in the process. All he had ever wanted as a boy was to please his father, yet all he'd received was disapproval. One time - just one time - he wanted to make someone proud, make himself proud.

But it was impossible.

He looked down at bloodstained hands.

His future stared right back at him.

Flee! He needed to flee, to get away. No, not just get away. He needed to die. A life for a life. So he set about doing exactly that. It was not fair that he was able to live, to survive, when the one woman who had done nothing but brought happiness to everyone she'd met, lay dead in the street.

"Lucy," he whispered as salty tears ran down his cheeks and across his lips. "I'm so sorry... but I will see you soon. I will see you soon." He reached into his pocket and pulled out the pistol. With shaking hands he lifted it to his chin and pulled the trigger.

CHAPTER ONE

I have lost the war that wages between my mind and my soul. I have allowed myself to become swallowed up within the darkness and despair of the world I exist in. What cruel God would allow me to live when my greatest desire, was to follow her into the next world? -The Grimm Reaper

ASH TRACED THE SCAR beneath his chin. Usually his cravat did the job of covering the monstrosity, but today, today of all days, he needed another reminder of who he was, of what he was.

Thick and grotesque, the scar went from just above his throat across his neck and ended at the bottom of his ear. The carriage jolted, causing his hand to slip. He slowly lowered his chin and looked down at that hand, the same hand, the same fingers responsible for pulling the trigger.

Ash closed his eyes and squeezed his hand tight until he felt the leather numb his fingers. Another reminder. They were everywhere. Since that day, he hadn't been able to hold a pistol in his right hand; too many memories caused him to pause before he shot. In his certain business, pausing meant death. And though at one time he had wished for it, he had found a greater purpose: killing those who deserved it more than he and watching the life drain from their bodies as he said a prayer for their damned souls.

Exhaling, he slapped his glove, once, twice against his thigh and then put it back on his right hand. He squeezed into the smooth leather, relishing the way the tightness fit around his fingers. Every day he drew a breath was another day he was alive; every time he had a sensation of warmth or contentment, it was soon followed with guilt. Guilt that Lucy would never again experience any of those things, guilt that he was.

"Are you certain you are up to it this time, Ash?"

Ash's head snapped to attention. He gritted his teeth as his nostrils flared in irritation. "Up to it? When have I ever given you reason to doubt my abilities?"

"Never." Pierce pulled out two of his pistols and laid them across the seat next to him. "But you've also never had to do a retrieval. I fear you'll shoot every bloke within the woman's vicinity before even asking the first and most important question."

"And what's that?"

"Pardon?" Pierce flicked the blade of his dagger.

"The most important question."

"Oh, of course. That would be... if we are, in fact, in the right cottage. Wouldn't do to rescue the wrong damsel and all that. Too messy. We'd have to kill her to silence her, and I do hate having such beautiful blood on my hands."

"Sentimental poet." Ash smirked. "Fine. I promise not to shoot anyone or anything until we ask the question."

"And after?"

Ash sighed. "I must be allowed to shoot something." If he didn't, the constraint might drive him mad. He'd been sitting in the same blasted carriage for days now. Who knew it took so long to escape to Scotland?

"Shoot a tree."

"A tree? Be quick about reminding me why I brought you on this mission again."

Pierce shrugged. "Because you need someone who has the social skills of a gentleman."

"And what do I have?"

"That of an ass," Pierce said happily and then added, "The donkey, not an actual ass, you get my meaning." He chuckled happily. "Now, is there anything else I need to know about this damsel? She's Russian? Escaping her horrid family in hopes to marry into the peerage? What else?"

Giving a shake of his head, Ash spread his hands. "I was told nothing more than to retrieve her and the guard and bring them into London."

"Guard?"

"Yes, guard. As in, she has a Royal Guard who remains loyal. My guess is they will be extremely difficult."

"Lovely." Pierce placed his dagger on the seat next to his pistols. "All accounted for. Now, let us be quick about this. I have a saucy wench waiting for me at The Beast's Scottish estate."

"I doubt the Royal Prince of Maskylov would approve of your behavior under his roof."

"The Beast is currently rotting in London." Pierce picked at a piece of lint on his trousers and shrugged. "Besides, I like to have my appetite sated before I travel for days on end with a beautiful woman."

Ash snapped to attention, bringing his head up almost painfully to regard the other man. "How do you know she's beautiful?"

Pierce shrugged and then grinned wickedly. "Damsels, my friend, are always beautiful."

Ash hoped not. The last thing he needed was a self-absorbed princess. He was no nursemaid, and he would rather gouge his own eyes out than cater to a simpering female.

CHAPTER TWO

Hell is sweet deliverance. Heaven... well heaven only reminds me of her smile, and I would rather rot than remember the blood that dripped from her smile in those last moments. Death is what I deserve. What I crave. -The Grimm Reaper

SOFIA SAT DEMURELY BY the window, hoping to draw less attention to the somber mood she was in.

Ten days. It had been ten days since her cousin had sent word to her, and she hadn't a day more to spare. For one thing, if one more of her Royal Guard asked her if she was feeling down, she was going to not only throttle him but pull out a pistol or perhaps a sword.

She smiled. Yes, a sword sounded much more violent. It was the first smile that dared show itself across her face, and unfortunately, it had everything to do with a pointy metallic object and nothing to do with being actually happy.

Licking her lips, she sunk lower into the comfort of the chair and sighed.

"Princess!" Cornelius shouted loud enough to wake the Prince Regent. "Princess! Show yourself immediately!" Was that a stomp? Did the man now resort to stomping his expensive boots when he was put off by her behavior? With a snort, she sunk lower and closed her eyes. Yes, closing her eyes would do the trick. If she clenched them tight enough, perhaps her Royal Guard would disappear and-

"There you are!" Cornelius shouted. "I have found her! I have found the missing princess!" And now everyone in Scotland was deaf. Lovely. Such a wonderful parting gift to bestow upon the good people.

With a loud and very un-princess-like sigh, she rose from the chair and faced him. To be fair, there wasn't anything disagreeable about the man. At one and twenty, he had been only too eager to escort her across the country to find an English groom. His black boots were polished to perfection, and his stance was so rigid she wagered she could but blow him a kiss, and he would fall over.

He eyed her with enthusiasm as if he deserved his just reward for braving the halls of the small cottage and waving his pistol in the air. No doubt his arm was sore from having to carry the thing from one end of the room to the next.

"Well done," she said with a little too much sarcasm. "You have discovered me. Now what is it you need?"

Cornelius smiled triumphantly. "We have visitors."

"Visitors?" she repeated as she self-consciously reached for the hair that had been shorn not but a few days ago after leaving Russia.

Gone. Her waist-length, black-as-night hair was gone. And in its place, a short cut that, although she was convinced was the style, only came to just below her shoulders, making her feel absolutely naked.

She hadn't had the time nor the money to bring a lady's maid. Her escape from her evil stepmother had been planned out within a twenty-four-hour period. The guard left with her were nothing but younger soldiers stupid enough to follow her into exile and strong enough to keep her protected. Though one retired general also traveled with them.

Her hands fell back to her sides as she gave a slight nod to Cornelius. "Show them in."

"But-"

"Now," she snapped.

Cornelius nodded and left the room. Within minutes, six of the guard barreled into the room, each of them taking a stance around her as they had been taught to do. Six lives were worth her one.

It didn't seem fair.

A person's life should not be defined by bloodlines, money, or beauty. Yet, her entire life was based off just those things. Sad. For the very thing that defined her ended up being the very thing that had put her life in jeopardy.

For she had committed the ultimate sin.

She had been born.

Footsteps echoed in the distance. Closer they came. She shut her eyes and remembered her father's face as tears had run down his weathered cheeks. "You must go," he whispered into her ear as he took his last breath. "You must flee. I lo-"

But he'd never finished saying the words she had longed to hear her entire life. He'd never spoken them aloud, and in his final moments, when she'd needed them the most, God had stolen his very life before he was able to utter them.

The footsteps became louder and louder. The guard tensed around her, forming a tight circle, until finally two very large men entered the room.

Her heart nearly slammed out of her chest for neither of the men were her cousin, which meant one thing and one thing only.

She had been discovered.

And she was going to die.

CHAPTER THREE

I find myself getting more and more irritated with death. It promises to be swift, yet here I stand. It promises silence, yet all I hear is noise. And in the end, it promised me peace, yet all I feel is war. -The Grimm Reaper

MISFITS. EVERY LAST ONE of them. Ash narrowed his eyes at the men forming a circle around who he hoped was said damsel.

These were her royal protectors? Two minutes. He timed it in his head as he glanced at each one of the men. That was how long it would most likely take to render every last one of them unconscious. What the devil had this girl's parents been thinking? Her fate was practically in the hands of children! Not counting the elderly man who stood directly in front of Ash, the rest of the men couldn't be over the age of one and twenty!

He cleared his throat.

Seven pairs of eyes shifted to him uncomfortably, but nobody moved a muscle. At least they had that correct. Protect the woman at all costs.

"Who did you say you were?" the elderly man asked.

"I didn't," Ash said curtly. "And you need not know. I'm here for a Miss Sofia Snow. Kindly step away before I remove each and every one of you personally."

"I think he's serious," said the young guard standing closest to the elderly man, his eyes widening as if trying to take in Ash's form.

"He's always serious," Pierce said behind him.

Ash rolled his eyes.

Still nobody moved.

"Ridiculous. It is as if you haven't spoken at all," Pierce commented with a chuckle. "Losing your touch, Ash? You know what that means."

"Pierce, I-"

"Retirement. Find a willing woman, impregnate her as soon as possible, and flee to the country. You have officially been neutered."

"Don't you mean neutralized?" one of the seven guards piped up.

"Idiot, he means neutered, as in, he's no longer a man," a second guard scoffed, shaking his head.

"Will all of you please be quiet? I'm trying to kill him." A squat guard who rather resembled a troll with an unfortunate tick in his eye crossed his arms and narrowed his eyes toward Ash.

"With what?" The elderly man sneezed and wiped his face.

"His mind," another voice piped up. "He thinks he can kill people with his mind."

Well. That did it. Ash gritted his teeth. Hunter, the Duke of Wolverstone had clearly sent him here in order to finally drive him mad.

The elderly man sneezed again, this time nearly toppling over in the process. His pistol slipped from his hands. He bent over to pick it up, giving Ash full view of what the men were so keen on protecting.

Large, almost-purple eyes blinked at him... once, twice. He swallowed and took a cautious step forward, aware that the guards were whispering amongst themselves regarding what they should do. Allow him to see the girl or kill him where he stood?

He didn't even have the good sense to laugh. Not while his eyes were locked on hers.

Huge. Her eyes were huge. He scanned her full bee-stung lips. Pieces of dark shiny hair hung across perfectly carved high cheekbones. The girl's dark eyebrows arched as she continued to watch him. He pushed the men aside until he stood just in front of her.

Odd. Every part of her face seemed too large, from her eyes to her lips. Even her nose seemed more pronounced than would be found on such a petite girl. The catch? If one looked at each individual characteristic, one could almost devise that she was flawed in every way. Eyes too big and searching, lips too plump, eyebrows too dark. Truly, she was almost... odd looking.

But when he added all those unique flaws together, and then looked at the girl, really looked at her, he was almost brought to his knees.

For she was absolutely beautiful.

And then she opened her mouth.

"I do not know who you think you are, nor your reasons for being here, but my men will kill you where you stand if you take one more step!"

Her color was high as she thrust her chin into the air.

"Is she serious?" Ash asked aloud, meaning to be thinking it rather than speaking it.

"Yes, she is." The girl glared.

Ash pressed his lips together and looked down at the ground, fighting off laughter. She truly thought that the seven idiots standing around her could protect her? He lifted an eyebrow and held out his hand. "I won't ask twice."

"Good." She smiled brightly; he exhaled in shock. Two dimples framed her wide mouth. Perfect white teeth blinded him as she gave a brief curtsy. "I did not even want you to ask once."

Ash looked behind him to see Pierce leaning against the wall examining his glove as if it had sprouted a face. "Are you not going to give me aid?"

"No," he said simply. "I am quite enjoying myself. Do continue."

Ash growled and turned back to the woman.

Finally, he spoke first. "I'm here to-"

Her hand went sailing across his face without warning. The slap was loud enough to send a crack through the air.

Ash stood there, stunned, while the sting radiated outward toward his jaw. And then with a war cry straight out of some terrible play, he lunged for the girl and lifted her into his arms, holding the pistol against her head.

The men surrounding them froze.

Pierce laughed.

Ash rolled his eyes and cursed.

The woman tried to move against him.

He held her firm and then really wished he had let her go.

She was the first he'd held in nine years.

Nine years of celibacy, and now the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen was rubbing against him.

God was punishing him. That much was painfully, albeit arousingly, clear.

"Cease from moving before I really give you something to scream about." His voice came out sounding hoarse and hollow.

Thank God, the wench actually stopped moving. Ash loosened his hold. "Now, where was I?"

"Before or after you were slapped?" Pierce asked.

"Before," the elderly man answered as Ash opened his mouth. "He was just getting ready to say why he was here when Her Highness walloped on him."

"She did not wallop on me," he said through clenched teeth.

"Sure looked like a wallop." One of the guards laughed. "You still have a handprint on your face." He elbowed the one who thought he could read minds as they both burst into laughter.

"Enough!" Ash bellowed, the action causing the sting in his cheek to worsen. "What the devil is wrong with you people? I'm here to see that the Royal Prince Maskylov's cousin makes safe passage into England without getting herself killed. Though to be honest, I'm having second thoughts."

"Because of the slap." The elderly man nodded emphatically.

Sofia, her highness, or whatever the blazes her name was, finally sagged against him.

He released her from his grip and lowered his pistol.

"Who are you?"

"Now she wants to know," Ash mumbled. "It is of no importance. I am here to-"

"Rescue you, fair damsel!" Pierce chose that exact moment to make a complete fool of himself.

Ash glared at his cohort, truly ready to pull a pistol on the man and be done with it. Idiots, he was surrounded by them, though he knew Pierce was merely trying to vex him. Fool. Ash narrowed his gaze on his friend.

"I am no damsel," Sofia argued from beside him.

"Clearly," Ash said dryly.

She turned and glared. "Care to gain another slap?"

"I have nothing against striking a woman."

"You wouldn't dare!" She pointed in his face. Again.

With strength he didn't possess, he held his ground and gave her his most menacing glare. "I would, and I will. Now, gather your things. We are for London."

"No."

Ash groaned loudly. "Madam, either you leave willingly or not. The choice is yours, but know you will be leaving."

"Says who?"

"I say!" Ash all but roared. "And I have been saying such for the past ten minutes! I am here on behalf of your beastly cousin. Damn and hell, they should have paid me more for this."

"My cousin?" Sofia chewed her lower lip. "I do not believe you." She crossed her arms over her chest. "He would never send a - a..." She shook her head violently. "...a madman in his stead!"

Ash sighed. "We are late as it is. If you will not go with me, you little hoyden, I will simply toss you over my shoulder."

"You will not!" The elderly guard thumped his foot onto the ground and puffed out his chest. "We need proof of your legitimacy."

"You hear that, Ash?" Standing next to him, Pierce laughed. "They need proof of your birth."

"No, er..." The old man scratched his head. "...that is to say, I am sure you are a legitimate, er, man. I meant proof of your..." He scrunched up his nose.

The younger guard sneezed next to him and managed to get out the word "Mission" before sneezing again.

"That's it!" The old man nodded. "Your mission. If the prince sent you, then we need to see proof."

"Fine." Ash clenched his teeth, pulled back his arm, and knocked the younger man in front of him to the ground.

"Ash." Pierce groaned. "Why?"

"He wanted proof."

"So you punched him?" The elderly man made a move toward Ash just as the younger man came around.

"Look." Ash pointed down at the man. "Proof."

Sure enough, the younger man's face bore the mark of Prince Maskylov's signet ring, imprinted quite dramatically across his cheek.

"Is it a dragon?"

"A beast." Sofia spoke up. "His signet ring is a beast." She moved to help the younger man to his feet and scowled at Ash. "You did not need to hurt him."

"He's fine." Ash shrugged. "Now, may we leave?"

CHAPTER FOUR

If death does not even want me... who will? I do not even want myself. I disgust myself. But, I want her. I want her so bad it hurts. But she's gone, and every time I look at another woman I see her face, her lips, her smile, and I tell myself that my celibacy is my punishment; it is my cross to bear. For how could I look at myself in the mirror after just spending the night in another woman's arms? -The Grimm Reaper

IF IT WAS AT all possible to kill a person by glaring, Ash would be dead. Sofia hated him for a number of reasons, the first and foremost being that he was a cocky fool! Clearly, her cousin had no concern for her welfare for him to send her a man who polished his own blasted boots before dinner!

Twenty minutes later, and they had finally been able to eat.

All because his boots had had a spot.

And after dinner, the man had had the nerve to ask her if she would be so kind as to help him get settled into one of the rooms in the cottage! As if she were his maid!

But the worst of the situation, and truly that was where she wondered if she would ever be able to look a man in the eyes again, he'd asked her to bring him water so he could bathe!

When her Royal Guard had offered, he'd refused, saying that a man should not do a woman's work.

An hour later, and she was sweating so profusely it was she who needed the bath, not him.

"Will that be all?" she asked once she'd brought the last bucket of heated water.

"This could have been avoided, you know." Ash removed his jacket and newly shined boots.

Sofia looked away from the infuriating, undressing man. "What? The bath?"

"Yes." Ash's voice was deep and commanding, but it seemed the more he talked the harder it was for him; he easily went hoarse during conversation and often resorted to head nodding and motioning with his hands. Now was one of those times; his voice had changed, the inflection gravelly and raw. Merciful heavens, it was hot in that room.

"How?" Sofia asked, exasperated and in need of an escape, even if it meant jumping head first out the window.

"If you had listened the first time, we would have been in the next town and happily on our way into London. Because of you and your stubbornness, we had to stay."

"So it's my fault you're an idiot? Is that what you're saying?" She tilted her head and gave him a patronizing smile. "After all, you were the fool who barged in and attacked my Royal Guard in hopes of sweeping me away to London. It seems to me, you think me the fool, when truly, the fault lies with you and your inability to practice patience."

Ash grinned. "That was a lovely scolding. Well delivered. To the point, still courteous. If I did not know you to be royalty, that would have sealed your fate. You must have a care how you speak to others when you are in London. It would not do for your true identity to be realized."

Sofia held her head high, not willing to admit he was most likely right. "Will that be all?" she said through clenched teeth the second time.

"No..." Ash peeled the shirt from his body. "...no, it will not be all."

She'd been afraid of that.

"Look at me," he commanded, voice husky.

Sofia slowly turned her head toward him and managed to hold in her gasp when her eyes fell upon his naked chest. His body was covered in odd markings and scars. His muscles flexed underneath the glow of the candlelight.

Slowly, he walked toward her, his wide smile mocking and wicked. "Just one more thing."

As if her legs were suddenly filled with lead, Sofia held her ground and waited. Was he going to grab her? Slap her? Her heart thundered in her chest. Would he force himself on her?

When his hand reached out to touch her chin, she flinched. The last time a man had laid a hand on her, it had been the assassin. He had wanted to touch Sofia, the pure princess, before her blood ran cold. At least that was what he had said.

She'd stabbed him in the chest and not looked back as she'd run through the woods to the safety of the cottage where her Royal Guard had stood in wait.

"Help. I need your help."

"With... what?" Her words came out slow, full of dread as she looked at his flushed face.

"An injury, I cannot-" Ash stopped talking and shifted his feet as he cursed and looked at the ground. "Because of an injury I cannot reach- Never mind. Just leave me. Send one of your royal protectors. Send Pierce, for all I care. I just need-"

"I am able to help." Sofia swallowed her fear and took a step forward. "Just tell me what I need to do, and I will help."

Ash exhaled a curse. "I cannot get off my shirt without assistance. My right arm will not rise above eye-level, and it causes great pain to undress myself."

Sofia looked at his right arm. "It appears to be fine."

"Forget it." He pushed her toward the door.

"But-"

"Leave." His tone was deadly as he pulled open the door and shuffled her out. "Send in Pierce. Won't be the first time he's undressed me."

"But-"

"Good evening, Princess." With that, he slammed the door in her face. Cursing resounded from the inside of the room.

Sofia clenched her hands, allowing her nails to bite into her skin as she stared at the closed door. What the devil had just happened?

"You make him angry, love?" Pierce held a candle out in front of him as he made his way down the narrow hallway.

"He's..." She pointed at the door. "...rude and impossible, and apparently needs help undressing!"

"Ah," Pierce leaned against the wall. "And you were unable to aid him in his request?"

"I was about to, but then..."

"Do go on." Pierce smirked. "Then what, love? Did he try something with you? Better yet, did you try your feminine wiles on him?"

"No." Sofia glared. "I told him his arm looked fine, and then he yelled and slammed the door, all before I could get another word in."

The smile fell from Pierce's face as he eyed her coldly. "Have a good night, Your Highness."

"But-"

Suddenly Pierce was directly in front of her, the candlelight glowing against his angular face. "I said... goodnight."

"Goodnight," she responded quickly then nearly tripped on her skirts as she made her way down the hall to her bedroom.

After turning the corner, she stopped and listened.

Pierce knocked twice.

There was talking, and then a low voice said, "How bad?" just before the door was slammed again.

Whatever the situation, they could not harbor secrets against her, not when her life was in danger with every breath she took.

She would discover his secret. She would decide if he would be more hindrance than help, and, if that were true, then she would simply travel with her guard, alone, without the beautiful man who called himself Ash.

CHAPTER FIVE

I try to cover up the scars, but all it does is make it worse. It seems the longer I try to hide, the more everything threatens to come to the surface. If anyone ever finds these journals after my death, I hope the one lesson they learn is that the things you think you want, you don't. The things you don't want always happen and are always what is best for you, even if you don't know it until you breathe your last breath. Everything happens for a purpose. I just wish I wasn't damned to hell, so God could tell me mine. -The Grimm Reaper

THE FIRST GULP OF whiskey burned its way down, and Ash winced. He stared at the glass in his hand, contemplating a second soothing swallow, but set the glass on the side table instead. Whiskey had never helped before; certainly it wouldn't help now.

"You need a doctor." Pierce cursed as he examined the scars on Ash's back.

"I have you." Ash shrugged off his friend's serious tone. "Besides, what can a doctor do? I'm beyond helping."

Pierce placed a compress against Ash's right shoulder. "You have no way of knowing that."

"I'm dying."

"You are not dying." Pierce sounded disgusted.

"The last doctor said I was dying. Didn't you just say so yourself? Doctors have all the answers? Doctors help?"

Heaving a sigh of exasperation, Pierce went to the basin and washed the remnants of blood from his hands. "I'm ignoring your sarcasm just this once. The doctor you visited was more interested in coin than anything. I imagine, once we reach London, you may get a second opinion that has you living long enough to irritate everyone you come into contact with."

"And if the diagnosis is the same?" Ash swallowed. He did not fear death; after all, he was death's deliverer. A gun for hire. An assassin. No, he had already cheated death once. He knew he could not do it again, no matter what Pierce said.

Thankfully, Pierce said nothing; instead, he walked to the table and poured himself a healthy glass of whiskey. He threw back the contents and slammed the glass down with a resounding thunk. "Then I'll pray for your soul."

Ash smirked, knowing full well that Pierce believed just as he did, that one couldn't embark on the life both of them had led without having to justify their actions to the Almighty. And Ash knew there was no justification. No excuse that would save him from the fires of hell.

"We leave in the morning?" Pierce interrupted Ash's dark thoughts. He leaned against the wall, his head tilted to the side as if examining Ash and his mental state. Infuriating friend. He was always concerned Ash would somehow get so depressed that he'd turn his pistol on himself again.

"Yes. Now, go to sleep."

"If you promise me not to shoot yourself, I'll go to sleep."

Ash groaned into his hands. "The only man I intend on shooting is you. Now, go to bed."

With a grunt, Pierce pushed away from the wall and quit the room.

The silence was deafening.

Ash watched the flames lick into the air, felt the heat of the fire against his skin as he took a seat near the fireplace.

Months. He'd been told he had months before the pieces of metal reached his heart. Of course, the doctor had no way of knowing, not unless he operated. But what was the point? It wasn't as if he had anything to live for.

No. That had been taken from him a long time ago.

And it seemed that God was just cruel enough to save his life when he wanted more than anything to be dead. Yes. God was cruel, for Ash had been saved a quick death, and, in turn, given a slow one.

One that made him think back on every decision, every job, and every moment he'd pulled that trigger.

With a sigh, he pulled off his gloves and touched the skin just below his chin. A nervous habit - something he did when he needed to be reminded of why he was being punished.

A life for a life.

And he was still living.

Which meant it was only a matter of time before he breathed his last breath. Then, and only then, could he atone for his sins.

Then, and only then, would he find peace.

CHAPTER SIX

If I have to spend more than one more day with this woman, she will break everything I've worked hard to build. I lack the strength to admit my weakness aloud, but in my journal I can state the truth. She makes me want. And want is a very dangerous emotion indeed, because where there is want, there is desire; where there is desire, there is lust, and, God forbid, love. -The Grimm Reaper

WIDE-EYED AND UNABLE TO sleep, Sofia stared up at the ceiling of the small cottage. In just a few hours she would be on her way to London.

The start of a new life. She turned to her side, trying a different position to gain comfort. But the type of comfort she needed wasn't going to come easily by simply tossing and turning in bed. It was more than a new life or fresh start. It was life or death.

Her stomach rumbled as if to agree. She truly should have eaten more at dinner, but her blasted nerves were getting the best of her. Unable to do anything but attempt to stab Ash with a fork, she'd all but ignored her food.

"Well, this is just ridiculous," she mumbled aloud, throwing the covers off her body and grabbing a wrapper.

Sofia lit a candle and opened her door.

"Princess." Dunlin nodded. "Do you need aid?" Pistol raised, his eyes narrowed as he looked from right to left before elbowing her in the side. "Shh. I think I hear a noise."

"Breathing. I'm breathing."

"Well done, Princess. Stay alive, that's what I always say."

"Dunlin." Truly, he would try the patience of a saint. "I do not need aid, and the noise is my breathing. See?" She demonstrated inhaling and exhaling.

His eyes narrowed into tiny slits before he finally answered. "Must you do it so loudly?"

"Yes," she ground out.

"Carry on, then." He straightened to his height of six feet and stood near her door, on guard for would-be assassins and, apparently, anyone who breathed too loudly.

She rolled her eyes and continued down the hall, nearly bumping into Cornelius.

"Princess? Are you harmed?" He braced her shoulders with both hands and peered closely into her eyes.

"Cornelius!" Dunlin called out from behind her in what she assumed was his inside voice. All things considered, she'd be surprised if he didn't wake those in England. "The princess is fine. She is merely breathing!"

"Breathing," Cornelius repeated, his smile nearly taking over his entire face. "What a relief, and here I thought you were a ghost." With a sly smile, he let her pass and then whispered behind her, "Will you not take one of the guards with you on your walk about the cottage?"

Sofia paused and answered without turning around. "Afraid I'll fall into a crack in the floor, Cornelius?"

His silence was answer enough as she made her way into the kitchen.

Sometimes it was difficult to remember how much danger she was in, especially with seven of the most ridiculous types of men around her. Most of them were outcasts, just as she. All, at one point, had worked for the Crown before her stepmother had gone insane. And all were loyal to Sofia.

However, that did not mean she wasn't hanging on to her sanity by a thread.

"Princess?"

Groaning into her hands, she muffled out a, "Yes?"

"Cornelius sent me."

She peeked through her fingers to see Serafano standing near the door, pistol in hand, ready to shoot... what? She didn't know. Perhaps an escaped rat. Lucky bastard.

"Fine." She pointed to the seat.

Serafano yawned and sat.

With a wicked smile, she yawned along with him. "I am finally feeling sleepy. What about you?"

Serafano was the eldest of all the guard and known to fall asleep at the without warning. He raised his arms above his head and yawned along with her. "I could sleep."

"Warm milk?" She went to the stove and began heating up what was left of their milk.

"Oh, I shouldn't." Serafano rubbed his white beard in thought. "It is the last of our milk, purchased just this morning. Surely you need it more than I."

"We'll share." She fought to keep the patience in her voice.

"Right, well..." Serafano peeked behind his shoulder. "...just one taste then."

Minutes later, she was happily sipping her warm milk while Serafano was snoring on the table.

"I'm torn between applauding your brilliance and notifying your cousin of the lack of ability your guard brings to the table," came a male voice from behind her.

Startled, Sofia dropped the cup of warm milk. It hit the floor with a clatter and scattered sharp pieces of china across the hard stone. She took a step to clean it and yelped in pain as something sliced through her bare foot.

"Stay still," Ash said in a commanding voice. With ease, he walked across the glass and knelt before her. He pulled her foot onto his knee.

She tried to jerk away but he held her firm.

"If you wish to fall on your bum, by all means, keep pulling. It will only mean I'll have to pull porcelain from your backside. Your choice."

She stilled.

"Good girl."

After nineteen years of being a princess and training under only the best instructors, and she was ready to throw everything she had ever learned out of the window and smack the man across his chiseled jaw.

"It's deep." His brows furrowed for a second, and then his mouth was on her foot.

Sofia gasped and gripped the table behind her as Ash's hot mouth worked over the flesh of her foot.

"I do not think that-"

He interrupted her by putting his finger up. Had he just silenced her with his hand?

Crossing her arms, she fought with desperation to keep the tingling sensation his tongue was bringing in the lower part of her body. It was irritation. Nothing more.

And then he sucked.

Her hands slipped on the table just slightly as she exhaled a breath and focused on the pain, rather than the man relieving her of it.

She clenched her eyes shut, but when he sucked a second time, she cursed him fluently in her mind and then watched his bent head.

Too angry to truly look at the man earlier in the evening, and embarrassed that she'd been looking in the first place, she hadn't a chance to admire him fully. Until now.

His dark hair was cut quite short, shorter than what was fashionable. A small black marking was visible behind his ear. His skin was dark, but every inch of him was covered in muscle, even his tongue.

Not that she was paying attention to his tongue.

He sucked again.

She whimpered.

"Sorry, Princess," Ash's lips mumbled against her foot. "Almost finished."

Did he have to be?

Where had that errant thought come from?

Sofia, he is merely a hired man!

Not even a titled gentleman or anyone of importance! If anyone found out she was alone with her guard, she would be ruined, let alone that she had allowed a strange man to suck glass from her foot.

"Done." He gently pulled away and gazed up at her, slowly placing the shard of glass onto the table.

Sucking in a breath, she stared right back. His eyes were a deep green, with yellow outlining his pupils. They hypnotized her in a way that made her stomach clench.

Or maybe she was still hungry.

Yes, that was it.

"My thanks," she said, forcing her most detached voice.

With a smile, he rose to his full height and then gave her a mocking bow. "My pleasure, Princess."

"Do not call me that," she snapped, irritated that he'd brought out foreign feelings and thoughts she had no right to have about a man who was merely a messenger, a bridge to her new life in London.

Ash leaned in, placing his hands on either side of the table so her body was trapped by his. "And what, pray tell, would you like me to call you, Princess? Is that not your name?"

Her eyes fell to his full lips. On instinct, she licked hers and answered in a whisper, "Sofia, my name is... Sofia."

His lips pulled tight over straight, white teeth as his blinding smile made itself known. Good heavens! No man should be that attractive.

"Sorry, Princess. But I cannot find the heart to call you by your Christian name when our acquaintance will be so short. Besides, I have it on good authority your cousin would rip my throat directly from my body should I disrespect you in such a manner."

Irritated and perhaps a bit rejected, Sofia lifted her eyes to his. "I take it he won't like the fact that your desire was for me to aid you in your bathing."

His eyes went cold. The yellow around his pupils all but disappeared as he leaned in, his breathing ragged. "I would like your aid in all sorts of things, Princess. That doesn't mean you have to give it."

"Then don't ask."

"Don't tempt me to," he countered. His eyes had gone nearly black.

Ash gripped the table so hard he was certain it was going to snap in two. The woman had no sense whatsoever! The ton was going to eat her alive. He had to warn Maskylov, after all. Ash could wash his hands of the princess once he'd delivered her.

If he made it that far.

He heard a noise in the kitchen and had half-a-mind to throw the girl over his shoulder when he noticed her state of undress. Had she no care for the seven men guarding her? Or the other two strangers roaming through the small cottage?

And then she'd drugged him.

Literally.

Had given the old man some warm milk and sung him a lullaby. The very devil possessed that woman. What? Was her plan to sweet-talk every single man under her employ?

Not him.

Never him.

He would deliver her if it was the last thing he did. He owed his brother, Hunter, Duke of Haverstone, that much. Guilt nestled comfortably onto his shoulders. As long as he felt the guilt, he would not get sidetracked with a beautiful princess who walked around barefoot and sang to her protectors.

"I tempt you?" she answered back, snapping him out of his fury.

How to answer?

She leaned forward.

Her second lesson of the night would soon be learned. "It appears I am going to have to do some teaching as well as delivering."

"Teaching?" she repeated. "What could you possibly teach me?"

Ash licked his lips and smiled, as the princess's gaze went exactly where he had commanded it to: his mouth.

"Princess."

"Yes?" She sighed.

"I am going to teach you how to fight off a man's advances."

"A man's advances-"

His mouth claimed hers before his brain registered that it was most likely the worst idea he'd ever had in his lifetime. Kissing someone who did not belong to him. Apparently, he had made a terrible habit of doing that in his existence. Wanting what was not his.

Her mouth opened in shock. Ash lifted her onto the table so he could step between her legs. His lips slid across hers. She did not fight him. Why was she not fighting him?

Searing pain hit him in the hand before he had time to react.

He jerked back to see a fork poking into his skin.

"Clever. Tell me, have you had that this whole time?" Blood trickled down from the holes she had created. He eyed it appraisingly. "Well done."

"You, you, you..."

"Spit it out." He grinned, pulling the fork from his hand and tossing it onto the wooden table.

"Rogue!"

He winced and laughed; really, he could not help himself.

Her chest heaved with the exertion of their kiss.

"You wound me."

She glared.

He winced and pointed to his hand. "Both emotionally and physically, I assure you."

"I hate you."

Tempting fate, he cornered her against the table again. "I don't care."

"You're just a - a horrible man! How dare you touch me! I'm-"

"A princess," he finished for her. "I think that has been established. You're also one of the most naive women I've ever had the grand misfortune of meeting. If you think, for one second, I kissed you because I desire you..." He shrugged. "...then you have made a grievous error." Lies, all lies. "I said I meant to teach you a lesson. Never allow a man to get close to you without having a way to escape. But, more importantly, when you are gallivanting around London, have a care for your reputation."

"But-"

"I am not finished," he ground out, holding his fingers to her lush lips. "Men will want you for your money. They will desire you for your body. They will fight over you. They will dedicate poetry to you. And it will all seem wonderful, like a dream, I am sure of it. But if you allow any of those men alone with you, you will find ruin. You will bring shame upon your family. And you will be labeled a princess no more. You will be nothing more than a whore." He stepped back.

Sofia's face went pale.

"Off to bed, Princess. I tire of these childish games. And have a care to next time finish the food on your plate. If I discover you making a habit of walking around in nothing except an easily-seen-through night rail, tempting any male that breathes, I'll toss you over my knee without a second thought."

Sofia stood to her full height. "Do not scold me as you would a child."

"Don't ask for it, and I won't."

"Goodnight." She pushed past him, walked around the glass, and out the door.

It was only when he knew she was truly gone that he sank into the seat and threw the fork across the room.

Lust pounded so wildly through his body he was having a hard time seeing straight. He hadn't shared a kiss with a woman since Lucy's death. Guilt had plagued him any time a woman had even gotten close. So he'd vowed to keep himself away from sins of the carnal flesh until they had all been atoned.

But that was the rub.

His sins would not be atoned until his death.

Which meant he was going to lose his blasted mind if he had to be around the princess any longer than necessary.

Five seconds.

He had been exactly five seconds away from tossing her against the wall and taking her.

Five seconds, and everything he'd worked for, for the past nine years, would have been gone. And all because he was having a difficult time controlling his lust for a spoiled princess who did not have enough common sense to wear shoes!

He slammed his fist against the table.

The old man awoke with a snort and fell backward out of his chair. "Where is the princess?"

"Hell. I'm in hell," Ash muttered, covering his face with his hands.

"Shell? She's in a shell! What the devil was she doing with a shell?" The old man seemed truly unhinged.

"Well..." Ash sighed. "...the princess is well and on her way to her room as we speak."

"Oh." The man scratched his head. "I could have sworn you said shell, and then I was confused because you know how the North Sea is a good walk from here and-"

Ash held up his hand, immediately stopping the man from continuing what was sure to be a painfully long dissertation on shells. "That will be all."

"Oh." The man looked down. "Right. I should probably check on the princess."

"Do that." Yes. Plague her. By all means.

The man scurried out of his chair and walked briskly out the door, nearly running into it. Perhaps he was sleep-talking? Would explain why he felt the need to drive Ash mad.

Groaning into his hands, he swore fluently as the room stilled around him. All he could hear was the gargantuan effort it took for his lungs to take in air while he sat in that crowded kitchen.

Breathing in and out should not be so difficult. But it was the only thing he could concentrate on - especially considering the air was still permeated with her.

Leaning back in the chair, Ash closed his eyes and concentrated. He counted to twenty in French, recited a monk's prayer, and then, when he felt fully able to face the darkened evening again, he rose and made a vow - never to allow himself to be alone with the girl again.

Lest she lose her purity.

And he his soul.

CHAPTER SEVEN

Does it not say somewhere that if your eyes are causing you to sin, it would be better for you to pluck them from your head? What if it is not your eyes, but your hands, your feet, your entire body? Should I then finish what I started long ago? -The Grimm Reaper

BLASTED HERO WORSHIP.

Sofia should have nipped that in the bud the very second Ash and Pierce had opened their mouths. Silver-tongued stories of escapades and rescuing fair damsels nearly dripped from their mouths as they loaded the rest of her trunks onto the waiting carriage.

Pierce thrust a fake sword into the air. "And then Ash cried, 'I will seek my revenge in this life or the next!'"

Wasn't that from a play?

"What did he do?" Dunlan had gone pale as he dropped the trunk onto the ground and sat on it.

Lovely.

"Yes, tell us!" Cornelius commanded, joining Dunlan on the trunk and leaning forward.

"He jumped off his horse. It was as if he was trying to break his neck!"

Cornelius gasped and grabbed Dunlan. "Did he hurt himself?"

"No." Pierce nodded leaning toward his captive audience. "'Twas as if he had wings like a bird or an angel. He near flew off into the air with a war cry of triumph."

The rest of the guard, ones who were actually doing their jobs, stopped immediately and hovered around Pierce.

"Did he slice his throat?" Serafano.

"Gut him from head to toe?" Gerald.

"Cut off his head!" David.

"Bash him in with a rock!" Samson.

Sofia snorted and wondered briefly if they would have even protected her from Pierce and Ash had they been assassins bent on killing her.

"No." Pierce shook his head, and grief replaced the joy once on his face. "His sword fell from his hand as he tackled the man to the ground. They scurried, each of them trying his best to retrieve the lost weapon and end the bloody mess."

Sofia tried not to listen, she really did, but she found herself pausing as she waited for the rest of the story.

"The traitor grabbed the sword before Ash had a chance."

"No!" Dunlan wailed. Good heavens, was he weeping?

Cornelius patted him soothingly on the back.

"Yes." Pierce nodded. "He stabbed Ash thrice in the back, just here and here and... here." Pierce pointed to areas on David's back and sighed. "We thought him dead."

"Good story?" a voice whispered behind her.

Jumping out of her skin, Sofia gasped and then slapped Ash across the shoulder. "I was merely..."

"Listening," he supplied with a grin. "You were listening. Tell me, do stories of my escapades endear me to you? The wounded hero left for dead, closed out to the world, only to find that true love was the answer all along?" He chuckled.

Glaring, she turned away from him and waited for the rest of the story.

"I survived." Ash pushed past her. "You can tell stories later, Pierce. The hour grows late."

Eyes alight with mischief, Pierce gave a sarcastic bow. "To be continued."

Groaning rose from around the circle before the men scattered. They jumped on their horses and readied themselves for the journey ahead.

"I cannot ride with the princess," Pierce announced suddenly. "It seems that riding in carriages does not agree with me." He looked blandly at Ash and then at Sofia. His skin was pale, his eyes sunken in.

"Will you be alright to travel?" Sofia put her hand on his shoulder. It was bad enough that she had seven guards who were at this very moment weeping over a ridiculous story!

"If the good Lord allows it." He looked down at his feet. His shoulders heaved.

Next to him, Ash snorted. "Terrible time for you to suddenly develop such an... ailment, wouldn't you say?"

"Ash!" Sofia scolded. "Be reasonable. Look at the man. Anyone can see he's clearly ill!"

"All that lavish storytelling make you sick, hmm?" Ash glared.

"You will ride with me," Sofia commanded.

Ash sputtered, "Pardon?"

"I did not stutter."

"I know. I am just hoping my ears deceived me."

"They didn't." Pierce smiled and then, as if remembering he did not feel well, held his stomach and stumbled away.

Sofia squinted after him and then shrugged.

"I cannot-" Ash touched her arm.

The minute his gloveless hand touched her skin she felt singed, burned.

"You must."

His eyes flared for a brief moment before he looked down. "I have a horse."

"Good for you." She flashed him a grin. ""I have a horse as well. His name is Apple, and I'm quite certain he can walk on his own while I ride in the carriage. As will yours."

"But-"

"Tell me..." Sofia fought to keep her temper in check. "...do you work for my cousin?"

"Yes."

"And has he hired you to look after me? To obey me? Deliver me safely?"

Ash's jaw flexed. "Yes."

"Then I order you to sit in the carriage with me and be my protector. If the task is too difficult for a man who just months ago went flying off his horse, dagger raised, then go along and tell one of the guard you are too much of a coward to be alone with a woman."

Curses exploded out of his mouth as Ash pulled her flush against his body, his grip on her arm tightening to a near pain. "I do not fear being alone with a woman."

"Could have fooled me."

"Impossible chit." He swore and then released her. "You are asking for trouble, mark my words." With that, he marched off, swearing a blue streak through the peaceful Scotland air.

CHAPTER EIGHT

Sometimes we hide from the world because we are afraid of what it will reveal to us if we were to truly open our eyes and accept its honesty. I'd rather live in ignorance than face the ugly truth of my existence. -The Grimm Reaper

AN HOUR INTO THEIR journey, and Ash was truly wishing God would have allowed him to breathe his last breath.

As it was, he was already painfully uncomfortable after watching Sofia sleep.

Yes. He was aroused by her sleeping.

Good God he was going mad!

He clenched his teeth and looked out the window. Perhaps he could simply break the glass. Air, he needed air.

A sigh escaped her lips.

Ash told his eyes to stay put. But blast if they didn't glance at Sofia and remain there.

His chest heaved as he watched each little sigh escape her lips, and, with each sigh, his body grew tighter, and he became more and more uncomfortable. Her pale skin was flawless. Rosebud lips pressed together and then relaxed. He found himself unable to look away from her small form as she tried to lie across the seat.

One touch.

What would it hurt?

A battle ensued in his mind. One where he told the beast within to stay put - that nothing good would come of touching her, of wanting her.

The carriage jolted. Sofia's eyes flashed open, yet he did not, could not look away. No, he stared, like a ravenous wolf ready to pounce on its next meal.

She stared right back.

They sat in silence.

Finally, he closed his eyes, and greedily inhaled her scent. So often he used his nose as a way to hunt those that needed killing. His finely tuned instincts were exactly that, sharpened so he could be painless about finding traitors and killing them.

But now. It was all wrong. For his sensitivity was working against him. The air twitched with her slight breathing; he felt the heat radiate from her body. Want, she smelled of want. Curse him for desiring the very same thing.

Palms sweating, he kept his eyes closed.

That was, until a soft hand touched his face.

Praying for strength, he opened his eyes, only to see Sofia squinting at his neck. He knew what she was seeing: the scar beneath his chin that ran down his neck and beneath his cravat. Her hand reached out, perhaps to trace it. Ash's skin tingled with awareness at her blatant stare. Nobody had dared touch him for ten years-a man could forget what it was like to have a female caress his face as if it wasn't ugly, as if he wasn't tainted and scarred. Flushing with irritation, he leaned back, away from her, away from the sirens call she had no idea she was giving.

He grasped her wrist and thrust her back into her seat. "It is rude to stare."

She snorted. "Hello, kettle. My name's black. Pleased to meet you."

"Chit."

"Grumpy old fool."

"Old?" Ash shook his head.

"Don't forget grumpy."

He hadn't, but he'd be lying if he said he wasn't still stuck on the reference of aging. "I am not old."

"Being old isn't so bad. It is probably why Pierce tells stories of your escapades. It is common when men have... peaked."

"Peaked?" A wry chuckle slipped out. "My dear, you have not even begun to see me peak."

She blushed red and looked away.

"Would you like to?"

"How old are you?" she asked, changing the subject.

"Old enough to know how to peak."

"I worry we have different definitions for that word." She narrowed her eyes and stared at him pointedly.

"Allow me to demonstrate," he teased with a wink.

"I'd rather you stay where you are."

He shrugged. "Your loss." And perhaps mine as well.

At that she snorted.

Momentary silence fell between them and then, "I believe you to be in your late thirties. Am I correct?"

Offended, Ash opened his mouth to respond but then snapped it shut. "Whatever caused you to guess that particular age?"

Sofia licked those beautiful plump lips and leaned forward. Curses, but her smell was intoxicating.

"Your eyes."

He drew up sharply, "My eyes?" He'd always known he and his brother had peculiar eyes, like that of a wolf or hunter, but none had ever said it made him look elderly. Every bone in his body screamed in outrage! He was a man in his prime! "Whatever is wrong with my eyes, Princess?"

"They are old."

"Eyes cannot be old," he scoffed. "They are mere objects of a person."

Sofia leveled him with a stare that left him breathless and a bit uncomfortable, leaning forward so her dress strained against her breasts she whispered, "Your eyes are angry and sad. Perhaps it is not your body that is old, but your soul. You seem... tired."

He used a laugh to push away the truth of her statement. The truth that pierced his very body and went straight into his soul, causing his dead heart to thump wildly in his chest. "I am eight and twenty. And I am anything but tired. Again, allow me to demonstrate."

"Empty threats." She waved him off. "If I was fearful of you demonstrating anything, I would not have invited you to ride with me."

"Ordered." Raising one eyebrow, he inclined his head and challenged her. "You ordered me."

"I like to think of it as an invitation." The smile she flashed had the capacity to both blind and stupefy.

"Minx."

Her smile glowed even more brilliantly for a second before she leaned back in her seat, thank God, and looked out the window. "I miss home."

He thanked the Almighty again for the subject change and relaxed as much as was physically possible, being celibate and riding in a carriage alone with the most beautiful woman he'd ever encountered. "I'm sure, once you find a husband, you may return."

"No." She shook her head and swallowed, tears pooled behind her crystal eyes. "I will not."

"Why?"

She took her lower lip hostage, chewing on it for a minute before answering, "I wish to live."

"And if you return home, what? You die?"

"Murdered," she whispered hoarsely. "I will be murdered. Oh, look! The North Sea!"

But Ash wasn't looking at the sea. He was looking at the woman he'd just rescued and wondering what in the blazes Maskylov had failed to tell him about his cousin.

CHAPTER NINE

I cannot breathe when she is near. When I inhale, my body is permeated with her goodness. When I exhale, it is as if her scent steals all my reasons for being who I am - directly from my soul. I do not want to be fixed, but blast if the little minx isn't trying. -The Grimm Reaper

WELL. THAT COULD HAVE gone better. Silence enveloped the carriage as it jolted this way and that.

Ash, with his calculating eyes, had quieted immediately with her confession. She cleared her throat and tried to discuss the North Sea again, but Ash had put up his hand, as if that would cause her to cease talking.

Well, it had worked. She huffed out a frustrated breath. Why the devil was he always silencing her?

"Are you telling me that those misfits traveling with us are trying to keep you from being murdered?" Each word he said made her feel like a child being scolded.

Sofia thrust her chin into the air. "But, of course. They are my Royal Guard."

"Royal Guard, my a-" Ash coughed. "They would find the task of killing a flea difficult, let alone protecting a person."

"They are trained in the art of-"

"Foolishness," he finished. "Yes I'm quite aware of that. Half of them are young enough to have been sired by yours truly, and wipe that ridiculous smirk off your face before I give you a better reason." He cleared his throat. "The other half are as dumb as Pierce, which is saying quite a lot."

Yes, it does. About Pierce... She raised an eyebrow but kept silent.

"And the last one is so old he fell asleep talking to me this morning! I had to push him awake, and even then it took him at least ten minutes to remember who I was and why I had woken him up."

"But-"

"No," Ash growled. "How in blazes did you make it this far? Devil take me, I've just helped a runaway princess flee the country."

"To be fair, I fled all on my own. You are merely delivering me to London."

"To be fair..." He copied her sentiment, his words dripping with sarcasm. "...you should be dead by now."

"The queen doesn't..."Fear paralyzed her until she felt she could not breathe. "She is not aware of my escape yet, at least, I hope she is unaware."

Ash sighed. "And when she discovers you've left?"

"I'll be married."

"Brilliant plan. You better hope it takes only a month to find your suitor, lest she come chasing after you. Until you are married, you are her property."

"I am nobody's property," she all but yelled, clenching her hands into tiny fists. Breath whooshed out of her lungs as she leveled her gaze. "I will never be owned."

"My dear, what the devil do you think holy matrimony is? A partnership? A fun little game? Mark my words, you will be owned, perhaps you should pray it will be by someone who doesn't beat you."

"It would not be the first time," she whispered, willing the tears to stay put in her eyes where they belonged.

In an instant she felt a warm hand cup her chin, lifting it into the air as if he somehow needed to examine her. "Who would mar such perfection?"

She shook her head. "It does not matter."

"Who?" he demanded, clenching her chin tighter. "Tell me now or, by God, I'll discover it myself, if I have to kill every one of your royal protectors."

"M-my stepmother... Ash you're scaring me."

His eyes were distant, and then the warmth returned to them. He released his grip on her chin and swore under his breath. "Apologies. I cannot..." He laughed bitterly. "...I cannot fathom it. That is the cruel joke that is my life. I am a hired hunter, a hired killer, yet I cannot, for one second, fathom someone laying a hand on you. It makes me-"

"What?" She breathed.

"-feel," he snapped. "It makes me feel. A useless little emotion in my business."

"Assassin." Saying the word aloud made it feel more real. Her cousin had sent an assassin to rescue her? Was he mad?

"Shall I kill her for you, Princess?" Ash asked softly. "Say the word, and it is done."

"Wh-what?" He could not be serious!

"I will make it painless, unless you'd rather I make it agonizingly slow. I will do whatever you order. All you need do is ask, and I will not hesitate to end her life."

Stunned, Sofia's mouth dropped open as she watched Ash close his eyes and relax against the seat. Though he was anything but relaxed - every visible muscle was flexed against his skin, as if one touch and he would explode.

With a shuddering breath, she blinked back a few ridiculous tears and muttered, "Thank you."

Without opening his eyes, Ash responded, "For you. Anything for you, Princess. You may irritate me to no end, I may threaten and bark and bite, but I will protect you till my death. I will avenge your honor, and I will keep you white as snow."

"White as snow?"

"Pure." His voice was hoarse. "By God, you'll be pure, and not just from any man that lays his hands on you, but from the ugliness of the world. I failed once in protecting someone from the darkness. I haven't failed since. I will not fail with you."

The rest of the carriage ride was met with such a tense silence that Sofia found herself so eager to exit the carriage she was tempted to jump from it. At long last, they reached the first and only coaching inn where they would be staying for the evening.

"Put this on." Ash handed her a dark widow's mask used for mourning.

"Are you intent on killing someone, then?" She tried to tease, but his scowl deepened.

"I mean to protect you from gossip. You are traveling with nine men, Princess. The ton may forgive many things. They may even look the other way when married women stray from their men, but traveling with nine of them? Alone? Without a maid? You may as well wear a sign that says Russian Whore."

Sofia managed not to gasp at his rash words and jerked the mask from his hands and nodded. "Very well."

"Thought you'd agree."

She placed her hand on his arm. "Who died?"

His face went pale; he opened his mouth to speak, but nothing escaped but a slight crack of his voice.

"I m-mean, who shall I say died? A husband?"

Color returned to his face; again his eyes were lit with yellow. "A brother. And I am your husband."

In a moment of panic, she asked, "Why can't Pierce be my husband? Or Cornelius?"

"Oh, that's simple." He turned his back to her and walked off. "I am much better looking."

"Arrogant wretch"

His chuckle warmed her body. Stupid man. Why did he have to be so difficult? And attractive. Heavens, but he was correct about that. Never had she seen a man whose smile melted her insides so completely she swayed on her own two feet.

Ridiculous! It was merely because she was frightened and had been confined to a small carriage with nothing else to do except feign sleep and pretend not to stare at the Adonis.

She looked down at the mask and covering and carefully placed it over her head before following the rest of the men.

Pierce leaned against the door to the inn and gave her an approving grin. "I'm surprised he lasted so long in that carriage with you. Tell me, Princess, did you pull a knife on him?"

"Not yet."

"I'll just have to keep hoping, then," Pierce said wistfully. "Now off you go. By now, the inn will know of our arrival. I am to see to the horses."

"And what am I to see to?"

Pierce grinned wolfishly. "Why, your husband, of course."

Sofia was suddenly sorry she'd asked. Pierce walked away without giving her a chance to defend herself. A very strong urge rose to throw a rock at his back, but he would merely laugh all the more.

"Prin-"

Ash smacked Cornelius on the back of the head and scowled. Cornelius fell forward. "Sorry, I mean Snow."

"Snow?" Oh, this should be good. Sofia waited while Cornelius's chest pumped up, making him look absolutely ridiculous standing next to Ash.

"I came up with it." He looked around as if he was waiting for applause. The rest of the guards grinned and nodded their heads in approval.

"Did you now?" Her patience was quickly dwindling. Was it so much to ask for a hot meal and bath?

"Yes." Cornelius confirmed. "You see, your skin is white, and Ash mentioned something to us about you being pure so we cannot touch you-"

Ash groaned behind him.

"So I thought, well, why don't we call her Snow instead of Princ-"

Ash smacked him again.

"Ouch." Cornelius rubbed his arm. "Well, instead of the other name, you know, in order to hide you from the witch."

He must have been done. For he stood there, arms crossed, chin thrust out, waiting.

"Er," Sofia cleared her throat. "Well done. All of you, I am so very proud to have you with me. Protecting me."

Over Cornelius's shoulder, she caught sight of Ash as he rolled his eyes.

"Ale for everyone!" Pierce shouted upon entering the small room where they were standing. Luckily, the room was occupied by only two guests sitting in the far corner, out of earshot, and no innkeepers in sight.

What kind of establishment was this?

"Ale! Ale!" the men shouted, following Pierce around like long-lost puppies.

Abandoned, Sofia joined Ash just as the innkeeper came around the corner and handed him a key.

"Everything is ready?"

"It is." The innkeeper smiled. "And what a pleasure, my lord, to see you after all these weeks."

Sofia's eyes near fell out of her head as she eavesdropped.

"Do say hello to His Grace upon your return to London?"

"I will do that." Ash smiled warmly at the man and patted him on the shoulder.

Clearly, Sofia had no control over her body whatsoever, for she was so completely dumbstruck by the beauty of Ash's smile that she gasped aloud.

Merciful heavens.

His head turned just enough to see her out of the corner of his eye.

"Spying, my love?"

"Love?"

"Is this she?" The innkeeper clapped his hands in glee. "Oh, the honor is all mine, Princess."

"But..."

She looked between both men in complete confusion. Ash was still grinning, and the man- Wait. The man wasn't old as she had at first thought.

He wore a wig, spectacles, and a burly tunic, but his smile. Dear Lord, his smile was perfect, and young, and...

"It is almost as if I can hear the wheels turning in her head. Remarkable." The innkeeper grinned.

"You are not an innkeeper."

Disregarding her outburst, the innkeeper continued to address Ash. "She's a bright one. I'd keep her."

"Alas..." Ash said, curving his lips into a droll smile. "...she is not mine to keep."

"Hmmph. When has that ever stopped a man, eh?"

Sofia planted herself between Ash and the innkeeper and placed her hands on her hips. "Who are you?"

"Merely a friend of a friend, who happens to work for the Crown when his ridiculous brother-in-law is unable to do so."

"A friend of a friend of a ridiculous brother-in-law," Sofia said dryly.

"Right." With a wink, he tipped his head in a mock bow. "Well, it is getting late, and I did promise to return sooner, but I guess Her Grace will just have to wait."

"Her Grace?" Sofia near shouted.

"My thanks. Will you be traveling with us on the morrow?" Ash asked, completely ignoring her meltdown.

"But of course, and you can rest easy. The place is not only heavily armed, but guarded. I had such fun playing the innkeeper all day I think I shall take Hunter up on his offer more often!"

"Anything to keep you from pointing your pistol at his head on a regular basis." He laughed.

"Well, I will not see him when we are in London. We are returning to the country. I am merely fetching Her Grace so we are able to spend a lovely Season away from the ton."

Ash smiled as the innkeeper turned to Sofia. "And you, my dear, you will be very safe on this night."

"I know," she said in a small fear-ridden voice as she noticed the height of the man. Had he been sitting before? He was a relative giant! And Ash wasn't short, by any means! The man had to be some sort of barbarian!

"Montmouth." Ash nodded in his direction. "Thank you."

"My pleasure." He quit the room only to return with enough ale to get the entirety of Scotland foxed.

"Shall we?" Ash led her through the haze of alcohol to the stairs.

CHAPTER TEN

Emotions: silly little things that get in the way of truth and reality. If I were but a stone with no heart, I would be grateful. Instead, I find myself realizing more and more that the cruel joke of living is not in accomplishments or success; it is in the devastating reality that you have no control over anything, especially your heart. -The Grimm Reaper

TOO SMALL. THE ROOM was too small. Clearly Montmouth had been foxed and had handed him the wrong key. After all, he had specifically told the fool that they were to have enough blankets and pillows for two beds.

Not one.

Yet one bed - if one could call that imposter a bed - was nestled comfortably against the wall.

No chair for him to sleep in.

And no screen for the chamber pot.

No privacy.

It was as if even Montmouth was out to drive him mad. Had Hunter not told anyone of Ash's vow of celibacy? Was he trying to kill him?

At his side, Sofia tensed. "Where am I to change?"

Good question. "I will leave the room, giving you adequate time to change and... and..." He rolled his eyes. "...take care of... your needs." Brilliantly done.

"Very well." Her voice was small as she took a step in front of him and removed her widow's veil. "Why did I need such a drastic disguise?" She fingered the veil before tossing it to the bed.

"Guests. We may control the inn, but we have no control over who stops here for respite." A wave of thankfulness for the subject change washed over Ash. He was sweating enough as it was.

"If it is all right with you, I think I'll change."

He nodded.

"Ash?"

So close to the door he could feel it.

"Yes, Princess?" Even to his own ears, his answer sounded gruff and unfeeling.

"Would it be too much to ask for a small meal and wine?"

Shoulders sagging in relief, he nodded once. "I'll see to it."

"Thank you." The words, so simple and sweet, absolutely unarmed him. Using all the strength he possessed, he quit the room before he thanked her back in a way he wasn't entirely sure she would welcome.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

I fear that visions of her creamy white skin and pink lips will haunt me throughout eternity. They will follow me into the depths of hell. Yet when I think upon those things, at least in that moment, I will find peace in the depths of my damned future. -The Grimm Reaper

SOFIA HAD BEEN DRESSING herself for the entire trip, but that didn't make the task any less tedious. After all, she was a princess. There was a certain protocol for the way she dressed each day, whether she was in hiding or not.

She was able to pull the dress from her body and moved on to her corset. It was her least favorite part about being a princess, the inability to take a deep breath. Upon her father's marriage to her stepmother, Sofia had found all of the corsets she'd normally worn thrown out; in return, she'd been provided with whalebone corsets that bruised her sensitive skin.

Her stepmother was convinced that Sofia was not thin enough. She also had the ridiculous notion that whalebone corsets corrected poor posture - another ailment Sofia apparently suffered from.

With a grunt, Sofia reached behind her to untangle the strings.

Her fingers fumbled with the knots for several minutes. Arms aching, she rested for a minute then began anew.

"Blast." She sat on the bed in defeat, just as a knock came on the door and it swung open.

"Son of a-"Ash stopped himself from finishing the sentence and slammed the door closed behind him. "Mind explaining to me why you're naked?"

Sofia rolled her eyes. "I am not naked." Though the way Ash's eyes raked over her, she might as well be. His breathing sped up as his eyes fell to her chest.

She moved to cover her breasts as best she could, but it was impossible, for the corset caused them to be hard to miss. He'd have to be blind. And clearly, the way he was looking at her, blindness wasn't something he suffered from.

Swallowing, Ash finally looked away and cursed again. "Why are you not behind the screen making use of the fresh water?"

Perhaps it was the stress of the day, but laughter bubbled up from somewhere deep within Sofia. She wiped a tear of amusement from her eyes. "I am stuck."

"Stuck?" Ash repeated.

"I'm afraid so."

"Well..." He waved into the air. "...un-stick yourself."

Heat flooded Sofia's face. "I-"

Ash's eyes widened. "What I meant... that is, I mean... Blasted son of a bloody wh-"

"Help?" Sofia interrupted him. "I promise it won't take long."

"Ah, right, music to every gentleman's ears when he sees a half-naked woman lying on a bed."

"Pardon?" Sofia asked, confused.

Ash swore again, muttering something about monks and prayers, and walked toward her. He pulled Sofia to her feet and turned her to face the bedpost. "Hold on while I try to figure out this knot."

Bloody hell, damnation, curses, and death- God must despise him. Ash's hands shook as he tried to pull at the knots in her corset strings.

He'd never seen a woman so beautiful.

Ever.

Her figure was small but curvy. He had but to move his hands a few inches, and he would be bracing her hips in front of him. She had but to lean forward another few inches, and he could toss the rest of her skirts and take her.

Sweat pooled in his palms as he continued to fumble with the strings of her corset. It seemed the world was working against him, for every time his knuckles accidently grazed her skin, lust shot through every part of his body.

A knot.

He was a man.

And it was mere knot.

Ridiculous.

God save him from such a day when knots are the downfall of a trained assassin.

Sofia let out a soft exhale.

Ash tugged a bit harder, another exhale, and then another tug. It would have been comical had it not been so damn painful to be so near to perfection, yet unable to do anything but look and not touch. Then again, he was touching...

"Are you having difficulty?" Sofia asked softly.

"What the devil did you do to this corset?" Ash tugged on the knot and was finally able to loosen the mangled mess, only to be presented with another knot, this one tighter. Ah, so God did hate him. Lovely.

"I could always ask one of my guards or Pierce if-"

"The hell you will!" Ash growled. "Now hold still." Being a man, he hadn't thought of the ramifications of his actions. Well, suffice to say, thinking wasn't really a strong suit for him at the moment. Cursing, he pulled his knife from his boot then sliced the strings with fervor, causing the corset to fall to the floor.

Because Sofia hadn't been holding it up.

Because he was an idiot and hadn't warned her.

And now, he wasn't just an idiot, but an aroused one who had suddenly developed the inability to speak in complete sentences.

So beautiful. Frail. Damn, the woman needed to eat more. She was all curves and ivory skin.

"Do you mind!" Sofia scrambled away and grabbed a blanket from the bed.

Ash said nothing. Merely drank in his fill of her form, the form he could still see behind the threadbare blanket.

"Well?" Sofia sputtered.

"Apologies." Ash found his voice. "I was under the impression it was a rhetorical question." Smiling, he took two steps back, away from the most tempting woman he'd ever had the misfortune of meeting, and headed toward the door. "I'll just give you a minute."

"Thank you." Sofia cleared her throat. "I'll just- Blast!"

Ash turned on his heel just in time for Sofia to run into his arms and wrap her legs around his waist.

"Kill it!"

Kill me. Please. Just like this. "What the devil?"

"Rat!"

"For heaven's sake," Ash grumbled, his voice gruff as he tried to pry Sofia away from his body. If she stayed plastered against him any longer, it wouldn't be rats causing her to scream. That much was certain.

Sofia refused to budge. If anything, her legs tightened around him, her arms snaked around his neck, giving him a whiff of her lavender perfume. Good God, he was going to have to drown himself in whiskey to exorcise the feel of her legs around him and the scent associated with it.

"Princess," Ash said through clenched teeth. "I cannot kill the monster underneath your bed if you do not remove your person from mine!"

"Hate them." Sofia shivered. "I hate them."

"Don't all women?" Ash tried to keep his voice hard, lest she realize that she had an effect on him. "Now, kindly remove yourself."

Sofia shook her head. The smell of lavender again paralyzed all good intentions.

And then he felt something wet hit his neck.

Curious, he pried her arms back and looked directly into those violet eyes to see them glassy with tears.

"Are you crying because of the rat? Truly? Are you that terrified?"

Sofia opened her mouth as if to speak, but all that came out was a croak.

He wanted her desperately.

Obsessively.

And he was beyond angry that he felt that way - that all she needed to do was to stare at him, and everything he'd built for ten years was suddenly on the chopping block. With a curse, Ash peeled her from his body and spat, "Can't say I'm surprised. You're a princess. I doubt you've ever even seen a rat up close, let alone poverty or dirt. Tell me, do you want me to act the lady's maid too? Shall I fluff your pillow after I dispose of the rat? Perhaps you'd like me to stoke the fire? Bring you warm chocolate?" The more he spoke, the more angry he became. But at least the anger made the lust disappear; it made him feel in control - better. "Spoiled little princess-"

Sofia slapped him before he could continue. It stung like hell, but he refused to appear affected. "Touchy subject, hmm?"

"Get out," Sofia ordered, pointing to the door.

"But what about the rat?" Ash drawled. "How are you to possibly go on when-?"

"I said get out!" Sofia shrieked.

Her raised voice was all it took for all seven of her guard to come barreling in the doorway, pistols and one sword drawn. Truly, did the man need to carry his sword everywhere?

"Princess!" David, one of the older, more reserved guards pushed to the front of the group of men. "How can we be of assistance?"

"Rat." Ash rolled his eyes. "She's discovered a rat."

As if he'd just announced that Sofia had, in fact, discovered an assassin in her room, rather than a rat, all seven men fell silent, their faces white.

"So..." Ash looked around. "Is it safe to assume the fear of rats is Russian-bred-and-born."

"I'll take care of it." David stepped forward, his head still bowed.

Madness. It was utter madness!

Ash rolled his eyes just as Gerald stepped toward him and whispered, "Dungeon. She was placed in the dungeon for three months."

"Who?" Ash turned to face the man. "Who was?"

"Gerald..." Sofia shook her head. "...leave it. Please. After all..." She turned a haughty eye to Ash. "...I'm a spoiled princess, remember? You are dismissed."

"You-" Ash spat. "-are dismissing me?"

"I'll call for you when I need that warm chocolate." Sofia's voice was hard. "Until then, kindly remove yourself from this room while my protectors remove the hairy intruder."

With one last glare, Ash marched out of the room and slammed the door behind him.

Whiskey.

He needed whiskey.

CHAPTER TWELVE

Funny, my thoughts used to be consumed with blood, death, darkness- I hated it. Now? Now they're consumed with lavender, violet eyes, and tears. Damn, but I miss the blood. -The Grimm Reaper

ANGER COURSED THROUGH HER body in waves. Sofia clenched her hands into tiny fists as her seven protectors scurried about the room and disposed of the rat.

To think, at one point it had almost seemed that Ash had been... attracted to her, protective even. And now? Now she knew his opinion of her without a doubt. He thought her ridiculous, spoiled, stupid.

To say the evening had not gone as planned was a gross understatement. All Sofia had wanted was a warm bath and meal. Instead? She had been nearly accosted by a hairy rat and an assassin within minutes of one another.

Then again, one of the previously mentioned would have been welcome.

She shivered as Gerald disposed of the rat and headed toward the door. "Anything else you need, Princess?" His deep brown eyes were etched with concern. Sofia self-consciously pulled the blanket tighter around her body and shook her head.

With a bow, Gerald left, shutting the door behind him.

Mere seconds went by before another soft knock jolted her to her feet.

"Enter."

Benedict slowly made his way into the room, the quietest of the guard, also her same age. He kept his eyes downcast and held out a blanket.

Confused at his presence and the odd gift, Sofia stepped forward and clenched the small blue blanket within her hands. It was beautiful and strangely familiar, and her initials were on it.

"'Twas yours," Benedict whispered. "When you were but a child. Your father, his instructions before we fled... He wanted you to have something from when you were younger... happier... free." His voice was low, tortured.

Sofia had never asked what haunted him so- It hadn't seemed to be her business, but now she was curious. For he was one of the only guard who refused to meet her gaze.

"Th-thank you..." Sofia clenched the blanket to her chest. "...for bringing me this small comfort."

Benedict nodded and slowly closed the door behind him.

Sofia lifted the blanket to her nose and inhaled. It smelled of cedar. It must have been taken from her box of treasures - the same box she had been forced to leave behind.

Tears threatened.

She would not cry - refused to give into the weakness that tears brought. Crying had never helped her when she was younger, and it wouldn't help her now. No, the only thing that would help now would be to marry and quickly. The clock was ticking, her time was almost up. Her stepmother would know she was missing by now and would have sent someone after her.

Not just someone.

But him.

Her betrothed.

A man whom she had found in bed with her stepmother, minutes after her father's passing. A man who wanted one thing - power.

Closing her eyes, she shut out the images of Peter and forced herself to focus on the positive.

Ash was bringing her to London.

And that was all that mattered.

The silence was chilly - as if all of the warmth had been sucked from the room the minute Ash had stepped out of it, which was ridiculous. She'd known him for a day.

And already her body was used to his presence.

Which wouldn't do.

It was the ordeal that was taxing her emotions - not the man. Inhaling deeply, she moved to the fireplace and sat in the nearest chair. It was important she not forget her reasons for escaping the palace in the first place. The reason for her note to her cousin.

Her stepmother would stop at nothing to destroy her.

Was it selfish that Sofia valued her life so highly? But it wasn't merely her own life, but that of her people. After her father's quick death, it had been rumored her stepmother had replaced every soldier within her inner circle. Every guard. She'd released all the loyal subjects and immediately started taxing the people.

Sofia shivered again. It was up to her to take back the throne, and the only way she could do that was to marry someone powerful.

A man who could overpower her stepmother. A man who wouldn't as much as flinch in the face of fear. A hero. She almost laughed aloud. Yes, that's exactly what she needed: a true, honest-to-God hero, someone willing to wield his sword first and ask questions later.

Someone like Ash?

She shook the errant thought from her head as a giggle escaped between her lips. The man would sooner end his own life than try to align himself with hers.

Which was a pity.

All things considered.

She could use his sword.

And his powerful friends.

Sofia's eyes narrowed as she leaned forward and warmed her hands against the fire. Ash... friend of Dominique. Was he titled? Rich? She knew he was brave, but what of his heritage?

Worrying her lower lip, she leaned back in her chair. Did it truly matter if he was wealthy? Once she took back her kingdom, she wouldn't need his wealth. Until then, she had her cousin taking care of her Season.

"Ash," she said aloud, trying out his name, and then a bit louder. "Ash."

"Are you going to scream my name next?" came a voice through the door.

Sofia jolted from the chair and scrambled to her feet just as Ash knocked and let himself in. He locked the door behind him.

"Just what do you think you're doing?" She hissed, though her voice sounded more breathless than irritated.

"What type of hero would I be if I didn't aid my lady after she whispers my name so..." His eyes sparkled. "...reverently."

"Are you foxed?"

"God above, I wish." He groaned, stretching his arms over his head. "Now, I'll pretend you weren't just whispering my name like a wanton-"

"I did no such thing I was merely-"

"If you allow me a moment's silence so I can rest my eyes."

Sofia looked down at her feet, embarrassment washing over her. "Fine."

"Splendid." His voice was closer, and then two booted feet appeared near hers. A warm hand cupped her chin and lifted her face until they were eye to eye. "Say it again."

"Fine."

His smile was dazzling. "Not that."

Sofia tried to pull away.

His grip allowed no such movement, no freedom. Trapped, she was powerless to do anything except stare at his full lips and remember the way they had tasted when pressed against hers.

"My name," he whispered, his lower lip almost caressing hers. "Say it."

"Why? Did you forget it?"

"Possibly."

Still, she said nothing.

Ash grinned, tilting his head. "Perhaps I just like the way your voice sounds..."

"Ass."

"That's not my name." He chuckled. "Well, to be fair, Pierce has called me that upon occasion... I'm not releasing you until you say it. Why suddenly so shy? You were more than happy to chant it to the moon earlier."

Sofia's ears burned with embarrassment. "Ash."

"Slower."

Closing her eyes, she whispered, "Ash."

"Ah..." His touch lingered, and then he released her. "Was that so difficult?"

"You have no idea."

"I think..." His eyes darkened. "...I do. Now, we have an early morning, and apparently the princess desires chocolate. Shall we sleep?"

She nodded slowly then made her way over to the far side of the bed, keeping the blanket secured over her body as she climbed as far as she could to the farthest side without falling off. "This isn't proper."

"Have no worries, Princess. I have no intention on seduction this evening... wouldn't be very sporting of me to seduce an innocent before she makes her debut in London."

"That and my cousin would have your head."

"His bark is worse than his bite, I assure you."

"Not in this certain scenario."

"Relax." Ash breathed, the bed dipped under his weight. "And close your eyes... I promise you'll still be untouched come morning."

And that was the problem, wasn't it? As she closed her eyes and prayed for sleep to come. For the first time in her young existence, she truly wished he was lying, because she wanted to be desired, though she'd never admit it out loud, least of all to him. Alone, so alone, with no friends, and journeying toward a family she'd never met before. Seduction wasn't necessary, but being held?

It would be nice.

Being held by Ash?

Heaven, really.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

The darkness is never so dark as when you finally have a chance to encounter light in its truest form. -The Grimm Reaper

ASH LAY AWAKE, STARING at the blackness above him. The swirling mist of nothingness had always been his companion as he slept - if he slept. The pain in his chest rarely dissipated, regardless of how bad or good the day previous had been.

It was during the evening that the nightmares came.

For evening invited darkness, and darkness had once been his friend, his sole companion. The cold reminded him of death - of his impending death, of what he deserved and why he'd made the sacrifices he had.

To honor the blood that had been spilled.

Her blood.

He wasn't a fool. He knew the love he'd had for her had been wrong. To love his twin's wife? To covet her above all else? And then to be the reason she had stopped living altogether?

Ash exhaled loudly and turned his head.

It was impossible to make out the silhouette of the princess, but he'd seen enough to pull forth from his imagination. Violet eyes, sharp cheekbones, lips meant for kissing, a body begging for a man's touch - his touch.

The cold left his body - left the bloody room. Left him - wanting. Her.

But want was nothing new, just a ridiculous emotion he needed to learn to control, lest he find himself on the opposite end of Dominique's pistol.

He'd returned to the room to apologize - again, at least five times in twenty-four hours - when he'd heard someone whispering.

At first he had thought she was entertaining a man and had damn-near broken down the door in outrage.

And then... it had been his name she had spoken.

Not once, but twice.

First came shock, second, pride, naturally, that she was whispering his name even after he had caused her to cry, caused her to feel afraid and stupid.

So he'd done what any normal man would do. He had asked for her to repeat it. It was possible it had nothing to do with his own arrogance or inability to remember and everything to do with his need to watch her lips as they formed the word.

His body tightened at the thought.

Ten years of celibacy was clearly not agreeing with him in that moment. Not with her in that bed, memories of her mouth whispering his name. Memories of her taste floating through the air.

She moaned in her sleep.

His body wanted to moan right along with her.

One thing was certain: it was going to be a very long night.

And then the minx turned, the mattress moving ever so delicately under her weight, and a feminine arm sprawled across his chest.

It might as well have been a torch.

His body erupted in flames.

Bad flames. The kind that destroyed a man from the inside out, only to repeat the process until he begged for water to quench the thirst.

She was both flame and water.

With a sharp exhale, he tried to move her arm, but the minute his fingers touched her smooth skin, something in him cracked. Maybe it was his brain, for he realized in that moment he very much liked the feel of her skin against his, and maybe, just for the evening, it would be all right for them to touch.

Friends in the evening.

Enemies at dawn?

Yes, that was how it had to be. For entertaining any other thought with the woman would surely have a bad ending. That much he knew without a doubt.

Men like Ash did not receive the hero's ending, nor the hero's reward.

It was best he memorize her touch now - for when he delivered her to London, he would never experience it again.

"Princess!" A loud clamoring jolted Ash out of bed, promptly depositing him onto the cold hard floor. "Princess!"

"Bloody hell." He groaned, unable to suppress his cursing in front of the princess. "Do they ever sleep?"

"It's morning," came her swift reply as she moved toward the door, fully dressed and looking like she'd had the best night of her life, while Ash hadn't fallen asleep until the wee hours of the morning, and even then, the sleep hadn't been quite... deep. What with her twitchy arm.

Not that he was complaining.

Best bed company he'd had in ten years, that arm.

"Yes?" Sofia pulled open the door as Cornelius saluted her.

Ash shook his head and stood, unsure whether he should pummel the man or rush him through his speech so he could get breakfast.

"A visitor." He nodded swiftly. "From London." Cornelius's eyes turned glassy. Damnation, was the bloke going to cry? "Such a beautiful place, I can hardly believe we'll be there so soon!"

"Yes, well..." Sofia gave his arm a patronizing pat. "...did the visitor give a name?"

"Yes." Cornelius nodded.

Complete silence filled the doorway.

"Well?" Ash said gruffly, moving to stand beside Sofia. "What the bloody hell is it?"

"I swear on all that is holy, if you touched her, I'll remove your head before Dominique gets the honor," came his twin's reply as he pushed himself into the room.

"Ah, lovely greeting," Ash said dryly, his eyebrows arching. "Do you truly think I'm the type to ruin a woman, let alone one so... pure?"

Hunter Wolfsbane, Duke of Haverstone, stood to his full height, examining the princess slowly from head to toe. "By God, you look nothing like him!"

"Who?"

"It's remarkable!" Hunter addressed Ash. "She doesn't look terrifying at all! Not even remotely like the Beast."

"She can give a good scare..." Ash met her gaze and smiled slowly. "...what with the right circumstances and such."

"So small..." Hunter tilted his head, continuing his immensely improper staring. "...like a miniature pony."

"Did you just compare me to a pony?" Sofia gritted her teeth. "And who are you, sir?"

"Your Grace," Hunter corrected. "You may curtsy when you see fit to remember your station."

Sofia's eyes widened with irritation.

Ash stifled a groan. "She's a princess."

"Yes, and I'm a duke and this is not her country. Shall we hold a parade later?"

"Hunter." Ash groaned. "What are you doing here?"

"You were taking too long..." Hunter pulled a piece of invisible fuzz from his perfectly fitted jacket and examined it between his fingers before addressing the room again. "...and you know Dominique. He gets that damn twitch in his eye when he's irritated."

Ash nodded. "Is this the same twitch that is often followed by insults and the throwing of sharp objects, knives included?"

Hunter snapped his fingers. "That very one." He shook his head longingly. "Lost my very favorite dinner jacket to one of those twitches. Then again, I wasn't helping, what with my singing."

"You do not sing," Ash pointed out.

"Probably why he had a knife thrown at him," Sofia said in a syrupy sweet voice.

Hunter turned to her, his yellow-brown eyes narrowing in amusement. "I think we'll get along just fine, my dear. How old did you say you were? Fifteen?"

Sofia's nostrils flared.

Ash felt the need to intervene before his brother found himself impaled by a sharp object, not that he'd feel the slightest bit guilty, since he clearly deserved such a tragic death. "She's nineteen and ready for her debut."

"Debut," Hunter said the word slowly. "Ah yes, I believe Dominique mentioned a few men he'd picked from the lot. I imagine by the time we arrive back in London, they'll have washed behind their ears and learned which utensils to use during dinner service."

Ash coughed. "He's joking."

"He's not." Hunter winked at Sofia. "All right, I'll just leave you to your morning ablutions. Ash, keep your dirty hands to yourself. Sofia, a pleasure, my dear. You'll be traveling with me the rest of the journey to London, while my twin makes sure to keep the riffraff away."

"Splendid." Sofia's voice was quiet, her eyes not quite meeting Ash's as she nodded her approval.

"Right then!" Hunter clapped. "Let's be on our way. We don't want Dominique losing any more patience than he already has... too many lives already lost."

"What?" Sofia gasped.

"Cut their heads clean off." Hunter nodded sadly. "Then promptly ate them for dinner."

"He means the chickens." Ash held up his hands. "I'll explain later." Leave it to Hunter to make something as basic as Dominique slaughtering his own chickens for sport to sound like cannibalism.

"They never see it coming. One day they lay an egg, the next..." Hunter made a cutting motion across his neck.

Sofia let out a gasp.

"Go be bothersome elsewhere." Ash pushed Hunter from the room.

"Can't." Ash tilted his head. "I'll stay outside the door with you while our damsel finishes doing what damsels do in the mornings, and then you'll do what you typically do in order to prepare for your job which I'm sure requires screaming at young children and kicking innocent puppies, and then we'll break our fast."

"Someone likes to plan," Sofia muttered under her breath.

"He's a duke. He bores easily." Ash clapped Hunter on the back and pushed him out of the room. "We'll be just outside if you need either of us."

Sofia nodded and softly closed the door behind her. The minute the latch turned on the lock, Hunter's easygoing manner shifted into that of seriousness.

That was how it went with Hunter. He was the best spy the Crown had ever seen, easily slipping from a simple bloke to one of power, anger.

"You're fortunate," he said in low clipped tones, "that it was me and not Dominique who stumbled upon you alone with his cousin."

"Dominique is aware I'm celibate." Ash desperately fought to keep his teeth from gnashing, that or pushing against his brother's chest.

"Yes," Hunter growled. "But the rest of the world is not. Kindly keep yourself from imposing on her innocence before he ends your life while you slumber."

"Empty threats." Ash rolled his eyes. "Besides, how else was I to protect her?"

"She has guards."

"Have you seen them?"

"Yes well..." Hunter coughed. "The first sneezed in my face, the second fell asleep mid-sentence..."

"Exactly my point." Ash clenched his teeth until his jaw popped. "They are useless."

"And Pierce."

"Someone singing my praises?" Pierce sauntered down the hall, his arm around a serving maid. "Listen up, love, they'll tell you all about how Pierce slew a dragon with his bare hands."

Hunter elbowed Ash. "He reminds me of someone."

"You. He reminds you of you. That's why you like him so much."

"Handsome fellow."

"That I am!" Pierce gave a low bow then staggered up to his feet, the barmaid giggling at his side.

"And drunk." Ash swore. "Pierce, how the devil are you to protect the prin - the lovely lady - if you are foxed?"

Pierce shrugged. "She has you."

Just then the door opened, and Sofia stepped out. "Did someone mention chocolate?"

"Ah yes." Hunter offered his arm. "Follow me, my lady, and I'll escort you while my twin says his prayers."

"Prayers?"

"For his soul." Hunter nodded. "One does not become a hired assassin without starting his morning with God. It is how he shall start life and end it."

"Deep." Pierce hiccupped.

Rolling his eyes, Ash pushed past his brother and barricaded himself in the room, giving himself a few minutes of peace before having to face the firing squad again.

Hunter had been right. It was careless of him, stupid. He shouldn't have had her alone. But that didn't change the way his body hummed with the memory of having done so - or the desire that flared to life at the thought of doing it again.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

When one doesn't touch a woman for ten years then is suddenly thrust into her presence... well, no good can come from that. No good at all. Yet, as a man, stupidity seems to be in the forefront. I should flee... yet I stay. -Grimm Reaper

THE DUKE'S EYES WERE terrifying. The yellow surrounding his pupils seemed to enlarge when he stared at Sofia like he was doing. In fact, he hadn't stopped staring since they sat at the table and ordered food.

"So..." She cleared her throat. "...you're twins?"

"Yes, well..." His Grace winked. "...one of us had to receive the looks, while the other received the brains."

"Highly doubtful." She narrowed her eyes as his smile grew.

"And what makes you say that?" He leaned forward, his fingers tapping slightly against the table.

"You're..." She shook her head. "...perceptive."

"Most men are." He waved her off.

Sofia snorted.

The duke's eyes twinkled. "Ah, the woman disagrees?"

"Wildly." She grinned. "Your Grace, if I may be so bold-"

"Boldness gets you everywhere, my dear. Where is that dratted brother? Did you know he saved an elephant from drowning once?"

"Er, pardon?"

"An elephant." His Grace nodded and held up his hands, making a long motion in front of his face. "Ghastly creatures, very noisy, forgetful, have long trunks and hairy backs."

"How does an elephant drown?"

"Lovely, so glad you asked. You see, the trunk was stuck in the water. Ash, upon seeing the elephant's horror at having his trunk stuck, went to pull it out. The elephant panicked, sinking deeper in, and that's when the lightning struck."

"Lightning?"

"Yes, well, it sounded like lightning when really it was pirates."

Did lightning make a sound? "Pirates?"

"Of course. Are you going to repeat everything I say? Makes the story go so much slower..."

"Hunter..." Ash's voice was irritated. "...stop telling falsehoods in order to see how deep she'll plunge into the rabbit hole of your insanity."

His Grace flashed a smile, and he leaned back. "It is my favorite embellishment, you and the elephant."

"Yes, well..." Ash sat down next to Sofia, his thigh brushing hers, causing chills to run up and down her legs. "...Pierce was telling an entirely different tale yesterday."

"The one about the rabbit?" the duke asked.

"No." Hunter sighed.

"Ah..." The duke snapped his fingers. "...the fox? It was the fox, wasn't it?"

"Do you ever stop?" Ash clenched his teeth together. "Where's the damnable food?"

"Apologies, my lad." His Grace shook his head. "My dear brother becomes such a bear when he's hungry. Now," he said, nodding, "that's a good story. There once was a cottage with three little bears-"

Ash clamped his hand over His Grace's mouth.

Sofia gasped at the rudeness. Had they any decency? The man was a duke! One simply did not put his hands on a duke!

The duke moved out of Ash's grasp. "No manners. The lady is going to think you're a barbarian, Ash."

"He is," Sofia said at the same time Ash said, "I am."

The duke looked between the two with rapt fascination. "Interesting development."

The food arrived the very next second the duke opened his mouth, which was a welcome interruption as far as Sofia was concerned. She hadn't slept very well, considering she'd shared the bed with Ash. She'd been beyond mortified when she'd woken up to discover herself practically on top of him. She remembered being cold and then... warm, so very warm.

She shivered.

"Bit chilly?" The duke's eyebrows arched in what she could only assume was far too much perception and amusement for her taste.

Sofia chose not to answer, instead grabbing a piece of bread and chewing it to keep herself from insulting the man. One minute he was so perceptive it was unnerving; the next he was spouting out nonsense about elephants and pirates. Perhaps he was a bit loose in the head?

"Have you met him?" The duke directed his question toward her.

"Him?" She swallowed the last remnants of her dry bread. "Beg pardon, Your Grace? To whom are you referring?"

"Hunter." He scowled. "We are family, after all. I'm married to Dominique's wife's sister."

Sofia exchanged a look with Ash, but he seemed too busy destroying whatever food was in front of him.

"The he I'm referring to..." Hunter's eyebrows arched. "...is Maskylov... your cousin... also known as The Beast... though I'm not sure why. He's always been such an agreeable fellow."

Ash snorted.

Hunter shrugged. "When he's not pointing a pistol in my direction, that is."

Sofia hid her smile. "And he does this often?"

"I tend to find great joy in irritating him, so yes, quite often."

"No." She licked her lips and reached for the ale in front of her. "I've never had the honor of meeting my cousin in the flesh."

"Splendid." Hunter flashed her a smile. "I do wonder how you'll react then. Just remember to avert your eyes. He despises when people stare. Oh, and be sure to bow at least twice when you first make his acquaintance and stay away from any sort of bright color. He seems to take that as an invitation toward violence." Hunter tapped his chin then snapped his fingers. "Oh, and, above all costs, you mustn't ever speak the words-"

"Hunter, by God, you're giving me a headache." Ash swore. "Stop scaring the poor chit. She's his flesh and blood. I imagine she'll be just fine."

Sofia gave a weak nod but was suddenly sick to her stomach. Was Hunter teasing her? Or was he truly giving her advice on how to address her cousin? The sickness overtook her stomach with such force that she pushed back from the table and ran back up the stairs to her room. She slammed the door behind her.

What if Dominique was exactly like her stepmother?

What if he tried to control her life as well?

What if he was only inviting her to London - to send her back?

But in his correspondence, he'd been so caring, so... protective. Had it all been a ploy? Was he truly on her stepmother's side?

Breathing became harder and harder as Sofia leaned against the door.

Two knocks sounded, and then a deep voice inquired, "Sofia?"

Ash.

The last thing she needed was for him to any sort of weakness, so she gathered her wits and opened the door. "What?"

"Are you unwell?" His eyes narrowed. "Did the food not settle? Or was it Hunter that caused your stomach to disagree with you?"

"A bit of both." She was thankful her voice sounded more confident than she felt; as it was, her knees were knocking together beneath her skirts. "But I'm sure it will pass."

Ash didn't budge, simply examined her, his eyes seeming to take in every inch of skin and dress before settling on her lips again. "You're pale... we could always postpone travel."

"No!" Sofia blurted, anxiety building even more. It wouldn't help to stay back and wonder. Better she face the great beast right away than silently wonder. "It's not a problem, I'm feeling better already!" Her smile was forced, too tight, off.

"If you're certain..."

"Absolutely," she squeaked. "Just, give me a few moments to collect myself."

Ash squinted his eyes. He opened his mouth to say something then pressed his lips together and gave a curt bow before stomping back down the stairs.

Sofia touched her fingertips to her temples and breathed in and out a few times. She could do this. She had never been given a choice in the matter. Either marry Peter or die.

Straightening her shoulders, she pulled from every ounce of training that had been bred into her from a young age. She was a princess. Royalty. What she did, she did for her people - and for her father.

Without any more hesitation, she returned to the table and cleared her throat.

Hunter, grinning widely, tilted his head. "Ah, the lovely lady returns."

"I am ready."

Ash didn't smile; instead, his eyes narrowed as if trying to see into her very soul.

She glanced away and flashed a gracious smile at Hunter. "I do look forward to more stories of Ash's... heroic tendencies."

"Lovely." Hunter stood and offered his arm. "Let us revisit that elephant story, shall we?"

Acknowledging him with an incline of her head, Sofia took his arm and allowed him to escort her from the inn. When they reached the door, she turned back to see if Ash was following, only to have him nearly run into her backside in the process.

"Looking for me?" His eyes teased, crinkling at the corners.

It would have been easy - dictated by decency, even - to take a half-step away from him. But she held her ground instead, even as heat from his body seemed to ready out to her. She narrowed her gaze. "Just making sure you weren't woolgathering."

"Ha!" Hunter laughed. "Ash? Woolgathering? Believe me, any thought that enters his head is solely focused on killing and more killing. It's what assassins are trained to do."

"Comforting thought," Sofia murmured, turning her attention outside.

"It should be," Ash whispered from behind her. "Because while you're listening to tales of elephants and pirates, I'll be training my pistol on anyone who as much as breathes in your presence or stares at your carriage cross-eyed. Comforting... don't you think?" He strolled off in the direction of the stables, leaving Sofia momentarily breathless and a bit stunned.

"All bark, no bite, my dear." Hunter released her arm. "Though some prefer the bite rather than the bark, if you get my meaning."

"What?" She glanced back at Hunter only when Ash had disappeared from view.

"He's lonely." Hunter's facade dropped. In an instant, he was a different person, a concerned brother, a loyal family member, worried. "I fear our Ash will one day die - but not from a gun wound."

Panicked and oddly curious, Sofia asked, "Then what? Is he ill?"

Hunter put his hand on the small of her back and lead her to his black Ducal carriage. "In a way."

"I'm sorry, I don't understand."

"His heart," Hunter said softly. "It is broken."

"Can anything be done for it?" Did he mean in the literal sense?

"Of course." The footman opened the carriage door for them and helped Sofia in first. Once Hunter was seated, he licked his lips and continued talking in hushed tones. "But once a heart is broken, it takes more than just someone willing to fix it for the mend to take place."

Sofia leaned back against the soft leather seat. "And what is that? What does it take?"

Hunter glanced out the window just as Ash's horse trotted up alongside the carriage. "My dear, one must desire to be fixed."

"And he doesn't want to be fixed? To be healed?"

Hunter jerked his head from the window, his eyes burrowing into hers, burning with his pierced gaze. "If you were the cause of someone's death - if you blamed yourself and then tried to end your own life over it, only to wake up and find yourself very much alive, very much... guilty... would you?"

Sofia swallowed and looked down at her clenched hands in her lap.

"What happened?"

"Ah..." Hunter's smile was sad. "I'm afraid, my dear, that story is not one with which I may entertain you."

The carriage jolted forward.

"You should rest your eyes." Hunter's voice was low, hypnotic. "The journey will go more quickly, and I imagine you'll need to store your energy before we hit Town."

Nodding, Sofia leaned against the seat and closed her eyes, thinking of nothing but Ash and his broken heart the entire time.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

I see her smile, and I feel guilty because it makes me smile, and then I wonder... Will that smile, will that feeling ever come and not have such a high cost? -The Grimm Reaper

HOURS ON HORSEBACK HAD never bothered Ash. For one thing, he was damned used to it, and for another, it gave him the space he needed to prepare himself for what would already be a painful goodbye - on his part, at least. Certainly not on hers.

"Deep in thought, I'd say..." Pierce trotted his horse up alongside Ash. The Royal Guard for the princess rode behind them, though a few were riding in Ash's carriage. All in all, it would be a fool's errand to try and ambush them, but highway robberies were prevalent on the road back to Town, even one as oft traveled as this one.

"Simply anxious to rid myself of the female," Ash lied. It tasted horrible on his tongue, all wrong and bitter.

"Ha!" Pierce laughed then winced. "Headache, damn whiskey. At any rate, I do believe you're bluffing. Never thought I'd see the day when you'd fall ass-first for a woman. Tell me, how long has it been?"

Ash clenched his jaw; a resounding pop was the only indication that he'd clenched perhaps a bit too hard.

"Two years?" Pierce guessed. "No, no, that cannot be right. Three? Five?"

"Ten!" Ash damn-near yelled. "Now keep an eye on the trees. I am not at all in the mood to be shot at so close to our destination."

"Ten years..." Pierce clicked his tongue, urging his horse forward so that he was a pace ahead of Ash. "...without a woman's touch? Or without..." He cast a sly glance. "...any sort of touch?"

Ash narrowed one eye and regarded Pierce, contemplating for just an instant what the aggravating man would like with a pistol aimed at his head." Pierce..."

"Tsk, tsk, Ash. However can you be certain you even possess a working stovepipe? After all, things become a tad rusty over the years. Hell, you may not even be able to... er, perform."

"Nobody said anything about performing. Are you even watching the trees?"

"I saw a rabbit," Pierce said dryly. "Would you feel better if I shot it?"

Ash rolled his eyes. If anyone or anything was in danger of being shot it was Pierce. Ah, woolgathering about shooting again. Ash's fingers twitched in the direction of his pistol.

"Do you think it best to try on the lovely lady first? Perhaps you should visit Madame Lamont's before you run about with a loaded gun."

Sighing, Ash kept his eyes trained on the trees and breathed in a sigh of relief when he spotted the beginning of Town. "There will be no handling of anyone's gun."

"Pity. A pistol fight would do you good, perhaps relieve some of that anger."

"I'm not angry!"

"You're yelling."

"I'm not-" Ash exhaled and looked away. "I'm simply irritated that you refuse to drop this insane subject! I will not be handling my pistol or practicing on some whore, just so I can alleviate myself."

"Ah!" Pierce snapped his fingers. "So you admit there's an ache? A type of pain at being so close to that lush, creamy-"

"Pierce!"

"-white." He sighed longingly.

"Not another word."

Pierce was silent then whispered under his breath, "Skin."

"Bloody hell, I should shoot you off that damn horse."

"Do it. Or, perhaps I should shoot you. Let the princess nurse you back to health. Lovely plan, that. Simply stand still so I can aim correctly. Wouldn't do to actually kill you and-"

"Fine."

"Wait." Pierce shook his head. "What we you agreeing to?"

"Shoot me."

"Um, I don't think..."

"What? Lose your nerve? Shoot me. Put me out of my misery, only be kind enough to make it a kill shot. I've served my purpose, delivered the girl to London - almost - and I want nothing more than to die in peace. So... shoot me."

Pierce scowled. "I would, I truly would, but I have a mild suspicion that your so-called mission is not at an end."

Dread pooled in Ash's belly as he slowed his horse. "Explain yourself."

Pierce shrugged. "Dominique sent you to fetch the girl and her guard... she trusts you and only you. Not even Dominique. He's going to need you in order to build that trust with her, and you, my friend, are the only person who will be able to do it."

"She doesn't trust me."

"Oh, but I think she does." Pierce grinned. "I really think she does."

That very thought plagued Ash, darkening his mood for the rest of the ride to Town. Bad enough that it had started raining, what was worse, each time he glanced at the carriage - to make sure the wheels were intact and not in any fashion to check in on Sofia - she was laughing at something Hunter was saying.

Hunter was married.

In love.

Besotted.

So why did it bother Ash as much as it did? So she laughed at his brother's jokes. Ash could tell jokes... if he were so inclined to impress the woman, which he wasn't.

He truly wasn't.

Hands flexed, he gripped the reins tighter as they slowly made their way into Mayfair.

The scent of London always affected Ash in a negative manner. The stench of the streets reminded him of her lying in it. Reminded him of the one action that had stolen his very life from him - had stolen hers - and had consequently divided his relationship with Hunter for a decade.

He was so lost in thought he almost didn't register that they were already at Dominique's residence until it was too late.

Until The Beast himself was glowering from the top of the stairs, pistol in hand, or maybe it was just a walking stick, but one could never be too cautious.

"If you'd like to make a run for it, I can cover you, possibly for two minutes before I lose the nerve and follow suit," Pierce whispered.

Ash grunted in response.

The footman let Hunter out of the carriage. He turned and held his hand to Sofia. Her fingers seemed to hesitate before gripping the proffered hand. Her white silk glove flashed brilliant against the cream kidskin worn by Hunter.

Her eyes were big, wide, fearful as she stepped out and glanced up at the large menacing house.

One fit for a prince.

Which, to be fair, fit, all things considered. Maskylov was a Russian prince in his own right, even though he chose to live in London with his English wife.

"Sofia." Hunter inclined his head for Sofia to follow him, but her feet stayed firmly planted against the ground as if rooted there.

"Damsel." Pierce disguised the word with a cough and pointed. "Distress."

With a sigh, Ash slid off his horse and made his way toward Sofia. "Twelve steps."

Her head shot up. "Pardon?"

"Twelve steps. It takes exactly twelve steps to make it to the top of the stairs. Worry about The Beast once you're at the top, but it's silly to worry about him now."

"How do you figure?" she whispered, her face pale.

Ash nodded to Hunter.

Excused, Hunter gave a short bow and made his way toward the house while Ash took Sofia's hand. "Well, to be morbid, a rabid dog could attack you before you hit the first stair."

Sofia gasped. "Are you trying to make me feel better or suicidal?"

"Better." Ash forced back a smile. "There's reasoning with the madness I spout. Now pay attention."

"I'm rapt with it," she said dryly.

"Ah, there's the lovely royal attitude I so dreadfully missed." Ash squeezed her hand. "I admit, the dog was a poor example. One could possibly trip on the last stair and gain a head wound, making it so you don't have to greet your cousin until you awaken, and by then, he'll feel so horrid about you tripping that all the bark will be out of him. Besides it might give me adequate time to liquor him up."

"I like that story better."

"Figured you would, since it includes me taming the damn beast."

Sofia blinked and then smiled. Ash's insides warmed to mush, bloody intolerant emotions. "Now..." He ushered her forward. "...step one means you only have eleven to go, but think upon this... What if you do not take the steps? You'll find yourself in this exact position tomorrow with the same problem. One does not win a war by simply staring at the enemy."

"No," Sofia whispered. "But how? How do you win the war without even knowing if they are your enemy?"

"That's easy." Ash was nearing the fifth step with Sofia. "You must first say hello."

"Hello?" she squeaked.

"How are you to know if they are your enemy if you do not first know if they are your friend?"

Sofia's mouth opened and then closed.

"And the last step..." Ash whispered. "Bravery becomes you."

"Cousin," Dominique stepped forward, damn-near shoving Ash out of the way as he embraced Sofia and kissed her on the cheek. "Are you well? Unharmed?" His eyes narrowed in on Ash. "Untouched?"

"Bloody hell, I must give every person the impression I have no self-control," Ash muttered, while, from somewhere behind him, Pierce laughed.

Dominique only glowered more, as per usual.

But Ash stayed by Sofia's side.

Until she sent him away - he'd stay. Because he'd promised to keep her safe, and he wasn't satisfied she was - not yet.

"Ash..." Dominique's voice was low, his accent thick as it always was when he was annoyed at the world. "...you will stay for dinner."

"I will," Ash repeated numbly.

"I have another task that needs... your touch."

Ash sighed and moved past Dominique. "Tell me, am I to stay with you while I'm in London as well?"

"Your rooms have been ready for a week."

"I was joking."

"I never joke," Dominique said sternly.

Pierce moved slowly back down the stairs and gave a silent nod of acknowledgement. Lucky bastard was most likely making an early escape before he too was roped into the chaos.

"Bloody brilliant mansion!" Cornelius all but shouted.

Dunlin, following too closely, slammed into Cornelius, who tripped into Sofia, who then gripped Dominique's lapels like a lifeline.

"What is... this?" Dominique clipped.

Naturally, that was when Samson approached and promptly sneezed in Dominique's face.

Serafano yawned and mumbled, "Bless you."

Gerald and David rolled their eyes while Benedict stayed back.

"This-" Ash held his hands out wide. "-is the Royal Guard sent to protect your lovely cousin. Now do you see why I was... detained?"

"Good God." Dominique glanced at the men then back at Ash, his eyes pleading.

"They shall stay here as well... right?" Sofia asked in a soft voice.

And suddenly Ash felt so much better about being in residence, especially considering he was going to get a front-row seat to the madness it would cause the great beast.

"I, uh-" Dominique stuttered, glancing to Ash for help.

Ash was silent.

Dominique's eyes blazed.

"Of course!" came the female response as Dominique's wife Isabelle made her way toward them. "We wouldn't have it any other way. Why, they're practically family. Right, Dominique?"

His eyes narrowed. "Er, right."

"Whiskey?" Ash offered Dominique, but he was already two steps ahead of him, bounding toward his study. Ash followed as the sound of Isabelle's voice filled the great hall.

"Ah, great of you to join me." Hunter lifted the decanter of whiskey into the air and pulled out another two snifters.

"What. The. Hell." Dominique spat. "Tell me those aren't the men sent to protect her?"

Hunter grinned, offering Dominique the glass. "All right, those weren't the men sent to protect her."

"Thank God."

"He lied," Ash interjected, taking his own glass and sitting on the settee. "Why else do you think it took me an age to bring the chit here?"

"Chit?" Dominique repeated darkly.

"Woman." Ash's eyes narrowed. "Would you rather I call her a dove? A lovely creature with perfect skin and-"

Hunter's chuckle mixed with Dominique's growl and cut off any further suggestions, though that was probably for the best, considering he was arousing himself with such talk. Never good for such things to occur in the company of men.

Dominique sat, his face a stern mask. Then again, the man always appeared harsh and uncompromising. From his strong jaw to his cold blue eyes and wickedly dark hair, he hadn't gained his nickname for smiling at children and helping the elderly.

The scars on Dominique's hands seemed to illuminate with the crackling fire, making him look even more daunting. No wonder Sofia had been terrified. Anyone who'd heard the story of Dominique's youth would wonder if he too was cursed like his father - cursed to bring about nothing but death and madness to those he came into contact with.

Fortunately for her and for the rest of society, Dominique was more of a trained housecat. He had a temper, but he also had a wife willing to knee him in the family jewels when necessary.

"She told you... what happened?" Dominique finally asked.

Hunter stood quietly by the fireplace.

The only sound was that of the crackling wood and the light tapping of rain against the house.

Swallowing, Ash nodded. "She told me enough."

"Then you understand why her safety is of the utmost importance."

He wasn't so sure he liked the general direction of the conversation, but Ash gave another nod just the same.

"I trust you to be discreet." Dominique swirled the whiskey in his glass then took another long sip. "As discreet as you know how to be in your certain line of work."

"He means killing people," Hunter offered helpfully.

"What exactly are you asking me to do?" Ash asked.

Dominique stared into his glass. "I thought it was obvious." His head lifted. "You are to be her protector, her shadow, her chaperone, her everything... until she is safely married. You will be her other half. That is the job you took over a month ago, and I will see it carried through."

A cross between a moan and a growl erupted from Ash's lips.

Hunter grinned, chuckling into his glass before taking a sip. "The Season just became so much more... entertaining."

"You cannot-" Ash sputtered, throwing back the entire contents of the glass before slamming it onto the table. "You cannot mean for me to... attach myself to her person. It is not proper!"

"Since when have you cared about propriety?" Dominique scowled. "Better yet, when have I ever cared?"

"But if she is to find a husband-?"

"She's a damn princess," Hunter interjected. "Finding a husband is the least of our worries."

"And the most?" Ash was almost afraid to ask.

Dominique's eyebrows arched while Hunter poured himself another hefty glass, his lips curving into a knowing smile.

Ash groaned.

"Why," Hunter said as he lifted his glass into the air, "that much is obvious. It should be interesting... how mad she will be able to drive poor Ash before he turns on his own sword."

Ash barked out a laugh. "A mere child would not evoke enough emotion for that type of drama, believe me."

"A child?" Hunter circled the room slowly. "Is that what you think when you see the princess?"

"Absolutely."

"You're positive?" Hunter pushed harder.

"Yes! Damn it!" Ash almost stomped his foot. "She is nothing but a child, not even a woman, yet. Hell, she has seen nothing of the world! I am not tempted by innocence... no matter how pretty you may dress it."

Hunter glanced at the door. "Well then, that settles it now, doesn't it?"

Slowly Ash turned.

Isabelle and Sofia both stood at the door, faces impassive. They had to have heard it all.

"Not that I needed your reassurance." Dominique stood and slapped Ash on the shoulder. "But I appreciate it all the same."

Unsure of what to say, Ash could only stare at Sofia as she averted her eyes, finding great interest in the Persian rug, and none whatsoever in Ash. Then again, he had just made a complete ass out of himself, so there was that.

"Ahem." Hunter strode forward. "I should be off to see my wife. I've been delayed long enough." He reached for Sofia's hand and bestowed a kiss across the top. "It truly was a pleasure, Princess. Remember, the bark is worse than the bite... or the bite is worse than the bark, if that's what you prefer."

What the devil was he spouting?

Sofia's cheeks blushed bright red before she whispered "Thank you" and curtsied.

Hunter left.

Ash wasn't sure if he should follow suit or just apologize.

The decision was made for him when Isabelle, with a forced smile, turned to Sofia. "Why don't I show you to your room?"

"Yes," Sofia croaked, her voice weak. "Yes, that would be lovely."

They left.

And Ash was still standing there - feeling like a fool.

"Off limits," Dominique whispered gruffly. "Do I have your word?"

Ash glanced back at Dominique and kept his expression void of emotion - something he'd practiced over the years, though this was the first time he had a bit of struggle keeping the mask in place. "I've been celibate for ten years. Why the hell would I take a bite of the damn apple when I've been without fruit for so long?"

"Good." Dominique's blue eyes flashed. "Because if I hear otherwise, I'll shoot you."

"Reassuring."

"Thought so." What could be mistaken as a grimace or possibly a smile flashed across his face before he left Ash alone in the room.

Alone to think about what he should have spent more time thinking about ten minutes prior.

How the hell he was going to keep his damn body from responding to the girl who was so much more than a girl, but a woman, a treasure? An innocent treasure, whom he had just soiled with his harsh words.

"Bloody hell, I'm in deep." He cursed and poured himself another two fingers of whiskey. Four weeks in a month.

One month, and she would be married.

And he would be rid of her.

The catch? Would four months be enough to exorcise her face? Her lips? Those eyes? From his very existence.

Or would he always want?

Would he always crave?

Would he always wonder?

What it would be like... with her...

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Better she hate me than know the truth of the matter. I would stare at her for an eternity - if she let me. I'd give up those ten years for one drink of her lips. -The Grimm Reaper

THE UPSTAIRS WAS A complicated maze of bedrooms, with artwork placed strategically along the walls. Everything seemed expensive, old, and Russian.

"Dominique has a certain... taste." Isabelle's eyes twinkled. It still felt odd addressing her so familiarly. Then again, they were cousins, though they hardly knew one another. "Ah, here we are." Isabelle pushed the door open and allowed Sofia to step inside first.

The room was large enough to fit a few carriages side by side - with horses.

A large bed was pressed against the right wall. Floor-to-ceiling windows cast an early evening glow across the rich ruby-hued fabric draped across the bed. A small balcony was visible between the black velvet curtains.

The entire room seemed too heavy and rich with fabrics to be beautiful - but it was... beautiful, that is. What should have appeared gaudy was fascinating, something fit for a princess.

The fireplace roared. Sofia turned. A large wardrobe faced the fireplace along with a beautiful gold mirror and writing desk.

"It's so beautiful," she breathed, carefully pressing her palms against her travel-sodden dress. "Are you sure this is my room?"

"Very." Isabelle chuckled. "Dominique wanted you to have one of the master suites so you'd be close."

"Close?" Sofia's brow puckered. "Close to what?"

"Ash, of course."

"Pardon?"

"Ash, good-looking fellow with the weight of the world on his shoulders, currently drowning his sorrows in whiskey and pretending he doesn't have two good working eyes so that he doesn't have to admit his attraction to you."

Heat marched across Sofia's face. "He isn't attracted to me. I think he made that much clear."

"Men are fickle creatures." Isabelle closed the door behind her and walked toward Sofia, her smile warm. "Many times they say things they don't mean, often out loud, in order to argue with their minds what their hearts already know."

Sofia looked down, shaking her head. "His heart and mind are of one accord... and that is dislike - a very strong dislike - for royalty, me in particular."

"If you say so." Isabelle offered a light shrug of her shoulders and placed her hands on her hips. "I hope you do not mind, but I hired a lady's maid to help you ready yourself for the next few weeks. Tomorrow, we'll shop for whatever's needed for the remainder of the Season. Until then..." Isabelle inclined her head. "...dinner is served in two hours. I'll send Ana in twenty or so minutes."

"Thank you." Sofia's voice was a mere whisper as she watched Isabelle quit the room, shutting the door quietly behind her.

Sighing, she turned around the room and tried to imagine what the next few weeks would entail. Would she find someone to care for her? To protect her? With a huff, she sat on the bed. Who was she attempting to fool? People didn't fall in love in four weeks. Love was out of the question for her. What she needed was a protector, someone who could help stand up to her stepmother, someone powerful enough to help Sofia fight for her country, for her throne.

A loud bang hit the wall farthest from the bed.

With grimace, Sofia listened as the banging continued.

Either someone was banging their head against the wall, or something was terribly wrong. An adjoining door led to the room next to hers. She assumed it must have been present since she was in one of the suites. Possibly for a married couple.

"Hello?" She knocked against the door. "Are you all right?"

More banging.

"Ahem," she said louder.

The banging continued. Well, now it was just getting ridiculous. With a pull, she jerked the door open and stepped inside the masculine room.

There stood Ash, pushing furniture against the wall closest to the door, as if his life depended on it.

"A little too late in the evening to be rearranging, don't you think?" she teased.

"Bloody hell!" He stumbled back on his feet and swore a blue streak, making Sofia's cheeks heat. "What the devil are you doing?"

"Supervising?"

"Princess..." He growled. "...it isn't proper for you to be alone with a man in his room, especially one such as me."

"Grumpy." She tilted her head. "You mean one as grumpy and disagreeable as you."

"I'm not disagreeable."

"Yes, you are."

"No, I'm-"

Sofia grinned while Ash stomped around her and pulled open the door to her room.

"Back inside you go."

"You don't need my help?"

"I never need help."

"I seem to remember a time when you asked for a certain type of help... undressing."

Ash appeared to stop breathing. His green eyes blazed as his body nearly collided with hers, causing Sofia to step back against the wall. He placed his hands on either side of the wall by her face. "Say that in front of Dominique, and I'll gain a bullet through my skull."

Sofia licked her lips. "Tempting."

He shuddered, his eyes trained on her mouth. "You have no idea."

The room was thick with tension. Sofia didn't understand why she felt the need to touch him, but touch him she did, first with her fingertips and then with her entire hand. She pressed it against his chest.

His breathing increased as he leaned forward and touched his forehead to hers.

What was happening?

Heat pooled in her belly. Her legs became heavy, her body aching. "Kiss me."

"No."

"Please," she whispered.

"No." But Ash's mouth was already nearly brushing hers.

A knock sounded at the door, jerking them apart.

"Go." Ash shoved her back into her room and slammed the door as she stumbled on her feet.

What had just happened?

What had possessed her to ask him to kiss her? Insanity, that's what. Either that or feeling sorry for herself. That quite possibly the only man who would evoke such feelings within her body... hated her, wanted nothing to do with her, could not, and, in fact, would not save her from a fate worse than death.

A loveless marriage.

Just like her parents'.

She pressed a hand to her stomach just as a knock sounded at her own door.

"Yes?"

A short maid around Sofia's same age stepped in and curtsied. "Your Highness, I'm Ana, your lady's maid. Shall we ready you for dinner?"

"Yes-" Sofia almost choked on the word, having trouble finding her voice wasn't something she was familiar with. Always, she'd been confident, even around men. After all, she was used to being stared at, talked about.

But Ash was different.

He was dangerous.

One would think that after fleeing such danger she'd be weary of it, but he sparked a craving within her soul - within her body - one she'd never experienced but wanted more of.

"My lady?" Ana asked. "Is something amiss?"

"No." Sofia gave an automatic shake of her head. "No, just woolgathering, I suppose."

Ana smiled. "Have a seat while I pull out some of the dress choices for dinner. My lady sent a few things to your room."

Sofia nodded and tried to pay attention, but every time she heard a noise from the adjoining room, she flinched, tensing and digging her nails into her palms.

One kiss from him, and she'd be satisfied.

That was to say... one more kiss, and then she'd be satisfied with her lot in life.

Satisfied to marry a nice elderly English gentleman.

The idea was a horrid one, a rotten one, but her only choice. Her bed had been made for her, and now she had no choice but to lie down and pray that sleep would come swiftly.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

It seems the more I fight my instinct, my feelings and emotions, the harder they push back, relentless in their pursuit to crack the casing around my heart and set it free. -The Grimm Reaper

IN HINDSIGHT, MOVING FURNITURE was probably an idea brought on by too much whiskey and the warm buzz of lust currently shooting through Ash's system.

At the time, it had seemed a good idea.

All things considered, it had been a necessary thing to carry out, and logically it made sense. If one had to pull all pieces of furniture from the door before entering into the lady's room, then... One would tire out eventually, right?

Ash groaned.

Was it luck or misfortune that Sofia had asked him to kiss her?

The catch? He'd almost done it.

He'd almost given in.

And he knew-after another kiss - he would be done for. Sucked into a lust-filled frenzy that would end with him taking the one thing he didn't deserve - her innocence. And take he would. Ash knew firsthand that temptations of the flesh were best avoided when one was intelligent enough to actually steer clear of said temptation.

And now he was bloody next door to it.

Not just next door.

Practically sharing a master suite next to Eve herself.

The knock on his door had stopped what he should never have started. He was playing with fire, damn-near fanning the flame and assuming its heat wouldn't sear him alive.

It would.

Flames always did.

Fires represented comfort and heat... until they blazed out of control and became blazes, demolishing anything in their wake.

"Sir?" The valet whose name Ash still couldn't recall, held open the black dinner jacket. "Allow me."

For ten years, Ash had done without a valet. He wasn't about to start using one's services now, but Dominique, the bastard, had ordered it, and Vin, yes, that was his name, was only too happy to oblige The Beast. Damn Russians.

Clearly, smiling was a herculean task for the valet. Not that Ash needed any sort of comforting, but it would have been nice for some of the warmth to return to his room - warmth Sofia had stolen the minute he'd slammed the door in her face.

Vin gave a slight bow and stepped out of the room. Ash followed, wordlessly taking an internal account of the layout of the upstairs so he'd be able to find his way through the maze-like hallway.

After five minutes, he saw the stairs and descended as slowly as possible. Laughter was heard from the dining room. He wasn't late, but he wasn't early. The last thing he needed was to spend more time than necessary with Sofia. It would already be hell on his sanity sharing a wall with the girl.

Her bed pressed against the right wall.

His, the left.

Ah look, the fires of hell were to join him in his dreams. Lovely.

"Ash!" Dominique bellowed once Ash stepped into the room. "There you are." His eyes were wild, a bit frenzied, desperate.

Trying to decide what could cause The Beast such unrest, Ash was about to open his mouth when Samson sneezed, sending his chair backward, nearly colliding with one of the kitchen staff.

"Sorry," he muttered, wiping his nose with the napkin... the family heirloom sitting on the table.

Ah, Dominique was experiencing his own version of hell. Well, misery did like company.

Ash took a seat on the opposite end of the table, as far away from Dominique as possible, and glanced around at the few faces seated. Isabelle sat to Dominique's right, though she seemed to be leaning as far into her husband as humanely possible. Gerald sat on her other side, arms crossed, staring at the flickering candles. Perfect. He probably thought he would also capable of communicating with fire. Naturally.

David and Dunlin were deep in conversation on the left side of Dominique, seemingly normal. And Serafano was sleeping, his head on the table, and a small puddle of drool forming around his lips.

Benedict took his fork and poked Serafano in the nose, causing a snort to erupt from his mouth before he clamped his lips together and continued snoozing.

"Wonderful dinner," Isabelle said through clenched teeth, and then she elbowed Dominique in the side. He reached for his wine, drank the entire thing, and held it out again for a refill.

"Princess!" Serafano shouted in his sleep.

Cornelius spilled his wine onto the table and swore. "She will be down soon. She's safe, Serafano. Remember, we're in London."

Serafano lifted his head and blinked a few times. "London?"

"Ah, there she is!" Dominique stood and pushed his chair back from the table. "My dear, why don't you have a seat...?" His eyes grazed the misfit guard and then fell on Ash. Bloody hell. "There's a seat by Ash. Why don't you sit near him so he can keep you... safe."

Ha. Safe.

More danger on this side of the table, but to each his own. Ash would just have to keep a fork in his grip and poke himself every time he was tempted to reach for her hand, her smooth hips, her thighs... Dear God, her thighs would be damn-near touching his.

"Ash?" Dominique inquired, his eyebrows lifting. "Did you hear what I said?"

"No." Ash cleared his throat. "Apologies, I was... inspecting the... silverware."

"For what? Spots?" Dominique rolled his eyes. "I said... I'll be hosting a ball tomorrow evening. I'd like for you and Sofia to discuss some rules and regulations so that she's entirely prepared for the onslaught of gentlemen who will be cheerfully seeking her hand."

"I'm sorry." Ash reached for his wine, suddenly feeling his throat tighten. "What exactly am I supposed to discuss with her?"

"Your whereabouts at all times... possible hand signals Sofia can give you when she feels safe enough to dance with a gentleman, and ones she can use when she needs you for an escape."

"Nobody said anything about dancing."

Dominique grinned. "No? Apologies on my... oversight."

"Oversight my ass."

"What was that?" Dominique glared.

"I'd love a glass," Sofia interrupted, lifting her empty glass into the air for wine then elbowing Ash with her free arm.

The first course was served amidst the chaos of sneezing, laughter, flame staring, an unfortunate soup incident where Serafano almost lost his life next to a pea... and then blessed silence as the second course was served.

"Hand signals," Sofia whispered. "I should like to see what your creative mind comes up with."

"The signal I'm thinking is most improper." Ash narrowed his gaze. "And would most likely get you kicked out of the ball. Care to see it?"

"Ah, a demonstration. Only if you show my dear cousins first."

"Tap your glass with your fork, and I cannot be held responsible for my actions. They involve frogs, your bedroom, and a bucket of cold water."

"Tsk tsk, a gentleman never speaks of a lady's bedroom."

"And a lady never throws a gentleman under the table... especially one so old as this one."

"Hmm." Sofia tilted her head. "Fine, the first signal when I'm feeling comfortable with the fine gentleman."

"Yawn," Ash said in a dry voice, feeling quite confident the action would be a natural one, all things considered.

Sofia's lips curved into an amused smile as she turned her ice blue eyes on him, damn uncomfortable chairs. "But won't he take that as an offense?"

"I didn't say to yawn loudly." Ash met her smile with one of his own. "Simply tap your fingertips against your lips. He'll be too distracted by that simple motion to think of anything else but-"

A sort of alarm went off in Ash's head, warning him to stop talking, but he always did charge toward danger willingly.

"But?" Sofia leaned forward, her breasts damn-near tumbling from her simple white gown.

"But..." Ash swallowed and looked away. "...what a lovely mouth you have."

"Is that a compliment or a completely indifferent observation?"

"Does it matter?"

"I don't know... does it?"

Ash opened his mouth then closed it and reached for his wine to keep his hands from either strangling her for asking such an obtuse question or pulling her into his lap and pressing his mouth against hers. "When you feel afraid, we'll need a signal for that. After all, your life truly is in danger."

"Spoken like a true soldier."

He grunted.

"I'll wink."

"Pardon?" Ash's eyebrows knit together. "You'll wink when you're afraid?"

"Well, screaming seems so typical, and I do hate to waste a good scream."

"Don't we all?" Ash licked his lips, focusing his attention on the dimple by her right cheek. "Good screams are hard to come by."

"Very," Sofia agreed. "And I'd much rather scream from excitement than fear. Wouldn't you?"

"Excitement." Ash nodded. "Pleasure." Damn and hell, he'd said that out loud, hadn't he?

Sofia blushed.

Yes. Yes, he had.

"I wouldn't know." Sofia boldly met his gaze. "But I'd be interested to find out."

"No. No, you wouldn't."

"I would."

"No."

"So argumentative."

"Not happening." Ash scooted his chair back, causing the entire focus of the dinner conversation to turn toward him. Heads tilted, forks dropped, eyes focused in on him and Sofia. He wasn't sure whether he should storm out or simply lift his glass in cheers.

"We've agreed on a few terms..." Sofia said, rescuing him. "I believe tomorrow night will go quite splendidly."

"Perfect." Dominique's shoulders relaxed. "I mean, no offense, Sofia. I need to keep you safe at all costs. You must stay safe, and you must marry soon. I fear your stepmother will either send someone after you or come herself. It is necessary that you have the protection of a husband and a family behind you."

"I know." Sofia's voice was soft, beaten.

"Only a titled gentleman will do," Dominique said, almost to himself. He reached for his wife's hand and gave it a squeeze. "I'm sure we'll find a wonderful match for you."

Sofia nodded, her back straight, her posture rigid.

And in that moment Ash missed the conversation, the banter, no matter how forbidden. He knew it was important she marry and marry well. He knew better than most what greed could do to a person, how it could blind even the most solid of characters. And her stepmother seemed to be on the opposite end of the spectrum, meaning she would stop at nothing to gain control of Sofia or kill her in order to obtain it.

Marriage was her only way out.

Which was a pity.

Considering an arranged marriage would not end up with her screams of pleasure in bed or wicked evenings with a lover.

But cold... lonely nights.

And if she just so happened to find a man willing to give her the first? Well, he'd simply kill him.

And find an elderly duke with a lazy eye and be done with the whole thing.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Lusting is one thing. Following through with that lust? Quite another. So perhaps I was staring too long... perhaps I was imagining too many things, but as long as I did not act, I was safe. As long as I did not give in, I would honor my vow to stay celibate for as long as I remained on this earth. -The Grimm Reaper

IT WAS DARK, MOST likely nearing midnight, and Sofia still couldn't fall asleep. It seemed the world was working against her, for the very evening she needed sleep the most - the evening before she was to be launched onto the London ton - and she was sleepless.

Whose idea had it been to put both beds against the same wall?

At first, she hadn't given it a second thought.

But the wall was thinner, much thinner than she had originally imagined. In the silence of the night, she heard Ash stomping around his room, since the man clearly didn't know how to walk softly. It served as a reminder that he was an angry sort, bitter, scarred.

After the stomping came the snores.

And after the snores... the groaning, whimpering, as if someone were torturing him in his sleep.

Sofia pressed the pillow against her ears, but it was useless. She would never find sleep if the man continued to have nightmares all evening.

With a huff, she crawled out of bed, lit a candle, and opened the adjoining door. It gave a soft creak as it swung open. She lifted the candle toward the bed to shine light upon Ash.

Shirtless.

With a sheen of sweat running from his face all the way down his neck, the drops meting his shoulders and sliding further beneath the covers.

His olive skin was beautiful, almost on fire in the moonlight.

He moaned again. His head tossed back and forth as he reached his fingers up high, grasping at nothing but air. "Come back."

"Ash," Sofia whispered.

"She thought I was you..." he whimpered.

"Ash," Sofia sat on the bed, careful to stay away from his grasping hands as they continued to furiously tug at the air as if it would wake him from the nightmare or possibly save his soul. "Ash, wake up."

With a sob he jolted awake. His hands fell to his sides, and then he grabbed Sofia by her cotton night rail.

The candle fell from her hand and clamored to the floor, blanketing them both in darkness. Not a sound was made - nothing but Ash's heavy breathing. The acrid fragrance of pine mingled with the musky scent of sweat.

"I could have shot you." His voice was hoarse.

"You're welcome." She breathed. His hands were warm, still pressed against her body, tugging at the cloth nearest her breasts.

"For damn-near scaring me to death?" He seethed, tugging her closer.

So close she could feel the heat of his mouth tickling her neck.

"No," she whispered. "For interrupting the nightmare."

"I wasn't-" He swore. "Thank you. Now leave."

"No."

"Damn, but you'd try the patience of a saint."

"Probably shouldn't use your name and saint in the same reference, all things considered."

"Someone's mouthy at night. Then again, that mouth seems to have a problem closing when it's needed most."

"Are we discussing my mouth... again?" In bed, but she left that part out. Already her entire body was sizzling with awareness.

"I believe we were discussing your inability to close it."

"I'm sure my inability to close my mouth goes right along with your determination to touch me at every turn."

He released her.

Chilling disappointment quickly replaced the sizzle of heat.

"You should sleep." It was impossible to see his face, but the mattress had dipped, most likely from Ash trying to move away.

"I was worried." Sofia sighed. "You were talking in your sleep, groaning. That, mixed with my anxiety over the ball tomorrow, well... not the best remedy for sleeplessness, I'm afraid."

She rose from the bed.

Ash's hand shot out, griping her wrist, tugging her back to the mattress. "Why?"

"Why what?"

"Why are you nervous about tomorrow? You are finally getting exactly what you want - what you need. Doesn't every woman desire to marry?"

Sofia swallowed, giving herself a few seconds of preparation. "For love, yes."

"But you're a princess."

"Good of you to notice."

Ash snorted. "What I meant, Your Highness, is that you've been bred to marry for duty - not pleasure."

"Pity," she whispered.

"It is." His voice was hoarse. "It truly is."

"Are you feeling sympathy for me, soldier?"

Ash's soft chuckle may as well have been a kiss on the mouth. Warmth spread out to her fingertips, making them itch with the need to cup his face, trace his jaw with the pads of her fingers, memorize the stubble she knew she'd find there.

"I don't feel sympathy for cunning women."

"Compliments at midnight... I'm all aflutter, I assure you."

More soft laughter. "Go to bed, Princess."

"And count sheep? Would that be your suggestion?"

Ash exhaled loud enough to wake a bear then slowly stood and helped her to her feet. "Tell Dominique I did this, and we're back to frogs and buckets of water."

"I'm calling your bluff."

"Tell him, and we'll see now, won't we?"

"Well, I don't know what I'm telling or not telling..."

Ash placed his hand on the small of her back and led her to the other side of the room.

Defeated, she slumped her shoulders. So he was to push her out again?

"Stay here," Ash whispered, his hand leaving her body for a few seconds.

He quickly returned with two glasses and a candle, casting a glowing light on his face, and very bare chest. She sucked in a breath as she noted the tight muscles around his midsection, the scars, the markings.

"Eyes up here, Princess," Ash said with a gruff voice.

"S-sorry." She swallowed against the dryness in her throat and pointed to the glasses. "What is that?"

"Something to help you sleep."

"Oh."

"Well, it won't bite..." He lifted the glass to her. When Sofia took it, he lifted his midair. "Cheers."

"Do I just drink it?"

"Have you never had whiskey?"

"Princesses do not drink... spirits."

"Something tells me," Ash whispered, "that this princess...would like a little...rule-breaking before she sets off to the marriage mart."

Sofia gasped. "Are you offering?"

Ash went deathly quiet as she lifted the glass to her lips and took a tentative sip. It was strong, dry, but oddly warming. She tilted her head back allowing the liquid to pump through her system.

"You sure you've never had whiskey?" Ash asked once she'd handed the glass back to him.

"More."

With a chuckle, Ash hung his head. "One more, and then you need to rest."

He returned with both glasses filled. This time they clinked them together and then drank. The whiskey went down easier, but it still burned, creating a slow fire in her chest.

"Now..." Ash took her glass and set it on the table across the room with his. Then he made his way back to her with the candle in hand. "...you need to sleep."

Sofia nodded but didn't budge.

"In your own bed," he urged.

When Sofia still didn't move, on account that his body was looking more and more tempting as his muscles flexed with tension, he reached for her, his hand just grazing her arm. She jolted at his touch, causing his hand to fall to her breast, just grazing it before he pulled back with a sharply indrawn breath.

It was enough.

That simple touch was enough.

Perhaps it was the whiskey, maybe it was the whiskey combined with the touch, but it made her once again brave, and, of course, stupid, for she whispered, "Kiss me."

Ash swore under his breath.

"Or I'll tell Dominique about the whiskey."

"Bloody hell," Ash muttered, running his free hand through his silky black hair. "By God, I didn't expect that. You've outfoxed me. However did you manage it?"

"I'm cunning, remember?"

"I'm beginning to," Ash murmured then blew out the candle.

Sofia felt her legs touch the back of the mattress as he gently walked her backward then pushed her onto the bed. Her entire body arched toward him when he hovered over her, his strength pressed against her softness, causing a slow throb throughout her body.

"One kiss..." Both hands were cupping her face. "...and you'll never ask again."

"But-"

"I have your word?"

"Yes."

His soft lips pressed against hers, and then he pulled back.

Sofia almost groaned in frustration.

But then he was back, angling differently than before, his tongue rimming her bottom lip before pushing inside her mouth.

She gasped as his tongue touched hers. His lips were firm, the heat from his mouth mind-numbing as he deepened the kiss, running his hands from his face down to her shoulders. On instinct, she reached up and wrapped her arms around his neck.

A low, feral growl rumbled in his throat, and the kiss turned more frenzied; his mouth slammed against hers, devouring with every single second. His fingers burned everywhere they touched.

Ash pulled back.

"More," she begged. "Please."

"I cannot..." Breathing ragged, he slowly pried himself from her body.

"Why?"

"You mean other than the obvious? You're innocent? Preparing to be married to someone else? Unmarried and basically unclothed with a single man? Or would you rather I tell you the worst part of it all, the ending that isn't so happy?"

"I'd rather you be honest." Her voice was still hoarse, shaken from the intimacy they'd just shared.

"My heart isn't mine to give. It still belongs to the woman I loved - the woman I betrayed. So you cannot ask for something I do not have. It is because of her that I refuse to touch a woman. It is because of her that I've been celibate for ten years. And it is because of her that I will not kiss you again. Not now. Not ever. Goodnight, Princess. Sleep well."

The door shut behind him.

Darkness was her only comfort.

A warm tear rolled down her cheek. She reached to wipe it away, and her fingers fell to her lips. It was a beautiful kiss by a very dangerously beautiful man, who, in his own words, wanted nothing to do with her.

She could handle rejection based on propriety.

But rejection based on loving someone else?

It caused a pain in her chest that refused to rub away, no matter how many times she willed it. For Ash had experienced one thing that she never would. He'd had love.

He'd lost it.

But he'd still had love.

And she had nothing.

Except for the memory of a taken man's kisses.

A stolen kiss, meant for someone else.

And the promise that it would never be repeated. Those were not the thoughts for a happy sleep - but nightmares.

Sofia vowed to do better in the morning. To not show weakness. To follow through... she had no choice.

And maybe, just maybe, in the process of finding someone to marry - they'd kiss her at least once the way that Ash just had.

CHAPTER NINETEEN

It wasn't enough. And to top it off - I'd lied. But that's what villains do. They lie. I shouldn't have been surprised. -The Grimm Reaper

"ASH!" A BOOMING VOICE bellowed. "I'm going to murder you!"

Bloody hell, he knew about the kiss. Somehow he had spies in the form of whiskey and candles, and Ash was going to see his own murder firsthand.

Well, it was bound to happen sooner rather than later.

Slowly, Ash rose from his bed, careful not to rush. After all, if he was dying, he wasn't going to be quick about it.

The door to his room burst open.

Dominique stomped in, followed by Hunter and Pierce. Both men crossed their arms, ridiculously cheerful grins painted on their all too arrogant faces.

"Rough night, Dominique?" Ash sighed and went over to the washbasin. He nearly made it, but Dominique jerked him back by the shoulders and threw him against the floor.

Ash sighed from his view, looking up at Dominique towering over him. His dark eyebrows pinched together. Egad, throw a walnut between those lines, and the bloody thing would crack.

"Perhaps a bit of whiskey," Ash offered. "Takes the edge off."

"It's morning."

"Doesn't stop Pierce." Hunter interjected.

Ash pointed behind him. "He speaks the truth."

"We are not discussing Pierce..." Dominique spat. "...but you. We are discussing you."

"Yes, yes, my death." Ash fought a yawn. "Can you make it quick? After all, anticipation is everything."

"No. It shall be slow, with a dull knife." Dominique pulled a dagger from his jacket, a beast intent on killing.

Well, Ash had had a good run, and what better way to die? After all, he'd shared the most erotic and forbidden kiss of his life the night previous. He deserved to die, and if Dominique didn't kill him, he'd be tempted to do it again, that and much more.

"What are you waiting for?" Hunter asked.

"At least now we know who the bloodthirsty twin is." Pierce chuckled.

Ash continued to stare at his reflection against the sharp dagger, waiting for the inevitable, trying to calm himself. Hadn't he asked for death every day since she had met hers? Yet, the buzz of Sofia's kiss on his lips burned into his memory. Why not stay alive for one more? Just one more. Even though it was wrong, so very wrong. Wasn't he lying on his back in the middle of the floor for that very thing?

"Well?" Dominique asked. "Aren't you going to say something?"

"Er..." Ash coughed. "I'm sorry for... well, I'm just sorry."

"For what?" Dominique seethed.

"Existing?"

"Close."

"Breathing?"

"Better." His teeth snapped. Ash half-expected fire to erupt from Dominique's eyes.

Ash opened his mouth to speak.

"You slept in the same room!" The roar was quite loud and impressive, even for Dominique.

Wincing, Ash lifted his hands helplessly into the air. "I was doing my job, a job you commanded I do well, lest I find my body detached from my head. Were those not your exact words?"

"Yes but-"

"So, I protected her all night from men who would use her for their own personal form of bed sport. I protected her, didn't sleep a wink, and lived in my own personal hell while she tossed and turned on what could only be described as the most uncomfortable mattress ever created. And you want to kill me? For doing my duty? For doing a damn good job? Go ahead. I'll wait."

Dominique's brow furrowed.

"He always was good at talking himself out of a corner," Hunter said in a confident voice.

"I wonder who told." Pierce's voice cut in. "I was too drunk to remember."

"And I knew this would be his exact reaction," Hunter agreed.

"You knew?" Dominique roared, turning his sneer behind Ash toward Hunter and Pierce.

"But of course..." Footsteps neared Ash's head. Hoby boots that were shined to perfection framed his face from the floor as Hunter shrugged and pulled the knife carefully from Dominique's grip. "I was also clearly smart in my decision not to tell you what you clearly did not need to know. The girl is safe, untouched, happy... and soon to be wed. Now, about that whiskey-"

"Who told you?" Ash got up from his place on the floor, dusted off his body, then took a few steps away from Dominique, just in case the man had another sudden change in heart and felt the need to impale him in the chest.

"Montmouth." Dominique shrugged his heavy shoulders. "Seems the duke was needed in town and stopped by to explain the situation about putting both of you in the same room at the inn."

"That loose-lipped bastard son of a whore!" Hunter stomped his foot. "I'll meet him at dawn, brother, just say the word."

"Word." Pierce coughed.

Ash peered around Hunter and fought the urge to pull out his pistol to silence his partner. "Ever so helpful, aren't you, Pierce?"

"I do try." He grinned.

Ash's eyes narrowed. "Try harder."

"Nobody is shooting anyone!" A female voice rang out down the hall, and suddenly Isabelle was standing in the door, hands on hips. "Dominique! How dare you threaten our guests?"

Dominique's nostrils flared. "But he-"

"I don't care if he seduced her under our very roof! We simply do not pull weapons on family members until we hear their side of the story. Bloodthirsty Russians!" She stomped her foot.

"Love..." Dominique held up his hands. "...last I checked, I was the man."

"He has to check?" Hunter elbowed Ash and smirked.

Dominique growled. "And as the man, nay, the leader of this household, it is my job to..." He flailed his hands.

"Stop talking." Hunter slapped Dominique on the back. "Put the shovel back in the shed and step away from the hole you're about to tumble into."

Isabelle's eyes flashed.

Ash took a step back.

"My love-" Her smile was tense. "-I do hope that you do not get trampled by a horse this evening when I lock the leader of this household outside!"

"Now, Isabelle."

"Ash!" Isabelle yelled.

"My lady." Ash damn-near stumbled toward her.

"If you'd be so kind to accompany the princess and myself to Bond Street, I'd be most appreciative. I believe my husband will be otherwise detained while he tries to discover where his manhood has indeed run off to during this conversation."

Hunter snickered while Pierce covered his mouth and averted his eyes.

"Of course." Ash gave a slight bow. "Shall I meet you downstairs in twenty minutes?"

"Yes." Isabelle turned her attention back to her husband. "Well? Are you going to stand there or begin the grievous and humbling process of groveling?"

"Groveling." Hunter coughed. "Pick groveling."

"I'm sorry," Dominique muttered and walked slowly to Isabelle. When he reached her, he stretched out his hand.

She stared at it but finally took it and tugged him down the hall.

"Ah, if these walls could talk." Pierce sighed longingly. "Lucky bastard's going to get a good set down and enjoy at least fifteen minutes of aggressive lovemaking while we drink tea."

"Vivid imagination, that one." Hunter rolled his eyes. "Ash..."

Ash turned and faced his twin.

"Apologies. The minute I arrived at the house, Dominique was already in a mood. I tried to get him drunk, but the man wouldn't even take a sip of tea. It took the force of two men to keep him downstairs as long as we did."

Ash nodded, unwilling to trust his own voice to speak, mainly because he knew he was guilty of that and so much more. Not just sharing a room, but a bed, two forbidden kisses, and the inability to shake all of the above from his thoughts.

"Ash?" Pierce cocked his head to the side. "Say, are you all right? You look positively flushed."

"Having a knife pointed at my chest sometimes causes such ill effects. It will pass. Always does." Ash coughed to hide his discomfort. Perhaps it would also dislodge the forbidden thoughts racing through his mind.

"Well then..." Hunter slapped him on the back. "...we'll be off. I was only stopping by to discuss this night's festivities with my brother."

"Tonight?" Ash repeated.

"The ball." Hunter nodded. "Added security, compliments of the Crown. I'll have two of my best spies and, well... Pierce."

"Am I not the best?" Pierce's face fell.

"You're..." Hunter waved his hand in the air. "...a talented distraction."

Rolling his eyes, Pierce headed out the door, but Hunter stayed behind and gripped Ash by the arm, whispering in his ear with harshness. "Have a care, brother."

"Pardon?"

"Your face-" Hunter released his arm. "-is very telling. How was the kiss by the way? Long? Soft? Passionate?"

"I have no idea what you're talking about."

"You do." Hunter sighed, hanging his head. "And the problem is I want to encourage more of it, because, for the first time in years, the darkness has temporarily left your eyes. My advice-"

"Wasn't asking."

"When have I cared?"

Ash swore.

"She needs an English husband..."

"Are you just repeating things I already know? Is that your advice?"

Hunter grinned knowingly. "She needs an English titled husband, Lord Grimm."

Ash sucked in a breath as if he'd just been punched. Nobody had called him that in years - since her death, since his attempted suicide. He'd damn-near forgotten he had a title, let alone lands to go with it.

"Lord Grimm is dead," Ash whispered.

"Apparently not..." Hunter chuckled. "I'd wager he was very much alive during that kiss that you're denying never took place, and I'm sure he was very much alive when he shared a bed with the princess. Perhaps it is time to stop torturing yourself for something I never blamed you for in the first place. Perhaps it is time for peace."

"I thrive during war."

"And that statement alone brings great sadness, for war without love isn't worth fighting in the first place. Never will be."

With that, Hunter quit the room, leaving Ash even more confused and strung tight than before.

CHAPTER TWENTY

An eternity of drunken nights still won't cleanse my memory of the way she looked in that dress... A lifetime spent in hell wouldn't pull the smile from my face. Incredible. She looked incredible. -The Grimm Reaper

SHOPPING ON BOND STREET was an experience Sofia wasn't sure she'd ever forget. For one thing, Ash had accompanied them, which meant that every so often she'd catch him staring at her, only to have him jerk his head away when caught.

It was flattering.

Until she realized that he truly was going to keep good on his promise to stay away. Each time she'd tried to graze him with her fingertips or even engage in conversation, he had immediately shut her down.

At least he had until the dress had happened...

There was nothing that extravagant about it at first. Isabelle urged Sofia to try it on; she said the white was beautiful in contrast to her sharp features and dark hair.

So, with little darts of anticipation running through her, Sofia tried on the dress. It helped that it would need very little altering.

The bodice was tighter than Sofia was used to, dipping low in the front, only to pull tight around her shoulders, leaving the back completely bare - scandalous to be sure, but the part that had Sofia gaping was the skirt. It seemed to be completely see-through, giving perfect view of her legs, only to have more material cover, giving a peekaboo effect. At times, one could see skin; when she twirled, nothing but dress. Crystals lined the fabric all the way down to the floor - to say it was heavy was an understatement. The dress was meant for the Royal Court - or probably had been, but deemed too scandalous.

A red ribbon strewn through the empire waist completed the outfit.

That one red piece flowed all the way down her back and disappeared into the skirts.

"Perfect." Isabelle breathed when Sofia twirled.

The dressmaker began to weep.

Ash swore violently.

And then silence.

"Are you sure?" Sofia turned again. "It isn't too much?"

"For royalty?" The dressmaker sniffed. "Oh, my dear, it is... my greatest creation." More eye dabbing. "You shall be famous."

"She's already a princess," Ash grumbled.

"What was that, Ash?" Isabelle turned. "Is the dress not to your liking?"

His green eyes heated as he scanned Sofia from head to toe, his lips pressed together, a reflection of the frown furrowing his brow. "It's passable... for a dress."

Sofia's stomach clenched.

Silly of her to think he'd say anything more in front of Isabelle and a stranger, but would it kill him to smile? A simple compliment would do.

"Perhaps a different dress, then?" Sofia forced herself to sound cheerful, even though she was ready to burst into tears. Why was it so important that she gain Ash's approval? Two kisses.

They'd shared two kisses.

Hardly anything worth mentioning.

Except... it was all she could think about.

She was drawn to him, even though, most of the time, he had manners of a complete ass.

"Gloves!" The dressmaker clapped. "She'll have red gloves."

"Isn't red the color of scandal?" Sofia asked.

Red gloves were pressed against her hands. Silk whispered against her palm - it would be the height of decadence to wear them.

"These will suit you beautifully!" the dressmaker gushed.

The gloves fit perfectly, resting just above her elbows.

The red matched the sash.

"Bloody hell," Ash muttered.

"What was that?" Isabelle asked loudly.

"She'll be the bell..." Ash sighed. "...of the ball."

Sofia squinted at herself in the mirror. The dress was divine, the gloves shockingly scandalous. "Are you sure?"

"Russians-" Isabelle pulled Sofia in for a kiss. "-are not forced to restrict themselves to English society rules. You, my dear, are a princess. You need to stand out, and stand out you will, because every single unattached gentleman will know your name by the end of the evening."

Sofia smiled in the mirror.

Ash's expression was cold as he stared back at her through the glass, as if the idea of her wearing the dress was about as exciting as drinking a cup of bitter tea.

"Very well." Sofia nodded. "If you say so."

"I do." Isabelle squeezed her again. "Now, let's find a few more dresses for Madame to work on this week. We'll need them finished as fast as possible."

"Of course, Your Highness!" The dressmaker curtsied then hurried off in another direction while Sofia made her way back to change.

She should have kept walking.

She should have ignored Ash's hand as it tugged on her arm.

Just like she should have ignored the fluttering in her belly.

But she didn't.

Because she craved his attention - his touch. For no reason other than he'd shown her searing passion in a lifetime filled with cold indifference.

"Is it so horrible?" Sofia whispered, keeping her head down.

Ash's hand remained on her arm as he led her deeper into the store where she'd changed earlier.

"Ash?"

He held his fingertips to her lips.

She jolted at the touch.

Once they were as far as they could go without clamoring through the wall and into the next store, Ash stopped and faced her. "The dress... you cannot mean to wear it in public."

"Where else would I wear it?" She crossed her arms self-consciously.

He inhaled sharply. "Please, refrain from crossing your arms."

"Why?"

"Why?" He sneered. "She asks why!" He looked away, complete disgust morphing his features into something angry and hard.

Sofia shrank back.

"Why?" He tilted her chin toward his mouth. "Because I can see your breasts, not just a tease of your breasts, but the entire damn front of your chest. One tiny slip, and I'd have but a handful."

Sofia gasped but didn't step away.

"One false move," he whispered, his eyes heating, "and I'm able to see all the way up your calf to... your thigh."

Her breath hitched.

"And it makes a man want... Sofia. I may have self-control, God knows I haven't exactly been exercising it these past few days, something I'm going to remedy, you have my word... but do you truly want to captivate the attention of men who'd rather seduce you than marry?"

He likely had no idea how his words hurt. Because even though the dress was scandalous, she'd felt pretty. After getting her long ebony hair cut off, she hadn't felt pretty for a while. After running for her life - after finding Peter in bed with her stepmother - pretty wasn't something she believed in anymore. Pretty was a fairytale... and this dress made her believe that it was possible again.

Hot tears threatened to fall. She held them in, desperate not to show weakness. Ash appreciated strength, not weakness.

"No." Her lower lip trembled. "I just want to be loved. But that's silly, you've said as much." She jerked away from his touch. "And if I can't be loved, I may as well try, as hard as I am able, to marry myself off. After all, anything is better than being dead. Apologies that my looks repulse you so much."

She tried to sidestep him, but Ash caught her arm again, this time pressing her back against the wall until his legs were pressing into hers, the entire length of his body pulsating with heat.

"Listen to me closely," he whispered hoarsely, his lips tickling her ear. "You will always be the most beautiful woman in the room... whether or not you wear this dress." His hand slid down her sides, tickling the flesh. "Or even if you attire yourself in servants' clothing, you make the dress, not the other way around. Now push me away before I do something we'll both regret."

She didn't push him away.

And he didn't move.

Not at first.

His lips left her ear, grazing her cheekbone.

A shudder wracked her body.

"Sofia?" Isabelle called. "Are you finished?"

"No..." Sofia gripped Ash's face with her hands. "...not even close."

Their mouths collided in a frenzy. He tasted like spice - warm, comforting, blazing hot.

His hands cupped her bottom as he lifted her against his body.

And then-

He dropped her back to her feet.

She stumbled backward, nearly colliding with a yard of fabric.

"Hurry!" Isabelle called. "We must return for luncheon."

"Yes..." Sofia called, narrowing her gaze on Ash. "...and I'm starved."

He closed his eyes and groaned. "You live to torture don't you, Princess?"

"Just proving a point." She gave a watery smile.

Ash smiled, his green eyes still haunted. "Remind me to flee next time you dare prove another."

"A sneak attack is always best..." She moved past him.

"No more kisses, Princess."

"We'll see," she whispered under her breath, soliciting another string of curses from Ash.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

Bloody hell, rescue me from marriage-minded women, either that, or at least make sure a fellow's foxed enough before he embarks on a Season. -The Grimm Reaper

ASH TAPPED HIS FOOT against the marble floor, watching as bodies collided in what could only be described as the crush of the century. The ball was a raging success. Unfortunately, that meant playing nursemaid, the young princess was taking a lot more concentration and - bloody hell, did she have to put rosewater on her skin this evening?

Bad enough that he was forced to follow her around like a trained lap dog. The great Grimm Reaper... chaperoning at a ball.

Tamed.

Trained.

He sighed, patting his fitted jacket. At least he still carried a pistol; it reminded him of who he was - what he was.

He tugged at his cravat, smoothing the material down again, and sighed as Sofia's laugh raised every alarm his body possessed. The damn hair on his arm even stood at attention - amongst other things. Bloody inconvenient to be wearing silk trousers. But Dominique had insisted that Sofia's... escort... be in the height of fashion.

So the valet had dressed Ash up like a peacock. A very depressed, aroused, purple-and-black-looking peacock.

More laughter from Sofia. He made his way through the crowd, careful to look interested in the dance still continuing on the floor.

Several gentlemen had gathered around Sofia; one had placed his hand on the small of her back, claiming her in front of the rest of the idiots.

Sofia glanced at Ash and winked.

That was his cue.

With smooth movements, he cut through the crowd of gentlemen, thankful that his height and strength easily made men take more than a glance.

"Your Highness." Ash bowed over her hand. "The dance you promised?"

"Silly me..." Sofia's eyelashes fluttered as she brought her hand to her chest. "...it must have slipped my mind!"

"Not mine," Ash said confidently. "How could I forget a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to dance with royalty?"

A little thick, yes, but women hovering close by sighed in unison.

The Grimm Reaper, it seemed, possessed a heart. Marriage-minded mamas be damned, if they got any ideas.

"Ah, the music starts." Ash tugged her closer. "Shall we?"

She inclined her head just as the man who had been touching her gave her side a little touch and said, "Will you return?"

Sofia blinked, a croak escaping between her lips.

"The princess," Ash said lightly, "must make her introductions to the Duke of Tempest as well as the Duke of Banbury."

The man's face fell and then pinched.

Ash pulled her away before the men could grumble further. It was the second dance they'd shared that evening - and needed to be the last, lest people get the idea that he was courting her.

Which he wasn't.

Regardless of what Hunter had alluded to, Ash wasn't selfish enough to seduce a woman who, when she discovered the monster inside, would want nothing to do with him.

His heart did not work properly - broken, that's what it was. The pain in his chest was evidence that he would eventually die from the bullet lodged between his ribs, slowly making its way toward the broken shattered pieces where she used to reside.

Loving a ghost - nobody ever said it was easy, nor intelligent, but there it was. Perhaps he just loved the memory of her.

Maybe it wasn't love. Maybe it was just regret with a hint of bitterness.

"Penny for your thoughts," Sofia whispered, once they had started the waltz.

"They are worth so much more, Princess. Can you afford them?"

"That is not the question."

"No?" His eyebrows arched. "Tell me what is?"

"Are you able to afford the high cost of telling?" She looked deep into his eyes, forcing him to look away.

Weakness taunted him, made him want to challenge her further, but he was tired, exhausted, and that weakness made her dangerous, made him dangerous to her.

"Any gentleman catch your eye?" he asked, numbly going through the motions of the dance as he held his breath for her answer.

"One," she said softly.

Ash's heart dropped to his throat. "Oh? Pray tell who the lucky fellow is."

Sofia's smile was brilliant. "He's a touch mad."

"Reassuring." Ash gritted his teeth.

"But so very good-looking."

"Well, looks trump madness any day," he said sarcastically.

Sofia nodded. "My thoughts exactly."

"It was a joke."

"But you didn't smile. Your delivery was off." She winked.

"Apologies. Next time I'll laugh when discussing your future with a mad husband. Sleep with a pistol under your pillow, and you should do just fine."

"I'm sure he does."

"Pardon?"

"Sleep with a pistol."

"Who the hell is this man..." He seethed. "...that he would sleep with a pistol and dare court you when he's mad!"

"Oh, he won't court me." Her face fell.

"Bloody brilliant of him." Ash clenched his teeth, tugging her closer to his body. "Pick someone else."

"But I cannot."

"Why?"

"Because he's kissed me."

Ash gripped her waist so tightly he was afraid he was injuring her, but it could not be helped. If he released her, he'd slay every single man in his vicinity. "The bastard touched you?"

"Well, to be fair, I asked him."

"Son of a-" The dance ended. With a jerk, Ash pulled Sofia down the hall to Dominique's office. When he was certain they hadn't been followed, he shoved her into the room, slammed the door, and locked it. "You cannot simply go around asking young men for kisses!"

"I see." Sofia clenched her hands in front of her dress. She lifted her eyes to meet his gaze. "And what if he'd tried desperately to refuse me?"

"Then I'd say have a care for the poor soul. Saying no to you is harder than going to war."

Her smile was brilliant, easy. "So if faced with a certain proposition... would you say no to me?"

Ash's eyes narrowed. "What are you about?"

"It's simple really..." Sofia played with the necklace around her delicate neck. "I want you to seduce me."

Ash damn-near swallowed his tongue. "Come again?"

"Four weeks, well..." She frowned. "Technically, it's more like three. I have three weeks, and that kiss - heavens, that kiss - I cannot push it away from my thoughts, and I just... well, if we did more than kiss, if we-"

Ash held up his hand. "No more! There will be no more discussion of this."

"But it's tempting..." Sofia arched her eyebrows then crossed her arms.

Saucy wench knew exactly what she was doing. Ash chose to stare at the curtains and think of Pierce naked.

"...isn't it?"

"Absolutely not," he lied, as the fires of hell laughed from below. "No, please tell me you haven't propositioned this other gentleman?"

"I'm afraid I have."

Ash clenched his fists at his sides. "Sofia-"

"You. He's you." She walked slowly toward him, her hips swaying seductively. "Three weeks, Ash."

Damn it. She'd said his name; it sounded so good on those brightly rouged lips.

Suddenly dizzy, he stumbled backward, only to find himself trapped by the door that he'd shut, the door he'd locked. Bloody brilliant assassin now, wasn't he? Could kill a man without a thought, but, faced with a beautiful woman, and suddenly he'd forgotten how to string sentences together and had been brought to his knees by the sound of his own name on her lips.

"No," he whispered. "You cannot ask me to forgo a vow I made ten years ago, just so you can selfishly experience pleasure."

"You're right." Sofia hung her head.

"I am?" he clipped. "I mean, I am. Yes. Yes, I am often right when it comes to these things." Dear God, he was sweating. Profusely.

"I'll just have to ask someone else.... Say, is Pierce in attendance?"

Ash slammed his hand against the door. "The hell you will."

"But..." She tilted her head in innocence. "...you just said no."

"You won't do it." His eyes narrowed. "You talk quite large for being so small."

She grinned. "Yes or no?"

"No." Yes, yes, yes.

"Fine." She gently pushed him to the side. "I have a few dances to finish."

"You won't really..." He couldn't finish the sentence on account his voice had decided not to work, just like his heart had decided it needed to pound out of his chest and fall to the floor so she could squish it with her slippers.

"I guess you shall have to wait and see."

"I'm calling your bluff."

"Call all you want, Ash..." She reached up on her tiptoes and whispered in his ear. "...but my offer ends at midnight."

"Offer?" He choked. "This isn't done, Sofia, you'll ruin yourself you'll-"

"I'm a Russian princess. I want passion. If you won't show me... then I'll find someone who will. Good evening, soldier."

The door clicked softly as she closed it behind her.

She left.

She bloody left.

Ash paced the room, wearing the floorboards into oblivion. After pouring himself what was most likely four fingers of whiskey and tilting it back, he returned to the ball.

Only to find Pierce dancing with Sofia.

Damn cravat! He tugged at it again, irritation making his fingers itch to pull the trigger on his pistol in Pierce's general direction.

The dance ended.

Pierce held Sofia's hand to his lips, pressing a kiss to her fingertips, before saying something else that had the woman laughing so loud that it had gained attention from at least ten different couples.

Pierce led her from the dance floor then looked behind him. What the devil was he doing? They walked arm in arm toward the balcony.

"Pierce looks happy tonight," Hunter said, suddenly appearing to Ash's right and damn-near stopping his heart.

"I hadn't noticed."

"Ha!" Hunter elbowed him. "I guess she could do worse."

"Pardon?"

"Baron." Hunter shrugged. "Pierce has a barony. Of course, it's nothing compared to your title but... it only makes sense that she would seek comfort from someone familiar."

Ash stared after them as they disappeared outside. "But she's... she would never- It's Pierce! A thought occurs once every week for the man, and, even then, it's usually about whores and whiskey!"

Hunter shrugged. "If one cannot have love, at least one can have companionship. Besides, he's a bit of a rake. He'll do just fine to satisfy what the girl clearly wants."

"Wants?"

"A marriage with passion."

Ash shoved his brother out of the way and stomped toward the balcony doors. Passion? She wanted passion? He'd show her passion, in the form of a handprint on her backside.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

Choking one's friend with one's bare hands did have its merits... I am not called The Grimm Reaper because it rhymes, now am I? -The Grimm Reaper

SOFIA RELEASED PIERCE'S ARM the minute the fresh night air hit her face. Closing her eyes, she sighed and hugged her arms to her chest.

"He'll follow," Pierce said from behind her. "Though if I gain a bullet through the head, my death rests upon your shoulders."

She turned. "Surely he won't shoot first, then ask what we're about once you've stopped breathing!"

Pierce's dark eyebrows shot up, nearly meeting his messy blond hair. "Oh pardon, do you know the mind of that man better than I? Been by his side for five years. He bloody well would shoot first and ask questions later."

"So, you risk your life for me?"

"Damsel." Pierce pointed at Sofia and shrugged. "Distress. It's my siren's call."

She pressed her lips together to keep from laughing out loud. "Heavy burden to carry, I'm sure."

"Oh very." Pierce nodded solemnly. "But someone has to be the hero. I always imagine it should be a good-looking chap with the ability to undress a woman with one hand."

Sofia felt her cheeks heat as Pierce grinned seductively.

"As tempting as it seems..." His teeth flashed. "...I believe there is someone who wants you more."

"He says he doesn't."

"All men lie." Pierce nodded. "Lesson number one."

"And lesson number two?"

"All men lie."

"But that's lesson number one?"

"And two." A smile slid across his face. "It bears repeating twice, on account that women rarely listen to me when I say it."

"Probably because-" Sofia shook her head. "Never mind."

"Lesson number three..." Pierce took her hand and led her to the edge of the balcony that overlooked the rose garden. "All men are asses."

"Agreed."

"Especially ones named Ash. Why, take the H away add in an S... it's simple subtraction, addition..." He pointed at his temple. "...math."

"Clearly you're a genius."

"I was a child prodigy and all that." Pierce examined his nails. "And the final lesson?"

"Yes?"

"No, more often than not, means yes... not just yes. I imagine, in Ash's head, it's a whimpering yes followed by a shout and then complete and utter fear."

"So no means yes, and Ash is afraid?"

"Ash has but one fear."

Sofia leaned in.

"Himself," Pierce whispered. "Have a care... Princess, that you do not make that fear worse than it already is."

"I wouldn't..." Sofia shook her head. "I would never... I simply-" She liked Ash, more than she should. She wanted him, more than she'd wanted anything in her life.

"Oh, one final lesson." Pierce glanced at the door then reached for Sofia. His head hovered near hers. "The no turns to a yes when faced with one thing."

"What's that?"

He smirked and tilted her chin toward him. "Jealousy."

His mouth touched hers just as the door to the balcony opened.

Ash shouted, barreling toward them.

Sofia let out a little squeak as Pierce pushed her away and then, with a bow, jumped over the balcony and into the rose garden. Granted, the fall was only a few feet, but it had to have hurt, tangling with the thorny bushes.

All she saw in the darkness was the silhouette of Pierce running for his life then tripping and falling into the duck pond.

"I hope they eat him!" Ash seethed.

"The fish?"

"The ducks," he snarled. "I have a sudden intense desire to see all of God's creatures attack Pierce within an inch of his life."

"He did nothing wrong."

Ash leaned over the balcony, his shoulders hunched, his face indifferent as he watched the night sky.

Sofia was afraid to speak.

So she stood next to him, waiting for the set down, waiting for the scolding. But it never came.

Instead, Ash cursed under his breath. "Three weeks."

Sofia nodded, not trusting herself to speak.

"And you marry."

"Yes," she whispered.

More cursing.

Was the idea that repugnant?

Ash slammed his hand against the railing. "I was damned the minute I saw you."

"What do you mean?"

"Damned the minute you opened that mouth... damned if I do, damned if I do not." With a jerk, he tugged her body against his and slammed his mouth against hers.

She wrapped her arms around him. Was he saying yes? Was this yes?

"This changes nothing." He panted against her mouth. "I'll give you your three weeks, but this changes nothing."

"All right."

But they both knew... it would change everything.

Because the kisses they'd shared were not symbols of merely physical lust, but something more, something beneath the surface, waiting for the right time to break through.

Sofia only hoped she would be around - to survive it.

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

Fear is a tragic thing-for it keeps me from what I want the most. And in this moment I want to imagine a life where fear is no longer present, where I'm free to claim what will never be mine. -The Grimm Reaper

ONE IN THE MORNING, and Ash was ready to call the evening. He stood at a distance while Sofia excused herself from Dominique and Isabelle.

Dominique met his gaze with a challenging frown as if to say, "Well, follow her!"

If only The Beast knew what lay in wait for Ash that evening - for Sofia as well - he sure as hell wouldn't rush him or insist he follow the innocent princess to her bedroom.

The seven guards were standing along the hallway, blocking all rooms.

"What have we here?" Ash asked, irritated that the men would take their jobs so seriously when Ash had everything more than covered.

"Orders..." Cornelius nodded seriously. "...from Master Pierce."

"Pierce?" Ash repeated. "What the devil did he order you to do?"

"Stand watch," Gerald grumbled while Serafano hid a yawn behind his hand.

"Don't forget we are to break into the rooms using force if necessary, if we hear but a squeak from the princess!" David nodded his head.

"A squeak, you say?" Ash clenched his teeth until they ached.

A drenched Pierce made his way down the hall. "Oh, lovely and right on time. Did you enjoy the ball, Princess?"

Sofia grinned. "I did, though the highlight was when-"

"Bed." Ash pointed. "You should rest."

Her eyes narrowed.

Pierce's smile grew. "I say... won't you sleep so much better tonight knowing that these... very brave gentleman are willing to pound down the door if they hear one small... tiny whimper?"

Ash was going to kill him.

Strangling one's friend was most likely frowned upon, but Ash had already decided he'd been doomed to hell the minute he'd agreed to Sofia's little proposition. How the hell was he supposed to show her pleasure and be quiet about it?

His body gave a shudder.

"Where there's a will there's a way, I always say." Pierce chuckled.

"Be irritating elsewhere," Ash snapped.

Pierce sauntered by Ash and addressed the guard. "Remember what I said, gentlemen. The princess's safety..."

And her innocence, thought Ash.

"...is in your very capable hands. No intruders, no noises, any screaming - and you do what?"

Benedict raised his hand tentatively and whispered, "Break down the door."

"With an ax!" bloodthirsty Gerald shouted, causing an immediate ache between Ash's ears.

"Right." Pierce chuckled. "Right you are!"

Ash grabbed Pierce by the collar the minute Sofia had stepped into her room and closed the door. "What are you about?"

"Protection. Duty. Saving the princess's honor..." His voice trailed off as he jerked away from Ash's grip. "I take it you agreed to her little... offer?"

"What the devil do you know about her offer?"

Pierce blinked. "Of friendship."

"Oh." Ash coughed. "Er... yes, we've decided to be... good friends."

"Chums?"

"Absolutely."

"Lovely." Pierce nodded. "One could always use more friends... of the female sex."

"Better than friends of the male sex who find it their personal mission in life to make mine a living hell."

"But Ash..." Pierce put his hand across his heart. "...I'm merely protecting your friend."

"From what?" He damn-near roared.

"Intruders." Pierce winked. "Of the friendly nature."

"Damn you."

"Sleep well, friend... and do be quiet. You wouldn't want the rest of the house waking up because you decided to rub your friend's-"

"Cease talking."

"-back." Pierce nodded. "Gets the aches out."

"Leave."

"Leaving." Pierce's dark chuckle had Ash almost running after him, tumbling down the stairs, and pulling his pistol.

"If you need anything..." one of the guards said. Ash had no idea which one was speaking. "...anything at all-" A sneeze interrupted the man's speech. Ah, Samson. "-just tell us."

Ash turned around.

"Or think it." Gerald nodded. "Simply think help, and I'll know. Been training up here, I have." He pointed at his chest.

David quickly raised Gerald's hand to point to his head.

"How reassuring," Ash clipped. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm exhausted."

They parted much like the Red Sea, allowing him access to his room. He quickly entered, slammed the door behind him, and locked it so they couldn't barge in when they heard a fly buzzing around.

With a groan of frustration, Ash slowly made his way to the bed and stopped dead in his tracks.

"So," Sofia whispered, "the three weeks start tonight."

"You'll be the death of me." Ash groaned, wiping his face with his hands. "The very death."

Sofia stood, her dress, what was left of it, fell to the ground in a heap, leaving her in nothing but her stays. "Help me undress?"

"That depends," he said gruffly, clearly jumping into the madness she'd created with both feet. "Are you able to keep quiet?"

She laughed softly. "Why would I need to keep quiet? You're merely undressing me."

"Ah..." Ash moved slowly toward her. "And that is where your innocence betrays you. Undressing is not so simple as you think. It involves... touching..." He angled his head toward her breasts. "...caressing..." A soft chuckle worked its way past his lips. "...and, if you're lucky, a bit of biting."

Her breath hitched.

"Scream, and I stop," he warned

"And if I want you to do more?" Her chest heaved.

"Easy." Ash tugged one of the strings, causing her to stumble into his arms as he whispered across her mouth, "You say please."

Wide eyes stared back at him, whether in shock or arousal, he wasn't sure.

"Turn," he instructed.

Slowly, she turned while Ash took his time, tugging the strings of her corset.

With each tug, her body fell a little closer to his. Smirking, he ran his knuckles along her bare flesh.

She shuddered, a little moan escaping her mouth.

"Passion..." Another tug. "...is not just the act of making love."

"But-"

"Ah, stand still."

Sofia huffed.

"Passion can be as simple..." His fingers danced along her spine where the corset had already loosened. "...as one simple graze."

Goose flesh rose across her ivory skin.

"Or..." Another tug. "...it can be a simple look... a simple promise without using words."

"You..." Her voice croaked. "But you promised three weeks of-"

"Passion." With one final tug, the corset fell to the ground around her ankles. "And that's exactly what I aim to do."

Sofia turned, her arms covering her breasts. "Do you not want me... in a... familiar way."

Truly? All she needed to do was look down, and she'd see just how much he wanted her, how damn much he wanted to press her soft body against the bed and take her in as many ways as he remembered how.

"Of course," he whispered gently. "But not yet. When that time comes, it will only be because you beg me, and even then, I may say no."

"Wh-why?" Her body shivered, eyes large with innocence.

"Because..." Ash reached for her shoulders, pulling her closer as he started picking the pins from her hair. "...you're too pure. I'm afraid I may tarnish you in the most intimate way possible. How would that be fair to your future husband?"

Her head hung.

"Even more so..." He tilted her chin back up. "...how would that be fair to you?"

"Perhaps I should be the judge of what's fair and what isn't." Her arms dropped to her sides as she leveled him with a haughty gaze.

"Play with fire, Princess, and it may blaze out of control. Tell me, are you ready for the burn?"

"Yes."

Good God, had she answered any other way, he would have walked in the other direction and slammed the door. Had she merely hesitated or taken a breath before speaking, he would have found the strength to stop. Instead, her eyes never left his. For one so innocent to have the amount of confidence that she had? Hell, the woman could rule the world with one of those looks.

Ash nodded and placed the pins on the nearest table then approached the bed again. "Then lie down."

Her brow furrowed.

"Trouble with instructions, Princess?"

"But I thought we weren't-"

"Lie down."

She scurried to the bed and lay down, her smooth body creating a gorgeous lithe painting against the satin sheets.

Ash suppressed a groan and removed his jacket, which complicated things, considering its snug fit. Next came his shirtsleeves, followed by his shoes and then his trousers, leaving him in nothing but his small clothes.

"Ash?"

"I'm going to blow out the candles."

She said nothing while Ash blew out both candles and blanketed the room in moonlight.

"Ash, perhaps I was a bit forward in asking you to-"

"Shh..." He pressed his fingers against her mouth and then bestowed a gentle kiss on her cherry red lips. "Sleep."

"Oh, but... oh."

"Your first lesson in passion..." Ash pulled her into his arms and whispered against her rose-scented hair. "Anticipation is everything. Now sleep."

She relaxed in his embrace. Within minutes, she was breathing deep, clearly exhausted.

Which left Ash damned uncomfortable.

Holding a woman he could not have.

Ten years he'd gone without holding a woman.

Eleven years ago he'd wanted a woman, but she hadn't been his to want.

It seemed like a cruel twist of fate that history was repeating itself. Only this time he'd have a taste, but never his fill.

Life was punishing him all over again for his bad choices, punishing him in the form of the most beautiful woman he'd ever laid eyes on.

Keeping her a virgin wasn't just a necessity for her own honor and purity.

But for his own sanity, because he knew that once he shared such intimacy with her - and was forced to give that up? He would be in the same position he'd been in ten years earlier.

Sitting in the cemetery with a pistol pointed beneath his chin.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

Some women spend their lives trying to look as beautiful as she did... while she slept. -The Grimm Reaper

SUNLIGHT STREAKED THROUGH THE room. Sleepily, Sofia sat up, stretching her arms around her head. When she glanced at the spot next to her in the bed, she panicked. Where was Ash?

And then she realized.

She was no longer in his room, but hers. Sometime during the night, he'd brought her back to her room. She hadn't even thought of the ramifications of what would take place if she'd been found in his. The servants knew to knock before entering, but yet, all it would take would be one glimpse, and she would be stuck with him forever.

Though stuck seemed like such a horrible word.

The man may have a temper, and at times disagreeable; the swearing was also a little much - but he was so beautiful to look at. On top of that? She felt safe with him... as if the world could spiral into chaos, and all she'd need to do was focus on his eyes and she'd be all right.

With another yawn, she looked down at the pillow.

A note rested against it.

"Remember... anticipation is everything."

The handwriting was too pretty to be that of a man's, but the only person who would know of that conversation was Ash. She clenched the note to her chest and let out a sigh.

Three weeks, and she'd no longer be the recipient of notes and passion, but duty.

Straightening her shoulders, Sofia decided to focus on the positive, and the positive was most likely waiting for her downstairs, breaking his fast.

A knock sounded at the door. Ana entered with a cup of warm chocolate. "Your Highness, how did you sleep?"

"Beautifully." And she meant it. She'd slept peacefully last night - in the arms of a killer. Ironic that she'd feel at her safest with a man who strangled men with his bare hands.

"Wonderful." Ana curtsied. "Shall we ready you for the morning?"

"Yes." Sofia climbed out of bed and began her morning rituals, all the while remembering what it had felt like to have Ash's hands on her body.

A half hour later, Sofia was rushing down stairs and nearly collided with the object of her thoughts.

Ash gripped her arms, steadying her on her feet. "Hungry, Princess?"

"That depends."

His eyebrows rose.

"Are you offering, soldier?"

His eyes darkened, and, for a brief moment, she thought he'd kiss her; instead, he gently released his hold and offered his arm. "It seems Her Highness decided she wanted to play with the flames, hmm?"

"I find the heat entices me."

"The most dangerous things in this life - are often the most lovely."

Sofia glanced up at him. "Yes, yes they are."

Ash stopped walking; he leaned in again.

"Ah, there you are!" Dominique said from the bottom of the stairs. "How was your rest, Sofia?"

"Hot." She smirked.

Dominique's brow furrowed. "I'll let the maid know to open the window this evening."

"Please do." She fanned herself and fought a chuckle at Ash's amused expression; it seemed with each moment they spent, a part of him cracked, leaving more and more of his true self in place. She liked it - who he was, not who he pretended to be, heartless, crude, indifferent.

"Ash?" Dominique asked. "Didn't you say you were just on your way to meet with Hunter?"

"Er, yes." Ash released her arm and clenched his fingers. "Forgot my hat..."

Dominique tilted his head. "And you hid it in your jacket? Or you simply went up the stairs and forgot it a second time?"

Ash frowned.

"I'm afraid he lost it," Sofia said, saving the day. "Remember? During the travel from Scotland?"

Ash snapped his fingers. "Blast, you're correct." He didn't move.

Sofia elbowed him.

He shook his head. "Have a lovely morning, Princess." He passed Dominique and gave a slight inclination then patted him on the shoulder. His footsteps echoed across the marble floors.

"Sofia..." Dominique shifted uncomfortably between his feet. "...may I have a word with you?"

Her stomach dropped.

Did he know?

About her proposition?

About her and Ash?

"Of course!" She forced a bright smile and quickly walked down the rest of the stairs and followed him into his office. The same office where she'd tried to seduce Ash. Suppressing a groan, she waited for her punishment, chin high.

"Tell me about Peter," he said once he'd taken a seat.

All the air escaped her lungs in a whoosh as she collapsed into the seat opposite Dominique. "What exactly do you wish to know?"

"Has he made an offer for your hand?"

Sofia swallowed, refusing to make eye contact; instead, she focused on the flickering flames of the fireplace. "He did."

"And you denied him?"

She took a deep breath. "Only after I found him with my stepmother..."

"With your stepmother?" Dominique leaned forward. "Speak plainly."

"They were naked," she blurted. "How much more plainly do you wish me to speak, cousin?"

His face paled. "And he still wishes to pursue the marriage?"

Sofia nodded slowly. "I left the very next day. Before Father died, he - he said I needed to leave, that Stepmother Esmeralda would... hurt me... that she was mad with envy."

"Typical of a woman who's so focused on her own vanity." Dominique muttered a curse. His blue eyes drew her in; for once they held no intimidation, just comfort. "You understand how important it is to make a match?"

Sofia worried her lower lip. "I understand."

"Do you know why, Sofia?"

Why was her throat so dry? The room so incredibly hot? "If I don't marry, then I cannot inherit the throne and take back the country from my stepmother."

"It is more than that." Dominique's eyes went from comforting to sad as he stood and walked over to his desk. It seemed a million seconds went by before he approached her with a small piece of paper. "I'm sorry to be the one to tell you this, Sofia. But if you do not marry within the next three weeks, you will not just lose control over the lands we both love. You'll lose everything."

"Wh-what?" She gripped the paper between shaking hands and read aloud.

My Final Will and Testament-

My daughter must marry a titled gentleman of good breeding before her twentieth birthday or cease all control of White Manor and its lands, including its tenants. She will be under the protection of the Crown and allotted a small cottage on the grounds, as well as a townhouse in London. All political power will be stripped of her and given to my wife, Esmerelda."

The paper fluttered to the floor. "So that is the happy ending to my story."

"Does it really make a difference?" Dominique asked in a gentle voice. "It is clear that Peter wanted your hand to gain control over the lands, and when you refused, your stepmother saw no choice but to eliminate you. If you die, the same happens. Everything goes to Esmerelda. If you live..." He choked. "...because I guarantee you will, Sofia... you will be safest with a man by your side. Legally, it is protection. I know..." Dominique sighed. "Damn it, I'm not good with words, Sofia, but I know in a young woman's heart is the desire to be loved. I just wanted you to understand what you were giving up."

Her head jerked to attention. "Giving up?"

"If you decide to wait to marry."

"Wait?"

His smile was sad. "Do you think I would truly force you into a lifetime of unhappiness without first discussing it with you? The ball was to welcome you into society, to introduce Russian royalty. It was also an opportunity for you to get your feet wet. You met many single gentlemen last evening. Did any of them catch your eye?"

Yes.

One.

But he wasn't titled.

Nor was he available.

"No," she lied, hating the way it tasted on her tongue. "I did not."

"The choice is yours..." Dominique said quietly. "But you have limited time to make the decision. I trust you'll do exactly what I did."

He stood and offered his hand.

"And what was that?"

The Beast pulled her in for a tight hug and whispered in her ear, "I followed my heart."

There were tears pooling in her eyes when he stepped back. "And what if my heart wants what I can never have?"

"My dear..." Dominique wiped away her tears with his scarred thumbs. "...you may have the world. All you must do is ask and believe yourself worthy enough to accept it."

"But, my people... the lands..."

"At what cost?" Dominique gave her shoulders a squeeze. "I will stand by your side, whatever decision you make. Even now, time is not on our side. Peter is most likely tracking you as he's been trained to do, and Esmerelda will soon follow. Regardless, I will be by your side. As will Ash."

"Ash?"

Dominique's eyes narrowed. "He's your protector. He will never leave your side, lest he sign his own death."

That was truer than Dominique knew.

"Breakfast has been ready for a while." He nodded. "Take your time, gather your thoughts, and join us when you're ready?"

He quit the room.

Sofia plopped into the chair, her mind racing with possibilities. A small part of her wished - begged - for things to be different. A life where she could choose, where it would be Ash offering for her hand. Not some nameless gentleman.

She knew she only had limited time, but the letter or the will had made everything more real to her.

The choice had been taken from her and then given back by her cousin. He'd stand by her side. But who would stand by her people? The farmers? The shop owners in her small city? Who would fight for them? Not her stepmother. Certainly not Peter. They were evil, through and through, already taxing the people more than necessary, making it impossible for the village to flourish. They sought only more riches. And when they were in court with the czar? It was like watching peacocks prance around back and forth.

Dominique might stand by her side.

But her father had entrusted a responsibility to her.

She would enjoy her three weeks with Ash.

It would have to be enough to get her through a lifetime.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

Madness. Also known as repeating the same torture over and over again-and enjoying it. -The Grimm Reaper

HUNTER'S TOWNHOME WASN'T FAR from Dominique's, and Ash needed to stretch his legs after that embarrassing spectacle on the stairs, where he'd momentarily forgotten his own damn name - all because of her.

Passion. Ha, well, the joke was on him. The idea had been to distract her with small touches, lingering looks, kissing, touching - not to drive himself to an early grave for the thought of having her, over and over again.

"Damn it." He kicked a pebble.

It didn't alleviate his dark mood.

It simply reminded him that he was easily spinning out of control, all because of a girl with violet eyes and a tempting smile.

By the time he reached Hunter's townhome, he'd gone over several scenarios where he discussed the pitfalls of his little agreement with Sofia... only to curse himself all over again for even thinking upon it. She would simply go to Pierce or another gentleman, of that much he knew. He wasn't vain enough to assume it was because of who he was that she wanted him.

Sofia was simply... desperate... for something she had read in books and heard whispered amongst women.

Something, sadly, the girl wouldn't experience, lest she find a tutor.

After all, most titled gentleman thought the wife was merely part of one's wardrobe. One dressed her up pretty, took her to fancy balls and dinner parties, kissed her on the head goodnight, did his husbandly duty to produce an heir and a spare, then promptly hired a mistress to feed his base needs.

Disgusting.

The mere thought of Sofia's husband doing such a thing had Ash craving the man's blood, willing to punch any male who dared approach with her name across his lips. Bastards. All of them. Well, he'd simply wait for them to produce an heir then kill him. Be done with the whole messy business.

Then what? Keep her for himself?

If he lived that long.

If she still wanted him in that way.

If, if, if...

Bloody hateful word.

He knocked on the door and waited.

Hunter's stiff-looking butler, John, opened the door, his face impassive. "Yes?"

"Ash to see-" Bloody hell. "The Lord Grimm to see the Duke of Wolverstone."

"Ah..." John's face transformed into a smile. "...good of you to be so prompt."

"Tsk, tsk, John." Ash stepped into the large house. "There you go again, trying to have a personality, when all that's asked of you is to answer doors and take coats."

"Yes, well..." John began stripping the coat from Ash's shoulders. "...I find indifference bores me."

"It bores us all." Hunter's booming voice sounded through the large entryway. "Brother... and almost early. My, my, to what do I owe the pleasure of this prompt arrival?"

Ash's eyes narrowed.

"Or to whom?" Hunter grinned.

John chuckled.

"Your butler's impertinent."

"Yes, well, he tries to look stern when we have more important guests. I do tell him to practice but alas..."

"Apologies, Your Grace." John bowed, his bald head shining in the light. "I'll do my best to look as depressing as the London sky."

"Think rain, puddles, mud, France..." Hunter nodded encouragingly then slapped him on the back. "...and when all else fails think-"

"France." Ash coughed. "It never fails."

"-France." John repeated. "Right, well, shall I have some tea brought into the office?"

"Ah, you read minds!" Hunter snapped his fingers. "I knew I kept you for a reason."

John rolled his eyes and walked off, leaving Hunter laughing silently to himself while Ash tried to dispel thoughts of Sofia from his head.

France, France, France...

Waterloo.

Bloody hell, even the thought of war wasn't helping.

"Come along then." Hunter urged him forward. "Let's not get caught gossiping by the wife."

"Because that happens so often," Ash said dryly.

"More so than usual, since you've been in attendance. Why, the maids are all aflutter that Lord Grimm has returned to society. Hell, the bloody rag sheets are swarming with gossip."

Ash cringed and took a seat near the fireplace; he leaned his elbows on his knees. "How bad?"

Hunter let out a bark of laughter. "One lady claims she felt her heart skip a beat when you smiled in her direction."

"I make a habit not to smile at females."

"Yes, I'm aware. So are the females. I believe she imagined the entire thing. Shall I ask her what she's named your future children?"

"Hunter," Ash warned.

His brother sat across from him and threw a few scandal sheets onto the table. "Another says you appear to be a man haunted by a dark past... in need of some... company of the female sort. Oh and my favorite is this..." He pointed to the sheet and sighed happily. "Shall I read it aloud?"

"I'd rather you not-"

"Rumors are fast spreading amongst the ton that Lord Grimm has his sights set on London's latest arrival. Miss Sofia Maskylov, the Russian beauty and cousin to Prince Maskylov, could not take her eyes off the fellow and vice versa. This author has it on good authority that a scandal is brewing between the two. After all, to share more than one dance then disappear for half the night, only to return with a look of pure satisfaction? Then again, this author would have that same look on her face if she was able to disappear with the dangerous looking lord; by God, the man has a face of a fallen angel. But you know what they say about fallen creatures. They so love to bring the pure down with them. Will she stay white as snow? Only time will tell."

Ash groaned aloud, pinching the bridge of his nose.

"Did you like the reading that much?"

"Yes, especially the part where you mimicked a female's voice and pressed her hand to your chest, though if you flutter your damn eyelashes one more time at me, I'm going to pick them out, one by one, and feed them to the cat."

"Well, that's silly." Hunter dropped the sheet. "We don't even own a cat."

"I'll buy one."

"Why waste money? Simply shoot me and be done with the whole business."

"Am I truly here to drink tea and gossip?" Ash leaned back in his chair, crossing a leg. "And before you answer in the affirmative, the tea better damn well have been laced with something fortifying."

A soft knock sounded on the door, followed by John. Why the butler was bringing the tea rather than one of the kitchen staff - Ash was afraid to ask. It was always wiser not to ask questions where Hunter was involved, if one wanted to keep one's sanity, that is.

"That will be all, John," Hunter excused the butler and began pouring the tea. Silence ensued as his twin added a bit of cream to each cup and handed one to Ash.

The minute Ash took a sip, Hunter asked, "So how many times have you kissed her then?"

The tea spewed out of Ash's mouth and onto the gossip sheets littered on the table.

"Damn." Hunter lifted Mrs. Peabody's Society Papers and sighed. "My favorite one."

Ash coughed a few times then took another sip only to have his brother interrupt again with his irritating questions. "I'm waiting for an answer."

Ash said nothing.

"By God, I know math has never been your strong suit, but taking five minutes to add up a few kisses! Where's your decency, man! At least keep the count to what you can keep track of on your fingers and toes!"

Calmly, Ash set the tea down and leaned back in his chair, meeting his brother's irritated gaze. "As I said before-"

"You mean when you lied?"

"As I said before," Ash repeated, jaw clenched. "It is none of your business, and I refuse to discuss it."

"She must marry."

"I believe all of London is aware of that simple truth, but thank you for repeating it."

"A title."

"Yes."

Hunter set his tea down and pointed at Ash. "A title."

"Your point?"

"You like her. She likes you."

"So we should marry? Is that it?"

"She needs protection. Why not you?"

Ash let out a humorless laugh. "Why not me? Because I'm a disease... I'm a cold-blooded killer? Perhaps, I do not want to marry."

"Rubbish."

"Not everyone wants what you have."

"But once... you did."

"Ah, a reminder of my past sins. Thank you. I'll see myself out." Ash rose from his seat.

Hunter cursed. "Ash, wait... I simply want you to be happy. And I believe she would make you happy."

Ash hung his head. "She does not want me, brother... and I'm sorry if you refuse to understand that simple truth. I cannot tie myself to a woman who might one day have eyes for someone else."

The room fell silent.

Ash sat back down; Hunter joined him and whispered, "But if she did?"

"Then it would be pointless." Ash truly did wish the tea had been made of something stronger. "I, um... I may not live to see it."

"Save us all from the drama of you shooting yourself again," Hunter said lightly, though his eyes were telling he was terrified. Utterly terrified.

"Not that." Ash waved him off. "I have a bullet lodged somewhere in my chest very merrily making its way toward my heart."

"You're sure?"

"Positive."

"Has the doctor given you... a diagnosis? Have you sought out a second opinion?"

"You sound like Pierce."

"Dear God, don't tell him that. The man would brag on it for years." Hunter smiled. "Have you though?"

Ash shrugged.

"Right, a shrug while we talk about life or death."

"Would you rather I weep?"

"I'd rather you feel something akin to regret. You could very well be dying without doing the one thing we both know you've wanted to do for your entire existence. Since you were a boy in short pants, chasing the maids up the stairs."

"That was you."

"My point is... you haven't even given yourself a chance."

Ash lifted his head. "For what?"

"Love."

Ash wanted to laugh it off, like he usually had when Hunter brought up painful memories of the past - memories of Ash telling Hunter that one day he was going to marry the most beautiful girl in London and that they would love one another just like Mother and Father and live in a real castle. He'd been a boy of ten, but the idea had remained for some time, and it had grown the minute he'd seen Hunter's wife, only to be stamped out the minute her soul had left his earth.

"Thank you.." Ash mumbled, standing to his feet. "...for the tea."

Hunter nodded. "You'll think about it then? The second opinion?"

Ash exhaled and pinched the bridge of his nose. "Will you stop reading gossip rags and inviting me over for tea?"

Hunter seemed to think about it for a moment then shook his head. "No. I'm afraid I'm not willing to give up that vice."

"Will you at least stop asking me how many times I've kissed the girl?"

"Yes."

"Thank God." Ash looked heavenward.

"But, at least give me one small hint, minute, if you will. Doesn't even have to signify..."

Ash smirked, finally feeling like he'd somehow gained the upper hand. "Dear brother... I lost track after last evening." He tilted his head. "Good day."

Hunter's eye widened and then narrowed. "You son of a bitch! You seduced her! Why, I can't believe you'd-"

Ash shut the door in his face and made his way back toward Dominique's residence, feeling rather cheerful that, for once, he'd ended a conversation with his brother cursing and not the other way around.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

I see every piece of the puzzle, every side, every possible outcome, and in every single ending it's her - but I am not by her side. I cannot fathom how my life will continue to have meaning when its very purpose has started and ended with her. How the devil did that happen? -The Grimm Reaper

THE ONSLAUGHT OF GENTLEMEN was positively overwhelming. Minutes after Sofia had finished eating, the doorbell had rung, and rung, and rung some more. Thinking it had been merely visitors for her cousin, she'd lazily made her way back to her rooms, only to be stopped by a frenzied Isabelle.

"Visiting hours!" she exclaimed, her eyes wide. "You must change, immediately."

"You have visitors?"

"Us?" Isabelle's brown eyebrows arched with humor. "Oh, my dear, they could care less about us. The visitors, mostly gentlemen, are here for you."

"Me?"

"You."

"But-"

"Hurry!" Isabelle scooted her toward the bedroom. "Already they are downstairs waiting, and I highly doubt the gentlemen will last with that beastly cousin of yours in there growling every time they try to compliment the furniture."

Sofia rushed into her room, and, with the help of Ana, changed into an afternoon dress of simple white muslin paired with a navy paisley pichu and a lighter blue spencer - so she didn't catch a chill.

By the time she made it downstairs, voices were coming from the violet drawing room.

She entered, head high, smile plastered on her face, and nearly collided into not one, but three gentlemen - and those were just the ones standing.

Another five were seated, along with two young women who seemed familiar with Isabelle.

"Your Highness." One of the men bowed, reaching for her hand, only for another gentleman to bow after him and try to reach for her other. If they were trying to rip her person in half, they were doing an admirable job.

Sofia curtsied as Isabelle made the introductions. Sofia immediately began memorizing details of each man in order to keep track.

"Lord Deacon of Devonshire." Long chin, thinning hair. "Lord Hallows." Gap in his front teeth, curly blond hair, wide smile. "Sir Bentley." Old man of at least fifty years.

She suppressed a shudder.

"Mr. Smythe of the Bath Smythes." Dark black hair and blue eyes, but... a bit menacing. "His Grace the Duke of Roodley." And apparently a child, for the duke was not much older than eighteen-if that.

Isabelle introduced a few more gentlemen - who were not titled - who seemed to misunderstand the reason for visits meant one had to smile and-or speak.

"And, of course, you know my dear sister, the Duchess of Haverstone." A beautiful woman with dark hair and piercing eyes inclined her head, smiling mischievously as she offered a wink.

Sofia felt immediately at ease, until more questions began. Would she care for a carriage ride around the park? How did she feel about lilies? Her favorite flower? Was she allergic? Did she have a preference for the opera?

And then finally, the heavens bestowed mercy upon her in the form of a throat clearing.

"My, my, what a busy morning." Ash's deep brooding voice caused the chattering in the room to pause.

Sofia stood and gave him a helpless look.

"Well, it appears you're ready for our outing."

Outing?

All eyes fell to Sofia.

"Yes," she said briskly and stood. "Apologies, gentlemen. I've already promised an afternoon drive to..." How was she to address him? Was he a mister, then? Her mouth dried instantly.

"Me, of course." Ash flashed a grin and offered his arm. "Shall we, Your Highness?"

"Of course." She took his arm, gripping it like a lifeline, and followed him silently from the room, stopping by the door to retrieve her wrap, hat, and gloves.

Once they were outside, Sofia breathed deeply. Even though the air was moist with morning rain, it was the most refreshing thing she'd experienced in hours. The room had been stifling, the company, horrible.

"You appear as if you've just escaped prison and desire to make a run for it." Ash smirked. "Tell me, how long were you locked in that ghastly drawing room?"

"Too long," Sofia huffed. "I shudder to think of tomorrow."

"Ah..." Ash helped her into the carriage and followed. "...shall I make a visit to each of their houses? I have been known to deal death quite swiftly. They won't feel a thing."

"Oh really?" Sofia's mouth curved in amusement. "Not a thing?"

"Well..." Ash held up his fingers. "...perhaps a twinge of something... but within the grand scheme of things, a completely clean kill."

"Lovely."

"I always think so." His grin widened. "Then again, how else are you to find a husband if I eliminate every possibility?"

Sofia's shoulders slumped. "One was a mere child."

"Yes, well, look at the bright side. While he drinks milk, you can simply finish off the wine."

"Lovely," Sofia said dryly as the carriage gave a jolt. "Because that is the real reason women marry younger men, so we escape having to share our daily wine ration."

"And men think women aren't practical."

Sofia rolled her eyes.

"Any of them... interesting? In the slightest?"

She gave it great thought as the carriage ambled along. "Well, there was..." She frowned. "And I guess..." She worried her lower lip and stared at the floor.

Ash's yawn snapped her attention back to the present.

"Exciting, these gentlemen you gush over. Pray, slow down your speech so I have time to write down all the excellent characteristics of a great husband."

"You are not amusing."

"Oh, but I am." Ash flashed a grin and leaned forward. "Tell me, did you feel any... passion?"

Sofia's blood stirred. "Loads of passion, so much I could barely contain my enthusiasm."

"Such an actress."

"I do try."

"Passion..." Ash glanced out the window. "...is never forced. It simply is. It exists without our help and always wins out, much like the truth. Passion does not stand in the background waiting for you to force its hand. It pushes to the front, demanding you acknowledge its existence. It promises to dissipate if you simply engage in... One. Simple. Action." Ash licked his lips, his eyes hooded. "So you give into the temptation it offers. You pluck the apple willingly from Eve's hand, and the minute your teeth dig into the core..." His voice was a hoarse whisper. "...you want it all."

The carriage was charged with such thick tension that Sofia was afraid to breathe. "And you consider yourself an adequate judge of passion? Having experienced it so much in your own life?"

Ash's tongue slid across his lips. He didn't answer, simply knocked on the ceiling of the carriage. It pulled to a stop.

Sofia glanced out the window to see if they'd reached their destination, but Ash quickly pulled both coverings, blanketing them in darkness.

"I guess you'll have to be the judge of that," he whispered. "All things considered... I haven't even given you a taste. The scientist in me wonders... what will happen when you have a small bite?"

Chest heaving, Sofia fought to catch her breath. "There's only one way to discover the answer to that question."

Ash's hand shot out and grabbed Sofia's arm. He pulled her across the carriage and into his lap. "Straddle me."

Shaking, she carefully sat, legs on either side of his, her skirt hiked up near her knees. Indecent did not even begin to describe her positioning. The man could see her ankles, stockings, and at least one knee.

"Kiss me."

Sofia gasped. "But-"

"Be a good student, Princess... and let me teach."

Nerves took over as she slowly gripped the sides of his perfectly sculpted face and leaned in. Her lips grazed his carefully at first, and then for some reason, perhaps it was her vulnerable positioning or just the conversation they'd been having, a slow heat built in her core, making her want to press her body so tightly against his that she wasn't sure where hers ended and his began.

"That's it," Ash encouraged, his mouth working softly against hers. "Passion exists, but, Princess, you have to be brave enough to take it."

"Brave or stupid?" Her lips trembled as they pulled back from his.

Ash gripped her hips and slid her harder against his body. "A bit of both, Princess. Madness combined with passion is always a bit stupid - but oh so enjoyable, don't you think?" And then the man attacked her mouth. There really was no other way to describe it. His tongue pushed past her lips and plunged inside, driving out every single doubt she'd had about making their arrangement. His fingers danced along her collarbone and rested against her breasts until he cupped them. With a groan, her head fell back. His lips found her neck and moved lower. Her body built with need, a need he wasn't satisfying. Not yet.

"More," she demanded.

"Of?"

"Just..." Sofia whimpered. "More... please?"

"Show me." His voice was a whisper. "Show me what you want."

"I don't-" Sofia found his hands and ran them down the front of her body, resting at her hips. "I don't know. I just need-"

"This." He gritted his teeth and gently pushed her backward until she was leaning against her own seat, and he was on his knees in front of her, sliding his hands up her legs, his tongue following each touch of his fingertips. When he reached the inside of her thigh, she was too hot, too wanton to feel embarrassed, just... needy, so needy she thought she'd die.

The whiskers along his jaw grazed her soft skin. She let out a moan and gripped his shoulders.

A knock sounded at the carriage door.

Ash jerked back. "What is it?" His teeth were clenched, his face flushed.

"Sorry, er, Lord-"

"Billings, just spit it out." Ash shifted in his seat as if uncomfortable. Then again, they'd just been about to make love on a street, in a carriage. Sofia fought to keep her hands pinned at her sides so she wouldn't cover her face.

"'Tis a busy street." The footman coughed. "And the carriage was rocking a bit. After a few stares, I decided to see if you were... well."

"No," Ash said in a dark voice. "Not anymore."

"Apologies."

"The park." Ash pinched the bridge of his nose. "Take us to the park and be quick about it."

No more talking commenced.

Once the carriage jolted forward, Ash opened his mouth then closed it again. He bit down on his lower lip and leaned forward. "It seems our lesson will have to wait."

Sofia smirked. "So you plan to keep me wanting all day?"

"But of course..." Ash grinned. "If it helps, I shall suffer right along with you."

"And when... when will the suffering end?" she asked in a weak voice. Please say as soon as possible.

"When you marry, of course." His face darkened as he jerked his attention to the floor. "Where it is supposed to."

"And if I want it to end before then?"

Ash smiled sadly, his eyes haunting as he glanced back up at Sofia. "Then I would have to say no."

"Am I not...?" She almost choked on the words. Was he rejecting her?

"You are..." Ash's eyes brightened briefly. "...you are... perfect. Simply perfect... and you shall stay that way until you are married."

Sofia crossed her arms and leveled Ash with a stare. "Pity."

His smile was sad. "It truly is."

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

I have made a lapse in judgment, and for that, I will never forgive myself. -The Grimm Reaper

ASH TRIED DESPERATELY TO act normal during the afternoon outing at Hyde Park, if normal consisted of an abhorrent amount of indecent thoughts about pressing Sofia against the nearest tree and claiming her as his.

He looked away from the tree.

Grass. One could look at grass without arousing oneself to painful proportions or gaining curious stares from the nearby geese.

Then again, grass was a flat surface, quite comfortable, easily used if one found a secluded corner and- Damn. He needed to gain control and fast.

"Thank you." Sofia lifted her head heavenward and smiled.

"Are you thanking me for the rescue or the carriage ride?"

Sofia's cheeks tinged red as she glanced away from Ash. "Both."

His grin was about as unstoppable as the cursed London rain. "My pleasure."

"And mine."

He tilted his head back and let out a bark of laughter.

"My, my," a male voice said. "I never thought I'd see the day when the great Grimm Reaper would find anything amusing, let alone a dreary London day."

Ash turned to his left.

The Devil Duke, also known as Benedict to his familiars, stood by his horse, a knowing grin plastered across his much-too-cheerful face. "It's been an age, old friend."

"Yes." Guilt slammed into Ash, for at one time, he and Benedict had been the best of friends, that was, until Ash had fled the country. "It has."

"And who is this lovely creature?"

Ash had to remind himself that Benedict was happily married.

And when the reminder didn't ease his temper, he simply gritted his teeth and watched as the man charmed the bonnet right off his woman.

His woman.

Ha. The joke was on him.

She wasn't anyone's, least of all his.

"Her Highness, Miss Sofia Maskylov of Russia." Ash made the introductions while Sofia gave a low curtsy.

Benedict's grin grew. "Is this the same princess that seems to be sweeping our humble country by storm?"

"The one and only," Ash said dryly.

"And what about you?" Benedict turned. "Has she swept you off your feet?"

Such a personal question in a public forum. That was the trouble with dukes like Benedict; they thought they could ask anything out of the ordinary, and mere mortals would simply bow and answer with fear and trembling.

"But, of course," Ash said honestly. "It would be impossible to deny a beautiful woman..."

Benedict licked his lips. "Quite. Say, are you attending our ball this evening?"

It was on the verge of Ash's tongue to blurt out an excuse, but only because he wanted Sofia to himself - all to himself - and that wasn't fair. Not to her, not to him. She needed to marry.

The sooner he got that in his head the better.

"I don't believe we received an invitation," Sofia said boldly.

"You must attend," Benedict said smoothly. "The duchess wouldn't have it any other way."

Ash cleared his throat. "Is this, perchance, the annual masquerade?"

Benedict's smile turned positively plot-worthy. "Indeed! Now... promise you'll attend."

"We would love to!" Sofia accepted for both of them.

"Splendid." Benedict's grin turned more criminal.

Ash was going to throttle his old friend, or perhaps now they were no longer friends, simply enemies, for Sofia had played directly into the Devil Duke's hands without even knowing. Though Ash imagined the man had good intentions - it did not change the fact that she was walking cheerfully into temptation itself.

Benedict tipped his hat and made his goodbye as he waltzed off in the other direction, his demeanor positively cheerful.

"What is the matter with you?" Sofia put her hands on her hips, scolding Ash. "He was friendly! And he invited us to another ball!"

"Ha!" Ash looked away. "Is that what we shall be attending? Are you quite sure?"

Sofia was silent then she muttered, "Well, that is what he said."

"He's the very devil himself, completely harmless now that he's married himself off and besotted like the rest of my old friends, but... still the devil."

"How so?"

Ash turned and looked at Sofia, so much innocence, and he fought between wanting to protect her from the dark, yet wanting to invite her to join him within it. "The ball is a masquerade."

"And?"

"It is called The Garden."

"Lovely!" Sofia clapped. "Are there many flowers?"

"Er, some."

"And plants?"

"Sure."

"I imagine the decorations are lovely!"

"Yes, if you like that sort of... thing." Ash fought hard to keep himself from laughing. "Are you sure you'd like to attend?"

"Absolutely!"

"Do me one favor then."

She tilted her head.

"When you tell Dominique this plan of yours, allow me to be in the room."

"Whatever for?"

"Think of it as a mental picture I'll store forever." This time he did laugh. "Shall we return to the house? After all, you'll need to find a dress that will match the... decor."

Sofia nodded excitedly, and Ash knew he would take her, guard her with his own life, and most likely fall on his own sword by night's end. After all, he wasn't taking her to a mere ball, but what was known amongst the ton as something very, very different.

Yes, it was going to be a long evening.

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

Mistakes, when repeated, are not truly mistakes, but poor choices called habits. -The Grimm Reaper

"WELL... THAT WENT WELL, all things considered." Ash chuckled to himself as he helped Sofia into the waiting carriage. The conversation between her and Dominique had been one for the record books.

Ash hadn't remembered a time The Beast had looked so... piqued.

"Well?" Sofia gasped. "He nearly took my head off!"

"To be fair," Ash said smoothly, "you did ask your cousin if you could attend a pleasure masquerade."

"To be fair..." Her teeth clenched. "...you never explained what type of masquerade we would be attending."

"On purpose."

"Thank you."

"Oh, you're very welcome." Ash winked. "It was not I who accepted, so the fault lies with you."

"How do you figure?" Sofia raised her voice. "The Devil Duke is your friend, and I was simply helping you be more..." She waved her hands into the air. "...friendly!"

"Ah, sweetheart..." Ash licked his lips and surveyed her scandalous outfit. "...was I not friendly enough his afternoon? You didn't seem to have any complaints then. Care to voice them now?"

Her eyes narrowed. "You're not amusing."

"No, I'm dashing. There's a difference."

Sofia pressed her lips together, a smile battling to break through. "How am I to find a husband at a pleasure ball? And while we're having this conversation, ten minutes before we are to arrive at that very ball, how am I supposed to find a husband if everyone is..." She blushed. "...distracted?"

Ash leaned back and tilted his head. Her dress was red, scandalously low-cut, and left nothing to the imagination, though she was wearing a mask, so at least she wasn't recognizable. "You'll simply talk to men you find amusing, dance a bit, drink some lemonade, and I'll bring you home when your feet ache."

"But the men... they will be... forward?"

"Very."

"And isn't that... unwelcome in London society?"

"Extremely."

"I'm sorry. I don't understand."

Ash sighed. "Most who attend this ball are married and use it as an excuse to rekindle the romance within their marriage - at least that is how it got its start. There will be many debutantes, as well as young titled gentlemen in attendance, simply looking for a time without the pressures of a typical ball. Use your time wisely, and perhaps someone will catch your attention."

"And if they don't?" She worried her lower lip. "Then what shall I do?"

"Easy." Ash reached for her hand and gripped it within his own. "Then we dance."

"Admit it," she said in a sour voice. "You'll be happy to be rid of me."

"Why are you asking me to lie?"

Her head jerked to attention.

"Letting you go... will be one of the hardest things I've done in my existence. Then again, I've always heard it's difficult when the chickens leave the roost."

"So now I'm a chicken?"

"That all depends on if you're brave enough to take a step out of the carriage."

As if on cue, the carriage pulled to a stop, the door opened, and Ash waited.

"If I entertained any sort of fear, I would not have propositioned you the way I did - nor would I have followed through."

"Touche." Ash smirked. "Shall we?"

Sofia lifted her head like a princess ought and stepped out of the carriage.

Ash offered his arm.

They walked slowly up the stairs.

There was no announcing at this ball - only anonymity and masks. Upon entering, all one could see were candles lit in dark corners, black masks, and red dresses. To prevent people from being examined too closely, one of the rules was that each woman had to wear a red dress, and each man had to be in head-to-toe black.

It was a breathtaking sight - if one was a heathen set on a war path toward hell. Several half-naked sculptures in the finest white marble decorated the main ball room. Lining each wall were chairs of all types for lounging about. Wine flowed like honey, and the dimly lit room made it impossible to make out people's features.

"I misspoke," Sofia whispered in Ash's ear, tickling his flesh. "Earlier in the carriage."

"Oh?"

"I'm a bit fearful right now..."

"Don't be," Ash said softly, wrapping his arm around her delicate shoulders. "We may be in hell, but I know firsthand that angels can protect you from its flames."

"And who shall protect me from you?"

Ash stopped walking and whispered across her neck, his lips grazing her soft skin. "Absolutely no one. Will that be a problem?"

"No." She let out a breath and shuddered in his arms then turned to him. "Are you going to kiss me now?"

"Later." Ash's eyes locked in on her lips. "Meet two amiable gentlemen, and I'll kiss you."

"Sort of like a prize at the end of a race?" her voice teased.

"I've never been a prize."

Sofia stepped away. "You are now."

Her words affected him in ways he'd thought impossible. His entire body became instantly warm - not aroused, simply warm - as if she truly cared, as if she truly meant that he was the prize she sought.

It wasn't true - couldn't be true. He had to keep reminding himself that the weeks would eventually come to a close, and, at the end, she would exchange the prize of Ash for something greater, something that would last.

Bowing his head, he quickly moved to the edge of the room where he could watch Sofia - where he could keep her safe.

She approached a group of ladies - not gentlemen - and Ash breathed a sigh of relief.

"Beautiful evening," Sofia said as she approached the three ladies talking amongst themselves.

"It is." One turned to her. "And don't you look lovely tonight, though, admittedly, not as lovely as the gentleman we saw you arrive with." The woman's eyes gleamed in Ash's direction.

Sofia fought to keep her jealousy at bay. "Yes, he's wonderful, isn't he?"

"A specimen," another lady piped up. "Then again, I imagine he isn't even close to being as mysteriously handsome as Lord Grimm."

"Lord Grimm?" Sofia repeated. Why had she never heard of him before? "Who is he?"

The ladies' mouths dropped open, as if timed.

The one with flaming hair placed a hand on Sofia's arm. "Oh, my dear, he is but a ghost, a legend. He has only just returned to the continent, and, rumor has it, he's on the hunt for a wife!"

Sofia stored that information for later. "And he's handsome?"

"So very handsome," the woman to her left gushed. "And brave! What I wouldn't give to dance with the man, but he rarely attends such functions, and, even when he does, his scowl is enough to cause a woman to stutter. He never asks anyone to dance, though at the last ball he danced with a woman twice! Then again, she was foreign."

As was Sofia, but she didn't feel the need to point that out.

"He sounds divine," Sofia said.

"Oh he is..." The redhead purred. "Tell me, what is the name of the fellow you arrived with?"

"I thought we weren't to use names?" Sofia corrected the woman's error.

She grinned mischievously. "You're no fun."

"I'm afraid I like to play by the rules." She gave a low curtsy. "Good evening."

Quickly, she weaved through the crowd to find Ash. He was leaning against the wall, surveying the room like the soldier he was.

"How was the latest gossip?"

"Informative." Sofia put her hands on her hips. "Tell me, do you know of this Lord Grimm?"

Ash quickly looked down at his feet. "Lord Grimm, you say?"

"Yes. I wish to speak to him."

"You cannot simply walk up to a man as dangerous as that and speak to him about the weather, Princess."

"Then you must speak to him."

"Me?" Ash seemed to pale further. "Why ever for?"

"He's seeking a wife."

Ash choked out a laugh. "I assure you he is not."

"He is!" Sofia clenched her fists. "And the ladies said he was brave, he could protect me, and he's titled!"

"Is that all that matters to you?" Ash spat. "A title?"

Sofia looked down at her hands, guilt slamming into her. "It is all that mattered to my father, so it must matter to me."

Ash cursed. "Apologies, I don't know what came over me."

"So you'll introduce us?"

"Sofia, you've met lots of gentlemen. I imagine he's already been introduced to you."

"No. I would remember."

"Why's that?" He smiled. "Is your memory as perfect as your smile?"

"Yes," Sofia snapped, taking the compliment in stride, unwilling to let it distract her, even though warmth spread throughout her body. "Besides, he is rumored to be devilishly handsome, and I've met no one of the sort."

Ash bit down on his lip, his eyebrows shooting up to his forehead.

"You don't count." Sofia waved him off.

"Are you calling me handsome?"

"You do own a mirror, soldier. If you need more confirmation of your good looks, simply gaze upon it for a while, and you'll gain your answer."

"She thinks me handsome." Ash winked. "Whatever shall I do with all this flattery you throw my way?"

"Enjoy it while it lasts." Sofia grinned. "For I will most likely be cross with you by the end of the evening."

"I do so love it when you're cross," Ash whispered. "It makes your passion so much more.... tempting."

"May we dance now?" Sofia ignored the pang in her chest when Ash looked at her in that way. A way that showed how much he desired her, how much his desire matched her own.

"Whatever the princess desires..." He bowed over her hand. "I am at your service."

"In that case, I want to dance all evening with you and only you, and then I want you to take me to bed and make wild and passionate love to me."

"Red makes you bold." Ash coughed into his hand and looked away. "Yes to the first... we'll see to the second."

"We'll see?"

"First-" He twirled her twice. "-we dance."

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

It is always easy to pretend when you forget the consequences of the fabrication. -The Grimm Reaper

ASH DANCED TWO DANCES with Sofia then escorted her from the floor; too many bodies crowded the space, making it impossibly difficult to breathe. He was just about to lead her toward the lemonade when Benedict stepped in the way.

"Do my eyes deceive me?" he said with an amused grin. "Lovely to see you both took my invitation to heart."

Ash grunted in response.

"My dear..." Benedict turned his gaze upon Sofia. "...have you had a chance to take a look at the lovers' fall?"

She turned to Ash for help.

"Tsk, tsk!" Benedict slapped Ash on the shoulder. "You haven't shown her the falls yet?"

"We've been busy dancing," Ash said through clenched teeth.

"Why dance when you could-"

"The falls," Ash interrupted. "I'll remedy my lapse in judgment immediately."

"Do." Benedict grinned. "Have a lovely time." The bastard kept his eyes trained on Ash, most likely making sure that Ash followed through with his promise. Damn him.

"What are the falls?" Sofia asked in a loud voice, gaining the attention of a few people standing nearby.

Knowing smiles appeared on all their faces then quickly disappeared.

He was going to strangle Benedict with his bare hands.

Was it not bad enough that Ash could barely restrain himself from taking the girl's virginity? Now he was to take her to the falls? Truly, God had it out for him. Already he could feel his blood heating at the thought of having her alone - completely alone.

"Follow me." Ash gripped her hand and led her outside.

In silence, they walked into the large garden overlooking Benedict's estate until they came to the water. Several manmade statues - naked statues, mind - were in the middle of the water, and then at the end, the water cascaded off into a separate pool. The curtain of water was so wide one could fit at least four carriages side by side. But that wasn't the appeal of the falls. No, the appeal lay in what was behind them.

"Well, come along," he said gruffly, tugging a gaping Sofia toward the entrance.

Hands shaking, he led her down the narrow walkway that wound behind the sheet of water leading into the cave-like rooms that lingered behind the falls.

There were six caves total, each of them made to look like a bedroom, complete with a bearskin rug thrown across the rock and a bed in the corner. No lights, save for the moon and two candles lit in the small room.

"It's beautiful!" Sofia gushed, releasing Ash's hand and doing a twirl in the middle of the cave. "I cannot believe you would keep this from me!"

"Yes, well..." Ash scratched his head and tried to think of anything but the way her hair kissed her shoulders. "...I had my reasons."

Sofia stopped twirling. "Are you going to kiss me now?"

"No." Ash said it quickly, sternly, then corrected himself when her face fell. "Did you talk to two gentlemen?"

"Yes."

"I saw no such conversations take place. Tell me... were they in your head, Princess?"

"You and the duke."

"Bloody hell! We do not count!"

"You never specified." She grinned. "So, my kiss."

"Manipulative little wench."

"Flattery..." Sofia said in a husky voice. "Careful or I'll swoon directly into your arms."

Ash backed away from her tempting form. "Women do not swoon into my arms. They simply run into them. It's as simple as that, no swooning necessary, I assure you."

"I believe it." Sofia grinned, her dimple winking at him. "Shall I run into your arms, soldier?"

"Who's to say I'm willing to catch you?"

"You'd never let me fall."

Truth. It was the truth, damn her. He'd no sooner let her fall than cut out his own heart. She was his to protect, not his to desire or want, but want and desire he did, more than he could ever remember. The flare in his soul went beyond a mere want; it was a need, damn-near necessary in order to keep him from going mad.

Sofia took a step toward him then stopped, arching one eyebrow as if to taunt him.

"Wait!" Ash held up his hands. "Remove your mask."

"Why?"

"Because..." Ash swallowed. "...I want to see your face."

"Did you forget what I looked like so soon?"

"Never," Ash vowed. "I simply haven't had my fill."

Sofia's eyes widened just slightly before she removed her black mask and tossed it onto the bed. She took another step.

"And your hair," Ash said in a hoarse voice. "Let it down."

"Your reason?"

"Do I need to have a reason? How about this? I desire the way the short cut frames your face. I crave the shadow it casts upon your lips."

Without another word Sofia reached up and quickly removed the pins from her hair then carefully set them next to her mask.

"Is that all?" she asked, putting her hands on her hips. "Or shall I remove my dress as well?"

Ash groaned aloud. "That wouldn't do... because then I would ravish you, ruining you for all men."

"A bit overconfident."

"I'd like to think I'm just very well aware of my skills."

Sofia took another step and played with the sleeves of her ruby gown. "Well? What will it be, soldier?"

"Dance for me, Princess."

"Alone?"

Ash nodded, leaning his head back against the rock wall. "Just a few twirls, swing your hips, let me drink you in... let me look at you."

Sofia didn't argue or ask why, she held out her arms and twirled in front of him, and then, in a move so seductive Ash nearly collapsed to the ground, she crooked her finger in his direction.

He took one step, then two, three more, and he was tugging her body against his. "This will never work, Princess."

"For now... can it work for now, soldier?"

"Are you asking me to live in the moment... embrace my passion?"

"I'm a princess," she hissed. "I never ask. I demand."

"Are you demanding me, Princess?"

"Is that a problem?"

"Hell no." He crushed his mouth against hers, lifting her body into the air at the same time.

She hooked her ankles around his legs and moved against him.

With a groan, he walked them to the bed and laid her down, deepening the kiss, softening his touch against her skin, not wanting to bruise her perfection.

She pulled her lips away from his; a frown marred her troubled face. "Could you come to care for me?"

"Sofia..."

"Please... no witty response... just truth."

"Just truth." Ash repeated, touching his forehead to hers. "I already do."

"And would you - that is... if you were titled... if you were given the choice... if we had more time... if I told you I cared for you in return, would you marry me?"

"Princess." Ash sighed. "There were a lot of ifs in that question."

"Please, Ash."

Lying to her would be the hardest thing he'd ever done, because she deserved someone better than him, someone who would give her his whole heart, someone who had a future, who would live past the next few years, live to see their children. "If I was given a choice, it would be you. Every. Time."

Sofia reached up and kissed him, her mouth thanking him better than her words ever could.

"But-" He pulled away, angry that he had to. "-I do not have a choice. You do not have a choice."

"What if I did?"

"You don't."

"What if I gave up everything to-"

"Shh." Ash pressed his fingertip to her lips. "Do not dwell on things you cannot change. By my calculations, we still have a near three weeks before you must announce an engagement."

"To a title." She looked crestfallen.

Ash ignored the annoying pang in his chest paired with the irritating voice in his head that said he could fix it all. He couldn't. He wouldn't. He marrying her would fix nothing. She'd end up resenting him, for how could a half a person with half a heart - an assassin? Marry a woman so pure that her skin glowed with it.

"I care for you." He said it softly in her ear as to ease her mind. "Let us leave it at that."

"For now." She sighed.

"For now," he agreed, his mouth meeting hers.

She arched beneath him, her soft body writhing against his. "Show me passion, Ash... show me."

"Say my name again."

"Ash..." She kissed his mouth, tugging on his lower lip. "My fallen Ash..."

How true her words were... for he had fallen so far he wasn't quite sure he'd ever see the light of day again - nor did he care.

"Let me love you," he whispered, taking great care to kiss every square inch of her neck, branding her, leaving his mark in the most obvious way he knew how.

"Please..." She breathed. "Please."

"Passion." He played with the material of her sleeves. "What a silly little proposition." He gave a tug; the front of her dress was loose enough that it fell across her arms.

"Silly," she murmured, leaning up on her elbows. "Is that your way of saying thank you?"

"No." He grinned and lowered his head. "This is."

Her soft cries and gentle sighs were all that filled the cave.

When Ash had thought he'd taken his full, he would discover another spot he had yet to explore, another area his lips hadn't yet tasted. So he explored. He tasted. He claimed.

And when the evening grew colder, he knew it was time to return the princess back to the castle and lock the dragon back into its cage.

"Sofia," he whispered against her hair. "We should go."

"But it's magical." She kissed his mouth again, her lips swollen from their night of passion. "Can't we stay?"

"I wish we could." Just like he wished a lot of things.

Ash helped her rearrange her dress and hair. They silently made their way back to the large manor where the ball was still in full swing. They rounded the house and called for their carriage.

"Thank you," Sofia whispered once they were safely back at Dominique's townhome.

"For?" Ash asked, leading her into the great hall.

"Tonight." She looked down and licked her lips then quickly kissed his mouth and ran up the stairs.

Ash stood motionless in the entryway.

He would burn in hell for the ways he had touched her.

But he couldn't find it in himself to feel anything but elated that she'd trusted him enough to let him.

With a curse, he rubbed his face with his hands. What the devil was he doing? Playing with fire, that's what.

He could not promise her anything, yet he wanted to. So many times it had been on the tip of his tongue to say something about his true identity, to tell her he could rescue her, save her.

But that was what happened when one wallowed in darkness for so long; thoughts of being worthy enough to save - let alone to be the one to do the saving - ceased.

He was neither of those things.

As he slowly ascended the stairs to his rooms, bypassing all of the Royal Guard, who had naturally fallen asleep as they stood watch, he could not help but wonder if the story would end the same way it had begun - with him fleeing the country, broken heart in hand.

CHAPTER THIRTY

I give as much all I am, and it is still not enough to satisfy. -The Grimm Reaper

SOFIA STARED INTO THE darkness. It had taken quite a while for her to ready herself for bed because she had refused to have Ana help her, knowing that the maid would see the marks Ash had left on her chest and thighs.

The man's mouth was meant for pleasure.

A pleasure she craved. It was as if the more he gave, the more she wanted. He'd said he cared, but could he love her? Was it worth the risk?

A rustling sounded in the other room.

She held her breath.

"Damn it!" Something hit a wall, and then more cursing.

Without a second thought, she charged into Ash's room with a candle. "Are you all right?"

"No." Ash's chest heaved. His shirt was open, buttons had popped from their holes, and his face was a grimace of irritation.

"May I help?"

"Undressing," he said gruffly. "Remember when we first met and-"

"You were rude to me - how could I forget?"

"I wasn't rude, simply... eager to-"

"Be rid of me, yes, I know."

"Stop finishing my sentences!"

She arched her brows. "Well?"

"My arm, there are times it pains me, and I cannot lift it at the right angle to remove my shirtsleeves. The pain shoots across my chest, causing me to lose my breath."

"Here." Sofia set down the candle and walked over to Ash. She carefully pulled the shirt from his body then ran her fingers across his muscled back. So many scars, so many stories. "Is that better?"

"Don't stop." His voice was hoarse.

As she continued running her hands over his skin, he swayed on his feet.

Without speaking, she grabbed his hand and led him to the bed, where she gently helped him lie down.

"Like a witch lulling me to sleep," he slurred.

Sofia chuckled softly to herself and kissed his cheek. "Sleep, my Ash."

"Your Ash," he repeated. "I'm yours."

"Yes..." She fought the emotion clogging her throat. "...yes, you are."

The next two weeks flew by at an increased rate. Ash never left Sofia's side, and for that she was grateful. He was always ready to pull her in for a dance when she was about ready to throttle another suitor, and in the evening, he loved her. Though her guard seemed to become more and more suspicious, possibly because of the laughter that came from their rooms at night. She merely made up a lie that she was reading an amusing book.

Ash had rolled his eyes in her direction and later that evening asked her what possible written word could be better than his mouth?

None. The answer was none, and he proved it over and over again.

As she neared the final week of their affair, her heart started to get sick with worry; almost every evening he would need more and more help undressing, his arm giving him more pain than he said it had in the last few years.

And each time she'd asked him to see a doctor, he refused.

Finally, with only five days left of their time together, Sofia became so worried that she took matters into her own hands and sent a note immediately to the Duke of Haverstone.

She had some tea brought into the drawing room and waited patiently for the butler's announcement.

Right on time. "The Duke of Haverstone."

Hunter waltzed right into the room and sat. "My, my, things must be very serious for you to send a note directly to my residence."

"It's Ash."

"Bloody hell, what has he done now?" Hunter leaned forward. "If he's... hurt... you in any way, or-"

"No." Sofia almost laughed. "No it isn't that. He's... he's in pain."

"Ah, my dear..." Hunter leaned back in his chair. "...that is what a broken heart does to a man. It causes pain."

"Not that type of pain." Sofia clenched her fists. "He cannot change out of his clothes!"

Hunter's eyes narrowed. "And you know this because you simply stumble into his room every evening?"

The blood drained from Sofia's face, leaving her lightheaded, and, doubtless, her entire face had turned white as a ghost.

"Hmm, seems my brother has been keeping secrets from me." His face turned grim. "Now answer my question. It stays between us, but how do you know of his suffering?"

"I-I can't say."

"You can't or you won't?"

"We've become..." She swallowed. "...close."

"How close?" Hunter's voice was filled with dread; his eyes pinched together.

"Friends," she said with a forced cheerfulness she didn't feel. "He tells me things, and he said that... it pains him every night and, well, our bedchambers are side by side. I hear him try to undress without his valet. You see, we both arrive so late from the balls that we simply dismiss the staff."

"I'm sure that's the only reason," Hunter said dryly.

"Speak plainly if you wish to insult me." Sofia tilted her chin into the air, pretending to be upset when really she was terrified of exposure.

"Tell me..." Hunter reached for a cup of tea. "...have you decided upon a gentleman yet?"

Sofia's shoulders slumped in defeat.

"Ah, has my brother made the decision that difficult?"

"No. Of course not." Sofia forced a smile. "He is simply a good friend, a protector, helping me find my way. He even promised to introduce me to Lord Grimm." The lie was far too easy.

"Oh really?" Hunter's face was utter disbelief. "And how did that go?"

Sofia panicked. Hunter saw too much. If he believed her to be with Ash, they'd be forced to marry, and then she'd lose her country - not that she hadn't entertained the thought, but she wasn't sure yet, wasn't sure Ash loved her as much as she loved him. She would give up everything, but she needed to be sure he would do the same, so she lied again. "It was lovely! Absolutely lovely, I believe I might choose him."

"Splendid match." Hunter's smile grew. "Has Dominique spoken to the gentleman?"

Sofia coughed into her hand. "No, er, not yet. Lord Grimm had to leave for a few days and only just returned."

"Allow me the honor." Hunter winked. "I know the fellow quite well."

"Oh, but he's very private!" Sofia held out her hands. "He'd think it rude if you simply asked about me."

"I know exactly how to approach it, my dear." Hunter took another sip of tea. "I was a spy for the Crown. I'll simply fish for information and plant the lovely idea in his head that a proposal would be - advantageous for him."

"Yes," Sofia croaked, nearly choking on her tea. "That sounds... wonderful." But it didn't. Because Lord Grimm was not Ash.

And she wanted Ash.

Even if the feeling wasn't mutual.

"Well then..." Hunter stood. "...I really should be going."

"You'll talk to Ash then?" Sofia jumped to her feet. "You'll force him to see a doctor?"

"Why does it concern you so?" Hunter asked. "Why does it matter?"

"Because..." Sofia looked down at her feet. "...I care for him a great deal. He is... the best friend I've ever had." That was the truth. Oh, he was so much more, but that was how it had started. He was her friend, and he'd always be her friend first, her lover second. Oh, that he could be her husband as well.

"Good answer." Hunter reached for her hand and kissed her knuckles. "I imagine you'll be at the annual Renwick ball this evening?"

Sofia forced the tears to stay in. It wouldn't do to cry in front of the man's brother. She loved him and could not have him. "Yes, I look forward to it."

"Save a dance for Lord Grimm. I'm sure he'll be itching to waltz with you."

"Of course." Sofia curtsied while Hunter bowed and quit the room.

Too close. He was too close to finding out the truth, and, in all the weeks she'd been attending the Seasons festivities, she still hadn't a clue as to who Lord Grimm was! Every time she'd heard the whispers and had seen people pointing, she'd turn and see none other than Ash standing by her side, blocking the way! The man never moved, never let her see who everyone seemed keen on discussing. But perhaps that was his way of protecting her from making a horrid match. After all, the stories of Lord Grimm had worsened by the week.

First, he'd been simply dangerous and mysterious.

Next, he had been a murderer.

Finally, they'd said he had tried to kill a woman, only to point the gun at himself once he'd succeeded.

Rumors, all of them, but still, she had to wonder, if they were true, why did people still allow him into the balls? Why didn't they shun him completely from society?

Hunter was in for a surprise when Lord Grimm denied ever knowing her, but one thing she did know for certain about London gentlemen: more often than not, they chose politeness over anything else. So she could at least count on English manners to save her the embarrassment of Hunter discovering her lie.

She stared at the door, not wanting to go through it for fear that time would go quicker. She needed to ready herself for the ball, and the last thing she wanted to do was to ready herself for another dance that she knew would end with her searching for Ash, needing to be in his arms.

The same door she was staring down opened.

Ash stepped through and shut it quietly behind him.

No words were spoken; he simply strode toward her, lifted her in his arms, and met her mouth with a frenzied passion she'd never experienced in her life... until him.

"I was worried," he whispered against her mouth. "One of your guard said you'd disappeared." He set her on her feet and stepped back. "Always tell me where you are."

"My guard should know I'm perfectly safe." Sofia folded her arms across her chest. "Besides, they are more of a hindrance than a help."

Ash snorted. "Believe me, I know. Just earlier today I had to move Samson from the hall because he damn-near fell asleep on his own gun."

Sofia covered her mouth.

"He's unharmed, and I removed the ammunition so he wouldn't hurt himself." He looked heavenward. "It's all right to laugh. I did, once the crisis was averted."

"I'm sorry they've been such a bother. I know Dominique is ready to strangle Cornelius, as he won't stop following him around."

"Hero worship." Ash nodded. "Are you sure you're feeling well? We don't need to attend the ball tonight."

His concern warmed her heart, making her want to ask the question, but she was still too afraid of his rejection.

"Ash..."

"Yes?"

"Kiss me?"

"Demanding little princess."

"Only with my soldier."

Ash smiled, his green eyes flashing as he gently pulled her back into his arms and took possession of her mouth. His tongue was warm; his mouth tasted of cinnamon. She clung to his body, afraid to let go.

"I cannot be without you," she whispered.

"And I cannot change the stars." Ash's face shadowed for a brief instant, and he stepped back. "Now, shall I send Ana up to help you ready for the ball?"

Dismissed, Sofia could only nod and agree.

She had her answer.

He cared for her.

He might even love her.

But not enough to fight - or to even try to find another way out of the predicament she was in.

CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE

I have made my own bed. Now I must lie in it. -The Grimm Reaper

ASH FOUGHT WITH GUILT the entire way to the ball. Dominique and Isabelle accompanied them, which naturally meant that the rest of the Royal Guard felt it their royal duty to protect the entire family.

It was an utter disaster. One fell asleep walking - yes, walking - to the carriage, while the other sneezed so loud it scared the horses into rearing up and causing the footman to tumble to the ground.

The only bright moment of the evening came when Sofia descended the stairs in a snow-white gown, her entire face aglow with excitement, her lips ripe for the tasting.

Ash had stared, and stared, and stared, never gaining his fill. She was perfection. And for now, she was his and only his.

He loved her.

He knew he loved her. He simply didn't wish to ruin her life by confessing it. Loving her was akin to loving the stars; one simply didn't confess then demand they fall to the ground and shatter into a million pieces. No, when one loved someone that wondrous, one kept her away from the fall, away from the darkness.

He had four days left of her passion.

Four days to share his soul with her.

And in four days, he had promised Hunter he'd seek out a doctor to gain a diagnosis he already knew to be true. For the pain had passed from something annoying to debilitating over the last few weeks. The mornings were the worst, when his muscles would be so sore that he was unable to move for several minutes upon waking.

Even now, his chest throbbed. His arm ached.

He flexed his hand and grimaced.

Sofia placed her glove on his and quickly removed it, her way of showing her support, comfort, encouragement. Bloody hell, he was going to be an absolute mess without her.

Then again, if things were progressing as he assumed, he wouldn't live long enough anyway. The suffering would be short-lived. And that made him feel guilty because he knew she would suffer too, and it would be his fault.

The carriage ride was too short, just like Ash's grasp on reality, for he desperately wanted to live in a fairytale world where he could simply kidnap the princess and live happily ever after.

"Oh, it's beautiful!" Isabelle gushed. "Sofia, I'll have to introduce you to Lady Renwick. You'll adore her!"

"I look forward to it." Sofia touched Ash's leg, just slightly, enough to let him know she'd look for him later. She followed Isabelle out of the carriage. The women quickly walked up the stairs while Ash lingered.

"I hope you don't mind me saying..." Dominique grimaced. "...but, Ash, you look horrible."

"Thank you." Ash swore under his breath. "I'm simply... not enjoying all the balls."

"Well, I have good news then!" Dominique slapped him on the back. "It seems my cousin has made a choice."

"Truly?" Ash suddenly felt the need to throw his countenance all over the stairs. "She has said as much?"

"Not to me..." Dominique elbowed him. "...but I see it in her eyes. It helps that Hunter stopped by earlier. He was very convincing."

"Remind me to thank him." Ash ground his teeth together; he was going to murder his brother. It was as simple as that.

"I wouldn't go thanking him just yet..." Something flashed in Dominique's eyes before he shrugged and looked away. "...but I imagine it is for the best. She needs to marry after all."

"Yes." Ash couldn't find one enthusiastic cell in his entire body, couldn't breathe, couldn't do anything save stare at the space in front of him and imagine Sofia filling it.

"The Royal Prince Maskylov and Lord Grimm!" The announcement jolted Ash out of his daze.

"What the devil!" Ash swore a blue streak. "They are never to announce that name!"

Dominique shrugged. "Perhaps it is time to."

Ash huffed, irritated that he had the attention of every single lady within attendance, every lady but Sofia, who was just now weaving through the crowds, her attention on the stairs.

At least now she knew.

The lie was over.

The battle lost.

She would hate him forever.

The apology was just on his lips when Sofia appeared in front of him. "Drat!"

"I'm sorry?"

"Is he still here?" She peered around Ash.

"Whom are we discussing?" He braced her shoulders.

She stomped her foot. "Lord Grimm!"

"Sofia?"

"Well?" She placed her hands on her hips. "Is he in attendance?"

Ash's eyes narrowed. "He is."

"I must speak to him!"

"Why?"

"I'm afraid I cannot tell you that..."

Ash rolled his eyes. "I believe you can."

"It's too... embarrassing."

Ash grinned. "Having fantasies about the fallen hero, are you?"

Sofia blushed. Her eyebrows arched. "I'm afraid I'm too busy living out my fantasies. I'm afraid I have no more storage left for such thoughts..."

"Damn, I could kiss you right now," Ash whispered, his lips nearing hers. "I wish to take you in as many ways as my creative genius can conjure up... and I wish to do it in front of every bloody man in this room so he knows who you belong to."

"Finally claiming me?" she teased.

Ash knew it was improper, knew that if they were caught, it would be the end of her future, but he could not help himself. So, in a crowded room, a crush full of people, he leaned in to whisper in her ear, his tongue licking its way around the curve. "I'll damn well claim you right here. Right now. Just say the word."

"My, my!" Pierce's voice sounded from behind Ash.

Already painfully aroused, he was ready to pull his pistol on his friend. Instead, he forced a smile and reared back. "Ah, bane of my existence, how do you fare?"

"Better." Pierce held out his hand to Sofia. "Shall we dance?"

"Her card is full," Ash said through clenched teeth.

"Impossible." Pierce tsked. "I see at least two blank spots." He reached for the card and winked at Ash. "Never fear, Mother. I'll return her just as pure as I found her."

That was what Ash was afraid of, for she was pure - only barely, and that was because he couldn't find it within himself to take her virginity. He wanted to - desperately - but he couldn't do it.

"You look like you could use a drink." Hunter handed Ash a glass of wine and sighed. "Lovely, it seems Pierce is smitten."

"Pierce is smitten on a daily basis. Just yesterday, he gazed that same way at his horse then burst into tears. He was foxed, but nonetheless, Pierce is... harmless."

"Hmm..." Hunter took a sip of wine. "...if you say so."

Pierce whispered something in Sofia's ear. She laughed, and he pulled her closer.

"Yes, harmless," Hunter said dryly. "So harmless I can feel the anger radiating off you. Tell me, is your pistol loaded?"

"Did you need something?"

"An announcement." Hunter grinned. "It seems Dominique cannot wait a second longer. Perhaps you should rescue the princess before Pierce decides he wants to pluck her from your grasp."

"She isn't in my grasp."

"The hell she isn't." Hunter chuckled and lifted his glass in cheers.

Ash weaved through the crowd. The dance ended just as he reached her.

The music stopped, and Dominique walked to the front of the room. He stood on the fourth or fifth stair with Hunter by his side.

The men commanded the room, the power and money between the two damn-near choking the life out of Ash, making him feel that much more unworthy to be at Sofia's side. He was nothing like his brother, nothing like Dominique. Simply a second son, titled, rich, but what set him apart? Nothing, just bloodstained hands.

"I have an announcement of felicitations!" Dominique beamed, a rarity for the beastly man. "It seems my cousin has finally met her match!"

Hunter grinned at Ash.

Ash's legs went weak. So this was it. She'd made her choice and failed to tell him.

"I haven't..." Sofia said through clenched teeth. "You must do something! You must!"

But Ash knew he couldn't.

Not without causing a scandal. So he stood a bit closer, offering his body as comfort as much as he could without pulling her into his arms. His entire demeanor shook with rage, anger, and sadness - a lot of sadness.

"Let us raise our glasses to Princess Sofia Maskylov and her affianced..." Ash swayed on his feet. "...Lord Grimm!"

Cheers erupted.

Ash's mouth dropped open while Sofia covered hers. Stunned, Ash could only stand still, hot and cold, while Sofia shook her head to him and mouthed, "Sorry."

She had no idea how sorry he was about to be.

She was apologizing now.

She was sad... for now.

In a few minutes, she would be livid and heartbroken, for she'd know his lie... and it would wreck her from the inside out. How could Hunter? And Dominique? How?

"Well!" Dominique clapped. "I'd like to dedicate this next waltz to the new couple."

The music began to play.

Sofia looked around the crowds, most likely for Lord Grimm.

Shaking, Ash turned to Sofia and gripped her hands.

"What are you doing?" Her smile showed her fear. "If Lord Grimm sees you touching me, then..." She shook her head.

Ash said nothing, simply brought her into his arms and began the dance.

People watched, smiles plastered on their faces, all deliriously happy for the couple... for them.

Sofia's smile was forced, her eyes still anxiously darting around the room. Her forehead puckered, and then, the moment happened. The moment where she realized the great betrayal. Her back went completely straight, her face ashen, and when she lifted her eyes to meet Ash's, it was wasn't anger or even betrayal he saw.... but such a deep sadness he'd rather pluck out his own heart on a daily basis than ever see such a look again.

He had thought he was protecting her heart.

But by protecting her - he had unknowingly broken it.

His fault.

Again.

For a broken heart was just like death - and he'd been the one to cause it.

CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO

What have I done? -The Grimm Reaper

NO. IT COULDN'T BE. Sofia begged for a man to step out of the crowd and claim his name as Lord Grimm, but the minute she met Ash's guilty face, she knew. She knew the truth.

He was Lord Grimm.

He was the elusive mysterious man everyone talked about in hushed tones.

And they were to be married.

She should be happy; she was going to marry Ash, after all. But happiness was the farthest thing from her mind.

He had lied to her!

She was willing to give up everything for him, and he'd lied! Was she that horrible? Was he that stubborn? Why? She tried to stay logical; there had to be a reason, but her heart wouldn't allow logic to take a turn. There was no rationality about the pain in her chest or the choking sensation around her throat.

She loved him.

The music ended. Ash released her. People clapped.

And Sofia felt nothing.

Ash led her to the edge of the room and then down the dark hallway to a room.

He opened the door and ushered her in.

It locked behind them.

A library. A beautiful library with hundreds of books, but she could not appreciate the beauty. Too sick to say anything, she simply stood, head held high, waiting for his excuses.

"I should have told you..." His voice was weak, so unlike its typical deep timbre. "...but I-"

"I love you!" Sofia yelled. "Do you know that?"

Ash took a step backward while Sofia charged forward, pushing against his chest. "I love you." Tears streamed down her face. "I love you more than my country... more than my people. You let me fall in love with you! But I don't even know who you are!"

"Sofia-"

"No!" Sofia pushed against his chest again, anger making her want to pound it until he hurt as bad as she did. "Do you truly think so little of me? That I would love you and marry another?"

Ash said nothing. He hung his head and cursed.

"I was giving it up." Sofia pulled away.

"Giving what up?" Ash reached for her, but she jerked her hand out of his grasp. "Sofia?"

"My title..." Her lower lip quivered. "I was going to give up my title, my claim to the land, the riches, the people... I was going to tell Dominique tomorrow. You see..." She felt braver as she spoke. "...we are all given a choice, Ash... and you were mine."

He tried reaching for her again, but she moved away.

"Sofia-" He choked out the word. "-I'm... not well."

"I don't care that you're heartbroken." Sofia shook her head. "I don't care about your past, and it should never define your future. I know your heart is sad, but if you would have let me..." She smiled through her tears. "...if you would have let me, I would have tried my best every day of my life... to heal it."

"You have no idea how sorry I am, Sofia... how much I wish I could take it back and tell you the truth from the beginning."

"Would it have changed anything? Or would you still be running?"

"I don't run."

"You do," Sofia argued. "You're so afraid you can't even breathe. It chokes you." She lowered her head, her body feeling so heavy she thought she might faint. "I would have been your air." Slowly she reached up and cupped his cheek. "I would have done anything to be with you until the end."

"What are you saying?" Ash gripped her hands then forced his mouth against hers. His kiss was urgent, desperate.

"I think that should be obvious." Sofia lowered her head. "I'm saying goodbye..."

"If you return to your country, you'll die."

"Then I die..." Sofia sobbed. "...but at least I won't be running. I've seen what running does... I refuse to give in to the temptation to be weak when I have the opportunity to be brave."

"You need a husband."

"So marry me and let me live my life in peace." Sofia hated the words as they left her mouth. "It would suit you best. After all, you're the great Grimm Reaper... you need nothing, you love nothing, you desire... nothing."

With each word she spoke, Ash flinched.

But he didn't deny it.

And maybe that was the worst part... he denied nothing; he simply accepted his fate as if he had no choice in the matter. When given the chance to fight for something that mattered, he stood motionless while Sofia was forced to make the choice she'd rather die than make.

"Sofia-"

"Leave me." Hot tears streamed down her face. "Just... leave me."

Ash nodded and stepped out of the room. When she'd needed him to deny her most... he'd given in.

She slumped into a nearby chair and hung her head in her hands, giving in to the soft sobs as they wracked her body.

The door clicked open again. She wiped her tears. "Ash, I need a moment."

"Do you address every gentleman so familiar?" came the smooth voice, a tinge of a Russian accent claiming each word.

Dread spread throughout Sofia's body as she slowly lifted her head. "P-Peter?"

"Tears?" he spat. "Is that the way to greet your betrothed?"

"You are not my betrothed! I'm to be married to an English gentleman, and, when I do marry him, I'm going to have you hung!"

Peter threw back his head and laughed.

How she had ever found him attractive was a mystery. His features were too sharp, his hair too long and dark.

He pulled out a pistol and clicked the hammer. "I think not, Princess. Now, keep quiet. We're going for a little... trip."

"No."

He lowered the gun. "Fine."

Sofia's head jerked up just as his hand flew across the air in front of her. Something heavy hit the back of her head, and utter blackness enveloped her line of vision.

The last thought she had was of Ash.

If she could see him but once more, she'd tell him she loved him until her voice was hoarse and make it impossible for him to leave.

But he was gone.

And she was going to die.

CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE

The thing about falling for someone is you can't plan it, and the minute you realize what has taken place, it's impossible to stop the destruction and pain that lay in its wake, when you do the one unforgiveable thing - like walk away. -The Grimm Reaper

ASH'S EARS RANG WITH her words, "I love you." Over and over again, she'd repeated it as if he was deaf and unable to hear, and the horrible part? The first time she'd said it, he thought his ears were playing tricks on him; he'd needed it a second and third time.

But by the fourth, he wasn't able to deny the reality. Better she hate him, better she despise him, than love him and lose him, because he would be lost. It was as if the bullet lodged in his chest was trying to remind him he had less and less time in this world. The pain was so severe he had to stop and lean against the wall. Perspiration fell from his forehead onto his jacket.

His vision blurred for a brief moment. Was he losing consciousness? And then his face was wet - right below his eyes. Tears. He was crying.

The great Grimm Reaper, assassin of London, was crying.

Over a woman.

The last time he'd cried over a female, the tears had tasted bitter, for she hadn't been his to cry over. But now? The tears were real, tangible, salty... and filled with regret. Had he been a better person, had he been a better assassin, the bullet would not have found its way into his chest, and she would be his.

She had said as much.

His past didn't matter.

Could it be true that she saw him for the man he really was? The man that he had buried so long ago - she had pulled free of his chains, only to have Ash lock him back up again.

"Ash!" A voice yelled for him.

He jerked his head up to see Cornelius bent over in front of him, heaving from exertion. "Ash, the witch is here. She's here!"

"Witch?" Ash repeated, his mind clouded by confusion. "Speak plainly, man!"

The rest of the Royal Guard tumbled toward Ash, pushing people out of the way. Well, at least the engagement was old news now that the Russians were pushing members of the ton into the punch bowls.

Samson's face was white as a sheet. "She is here!"

"Who is she?" Ash demanded in a commanding tone.

"She will kill her..." Gerald shook his head. "We tried to follow her, but she lives in the shadows. If he is with her, then there is no hope. No hope at all."

"She..." Ash's mind worked quickly. "Sofia's stepmother, Esmerelda is here?"

All of their heads nodded solemnly.

Dunlin's shoulders slumped. "We have failed."

"No," Benedict said in a quiet voice. "They are still at the ball. They would have had to leave through at least three of the entrances I've been watching. They are still present."

Surprised, Ash gave him a nod of approval and looked around at the misfits. They were loyal. He had to give them that. And right now, they would have to do. Because the woman he loved - the woman he would die for - was with the enemy, and he'd made a promise to her. A promise to protect her until his dying day.

"This is what we are going to do," Ash said, injecting steel into his voice. He barked instructions in rapid succession.

Each guard nodded and disappeared as soon as he'd been dismissed.

"Pierce and Hunter," Ash said aloud. Damn, he hated involving them.

"Thy name sounds so sweet upon your lips." Pierce sauntered up to him, his smile giddy until he noticed Ash's expression. "What the hell happened?"

"She's here." Cornelius, the only remaining guard, spoke up.

"Lots of she's running about." Pierce's eyebrows shot up.

"Sofia's stepmother... she's... evil... wants to kill the princess." Cornelius gritted his teeth.

Pierce focused in on Ash. "What do you need? Consider it done."

"I need you to be yourself..." Ash nodded. "...with the stepmother. Can you do that?"

"Be myself?" Pierce's eyebrows furrowed.

Cornelius sighed. "He means for you to seduce the elderly woman."

Pallor swept over Pierce's face as he visibly recoiled. "Elderly?"

"Cornelius," Ash warned. "Remember what I said. Do you think you can accomplish such a task?"

Squaring his shoulders, Cornelius drew a stout breath. Then he nodded and ran off.

"Pierce," Ash said, smacking his friend on the shoulder. "We're to play a game."

"Oh splendid. I do love a good chess match. Tell me, am I going to topple the queen?"

"One could only hope."

"A scuffle before lovemaking." Pierce grinned and pulled the pistol from his pocket. "All in all, a lovely evening."

"We have to save her." Ash pushed his emotions back into the furthest recesses of his mind. He had to think clearly, without emotion, without feeling. He could not - would not - put Sofia in more danger than she was already in. With a cold stare in Pierce's direction, he pulled the pistol from his pocket. "Shoot to kill."

"Always do."

CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR

It is always imperative that when aiming to kill - one does not hesitate. Hesitation leads to death, most likely your own. -The Grimm Reaper

SOFIA AWOKE WITH A start. Her arms were tied in front of her, placed on her lap. The room was dimly lit, or perhaps it was her vision. Peter stood a few feet away, his dark eyes gleaming with hatred, and her stepmother - her very own stepmother - stood by his side.

She looked every inch the royalty she was, from her crimson dress with matching headdress to the giant feathers poking from her head. Her neck was draped in diamonds and rubies, so much so that it appeared as if she'd worn every piece of jewelry she owned.

Ruby slippers peeked from beneath her heavy velvet gown.

"So..." Esmeralda's voice chilled Sofia to the core. "...you've been busy."

Sofia glared.

"Then again..." Esmerelda's eyebrow arched. "I always knew you were never good enough to be princess... but an English whore?" Her lip curled into a snarl. "My, how the mighty fall."

"Just following my stepmother's shining example. Tell me, how many lovers did you take during your marriage? Was it seven, or ten?"

The vile woman's eyes narrowed.

Sofia tossed her head. "Oh, I see you've lost count. Age has a way of doing that to one's brain."

Esmerelda stalked toward her. The slap echoed across the face. The rings may as well have imprinted themselves permanently onto Sofia's skin. Wincing, she reached for her cheek, only to have her wrist grabbed by her stepmother.

"Stupid girl." With a jerk, she released her wrist and laughed, the lines around her face deepening with hatred as her icy blue eyes examined Sofia from head to toe. "Peter, come here, dear."

Peter strode toward them, each step precisely placed, his smile menacing.

Despite her resolve to be strong, Sofia shivered.

"Well..." Her stepmother arched her eyebrows. "...may as well get it over with."

"Over with?" Sofia repeated, looking between them.

"You have ten minutes." Her stepmother sniffed. "I'll wait in the hall, and then we'll make our leave."

Peter's smile turned positively bone-chilling. "I only need five." His eyes focused in on Sofia's decolletage. He licked his lips.

She stepped back, the backs of her legs hitting the chair. "Wait, what are you doing?"

The sound of her stepmother's laughter caused a sob to catch in Sofia's throat. Her own stepmother.

"I'm doing what I should have done ages ago, my dear." Peter tilted his head. "Teaching you a lesson." He reached for the sleeves of her gown and ripped them clean off; her dress hung loosely around her breasts. She reached up to keep it in place, only to have her hands pried away again.

Peter reached for her breasts. "Like ripe... apples."

Her lower lip quivered as she tried to pull away.

He cursed and jerked her against his body. "There will be no escaping this."

Sofia squeezed her eyes shut. She imagined a world where there was no evil, a world where Peter wasn't touching her intimately... a world where only she and Ash existed.

A happy ending where the ashes from her father's grave weren't a sign of evil things to come - but a marriage to a man she loved.

Cornelius stumbled down the hall ahead of Ash and ran right into the lady in the red dress.

"Mistress!" he exclaimed. "You've arrived! And not a moment too soon!"

Her eyes narrowed, piercing him with a glare. "You betrayed me."

"I was deceived by her lies." Cornelius sniffled. "I loved her!"

"Please..." The woman rolled her eyes. "...she's but a child."

"But her skin... white as snow, her lips as red as a rose." Cornelius placed his hand over his heart.

The woman touched her own face, her hands shaking. "But she is not the fairest of all. She will never take my place."

"No woman could." He nodded in earnest. "But, well, I don't know if I should say it."

"Speak plainly lest you stop amusing me and I kill you with your own sword."

Cornelius hung his head. "She has a secret... one that keeps her... young."

The woman's eyebrows arched. "What is it? Tell me what it is!"

"Apples." Cornelius shrugged. "Special apples only grown in the most foreign of orchards- They sell them here, for a price."

The woman didn't look convinced. "What are they called?"

"Fairest Apples," he lied. "Ask anyone."

That was Ash's cue. He and Pierce walked down the hallway, laughing and stumbling into one another.

"You! You there!" The woman stomped her foot. "Have you heard of these apples?"

"Apples?" Ash slurred. "Are you mad?"

Pierce slapped him on the back and threw his head back in riotous laughter. "My lady, if you are hungry, eat!"

The woman glared. "I'm asking of the Fairest Apples. Have you heard of them?"

Pierce sobered. "My lady, whatever you need such apples for? Your beauty..." He shook his head slowly. "...it bloody well takes my breath away."

She blushed - actually blushed - and looked down.

"Such beauty needs nothing but a man to admire it." He slowly stumbled toward her and then pressed his body against hers. "A man to take care of it."

Her eyes hooded.

"And you are... that man?" She purred.

"My lady... whatever you need me to be... I will be. Simply kiss me and be done with it."

She hesitated just briefly before Pierce lowered his head and turned so she was pressing him back against the wall.

There would be no way for her to hear the movement.

Nor would she notice.

Ash was swift as he gripped her wrists and tugged her back against him, holding them in one hand. He held a knife to her throat. "Where's Sofia?"

"Sofia?"

"Play dumb and the knife goes deeper, Your Highness." To prove his point, he dug the knife further into her throat, causing blood to trickle down her chest. With a shake, he asked again, "The princess?"

"Is soiled... most likely dead by now. After all, I gave him ten minutes, and he said he only needed five. You have failed, you have-"

"I tire of you already, old witch." With that he slit her throat, callous of the blood streaming from her body as he stepped over her. "Search every room. The guard are blocking each exit. We will search until we find her." In hindsight, killing the woman probably hadn't been his best moment, but the rage that had overtaken him was unlike anything he'd ever experienced.

The woman had been waiting in the hall.

Waiting for something.

He looked up at the doors to the library and pushed them open.

There Sofia stood, eyes closed, as a man hovered in front of her, tugging her dress from her body. Tears streamed down her face, but she did not cry out, did not beg for mercy. Simply stood there as if a queen receiving her crown at her coronation.

Ash moved wordlessly behind the man and pressed his pistol to the back of his head. "Breathe, and I shoot."

The man cursed then lifted his hands into the air. Ash pulled the gun slightly back, but that was all it took for the man to turn and lunge, toppling them both to the floor.

The gun clattered out of Ash's hand as a heavy body collided with his, sending his head sailing back against the wood floor. He hit the guy with a right hook and scrambled for the pistol but was hit in the back of the head. Bloody nuisance, the guy was.

"Ash!" Sofia called, somewhere in the haze.

With a roar, Ash kneed the man in the stomach, his fingers touching the hammer of the pistol just as a gunshot rang out. Something pinched his back. Well, that couldn't be a good sign.

Eyes blurry from all the blunt hits to his head, Ash tried to focus in on something, anything other than the pain piercing his spine and the man trying to hurt the woman he loved.

He loved her.

Ash loved Sofia.

Perhaps more than he'd ever cared to admit to another soul - even his own.

He turned and quickly elbowed the man in the face; a loud crack resounded through the room and then, without hesitation, he pulled the hammer on the pistol, aiming for the man's chest.

The shot hit dead center.

The man stumbled backward, said something in Russian, then, with a shaky hand, lifted the gun in his right hand and aimed straight for Sofia.

Ash didn't have time think; he simply reacted and pushed her out of the way, just as a searing pain hit him in the neck.

Exactly where his scar had been.

Funny, that ten years ago he had given himself that very scar in hopes to end his life... and now, he was re-opening it to save not only his own - but hers.

Love had come full circle, just like life.

And like his namesake, he was returning to the ash he'd been created from, but at least in his return, in his fall back down to earth, he would look upon her face, the woman he loved, and know he'd done absolutely everything he could have to save her.

And succeeded.

With a smile, he fell to the ground as Sofia rushed to his side.

"You're going to be all right, Ash," she sobbed. "I swear it." She rocked him back and forth. "Help! Someone help us!"

"So pretty." Ash choked, reaching up to cup her soft face. "I'll love you... forever..."

Sofia gripped his face with her hands and kissed him on the lips, her tears causing her to taste more salty than sweet.

"Ash, you need to stay awake, stay with me. I'm going to stop the bleeding."

Ash gazed into her eyes and whispered, "But, love... you already did, the minute you said you loved me. You already did..." The room grew dim, and he heard shouts. Was that Hunter or Pierce? Several footsteps crowded into the library. Warmth overtook him as he leaned his head against Sofia's chest and welcomed the death he never deserved.

One of honor.

One of love.

One with a vision of a girl with skin as white as snow... and lips as red as a rose... eyes the color of lilacs.

CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE

Death is not peaceful, for the very moment you imagine you're ready to leave this earth - something pulls you back, demanding you stay. -The Grimm Reaper

SOFIA PACED BACK AND forth while the surgeon worked on Ash. Hunter had tried to get her to leave, but she'd thrown such a fit that he'd let her stay. It helped that she was the one who had been keeping Ash's lifeblood from leaving his body.

When the doctor said to remove her hand from his wound, she'd been so terrified he would die that it had taken Hunter physically removing her from the bedside in order for her to back away from Ash - from the love of her life.

Who was currently dying before her very eyes.

"I am doing what I can," the doctor said with a heavy voice. "The bullet grazed his neck. Nothing was punctured, though the gunshot wound to his back..." His words died off as he continued to work on Ash.

The man she loved was motionless.

He'd awoken once - screaming. Hunter had knocked him out in order to gain enough time to produce some laudanum.

"Is it deep?" Hunter tugged at his jacket and paced the room. "Will he be... paralyzed?"

Sofia's breath caught in her throat. She hadn't thought about what it would mean - saving him. Would he ever forgive her if he was paralyzed because she'd chosen not to let him bleed all over the floor? Knees suddenly weak, she went over to the chair and sat. She hung her head in her hands.

Her bloodstained hands.

"It isn't the new bullet wound I'm concerned about," the surgeon said quietly. "It was a clean shot through the muscle. I've removed it. As long as there is no infection, we shall be just fine. My concern is the bruising across his chest near his heart. How long has he been this way?"

Hunter's eyes flickered to Sofia. "Perhaps it is best spoken of in private."

"No." Sofia stood. "He is my fiance, is he not?"

Hunter ground his teeth together and faced the doctor. "It is an old wound, one that has never quite healed correctly. His other two doctors have given him... months to live."

Sofia gasped.

Hunter didn't turn but simply said, "It was for the best he not tell you, Sofia."

"For the best?" she repeated in a weak voice. "That I not treasure every moment we had together? That I not memorize every kiss, every touch?

The surgeon coughed.

Hunter paled. "He asked it of me, and after..." He licked his lips and looked down. "...it was the least I could do."

With a glare, she pushed past Hunter and addressed the doctor. "Are you able to fix it?"

"I do not know what it... is." The surgeon sighed heavily. "There seems to be an infection. It is dangerously close. If I had his permission to operated, maybe, but-"

"I give it," Hunter said softly. "Whatever you need to do, do it. I imagine the infection will kill him if you do nothing."

The surgeon's silence was answer enough.

"Well?" Sofia crossed her arms.

"Right." The surgeon was elderly, his glasses crooked on his face. Sweat poured from his temples as he leaned over Ash's body and poured whiskey across his chest. "My lady, this is not the place for you to-"

"I'm staying." Sofia clenched her jaw. "Remove me from this room, and you will need help removing that blade from your heart."

The surgeon sputtered.

"Russian," Hunter said as if that explained everything.

It must have, considering the doctor simply nodded and continued to slice open the skin in the middle of Hunter's chest.

Ash let out a moan.

Sofia reached for his lifeless hand and gripped it.

He appeared so calm, despite the jumbled groans coming from his mouth. His face was passive. She could study him in earnest. He was a beautiful man from his full lips to his strong jaw, and those eyes - they were deadly when they gazed upon her. She'd do anything, say anything to make him stay.

"Ash... please be strong," Sofia whispered in his ear as she pushed his hair back from his forehead. "Please, for us, be strong."

Minutes later, the surgeon let out a whistle.

Sofia was afraid to ask if it was one of hopelessness or shock.

"I think..." The surgeon reached for a pair of forceps and leaned over Ash's body, his face nearly touching Ash's skin. "...I think- Ah... yes. That's it."

Sofia released Ash's hand and walked over to the doctor.

He pulled something metallic from where he'd cut, and then the forceps caught a piece of something long, and he tugged.

Sofia almost lost her countenance, as he kept tugging and finally freed the piece of material from Ash, dropping it onto the bedside. The smell was horrendous, as if he had just pulled out a dead animal and cooked it over a fire.

Sofia covered her mouth while Hunter stared dumbstruck. "Is that a piece of cloth?"

The surgeon cursed under his breath. "Some doctors never learn. Tell me, did your brother often travel to small villages for work? Other countries?"

Hunter nodded.

"It seems a very young doctor made a very deadly mistake. He left behind what was supposed to be used to keep your brother from bleeding. Not only did he miss part of the bullet lodged in his skin, but sewed him up with the cloth inside. I've seen this practice only when there is fear of the patient bleeding out, but it has since been abolished because of infection. If a doctor uses this procedure, they are to remove the cloth within twenty-four hours, never leave it behind to rot."

"So he'll live?" Hunter asked the question on the tip of Sofia's tongue.

"If he dies..." The surgeon needled some thread. "...it will not be because of what happened this evening. However, the infection is still in his body. He will need to fight it, and he will need much rest. There has been a lot of blood loss."

"What else can we do?" Sofia blurted. "Are there any special herbs? Anything?"

The doctor tilted his head. "My dear, he simply needs something to fight for, something to make him strong."

Sofia's shoulders slumped.

"He means you." Hunter's voice was encouraging. "He has you, what more could he need?"

Sofia wasn't convinced. "He was ready to leave me before."

"He was ready to leave you because he loved you," Hunter said plainly. "Because he couldn't imagine a life where you would be forced to wed a man who was about to die, where you would be forced to wed a man you might believe to still be in love with someone who was no longer living."

Sofia's head snapped up.

"But..." Hunter cursed under his breath. "...that is his story to tell, and believe me, he'll be cross if I'm the one to explain it. Simply stay by his bedside. Don't they say true love's kiss cures all that ails us?"

The doctor let out a soft chuckle and finished sewing Ash's wound while Sofia pulled a chair to his bedside.

Three hours later, and his condition still hadn't changed. A fever had set in, causing him to thrash about. One minute the man was speaking French, then Russian, only to fall back into Spanish, and then some other language she wasn't able to identify.

"Ash." She draped a cold cloth on his forehead. "Ash, you must stay with me. You must fight."

Words were useless. If he could not hear her, what was the point?

Feeling silly but desperate, she took one glance at his lips and leaned in, touching hers to his in a soft brush and then harder. Perhaps if he could not hear her, he could at least feel her.

CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX

There was darkness - and then light, as blinding as winter's snow... and then there was a kiss, a searing kiss. -The Grimm Reaper

ASH WAS FALLING, CATAPULTING toward the fires of hell. It seemed that every moment he started to feel relief across his body, it was stolen again by the flames.

He was dying or already dead - he wasn't sure which - but he was certain things were not good. Fire was never a good sign, after all.

And then, just when hope seemed lost, something cold touched his lips. It was so deliciously cold, like eating an ice in the middle of summer, or lying down in a pile of snow. He clung to the cold, worshipped it. He made promises to it.

The ice was so much better than the fire. He imagined his lips sucking in the ice and blowing it across the flames.

It seemed to be working because the more he focused in on the cold touching his lips, the better his body felt, until suddenly the flames simply stopped.

And he realized, with certainty, that he was not dead.

He was very much alive.

And he was being kissed - not by snow, though it had once been his nickname for her. Snow White... he was being kissed by the princess, by his love, and through her kiss she was saving his life, giving of her own? Greedily he took and he took, until finally he felt the pain leave and in its place...

Peace.

"Snow..." he whispered. "White."

"Ash?" Her voice was as soft as a snowflake touching his face. "Ash, are you awake?"

"More." His voice was hoarse, dry to the bone. "More snow!"

"Snow?" she asked.

"More snow!" He licked his lips.

And then he felt her again, her lips cool, water trickling into his mouth, for she was not simply kissing him, but aiding him in drinking water.

He felt each drop as it flooded through his system, putting out the fire, dissipating the pain.

"Open your eyes," she urged.

"Open them for me." Opening them himself seemed too great an effort.

"How about this?" Her breath was cool on his cheek. "Open your eyes, and I'll give you more."

"More?" He squeezed his eyes tighter.

"Mmm." Her cold nose nipped his neck, and then her teeth were pulling at his ear, and it was bliss. He damn well better not be dead and forced to live in that very same position while her lips assaulted him. Then again, he wasn't complaining if that was his future, but he wanted to open his eyes, damn it!

"Ash..." Her lips teased his cheek. "Open your eyes."

He forced one eye open and then both. The room was one large blur and then movement to his left. He blinked a few times, swirls of color danced in front of his eyes. He held his breath willing them to part so he could focus on something-anything other than the pain. A movement from his left had him concentrating on the air in front of him, slowly, it cleared, forming a shape. Full crimson lips, curing gently upward into a breathtaking smile was the first thing his eyes beheld, and by God if it were to be his last, it would be enough. Beautiful, like a shining beacon they beckoned him, called out to him. He needed to touch her face, to see that she was real, that he was alive. With an arm that felt heavier than sand, he reached for her, grunting with effort, somehow managing to push back more of the colors that threatened to blind his vision. He almost made it to her lips, to her face, but his arm fell lamely by his side.

"You are so beautiful," he whispered. "Am I dead, then?"

"Am I only beautiful if you die?" Sofia countered.

"I imagine this is a trick question, where if I answer badly, I'll not be on the receiving end of the more that was promised me."

Sofia smiled, a brilliant smile, one that lit up the room - lit up his dark world and caused a slow crackling fire to burn in his soul. "God..." He choked. "I love you."

Sofia's breath hitched.

Yes, apparently he had voiced that thought, and quite bluntly, if the look of pure joy on her face was any indication.

Sofia launched herself onto his body.

"Ouch!" He heaved beneath her. Sight as she was, in his current state, she might as well be a coach horse. He frowned, best to keep that thought to himself lest he find himself injured again.

"Oh no!" Sofia pulled back. "My apologies I forgot and-"

"I'll trade pain for pleasure any day, my love." He tugged her with as much might as he could. Her face touched his, and their lips met.

"I truly am dead, for how could a woman this beautiful-" The word lodged in his throat. "-stay by my side, pulling me back from the dark pits? In what world is it fair that the most beautiful princess - be mine?"

Sofia kissed him harder on the mouth. "In what world is it fair that a man should punish himself for crimes he did not commit, for things not his fault?"

"It seems Hunter's been quite chatty, then?"

"Not Hunter." She sighed against his chest. "Pierce."

Of course. "Bloody nuisance, he is."

"He told me about her... about what happened so long ago."

Ash sighed; the last thing he wanted to speak of was his greatest sin, his greatest error. "I was working for the Crown... and from far away - especially in our younger days - Hunter and I were near impossible to tell apart."

"And she thought you were he?"

"She did," Ash croaked. "She ran to me just as a carriage made its way toward her... It wasn't until later we discovered that her murder was all an evil plan from a man we had once trusted, a man who also had once worked for the Crown. But the fault still lies with me. If I had listened to Hunter, I would not have been in the street."

Sofia tilted her head. "She would still have died?"

"Most likely."

"So you still blame yourself for her death?" She studied his face as though to glean her answers in that manner. "Or do you simply enjoy punishing yourself for your brother's grief?"

Ash sighed. "I punished myself because I loved her... I loved her more than my brother, and I was ashamed, so ashamed that it was he that proved stronger than I. How could I show my face when I helped cause her death? How could I face my brother when he knew I loved her as I did?"

"And now?"

"Now, she is... a fond memory... a ghost that I sometimes still see in the shadows... but not my memory, not my ghost."

"The scar..." Sofia traced it with her fingertip, causing a shudder to ripple through his body.

"A reminder of my sins. At the time, I had no knowledge of the true reason behind her death. I simply wanted an easy way out. Grief and rage blinded me... jealousy whispered in my ear that it was better this way, better to die with her, better to leave the earth, rid it of my sin."

"So the greatest assassin known to London failed when the price was too high? When it counted most?"

"Yes," he whispered. "And because I was reborn that day, because death refused me, I took on death's name."

"The Grimm Reaper."

"Has a nice ring to it." The joke was forced as was his chuckle. He hated revealing his darkness to her, hated that knowing the full extent of his sins, she could very well walk away, and he wouldn't - couldn't - blame her for doing so.

"Death..." Sofia ran her delicate fingers across his jaw. "...has a way of affecting us all. Whether planned or not, expected or unexpected, it still hurts, we still bleed, we still suffer."

Ash wanted to hang his head, to turn away from her loving touch. If she left him, it would destroy him from the inside out - but he could not blame her.

"But life," Sofia continued, caressing him. "It breathes newness where death only leaves dry bones. A part of you died that day, Ash, right along with her, as I'm sure a part of Hunter did as well. But you survived - despite it all, you survived - and you've been given a choice."

"I have?"

"Yes." She smiled brightly. "Keep living... or give up."

"Things are not always so black and white, love."

"The human condition complicates things because we believe life must be exactly that - complicated. Do you love me?"

"Wh-what?" he sputtered, his eyebrows pinching together. "More-" He croaked. "-more than words could ever say. I am not a man of great speeches. I am not Hunter-"

"Thank God for that." She winked, her mouth curving upward into a saucy grin.

"But..." He licked his lips and focused in on her eyes rather than her mouth. "...whether or not I'm an assassin, a killer... I love you. I imagine my heart has been out of my possession for quite some time."

"Since I opened my mouth?" She smirked.

Ash leaned in, kissing her cheek. "Since I saw but a glimpse of your face... I was lost, and when you opened that saucy mouth, I was already drowning, powerless to stop the waves from overtaking me, and not caring that they did."

The light in her eyes danced, and her lips twitched with mirth. "That was quite romantic for a killer."

"Yes, well..." He glanced away and then back again. "...we all have our moments, I expect."

"So that's it then." Sofia blinked innocently.

"What's it?"

"That."

"I believe I'm lost."

"You love me. I love you. We shall be married."

"Doesn't one need to be asked first?" he teased. "And how do you figure it is that simple?"

"Love doesn't have to be complicated. Men, always trying to complicate things."

"Women," he grumbled. "Always trying to fix them."

"I think we have that backward." Her soft laugh washed over him, a balm to his soul.

"Are you calling me a woman?"

"That depends. Are you calling me a man?"

He gazed at her mouth. "Devil take me, I could no more tease about you being a man than me being patient."

"Who said anything about patience?"

"I did..." Ash gripped her shoulders and tugged her against his body. "...because I damn-well don't want to wait until a wedding to ravish my bride."

"Are you finally asking?"

"Are you accepting?"

"Ask."

"Just accept, darling. You know you want to."

Her giggle was like a thousand tiny bells. "Killers, so romantic."

Ash grinned, tipping her chin toward his lips. "Be my wife, not because you're forced to, but because you want to, because I cannot live - refuse to go through my lonely existence - without the sun by my side."

A rosy blush suffused her cheeks. "I'm the sun?"

"More than that." Ash sighed. "You're the light in my darkness, the hope I've been searching for, for ten years."

"Make love to me."

"Amazing, and all I needed to do was use pretty words."

"No..." Sofia brushed a kiss across his lips. "...all you needed to do was admit it."

"Admit what?"

"That you can't live without me."

"I'd think it was quite obvious that I would be dead without you."

As if suddenly remembering he was injured, she pulled back and winced. "Do the wounds hurt?"

"Yes." Ash nodded emphatically. "In fact, if you could just rub your hands across my naked skin, I would feel so much better."

Her eyes narrowed.

"Common war practice." He coughed. "Do you feel that chill? Better shrug out of your gown and lie down next to me. We don't want me catching a chill and dying."

She rolled her eyes and then stood.

"Well, blast, it was worth a try." He chuckled.

With a wink, she shrugged out of her simple gown and dropped it to the floor, followed by her shift.

Throat drier than a desert, Ash stopped laughing. "You're beautiful," he croaked. "So beautiful."

"And you, my long lost prince..." She kneeled in the bed, hovering over him. "...are you... chilled?"

"Frozen." He hissed. "Can't feel my legs."

"We'll have to remedy that."

"Yes, well, it isn't just my legs bothering me..."

"Ah, feeling lucky, are we?"

He pulled her down with him. "Very much so."

He kissed her hard on the mouth, their tongues tangling as he pulled her as hard as he could across his own body.

A knock sounded at the door.

Sofia squealed.

Ash cursed.

The door opened.

And in walked The Beast.

Along with Pierce and Hunter.

Bloody hell, he may have survived the fever, but there was no way he'd survive this.

"Name your second!" Hunter shouted with a wink, while Pierce raised his hand as if to offer.

"Damn... so close," he muttered to himself just as Dominique stomped toward the bed.

CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN

I am whole. -The Grimm Reaper

SOFIA ROLLED HER EYES as Dominique's glare chilled the room. He paced by Ash's bed side, stuffing his hands in his pockets, while Sofia brought the blankets closer to her chest. Could they at least quit the room so she could become presentable?

"You will marry her!" Dominique finally roared, loud enough to break every mirror within the house.

Ash and Sofia shared a look; she bit her lip to keep from laughing while Ash nodded emphatically. "Of course."

"And you will-"

Dominique stopped mid-sentence, his eyes narrowing. "Yes, well, all right. The wedding will be immediate, the bishop has already been contacted to dispense with the details."

"Perfect." Ash's grin widened.

"Bloody hell." Hunter looked heavenward. "Show a bit of compassion, old chap." He slapped Dominique's back. "The man hasn't been with a woman for ten years! He, of all people, is allowed one indiscretion."

"Or five." This from Pierce.

Dominique growled while Ash peered around the men and sent a glare in Pierce's direction. But the man was, at the moment, staring at the ceiling as if inspecting it for cracks.

"Ten years," Dominique said in a low tone. "You are able to wait one more day, are you not?"

"Not," Sofia answered sweetly.

Ash cursed under his breath.

"He did almost die." Hunter winked at Sofia.

"Yes, the fires of hell licked at his heels!" Pierce announced loudly. "And behold! He returns after true love's kiss and is ready to claim his bride!"

"We need to find a wife for Pierce. It's uncomfortable how close he is to that damn horse," Hunter mumbled under his breath.

Pierce scowled.

"Death will be in your future if you touch her." Dominique pointed his finger at Ash's face. "And Sofia?"

"Yes?" She tilted her head while Dominique averted his eyes to keep from looking at her bare skin, or what was exposed of it.

"You will clothe yourself and return to your rooms where you'll have dinner brought to you. Tomorrow you wed. Tonight, I'm locking you in your tower."

"Ah, splendid." Hunter clapped his hands. "Give him a challenge, why don't you. After all, lovemaking is so much more exciting when one sees it as a prize."

Ash's nostrils flared as he glanced in Sofia's direction. Her entire body heated from that one gaze.

"Impossible." Dominique shook his head. "I'll simply keep her guard at the door. They've done a good enough job every evening, haven't they?"

"Yes!" Ash and Sofia said in unison.

Dominique's eyes narrowed. "Tomorrow. Now, Sofia, I trust you are able to dress yourself once we leave. I'll send the maid. And Ash, for heaven's sakes, close your eyes."

"He's scared of the dark." Pierce again.

"It's true." Hunter coughed. "When he was a child, he was locked in the-"

"Enough!" Dominique roared. "Out! All of you!"

Grinning, Hunter tipped his hat at Ash and pushed Pierce ahead of him. Dominique glared one last time before he shut the door to the room.

"Well, that went remarkably well, all things considered." Sofia sighed, leaning her head against Ash's chest. "How long until a maid enters?"

"Not long enough," Ash grumbled. "Tonight?"

"You'll brave my Royal Guard, will you?"

"I'd brave a damn dragon to get to you. I'd brave death. I'd walk through the fires of hell. Just don't lock your door, or I may perish."

Sofia pressed a kiss across his lips just as the door opened.

Ana stepped through, her cheeks pink with embarrassment. "Your Highness." She dipped into a curtsy. "The prince demands I dress you and lock you in... your room."

"Very well." Sighing, Sofia stood, completely naked.

Ash stared at her like a man starved, his eyes never leaving her skin as Ana helped her dress.

"He is to be my husband." Sofia felt the need to explain.

"Yes," Ana huffed. "But he is not your husband yet."

"This time tomorrow," Ash whispered. "And I'll burn every article of clothing in your wardrobe, Your Highness."

"Ah, so I walk around naked?"

"So you never leave our suite."

Ana coughed. "Well, then, we'll just be going." She all but shoved Sofia from the room.

The last thing Sofia heard was Ash's soft cursing as the door shut behind them.

"That man is the very devil," Ana whispered under her breath. "To look at you in that way before the vows are announced."

"Vows or no vows..." Sofia sighed. "...I hope he looks at me in that way every second of every day."

"Your Highness, permission to speak plainly?"

"When have you not?"

Ana smiled. "That look, the one he gives you, will never falter. It is one of true love and adoration... the rascal."

Laughing, Sofia walked into her room and nodded her head. "Thank you, Ana."

"Don't thank me just yet." Ana pulled out a key. "I'm to lock you in here until dinner is brought. I'll also bring hot water for a bath."

"Thank you."

Ana curtsied and left.

After dinner, Sofia's Royal Guard checked on her numerous times, each of them knocking on her door every few minutes, asking if she needed anything. Finally, she told Cornelius she would be lying down - her head ached.

It was a lie.

One he believed, thank heavens.

But that also meant she had to be even quieter than before.

A loud thump sounded from her balcony.

"Princess! Are you hurt!" Cornelius shouted through the door.

"Er, no." She jolted from her bed. "I simply fell off my bed."

"Do you need aid?" More shouting.

"No!" She stifled a giggle as Ash made his way into her room, limping. "I'm quite all right."

"Sweet dreams, Princess!"

"Must he always shout?" Ash asked in a quiet voice, making his way slowly toward the bed. When he reached it, he sat. "Bloody hell, that was difficult."

"Did you forget we had an adjoining door?"

"No." Ash cursed. "And neither did Dominique. While I was bathing, my valet locked it and then gave the key back to The Beast."

"Horrid little man."

"Yes, well, you'd be proud. I let him live."

"Wonders never cease."

"Didn't say I was happy about it."

"You can always shoot Pierce if you get bored," Sofia teased.

"Ah..." Ash looked up through hooded eyes. "...I knew I loved you for a reason."

"Glad to be of service." She curtsied.

Ash let out a pitiful groan.

"Princess!" Cornelius shouted again, causing Ash to wince. "I heard a noise."

"Breathing, she's simply breathing," Ash whispered under his breath.

"I'm sleeping!" she said loudly. "Please leave me be."

"Apologies, Princess. You were sleeping - quite loudly."

Sofia rolled her eyes while Ash leaned back on his elbows and winced.

"You're hurting?" she whispered, sitting next to him, gripping his hand in hers. His hands were rough. She shivered in anticipation of them running over her body.

"Very much so." Ash angled his head. "You see, I don't believe I'm capable of being quiet."

"Quiet?"

"When I make love to you..." he continued. "I'd rather the whole world hear how I felt, than try to stifle my own damn amazement that I'm sharing a bed with the most beautiful woman I've ever seen." He licked those full lips, stirring her hunger for him. "And, Princess, I do dream about what your scream would sound like - what your body would feel like beneath mine, the trembling, the whimpering - damn, but I want it all, and if I cannot have it tonight, then I will be patient. I will wait until tomorrow."

Sofia hung her head, disappointment stabbing her in the chest. "So, you scaled the wall for nothing?"

"Of course not." Ash's smile was soft. "I scaled the wall to simply hold you."

"Oh."

"Come here."

He didn't need to ask twice. She fell into his arms, careful to avoid his wounds, and laid her head on his chest.

"This..." Ash sighed. "...is happily ever after."

"Lying on a bed, clothed, while my Royal Guard listens for heavy breathing?" Sofia teased.

"That..." Ash chuckled. "...and knowing that I shall never have to sleep another night without you by my side."

Sofia did not really know how to respond to that without crying, so she tucked her head against his neck and whispered, "I love you."

"I love you too."

They fell into a deep sleep, and when she awoke, he was gone, and in his place he had left a shiny apple.

She picked it up, spotting a note placed underneath.

An apple a day...or perhaps an apple every hour, keeps one's strength, for tonight you will not sleep. Not. One. Wink. -Ash<br/>

"Who's upset?" Dominique sauntered up.

"Sofia," the men said in unison.

"Why the hell would she be upset?"

Pierce pointed at Ash. "Performance anxiety."

Ash paled. Ah, the look of death. He knew it well.

Dominique sputtered then coughed into his hand. "One must simply bide one's time while one is-"

"Please," Ash whimpered. "Stop."

"Come on, old chap." Hunter slapped Ash on the back. "He's simply helping. Haven't you ever heard of the saying, a beast in the bedroom?"

"I have now. And I'm ever so sorry about it." Ash sent a pleading look in Sofia's direction. She pushed away from the sobbing men.

"Yes, well..." Dominique nodded emphatically. "...one must simply commit to the decision to-"

"Plug one's ears and go back in time," Ash finished.

Hunter and Pierce joined in laughter, while Dominique scowled.

"Sorry." Sofia grinned when she reached him, extending her hands.

He gripped them, tugging her body against his. "They were... distraught."

"They'll be just fine." Ash growled, bestowing a kiss upon her lips.

"Remember what Dominique said..." Hunter nodded encouragingly. "...and you'll do just fine. Sofia, my dear, have you any smelling salts?"

"Why would I need-?"

"Good day." Ash tugged her toward the door.

"I'd say good evening," Pierce called.

"But don't want to jinx anything." Hunter chuckled.

Ash ignored their laughter.

One thing impossible to ignore?

Sofia.

The minute they were in the carriage, he pulled her body onto his and kissed her across the mouth - hard. His teeth damn-near collided with hers as he plundered her mouth, his hands roaming across her breasts.

"Ash?" She moaned, tilting her head back.

"Hmm?" Oh look, a spot on her neck just begging for attention. He licked across that spot - not enough. His lips sucked, marking her as his.

Sofia let out a little squeak. "We're in the carriage."

"Very astute of you, sweetheart."

"And..." She gasped. "...oh my, I don't believe dresses are able to-" A loud rip thundered through the carriage.

"You were saying?"

"Is that a knife?"

"Course not." He took her mouth again.

"Ash, should we wait until-"

"Ten years," he murmured against her lips. "Ten years," he repeated, caressing her breasts, pulling the fabric free from her dress, with the knife he supposedly did not have. Her dress fell in shreds across the floor. "Ten years without touching perfection - ten years of waiting for the moment I could be with my one true love." His teeth tugged at her lower lip.

"Yes, well, clearly you haven't forgotten much in ten years."

"Compliments..." His fingers tugged her dress, resting it around her waist. "...will get you prizes."

"What kind of prizes?"

"What kind of prizes, she asks." Ash laughed and reached beneath her skirt.

"What are you-?"

"I said prizes, now be good receiver while I give," he instructed, though it pained him not to join with her right there in the carriage. Touching her intimately, kissing her, it was enough - for now. It was enough.

Her chest heaved as he teased, taunted, played her as if she was the most perfect string instrument, and he the musician.

When she let out a moan...

And when that moan was followed with his name...

The need to bask in the glory of it all had the Grimm Reaper ready to simply lean back and take it all in.

Sofia moved against him.

The carriage stopped.

He blinked, taking in her disarray and fully appealing form lying against him. His hands were still beneath her skirt, and Sofia's chest still heaved with exertion from their lovemaking, her cheeks a rosy pink, her eyes narrowing as a knock sounded at the carriage door.

"We'll simply..." Ash nodded. "...run into the house."

"Run?" she repeated. "You want me to run after-"

The knock sounded again.

"Blankets!" Ash pointed into the air then pulled a blanket from under the seat, damn-near pushing Sofia to the floor. "In you go."

"In the blanket?"

"We'll wrap you up."

"And then we run?"

"Correct."

"Amazing," she muttered.

"What is?" He grinned, thinking he would soon be on the receiving end of a compliment.

"You can kill with your bare hands, are known throughout London as being this skilled warrior... and yet, your solution to our problem is to run."

"Yes, well, the faster you run, the faster I chase, and the faster I catch, I am able to do what I've been wanting to do since the minute I set eyes upon you."

"Sleep?" She lifted her shoulder and winked.

"If the other word offends your delicate sensibilities, then yes, sweetheart, I want to sleep you."

Sofia giggled.

Ash groaned. Hell, even saying sleep had him aching.

Another knock.

"He'll keep knocking." Sofia sighed.

"Blanket." Ash handed it to her. "Now repeat the plan back to me."

"I don't know, that may take a while," she teased.

He glared.

"Wrap and run."

"Good girl."

"Glad I please you."

"Ah, yes. Yes, you will." He took her mouth once more then opened the carriage door, blocking her from the footman's view as she wrapped herself in the blanket.

She joined him and, as planned, ran up the stairs into his townhome, the very one he hadn't set foot in until the morning when, in a flurry of excitement, Hunter had sent over a few staff members of his own to help prepare a meal, as well as one room that wasn't filled with dust.

"It's beautiful." Sofia gasped, turning around full circle in the entryway.

"Yes, your stepmother would have been pleased."

"Ha!" Sofia shrugged. "Had she not been imprisoned. I'm sure she would be."

"Are you sorry?" he asked gently, cupping her face.

"No, though I'm shocked she survived the cut to the throat." Sofia shook her head, casting her gaze to the floor. "I am sorry that she will always be unhappy, but not sorry she got exactly what she deserved."

"As did you."

"Yes, I received you."

"And a castle," Ash pointed out. "As well as all your father's wealth, a relative kingdom in its own right, an earl, my riches-"

"Your riches?"

"Oh yes, about that. I'm quite wealthy."

"Good thing I married you."

"Isn't it, though?" He kissed her forehead then ripped the blanket from her body.

"Ash!" She gasped. "Someone will see."

"We've employed three of Hunter's staff. Believe me when I say, they have seen it all, poor sods."

"Ash!" Her voice screeched.

"My dear, you forgot the other half of the plan."

Her eyes narrowed, and then, with a smirk, she ran up the stairs. The sound of doors slamming was the only indication that she was searching for the room with the lit fireplace. The only room that had been cleaned.

Feeling sorry for her, considering there were fifteen bedrooms in all, Ash slowly ascended the stairs and paused when she clicked open the correct door and looked back at him with a saucy grin. "Are you ready for your prize?"

His body hummed with excitement as he slowly, methodically stalked toward her. When he reached the room, he slammed the door behind him and leaned against it and watched.

Sofia maneuvered herself out of the dress - what was left of it - and crooked her finger in his direction.

"I imagine I should collect my winnings now." Ash crossed his arms. "Then again, I'm enjoying the view far too much to move just yet."

Sofia blushed to the roots of her hair and then placed her hands on her naked hips.

Ash followed her hands, his gaze taking in every ounce of bare skin. "Care to twirl for me, darling?"

"Twirl?"

"Yes," he breathed. "At least twice, I need to get every angle, you understand..."

Her eyebrows arched. "Oh really? For what purpose?"

"For the purpose of creating a complete mental image of perfection."

"Pretty words."

"Yes, well, I've been practicing those." He pushed away from the door. "Pretty words, big words, words that sound intelligent, words that cause clothes to give up and fall from my wife's body."

She let out a giggle. "Playful little assassin in the bedroom. I would have never thought."

"Nor I," he said honestly. "Now twirl."

"And commanding."

"Do not make me ask three times."

"Why?" Voice husky, she jutted out her hip. "Will there be a punishment?"

"Guess you'll just have to test me to find out."

Slowly, she turned, but only halfway, so her backside was facing him. The curve of her body was something from a painting.

He let out a groan and managed to make it a few more steps before his hands were bracing her hips from behind.

She leaned her soft body against his.

"Too many clothes, husband."

"We can remedy that." He began undressing. "But stay put."

She shivered.

And he removed his clothes faster than he thought humanly possible. When he reached for her again, it was just them, body to body, skin to skin. His blood hummed with excitement - with need.

Years. It had been years since he'd been naked with a woman.

But this was a first.

He had a feeling of completeness by simply standing next to her, their bodies brushing against one another, creating the softest friction. The greatest pleasure imaginable.

"Ash?" Sofia's head tilted back, resting against his shoulder as she peered up and kissed his chin. "This would be enough... if it was just us, standing like this, for the rest of our lives. It would be enough."

Emotion clogged his throat. He took her mouth with a vengeance, sucking every inch of passion out of her, replacing it with his own. She tasted of wine, berries, of beauty.

She turned in his arms.

He wasted no time, lifting her into the air, wrapping her legs around his waist.

With a huff, he pulled her onto the bed, hovering over her, kissing every inch of skin then repeating the process until he was dying with the need to fill her, the need to truly make them one.

"Ash-" Sofia gasped, her hands clenching the satin sheets. "Please."

When they joined-

He nearly blacked out.

After ten years of being numb, of closing himself off from the world... he finally experienced a fullness that only comes with finding one's soul mate.

Sofia's nails dug into his back.

Sweat poured from his brow as he tried to savor the moment - but it was over too soon.

"Ten years." She laughed against his neck.

"Yes," he growled. "And I get an eternity to make up for it."

"We do."

"Together." His forehead touched hers.

A tear slid down her cheek. "Thank you... for rescuing me."

"I did nothing of the sort. I imagine you rescued yourself and just allowed me to ride in the carriage."

"I love you, my soldier."

"And I you, my princess."

EPILOGUE

AND SO THE STORY goes.

Rosalind and Stefan found their Happily Ever After in an arranged marriage and family curse.

Isabelle and Dominique moved forward, though the scars of the past tried to keep their happiness at bay.

Gwen and Hunter allowed themselves to fight with one another rather than against.

And Sofia and Ash discovered that sometimes true love means letting go of what one has held onto for so long - and letting love consume all.

And the best part? They all lived happily ever after. After all, they believed in the fairytale, and it had come true.

