CHAPTER ONE

Alec

THE CROWD WAS fierce. I rubbed my palms together and took a few deep breaths as the sound of the music rumbled across the stage.

"Is everyone ready?" Kane yelled into the microphone, "I can't hear you!"

The screams were piercing. I shivered a bit and looked at my watch. Our start time had been getting later and later recently. I bit my lip and closed my eyes.

"Ready man?" Demetri hit me across the back and popped his knuckles in my ears.

I opened both eyes and looked at him - really looked at him. "You planning on going out there with coke on your face?"

"Shit." He wiped his nose and pulled Visine out of his tight leather pants, splashing a bit in his eyes before blinking the tears away.

"You gonna make it?" I asked teeth clenched.

"You mean am I ready to go sell my soul?" He sniffed. "Yeah."

We stood there, side-by-side, breathing in and out, but not really experiencing anything but the drone of the voices and the hype of the music as it got louder.

"We can't keep going on like this. You know it. I know it." I shook my head and wiped my face with my hands.

"You chose this." Demetri sneered. "Deal with it."

"I don't have to deal with shit!" I grabbed him by the shoulders. "I'm your older brother, I'm all you have."

Demetri jerked away from me and rolled his eyes. "Stop being dramatic, man, it's our last concert for that very damn reason."

"Let's give a huge shout for AD2!" Kane's voice was so loud, so deafening, that I had to fight the wince on my face as I ran onto the stage and was handed my guitar.

Demetri went to the drums and started counting down with the sticks. "One, Two, Three, Four."

We always started with our most popular songs.

"I'm breaking out," I sang, "Breaking in. Fading in so many places my mind is nothing but endless races. Shake me, move me, make me feel." I grabbed the microphone as the pyrotechnics team did their thing making the stage look like it was on fire.

Ripping open the front of my shirt I knelt on the stage in front of a group of girls. "Make me bleed, make me feel, if only I could touch you and see you're real. I'd touch your skin, feel your sweat, baby I'd do things you'd never forget."

The girls' screams made me want to run in the other direction.

It wasn't real.

None of it.

I smirked and offered a wink as I slowly licked one of my fingers and dipped it into a girl's mouth.

She passed out into her friends' arms as the other girl yelled, "Bitch!"

The music stopped, and then Demetri's higher voice joined in, the entire sold out stadium went quiet as he left the drums and walked slowly towards the middle of the stage. His leather pants and ripped green t-shirt made him look like he'd just gotten into a fight. The makeup crew had drawn blue lines down his temples made to look like tears a bit. Mine were red.

Then again the tour was called "Bleeding blue and red."

"I'll do things," Demetri sang, walking past me and kneeling in front making a rocking motion with his hips like he was screwing the stage. "You'd never forget. Oh baby, believe me, you'll be screaming until you're hoarse. Believe me when I say, you'll finally live, on that day."

More screaming commenced.

Demetri pulled off his shirt and threw it into the crowd.

Then turned to me and smiled.

I stopped in my tracks almost missing the dance sequence when the background dancers jumped on stage and started bumping and grinding against us.

All because of that look on my brother's face.

Empty.

He was so freaking empty. And it was all my fault. I'd done that to him - to us.

With a smirk he pulled one of the dancers towards him and licked her face, then set her back on her teetering feet.

I'd created a monster.

Then again, what else could I have created? When I was the one he looked up to? When I was doing the exact same thing last year?

Death has a way of screwing with your head.

You either try to become a better person.

Or you do what Demetri does.

And try to forget the pain.

"AD2!" the crowd shouted over and over again, "We love you Alec!"

"Marry me Demetri!"

I swallowed and finished the song, my gut sinking with each note, knowing that if we didn't get our shit together in Seaside - there would be no hope.

Demetri's future was a drug overdose.

And mine was death by guilt.

I wasn't sure which was a worse way to go.

CHAPTER TWO

Demetri

"WELL, SHIT." I blinked a few times then put on my sunglasses. "At least the sun's shining."

I really shouldn't have said that.

Because in that instant, it started pouring rain.

"You were saying?" Alec snorted and pulled open the door to the beach house that we were going to be staying at for the next few months.

"I hate this place already. It smells," I grumbled popping my knuckles and stuffing my hands in my front pockets, only to fidget with the few pills I kept on me just in case.

You know, just in case I fell off a building.

Or got attacked by a shark.

Or felt... sad.

Scratch that - just in case I felt anything. Even happy.

"So," Alec licked his lips, "We should probably get going."

"Uh?" I looked around. "We just got here?"

"Right." Alec didn't make eye contact. Instead he coughed and opened the fridge. "I kind of signed us up for school."

I froze. My heart damn near beat out of my chest. "How do you kind of sign us up for school? When you say kind of do you mean you thought about it and then laughed your ass off for even having that thought?"

"Don't worry. I gave you easy classes."

"Are you shitting me?" I roared.

"No." Alec's jaw flinched. He threw me a bottled-water and took a swig of his own. "I'm not. Now put on some jeans that don't have rips all the way up to your ass and try not to make a complete fool out of yourself."

I shook my head. "Your insane! We're going to get mauled!"

"Nah," I shrugged, "It's Seaside. Check it, they still have a video store."

"I'm sorry I really don't know what that means." I muttered.

"VHS," Alec said slowly, "Tapes."

"Like as a joke?" I scrunched up my face. "Why the hell would someone watch - oh God, are they Amish?"

"Who?"

"The townfolk!" I threw my water-bottle onto the couc., "Do we have to grow beards and shit?"

Alec's stern face broke out into a smile. "Yeah and they deliver milk to our front door every day. But don't worry if you run out we can just milk the goat out back."

"We have a goat," I repeated. "Is it tame?"

"Yeah." Alec shrugged. "I named it Billy."

My eyes narrowed. "Does it live under a bridge."

He smirked.

"We don't' really have a goat do we?"

"No, but it is Seaside, anything's possible."

"Next you're going to tell me it's like Disneyland and this is where dreams come true." I grunted and picked up my tossed water-bottle and started playing with the paper so I wouldn't reach into my front pocket and take my second pill of the day. If I was going to be going to rehab I needed to stop being so dependent if I had any dream of graduating the program and moving back to LA. I wasn't that addicted anyways - I could quit for a few months. It wasn't like I needed drugs to live or anything.

Yet my hands still shook.

And I still wanted that happy feeling.

The one that was so damn fake it made my chest ache - because at least then I wouldn't have to think about everything else going on.

"They can't possibly be that naive," I grumbled. "We're on every magazine in the country not to mention we were trending on Twitter for an entire week. A week dude."

"But" - Alec held his hand into the air - "They won't expect it. Besides, if things get crazy we hire security. Our fans aren't like Bieber's."

My body shivered involuntarily. "Scrappy little monsters."

"Older." Alec shrugged. "We have older fans, it won't get that crazy."

"Famous last words," I grumbled. "Let me go change out of my pants then, seems we have a super fun day of going to actual school to look forward to."

"That's the spirit."

I nodded, forced a smile, and did what I always did when my brother pissed me off. I grabbed the little white pill and chewed the bitter pieces - my tongue was already going numb.

In a few minutes the rest of my body would follow.

As I ran up the stairs and changed out of my jeans, I caught a glance of myself in the mirror.

Dark circles were under my glassy eyes. I looked like hell.

Well great, going to high school sure seemed like hell. I'd fit in just fine.

"Hurry up!" Alec shouted from downstairs.

"On it." I grumbled and put on a pair of pants that wouldn't get me arrested.

The drive to school was way too short.

"Do we really have to do this?" I watched in horror as kids, normal kids, piled into the large run down building. Some had backpacks, others carried books. "Hell, its like someone's dropped us into a lame teen movie."

"Hmm" Alec turned off the Mercedes - "You'd think after taking a pill this morning you'd be in a happy mood."

Caught. Damn it. "Alec, look, it was only one-"

"Honestly man. I don't wanna hear it. I really don't."

He got out of the car and slammed the door behind him, leaving me blanketed in the silence of my own guilt.

With a curse, I got out of the car and followed him through the parking lot.

Nobody stared.

Seriously?

Huh, who would have thought?

We walked through the doors and went straight for the office where one teacher promptly fell into a chair and started fanning herself, the secretary swallowed her gum.

And the principal beamed. "So you made it."

"Yeah." Alec nodded. "We did."

"Your schedules." He handed a folder to each of us. "And you let me know if there are any issues. I'm still convinced you won't be able to pull it off, but good luck."

"Thanks." Alec smiled warmly and nudged me back towards the door.

The lady who fainted in her chair reached out and grabbed my shirt.

"Mrs. Smith!" the principal scolded, "He's under eighteen."

"Oh." She blushed.

"Aww, teacher wants to play with the student?" I smirked and blew her a kiss. She continued fanning. And Alec pulled me by the shirt out of the office.

CHAPTER THREE

Alec

WATCHING MY BROTHER stroll through the halls as girls literally stared and gaped - well it was like watching a lion strut around its cage and suddenly come to the conclusion that he was going to try and capture every damn female within his reach.

"Daaaamn." Demetri's eyes scanned the halls with interest. "High School girls be looking good."

"Keep it in your pants," I grumbled. Irritated that he wasn't taking anything serious. But who was I kidding? I was the serious one. Not Demetri - hell he was happy enough for the both of us. If I lost control, then who would be his parent?

Control. I breathed in and out, counted my breaths, and started mentally singing the lyrics to one of my newest songs.

If all else failed I could go home and organize the fridge.

Wow. How awesome was I?

Too bad it was illegal to bring alcohol on school premises - then again I was starting rehab tomorrow, alcohol would probably be frowned upon.

My fingers itched at my sides as we slowly made our way down the hall to Homeroom.

I'd gone to school once.

I really had no idea what I was doing.

I'd been desperate. When your desperate you find yourself doing lots of things that make you want to ram your fist into the wall.

Demetri stopped and pulled out his phone to send a text while I kept walking.

A girl was a few feet ahead of me. Girls. Girls. Girls. Shit. I was so sick and tired of the female sex.

Her hair was really pretty, it kind of bounced when she walked, and I was kind of irritated that my eyes followed each bounce like I was getting hypnotized.

Her outfit wasn't anything that made her stand out. Everything about what she was wearing was sporty and semi-plain. But damn that hair.

I picked up the pace a bit, following the dark blonde as she made her way towards the same room I was going to.

Suddenly, she let out a squeak as she tripped sending her messenger bag flying across the floor.

On instinct, I ran up to her and knelt down.

"Crap!" She huffed, her hand reaching out to grab her books just as mine covered it.

She jerked in response and looked up.

Mouth agape, her eyes widened just slightly before a pretty blush stained her cheeks.

I didn't know what to say. For the first time in my nineteen years of living, I was speechless. I was a writer - it didn't happen often. But my brain just suddenly stopped working. I tried to pull out words, phrases, sentences - even a smile would have been helpful.

But those eyes.

Those deep brown eyes.

It was the first time in years that I actually felt like someone saw me - not just the rockstar, but me. And I craved it - in a way I never thought I'd crave something.

The pull - to just collapse into her arms - a stranger's arms, was so overwhelming it freaked me out. Was I that stressed? That strung out?

Her eyelashes fluttered a few times.

My breath hitched in my throat as I offered my hand and helped her to her feet.

I'd spent my teen years writing about that moment - when you touch a girl for the first time - when your fingertips graze her skin.

My words - hadn't done it justice.

An electrical current made its way from her body into mine, almost bringing me to my knees.

Just as I was about to say something, I heard Demetri approach.

"Knocking girls off their feet already, hmm Alec?" He patted me on the back and flashed the girl one of his typical Demetri grins.

I felt sick.

Sick because I knew in that moment - she wasn't for me. If he wanted her, I'd bow out. I'd do anything - short of committing murder - to get my little brother back, even if it meant that the one girl he wanted was the only one who'd been able to make me feel for years.

My heart hammered in my chest as she returned his grin.

Their eyes locked.

It was like drowning and knowing that nobody was going to offer you a life raft. I felt the blow like someone had punched me in the stomach.

"Um..." She took his hand and shook her head. "He didn't knock me down, he was helping me. I tripped and..." her voice trailed off as she swallowed and rocked back on her feet.

Demetri's head turned to the side; he was captivated and amused. I could tell. "No worries. Demetri, and your name?" He invaded her space, making it so that his chest almost brushed across hers.

"Natalee, but everyone just calls me Nat." Her eyes flickered from Demetri to me, "It's nice to meet you both."

Hah. Riiight... More like it was nice to meet sunshine standing next to me. Pretty sure right now she thought I was evil incarnate. Maybe it was because I'd forgotten how to smile. But how the hell was I supposed to be excited about the fact that Demetri already had her in his hold - and she had no idea.

"Yeah well" - Demetri shrugged - "We're new in town. I'm sure you'll be seeing more of us." He winked.

She smiled.

My heart ached so I looked away, feeling a bit pissed at the whole way things were going down but unable to do anything to stop it.

"Right." She started backing up. "Um, like I said, nice meeting you. I'll just..." Yeah she turned and practically ran away.

"Dude," Demetri swore, "Stop scaring them off."

"I wasn't scaring her off," I said defensively, "I just didn't want to be late for class."

The tardy bell rang.

"For real?" Demetri threw his head back and laughed. "Who died and made you a nerd? Can they even give us tardy slips? We're new."

"Whatever," I snapped. "Let's just go."

Of course the same class that the cute girl ran into was the exact same class we were going to.

And it was just my luck that the teacher looked like he'd swallowed a lemon when we walked in a few seconds late.

The teacher introduced us.

And bowed.

He freaking bowed!

My eyes scanned the room. All male expressions - totally bored. The girls? Yeah, looked overheated. I looked at every face, memorizing them, categorizing them, and purposefully chose not to look at Nat.

The last thing I needed was to burn into my memory the way her lips looked when she smiled, or those damn eyelashes. Were they fake or something?

"Well" - the teacher clapped - "Again, welcome to Seaside High."

Demetri strutted towards the empty seat; I followed, my body tensing as I passed Nat's desk.

I wasn't sure if it was her or if it was just the ridiculous sexual charge in the air, but her pen fell from her desk right onto my feet.

Without thinking, I bent over to pick it up. Hey I wasn't a complete ass!

I picked up the pen and held it in front of her; our faces were inches apart. Her eyes dilated as her breathing picked up noticeably. I flexed my fingers around the pen and stared. I stared so hard I was surprised I didn't break that pen in half.

"I think" - I cleared my throat - "You dropped this."

Our fingers brushed as I handed the pen back to her and walked to my empty seat.

My fingers were still buzzing by the time I sat down.

My heart was beating so hard it almost hurt.

A few seconds after I sat, she turned around and stared at me.

I met her gaze and all but jumped out of my chair and attacked her with my mouth.

I could make out the screen form her phone, a picture of me and Demetri was splashed across the front.

Just as I was about to give her a cocky grin, the teacher snatched her cell phone and said she'd get it back after class. Wanting to play the superhero, but lacking the know-how, I jumped to my feet and approached the desk.

"Actually," Holy hell what was I doing? "That's my phone, sorry about that." I snatched the phone out of the teachers hands and on my way back to my desk slid my iPhone 5 across Nat's desk.

Our fingers met again.

My knees threatened to buckle. I was officially losing my mind why the hell had I saved her like that?

When I finally took my seat and stuffed her cell phone in my pocket, I was shaking.

"Dude," Demetri whispered, "There are easier ways to get a girls number, you know that right?"

My laugh was hollow, "Right, I was just helping... not hitting."

"Hitting?" Demetri tapped his pencil against the table.

"On her, I wasn't hitting on her." I whispered back.

Demetri elbowed me and nodded in her direction. "Well, that's a shame, she's really pretty."

"Yeah." I cleared my throat. "I guess."

"You don't mind then?" He squinted at me like I'd completely lost it. "I mean you saw her first."

"No." I half laughed. "Hell no. Go for it man, you deserve some happiness, right?"

The first real smile I'd seen in a long time spread across his face. "Yeah. Thanks, I mean, that's really cool of you."

I shrugged like it wasn't a big deal. I shrugged and I freaking stared at her the entire class.

Damn. I was in some deep shit.

CHAPTER FOUR

Demetri

"SO, WHAT ARE you doing tonight?" I leaned close to Nat's body, nervousness rolled off of her in waves.

"Homework." She slammed her locker door and smiled. "And you?"

"Whitney," I teased.

"Huh?" Her eyebrows pinched together like she actually didn't get my joke about banging one of the cheerleaders. Aw hell, tell me I wasn't flirting with a virgin. That's just what I needed. A girl who didn't know how to kiss and thought that sex was called making love. Kill me now.

My smile grew as a comfortable silence settled over our conversation. "I'm kidding, girl. You really need to get out more." And I would be more than happy to show her all that needed to be shown.

"Okay." She didn't return my smile, if anything she looked pissed off like I'd just told her I was going to drive over to her house and kick her puppy.

Nat turned her back on me - like I didn't matter. Like I wasn't Demetri Daniels. Seriously?

Moving in front of her, I braced her shoulders and tried again. "What'd I do?"

I caressed her shoulders, running my hands up and down her arms, memorizing the way she felt beneath my touch. Yeah, she'd be fun. And she'd be beautiful, freaking beautiful. I couldn't wait to taste her, to peel back all those layers until she was naked beneath me. My eyes widened so I could take more of her in - drink her until I was satisfied.

"Really, Demetri?" Alec's hand gripped my shoulder so tight I almost winced. "Begging isn't your style."

I forced a smile. "Sorry Nat. He's right. I don't beg. I don't usually have to, but you make me want to." I licked my lips. Her eyes darted to my mouth. That's right. Focus on the lips, little girl.

"Run along," Alec encouraged. His eyes basically threatening me within an inch of my life. Fine. I'd go. He could play the hero all freaking day but in the end? She'd be mine. Because the last thing he took and played with - he killed, and he and I both knew it was time for me to be happy.

Alec could go to hell for all I cared.

With one last smile, I turned on my heel and walked away almost colliding with another guy who'd been talking to Nat earlier.

"Sorry man." I sidestepped him then grabbed him by the arm. "Hey, you know that girl?"

"Nat?" The guy shrugged. "Sure. Why?"

"Does she work somewhere?"

"Why? Are you going to stalk her?"

I smirked. "My man, do I look like I need to stalk girls in order to get a piece?"

"No." He laughed. "Hell no."

"Right. So her job?"

"Seaside Taffy," He answered quickly, "I work there with her."

"And Seaside Taffy is??"

He rolled his eyes, "Downtown, you can't miss it, there's only one main street."

"Damn I hate this place."

He chuckled. "Yeah, well, welcome to the club rockstar."

I waited exactly ten minutes before calling my brother's phone - the same phone Nat had in her pocket.

"Hello?" She croaked on the other end.

Ah, my heart picked up speed. Her voice was so sweet so innocent. I could do with that - innocence. "Naughty girl stole my brother's cell phone."

"Hey, Demetri."

"Hey, yourself."

A few seconds of silence went by. "Is there something you need?"

Sex. You. Redemption. Drugs. Really there were so many choices at that moment it was hard to decide. "That depends."

"On?"

"If you're offering to help me with my... needs." If she didn't catch on to that innuendo then there was no hope for her and I was going to have to step up my game.

"You're disgusting." I could feel her scowl.

I tried to hold back my laughter. "Aw, thanks sweetheart."

"Look." Her voice shook, "I didn't mean to take Alec's phone is there a place I can drop it off or something?"

And ruin all my plans? "Why don't you just keep it until tomorrow? We'll see you at school and make the swap?"

"He's going to know his phone's missing, besides he has mine."

Yeah he did, only big brother was losing his touch. When we'd gotten home he'd set the phone on the counter and allowed me the opportunity to hack into it.

"I know." I sighed, "I've already hacked into it. High School Musical, Nat. Really?"

She groaned. "It's good running music."

"So is the entire Hannah Montana Soundtrack - doesn't mean you put it on your playlist, Nat."

"Wait, how do you know that?"

"That's beside the point. We're talking about you now."

"Did you need anything else?" she snapped.

You. "Are you offering"

"Bye Demetri."

The conversation ended.

Shocked, I stared at the phone.

"What?" Alec came downstairs and pointed to the phone. "Something wrong?"

I stared at the phone. Surely she was going to call me back? Right? That wasn't on purpose? "I think I got hung up on."

"Ouch." Alec winced. "How'd it feel?"

"How'd what feel?" I set the phone down and crossed my arms. Any minute. Any minute now. Why wasn't it ringing?

"Rejection."

"She didn't reject me," I said defensively. "She probably just lost cell service."

"Rright." Alec laughed, "Whatever you say. Oh and PS we have therapy tonight so... don't be late, and try not to... show up high."

I rolled my eyes. "Please."

"I'm serious Demetri."

"So am I!" I roared, "I can go a night without lighting up."

Alec's face fell. "And you know this how? Have you even tried?"

I was officially done with this conversation. "I know my limits."

"If you knew your limits I wouldn't have found you face down on the bathroom floor of our hotel room last week surrounded by puke, but sure, yeah, you know your limits, right?" He slammed his fist onto the table and swore.

"That was one time."

"I don't care!" he yelled. "It's never happening again. We aren't doing this Demetri. I can't - lose you."

Snorting I pushed past him. "Funny, shouldn't you have thought of that before you slept with my girlfriend and got her pregnant?"

"Dem-"

"No. You're so right. Maybe I'm losing control, losing my shit, but whose fault is that? You broke my damn heart and you expect me to listen to the shit that comes out of your mouth? Your delusional."

"Just..." Alec's voice was hoarse, "Try. For me. Just try."

I sighed and grabbed the keys to my car. "I'll be back in time for the appointment. But I'm going out."

"Demetri," Alec said my name like a curse. "Let me see your pockets first."

"Am I your child?" I opened the door so hard it almost strained my arm.

"No. Yet you make me treat you like one."

I reached into my jean pockets and pulled them out. "Empty." I didn't want to say it was because I'd taken my stash for the day.

Alec's face relaxed like he was relieved. "Thanks man, I'm sorry, just paranoid."

"Yeah well, take a nap or something," I grumbled, slamming the screen door behind me.

The car roared to life.

Once I was around the corner, I reached into the consul and pulled out a tiny bag of pills.

Tomorrow. I'd quit tomorrow.

CHAPTER FIVE

Alec

LATER THAT EVENING, I opened the window and listened to the waves as they crashed against the beach. There was something so calming about the ocean, about the noise.

It sounded like peace.

Something I hadn't felt in a very long time.

A light flickered on next door.

I was still pissed that we were neighbors with the cute girl, let alone that our shrink was her mom. Could things get more complicated? Oh right, Demetri was circling her like a damn crow.

She was texting someone.

Not that I was being the creepy guy that was watching a girl through her bedroom window.

I mean I wasn't a stalker or anything, but damn her smile was captivating. I found myself smiling every time she did. A twinge of jealousy hit me square in the chest when I realized who she was probably texting.

On my phone.

To her phone.

Where was something to throw when I needed it?

A run. I needed to go for a run or do something - anything that would get my sorry ass out of my room and away from stalker-like tendencies.

Nat sighed and lay down on her bed.

So I went and lain down on mine.

I imagined what it would be like to hold her - not kiss her - just hold her in my arms. Would she be soft? Would she blush? Hell, I missed a girl who knew how to blush.

I touched my lips, suddenly aware of how many times I'd kissed girls, screwed girls, hurt them, and not even given it a second thought.

She was the type of girl that should have been my first. The one that you kiss once and never want to stop kissing.

I imagined a life where I'd been born normal. I would have gone to school with her; I would have asked her out on a date. I would have kissed her as soon as I could. I would have held her hand.

Demetri's knocking interrupted my daydream.

"What?" I called.

"Dude" - Demetri pushed the door open, stumbling towards my bed - "I may have overdone it."

"Overdone it. How?" I tensed as he approached and plopped down onto the mattress. "Ugh, but she was so hot."

"Nat?" It was a toss-up between sheer panic and wanting to strangle him.

"No." Demetri snorted. "The girl in the newspaper who said I screwed her. I swear I only kissed her." He laughed again. "God, I hate girls."

"Are you high?"

He was silent for a minute, "Maybe."

"Man... you gotta cut that shit out."

"She makes me want to." He sniffled. "She's so pretty."

"Are we talking about Nat again?"

"Yeah," he whispered, "I like her hair."

Get in line.

"And she has such pretty eyes, you think she'd go out with me? If I asked? For real?"

"That depends," I said slowly. "Do you think you can keep yourself from getting high so you can actually get behind the wheel of a car and not put her in danger?"

Demetri swore. "You're not our dad!"

"No." I clenched my fists. "He's dead."

Demetri punched the mattress. "Look, I'm sorry I just have lots of... feelings."

"I'm aware."

With a heavy sigh he pushed off the bed and saluted me. "I'll make you a promise. No drugs. As long as she says 'yes,' and we hang out and things are normal. God, I need normal..." He wiped his face with his hands. "Then no drugs."

"Swear?" A flicker of hope erupted in my chest. "Swear right now that if things go good with her you won't mess it up. Swear to me, Demetri."

His face got really serious. "I swear. I want her, man. I like her, she makes me feel... happy."

"Don't bring her down with you."

"How could I?" He seemed genuinely confused. "When she lifts me up?"

Yeah. The only question? What would happen when he tired of her or when she didn't return the feelings.

Or when I did the same thing I did so long ago - and try to get her for myself. Because who was I kidding? I was borderline obsessed and she thought I hated her.

One day.

One day in Seaside and my life was already flipping upside down.

"Night man." Demetri shut my bedroom door, his footsteps echoing across the hall.

I got up from my bed and went to the window, watching Nat as she put her hair in a ponytail and crawled into bed.

Swear, she went to bed earlier than anyone I knew - her mom still had ttwo more appointments before the night was over - and both were for me and Demetri. I watched as the lights dimmed in her room.

"Another lifetime." I sighed, "In another lifetime, pretty girl. I would have asked for your favorite color. Your favorite song. I would have held your hand." I sighed and shoved my hands in my pockets. "Yeah. I would have loved the honor of holding your hand."

CHAPTER SIX

Demetri

"FORGIVENESS..." MRS. MURRAY cleared her throat, "Until you both can forgive each other, the addiction isn't going to go away."

I snorted and looked down at my hands.

"So?" She leaned forward. "Alec?"

My brother tensed next to me. "I'm the one that needs to ask for forgiveness. And I have, but it doesn't seem to do anything."

There was an awkward silence where I'm sure I was supposed to be the one to say something but I had nothing. My damn hands were shaking like a lunatic and all I could focus on was either getting high or finding some girl to get lost in for a few minutes.

My knees shook, knocking together as I waited for the clock to strike eight.

"Demetri, Alec brings up a good point. Have you forgiven him?"

They made it sound so easy. Like all I had to do was say 'yes' and butterflies would start fluttering out of my ass.

But that wasn't the case. Because no matter how many times I said that I forgave him - the hurt was still there.

When I closed my eyes, I still saw her guilty face, I saw his.

What type of brother does that? A high one. That's the answer. Granted, Alec hadn't touched drugs since - which sucked if you asked me. Nobody likes being the only member at his own party.

Everything felt so out of control that I wanted to scream. Instead, I did what I always did. I smiled and offered Mrs. Murray a solid wink. "I've forgiven him but you know as well as I do - things take time."

"Good." She smiled warmly and started stacking papers together. "Drug test tomorrow." She handed us an appointment card. "Please don't be late."

One damn week.

I'd been clean.

And already I was wanting to jump into that frigid Pacific Ocean and take a giant ass inhale.

"Thanks." Alec took the card while I sidestepped him and walked out into the hall. Nat was sitting at the table banging her head against it.

"Rough night, beautiful?"

Her head snapped up and I was suddenly so very thankful that my brother was deciding not to be his usual friendly self. Mine. She was all mine. I wanted those eyes, those lips, that body underneath me and I'd do anything to get it.

She called to me like drugs.

And for the first time in a week I wasn't focused on the high - I was focused on her.

Huh, replaced one addiction with another. I wonder if that was frowned upon in rehab?

"What are you doing here?" she shrieked.

Alec and Mrs. Murray walked out of the office behind me.

"Oh, hi honey!" Mrs. Murray's voice trailed off as she started jabbering about another client and then went back into her office, closing the door behind her.

"Explain. Now." Nat got up from her chair and crossed her arms as she approached us. Damn, she looked pissed. I took a step back and refused to make eye contact.

Alec cleared his throat, "I have uh..."

Wow. Maybe being off drugs would help considering his brain cells had clearly taken a hit. "He has a little problem." I smirked. "It's why were here."

Alec tensed next to me because well, we both knew the problem started with a D not an A but said problem wouldn't have been a problem if A had kept P in his pants and H out of his veins!

"Aren't there psychiatrists in LA? Canada?" Nat's voice pleaded.

Alec mumbled 'asshole' under his breath and walked out of the house slamming the screen door behind him.

I almost did a fist pump. Finally, alone with her!

"Sorry" - I wrapped my arm around her shoulders - "it's kind of a secret, though I don't think it's going to stay that way for long."

Her cute little jaw clenched like she was grinding her teeth. "Mind filling me in?"

And send her screaming through the house? Hell. No. "If' you're the math genius you claim you are, then yes, but only after homework."

Her glare was so damn cute I almost lost it right there. "That sounds an awful lot like bribery."

"It is." I shrugged. "Hey you got any food, I'm starving?" Actually, I was craving my body weight in pot and a bathtub full of little white pills, possibly some blue ones, and definitely some white powder. But who was I kidding? I had to pass that drug test if I had any chance of getting out of this place.

With a sigh, she walked to the fridge. "This is pot roast. These" - she made a grand gesture at pointing at the potatoes - "are potatoes, and carrots." She pulled out a plate. "And this is a plate."

Whoa! Who spit in her happy juice?

"You put the food on the plate." She said slowly walking over to the microwave and opening it up. "Think you can handle it from here on out, Rockstar?"

Aw, how cute - we had nicknames. At least mine was baller.

Her anger made me horny as hell. It was... refreshing. Most women just stripped. Not Nat, no she was too busy teaching me how to say big words like 'plate' and 'potato.'

I glared, playing along, then hit the minute mark on the microwave. "I'm still trying to decide if I like you or your irritate me."

Her sharp intake of breath told me that the last thing she wanted was for me to leave - even though her body language said that if I got too close to the fork I was losing a ball.

The microwave dinged. I went to the table, ate my food in silence, then when I was finished went to the sink, washed the remains off the plate then placed it carefully in the dishwasher. I wasn't an invalid. I knew how to do my own dishes. Besides, Alec kicked my ass if I didn't pick up after myself. Swear, when the dude was stressed he was organizing silverware.

A few drops of water sprayed on the counter tops so I cleaned those off too and went and sat down.

Nat's lower lip trembled a bit. Uh oh. What did I do? I immediately cringed, was she the type of girl who just spontaneously burst into tears when people actually did what was expected? Like dishes? Shit. I could not handle tears.

"Sorry."

Time to make her laugh. "I swear!" I pounded the tabletop and threw the dishrag against the sink. "It's always the same." I almost knocked the chair over when I tugged it out and sat on it. "Either girls want to screw my brains out or they think I'm a freaking idiot." Only partially true. Okay so I played the idiot. Whatever. "Like I don't know how to get my own food or iron my own clothes?" Fine, so Alec ironed some of my shit, but who cares? "As if everythings been easy on me, no struggles, nothing. Just a damn golden boy with a damn golden guitar."

"I-I'm so sorry!" Nat put her small hand on mine. It was warm. I liked it. I immediately cataloged that moment as one of my favorites ever. Girls rarely held my hand. Hell, the last time I'd been hugged... well it had been a while. Odd, how much I'd missed such a simple touch. "I didn't mean to assume anything."

"Are you actually apologizing miss high and mighty?"

"Yes?" Her brown eyes were hopeful.

"Good. Because I was totally kidding. I love my life and probably deserve to be kicked in the balls for almost making you cry."

Her eyes narrowed and then she just freaking lunged at me like a damn shark! Holy shit. I was a seal. A fluffy seal. And I was about to get eaten.

We tumbled to the floor.

I'd be lying if I said I didn't love it.

God, her hips perfectly against me.

"So, that's how it's gonna be huh?" I asked, muscles flexing as the shark held me down. Devour me. Please, please, please.

She nodded.

"Fine."

"Fine!"

The poor thing didn't weigh enough to stand a chance. In a flash I flipped her onto her back and straddled her. Yeah. This was what I wanted. What I needed.

"Not that I didn't deserve to get my ass kicked." I smirked then leaned down so my lips grazed her ear. "But I kind of like this position better." I rocked against her - only teasing, swear.

And then she tried to wiggle out from underneath me.

Oh. My. Hell.

Had her mom not been in her office I would have screwed her right there. She had no idea either - that's how innocent the girl was. Nope, she just kept moving against me like the friction wasn't making me want to go all caveman on her and rip her clothes apart with my teeth.

"And better, and better." I chuckled as she kept moving.

Her face flamed red.

Beautiful.

She yelled for me to get off. Making me laugh harder.

Unable to help myself, I leaned down and kissed her forehead. "Math?"

Her eyes locked with mine. And caught. I knew that expression; half the battle was already won. And later on tonight? When I kissed her? Yeah. It would be all over with. Alec? Alec who?

I helped her to her feet and couldn't help but finally feel a bit of relief. Finally, things were going my way. Finally, it wasn't about him. The forgiveness I'd been withholding started to slink away. I made a mental note to thank him - for finally allowing me to have one thing that wasn't his.

CHAPTER SEVEN

Alec

GREAT. SO NOW Nat thought I was some drug addicted reject - or sex addict. Take your pick.

I kicked some of the sand in front of me and cursed loud enough to wake up some of the neighbors.

Why did he have to be attracted to the exact same girl that stole my breath away? And I wasn't kidding - she literally made my breath catch to the point where I almost started choking when I was in that kitchen. And then Demetri had gone and embarrassed the hell out of me.

I checked my watch. It was nearing ten and Demetri still hadn't come home. I went back into the house and up to my room. I'd gotten used to watching the waves while I wrote music. It helped calm me down.

I should have known the calm wouldn't last.

Because the minute I opened the upstairs window, I saw two figures running out of the house next door holding hands.

Demetri dragged Nat across the beach and started stripping once he reached the water. Her laughter danced from the shore up to my window like a siren's call.

Unable to look away, I tortured myself and watched as Demetri went knee deep in the water then, cursing, came running back to Nat, tackling her to the ground.

I wanted to close my eyes. But apparently I was into inflicting pain on myself, so I kept my gaze steady as Demetri's head lowered.

"Shit." I braced my hands on either side of the window frame. What the hell did I expect to happen? She'd reject him? The famous Demetri Daniels? Right. The last time he got rejected by a girl was when he was three and it was our cranky babysitter who was partially blind in one eye and had a snaggle tooth.

Why were they still kissing? Didn't he know Nat wasn't one of those girls? Not the type you go fast with - you had to savor girls like her.

She wrapped her arms around his neck and straddled him.

And then one of them, I think it was Nat, stood up to leave. But Demetri pulled her back down and covered her body with his, moving against her slowly.

Shit. He was practically having sex with her in public.

I expected clothing to go flying any minute.

And then my brother shocked me. Instead of taking what would be so easy, instead of getting what he wanted, instead of being selfish - he stopped kissing her. Helped her to her feet and kissed her forehead.

As if she was precious.

Well, that changed things.

They walked hand-in-hand back towards the houses. I stepped back a bit so I was hidden in the shadows.

Demetri kissed her hand, yelled something about not needing a ride and then walked towards our house. While a shocked Nat looked on.

Once Demetri was in front of the house, he looked up.

I knew he saw me.

He knew I was watching.

I'd seen everything and part of me wondered - if he did it on purpose.

My answer came five minutes later when Demetri knocked on my door and let himself in. "You enjoy the show?"

"Yeah, not your usual flare, but it was still good."

He threw a pillow at my face. "Hilarious."

I smiled - a real smile - and he returned it.

Whatever happened, was good, things were good. For the first time in a long time. Was it her? Did she make him that happy?

"She really likes you." I said, fishing for more information.

"You think so?" Demetri sounded a bit unsure as he sat on the bed and looked out the window. "She makes me feel good."

"I'm glad," I lied. "You deserve to feel good, Dem."

"Thanks, man." He self-consciously rubbed his head with his hands. "Are we good? You and me? Like are we cool?"

I thought about the girl next door. If this was how Demetri was acting after a week. Imagine a year from now. I'd finally have my brother back.

"Yeah, man." I nodded. "We're cool."

"Good." His shoulders sagged in relief as he walked to the door, he stopped and whispered, "It's been a week."

"A week?"

"Since I've gotten high." He didn't turn around. "I just, I don't know maybe it's stupid. I just thought it's something you may want to know."

He'd never shared that kind of information with me before. I felt honored and panicked at the same time. "Man, I'm so proud of you."

"Thanks." Demetri turned around and flashed me a smile. "Maybe Seaside won't be so bad after all, huh?"

"Right," I agreed, "What could possibly happen?"

We shared a laugh and I decided to turn in. I had no idea, no freaking clue, that Seaside would almost be my brother's downfall.

CHAPTER EIGHT

Alec

THE BEST THING about living in Seaside? Being able to run on the promenade. The air was crisper in Oregon than it was in Malibu; it had a different smell, a different bite as it hit my skin. I loved it.

It was my third day running; this time I went an extra mile then back-tracked on the prom back towards our house.

And saw Nat doing her own run.

I wondered if she even realized how sexy she looked right then. With sweat pouring off her face, and pieces of hair falling out of her ponytail. Pretty sure if I was still the same guy I was two years ago, I would have attacked her, pushed her down into the sand and had my way with her.

I shook the betraying thought from my head. Demetri's. And he was trying. Damn him, he was trying.

Nat still hadn't seen me, so I ran up along side her and said in a casual voice, "Didn't take you as the type to exercise."

Her eyes narrowed like I'd offended her. Shit, I didn't mean it that way, it's just she'd tripped twice in the same day, in the same hall, within the same six-hour period.

"Yeah, well" - she finished tying her shoe - "I didn't take you for the type to do anything but sit and brood, guess we're even."

Touche. I smirked and fought the urge to burst out laughing. It was comical that she thought I had no personality - then again she didn't know me, she didn't know that I did, in fact, smile and that I rarely ate small children for breakfast.

Hell, it's not like I kicked puppies for sport or anything.

With a small laugh, I shrugged. "Want some company?" That tiny voice, I think it was my conscience, told me I needed to tread carefully. But it was running! I could have her as a running partner, right?

Nat's cute eyebrows pushed together in a frown. "You want to run with me?"

"I think I can keep up."

"I run fast." She crossed her arms.

I shrugged. "Okay."

"I listen to music."

Damn what was with her and excuses? It's not like I was asking her to flash me or something! I held up my iPhone so she'd see that I wouldn't be talking her ass off the entire time.

"Sounds great." Hah, right. Her smile didn't reach her eyes and she looked like she was ready to puke. Was it me? Did she hate me that much? What exactly had Demetri said to her last night? "Ready?"

I put in my headphones and fell into a solid cadence next to her. We ran a mile in complete silence. It took most of my energy to keep my eyes on the road ahead so I didn't stare at her legs. Each time her foot came into contact with the pavement, I was distracted.

It was going to be a problem.

Suddenly, she stopped and pulled out her earphones. "What?"

"Uh..." Shit, she knew I'd been staring at her. "I'm just surprised that's all." Wow, Alec way ta pull that out of your ass.

"Do I even want to know?" She sighed and held her hands behind her back stretching.

I moved behind her and tugged them down a bit to give her shoulders a better stretch. My eyes fell to her neck, her pulse was racing, I leaned forward and whispered in her ear, "You tripped over your own two feet, twice yesterday, until now I wasn't even sure you knew how to walk in a straight line."

Her arms tensed beneath my hands. "I'm in track."

I chuckled at her bristled state, she was so damn cute and had no idea, "That explains the body."

"What?" She jerked away from me.

Yeah, I hadn't meant to actually say that out loud.

"Your body." I took in her long legs. "You have really long legs." Wow, good job Alec almost choked on that compliment. You have long legs? That's like telling a girl she has a wide smile! They don't know how to take it! I may as well let her slap me.

Nat's eyes glazed over a bit.

"What?" I smiled, trying hard to look friendly instead of predatory.

"You can't just walk around saying things like that to girls."

"Just did, but I guess your right, I shouldn't say things like that, especially to my brother's girl."

"I'm not his girl," she snapped.

I had a hard time hiding my surprise so I looked away and whistled. "Don't' tell him that, plus I saw you two last night."

"Studying?" she asked in a hopeful voice.

I wish. "At the beach."

Nat swallowed and put her hands on her hips as an uncomfortable silence fell over the conversation.

"But it's cool." I fought to keep my voice light when all I wanted to do was yell a bit. "Demetri likes you." I went and sat on the concrete fence lining the prom. "Look, I want to be your friend. I'm not going to lie and say I'm not angry that my brother got to you first. But I'll overlook your obvious lack of good judgment if you promise you'll come to me if you need anything, okay?"

Yeah. I'd said too much. It wasn't fair to ask her to babysit my brother. Hell, that was my job. I was more parent then brother. I just, I didn't want to freak her out and say 'by the way if he does lines of coke in the bathroom don't call the media just send me a text. Or if he gets too happy with his hands, I'll deal with it.' Shit. I hated feeling out of control.

Nat nodded.

Needing to change the subject I swiped her phone and looked at the first song on her run mix. "Justin Bieber, Nat? Really?"

She turned bright red. "It's good running music!"

"I'm a little hurt!" I said mockingly, "Are we even on here?"

Nat's flush went deeper as I stopped on a playlist that screamed AD2. Aw, how cute she likes us.

"Give me that!" She lunged for the phone.

"No way! You love me!" I jumped up and down and waved my hands into the air in triumph.

"Give that back!"

"Are you blushing?" Agh, I loved that girl's blush, it was so pure, so innocent.

"No" - she waved me off - "I'm just... winded."

I winked. "I like this playlist better too."

Nat looked like she wanted to disappear on the spot. It probably had more to do with the title of the playlist then the actual songs. It was marked 'Crush.' If only.

Funny, had it been any other girl's phone, I would have expected it and felt nothing.

With Nat? My heart did a little flop.

Damn it.

To make her more comfortable, I steered the conversation back to my playlist. She didn't believe that I actually listened to myself singing - I did it to practice not because I was vain.

At any rate. She lost the bet and I was one happy camper. Because I got to pick her up and take her to Evan's party.

Just me.

It was something small... like getting a crumb from Demetri's dinner plate. But I didn't care. I just liked the fact that I'd get to pretend.

I'd pick her up in my car and pretend she was mine.

I'd open her door and pretend that she was my girlfriend.

And I'd imagine that it would be my lips she'd be kissing at the end of the night. Instead of Demetri's.

By the time Friday night rolled around, I was a nervous wreck. I was almost late to pick up Nat and felt like a complete ass for making her wait.

I rang the doorbell and waited.

What greeted me on the other side of that door - almost gave me a freaking heart attack at nineteen.

No chance in hell was I letting her leave the house like that.

Words. I needed words. But I honestly couldn't find anything to say. Pretty sure if I opened my mouth the only thing that would come out would be a pitiful moan or maybe a grunt of appreciation.

I shrugged out of my leather jacket and placed it on her shoulders. "Wow."

"What?" Her face paled.

Damn it. "It's just making it worse, how is it making it worse?" I seriously wanted to punch something. How did she make a simple dress look so damn hot?

Nat's face fell. "I can change."

"No!" I all but shouted lifting my hands into the air, which caused the jacket to fall off her shoulders. The minute I went to grab it, I grabbed her instead and we were chest-to-chest.

My body ached to touch her. It had been that way for days.

And now that we were touching. I never wanted to stop. It was like getting a taste of something forbidden for the first time. You know it's wrong but you want it nonetheless.

"You ready to go?" I whispered, my eyes focused on her mouth.

With a quick nod, she stepped back.

I felt the loss of her warmth like a punch to the gut. I was in deeper than I thought.

"Stop lusting over my car, Nat."

Her expression was pure envy as she took in the SUV. With a chuckle I went to the passenger side and opened the door for her.

"Are you for real?" she blurted.

"What?" Okay, I was seriously confused.

"You opened my door." She pointed at the open door in shock.

My eyebrows drew together. "How else were you supposed to get in the car?"

She opened her mouth then shut it, then mumbled a 'never mind' before crawling into her seat. Okay so the night hadn't started off on the best foot. I'd openly gaped at her, insulted her apparently by opening her door and now she was staring straight ahead like she was concentrating on some imaginary dust on the dashboard.

If there was ever a time when I regretted not drinking anymore - that was it. I pulled up to Evan's house, got out of the car and opened her door again. Nat didn't say anything as she unbuckled her seatbelt, but apparently she wasn't concentrating as hard as I assumed, because she stumbled right into my arms like she'd been drinking the whole ride there.

"You okay?" I set her to rights and gazed into her brown eyes. She looked... upset?

"Yeah, um..." Her eyes flickered downward as if she was embarrassed to be seen with me, "Just not used to heels, I guess."

"You made it!" Demetri came up behind me and squeezed Nat's side, basically pushing me out of the way as that same hand moved lower to her ass. His mouth found her neck. I clenched my fists so tight I felt my knuckles crack.

He winked at me then kissed her neck again. "Damn you look sexy." His nose dived instantly into her hair as he nuzzled against her like a dog in heat. Demetri was already three sheets to the wind. Well shit. That wasn't going to go over well with Nat. Maybe she wouldn't notice? He was practically using her to balance. "Please tell me you're staying with me tonight?"

I licked my lips and waited for her answer. Maybe she'd say 'no.' Maybe she'd reject him. I willed her to say something - anything. Instead, Nat's eyes met mine - pleaded with mine. What the hell did she want me to do? Intervene?

"Um." Nat pushed Demetri back a bit. "How much have you had to drink?"

"Enough to feel good, but not so much that I can't please you later, Babe." His mouth met hers in another sloppy kiss and I was done.

Curisng under my breath I walked off in search of a corner I could brood in...

I kept my eyes on Nat and Demetri the whole time. He weaved through people, tugging her behind him like she was some sort of little plaything. And then thrust a red cup into her hands.

Don't drink it, don't drink it. Shit! I felt like a parent! Demetri should know better.

She took the drink, sniffed it, had a small sip and coughed.

I exhaled in relief, but tensed again when Demetri attacked Nat with his mouth... no he was like, devouring her. For real, clothes were about to go flying if I didn't step in and do something. I knew my brother and he was going in for the kill. And he was doing it in front of the entire student body.

I had to stop him before he made an ass out of himself. But the minute I took a step forward a girl blocked my view and grabbed me by my leather jacket - laying a sloppy kiss on my mouth.

That's the thing about being famous. People automatically think you're a whore. And I was the exact opposite, so when I tasted Jack Daniels on her tongue, I wanted to throw up a bit. Instead, to protect my image, I kissed her softly, set her back on her feet and told her friend to take her home.

She wouldn't remember a thing in the morning. I, however, was going to have to disinfect my mouth. Then again, it was alcohol; that cleaned things right?

Demetri and Nat were gone. Well shit. All I could do was sit and wait... and pray he wasn't deflowering the poor thing on the beach - all before I had a chance to tell her how I felt.

CHAPTER NINE

Demetri

GOD, SHE WAS pissing me off. So I took a pill. Big freaking deal! We were at a party and she was seriously starting to kill my buzz with all that crazy talk on the beach. I was over it - I needed someone who could meet me halfway, who knew that when I gave them that 'look' it meant I wanted a piece of ass, not a lecture on what I should and shouldn't be doing with my life.

"I... I need to use the bathroom!" Nat yelled in my ear when we walked back into the house. I shrugged and walked away. Screw her. If I let her think I was upset, she'd crawl back, probably give me sex and then apologize profusely for being so ridiculous. That's always how it worked, why would she be any different?

Then again, I had had a lot to drink so my brain wasn't really working very well and I could have sworn my heart slammed against my chest a few times when she was lecturing me, then again it could be dehydration. Shrugging, I went in search of another drink.

"Hey there." Dark hair, dark eyes, pink lips. Yeah, she'd do.

"Hey to you too." I murmured pulling her into my arms. "What's your name?"

"Does it matter?" Her eyebrows arched.

"Hell no." I attacked her mouth with such force that our teeth clanged together - shit that hurt - her tongue fought against mine. Okay so she was officially the worst kisser on the planet.

But I was drunk.

And horny.

And a bit pissed.

So I kissed her back and imagined it was Nat. I imagined that Nat liked me just the way I was - I imagined I wouldn't have to change for her when deep down I knew... if I wanted the best - I couldn't be an ass anymore. I just wasn't sure which road I wanted to take. Not anymore.

CHAPTER TEN

Alec

IT WAS LIKE watching a car crash. On one side of the room Demetri was attacking a girl, on the other side of the room innocent little Nat was making her way towards Demetri and the slut he was with.

Hell. Why did I have to be the mature one? Why did I have to hold her hand while he broke her heart? I wanted to fix it, I wanted to punch my brother in the face but I also wanted to protect him. He liked her - he was just drunk, but how do you explain that to someone like Nat? Someone who'd never seen ugly in the world? Who still believed in Christmas and the freaking tooth fairy? Okay so I was exaggerating, but still.

With a curse, I made my way towards her and blocked her view of Demetri then grabbed her hand.

"Alec." She jumped in surprise.

"Hey" - I leaned in so people wouldn't hear us - "Maybe we should go?

Nat's face softened. "Are you sick?"

Hah! "Something like that." If sick included wanting to chop my brother's balls off then yeah call 911.

"Okay, well... um, let me just go talk to Demetri first."

"Nat, don't." I lunged for her hand but she jerked away from me.

"Don't worry! It will just take a second."

Yeah, I was going to be witness to Demetri losing his life. And it wasn't going to be because of drugs.

I chased after her and swore when she froze mid-step and then covered her mouth with her hands. "Nat, stop." My arms shot out around her and I lifted her into the air, carrying her outside so she didn't escape but mainly so she wouldn't crumple to a crying heap on the ground. High schoolers could be lame and the last thing I wanted was for someone to get a picture of her sobbing over Demetri.

Once we reached the car, I unlocked the doors, set her in the seat and buckled her seatbelt. A soft rain started falling against the glass as I started the car and drove off towards her house. My voice gruff, I said, "You can cry now."

At first I didn't think she was going to.

Instead, water basically exploded from her beautiful eyes and trailed down those soft cheeks. I felt every one of those tears as if it had been me cheating, as if I was the reason for them. I felt responsible for her pain - just like I felt responsible for Demetri's.

I stopped in front of the beach house and carried her through the door. Gently, I set her on the couch and went to turn on the lights.

For some reason the light made her cry harder. Great. Maybe it was because she was embarrassed. Shit. I did not know how to deal with crying girls. I mean in theory you'd think I'd be all over it. Girls full on sobbed in front of me on a regular basis, one time a girl choked on her spit so hard she actually puked - all over my favorite shirt.

But, I liked Nat... Helpless, I did the only thing I knew to do. I made tea and got on my phone and ordered pizza. Like a total ass. I went into the kitchen, heated up some water in a mug, and then made her tea that probably tasted just as bad as it looked.

"Here." I thrust it in her hands. Unsure of what to do next.

"Thank you," she mumbled.

I knelt in front of her and used my thumbs to wipe the remaining tears from her eyes. "I'm sorry, Nat. He's drunk. I know that's no excuse, believe me. But if he was in his right mind he would have never done that. I know he likes you." There. I'd done my job. I'd defended my brother - even though he didn't deserve it.

Nat gave a numb nod and huffed. So I tried again.

"Want me to beat him up for you?"

She perked up. "Would you?"

I nodded and smiled,

"Maybe just a black eye."

"Done." Carefully, as to not make her cry again, I sat next to her on the couch and listened to the clock tick.

Nat set the mug on the table and started to get up. "I should go home. I mean - it's getting late."

"Fine, but if you go home I'm going with you. Your choices are as follows. Stay with me, while I sleep on the floor guarding your virtue from my brother if he decides to track you down, or I'm crashing at your place. It's not safe for you to stay by yourself, Nat. Your parents are gone, right?" Shit. She couldn't leave. I didn't trust her to leave; I didn't trust her with me or without me.

I ran my fingers through my hair. Nat had a good head on her shoulders, I got that, but leaving her when she was weak, it just reminded me of all those times I'd left Demetri and he'd almost died via an overdose. You don't bail on someone when he's at his weakest moment. You hold on for dear life and swear never to let go - even if it means you have to threaten their sorry ass. "Look, I know it's Seaside and not L.A. I just don't feel good with you being there by yourself. You should hang here for a while."

She nodded. "You don't have to do that, Alec."

"Yes. I do." Emotion clogged my throat, I so, so, so, do. "So, what will it be?"

Her eyes darted around the room. "I guess we could stay here."

"Good, because I already ordered pizza."

Her laugh was like a punch to the gut. Good, she was laughing. The tears were gone, for now.

"When did you do that?"

"I have my ways. Apparently, there's an app for that." I teased.

Nat giggled. "Always is."

My smile fell. "Are you going to be okay?"

"Of course." Nat looked down at the mug, her lower lip trembled. At least when she lied she was really, really pretty.

My eyes narrowed.

She must have known she didn't convince me because she said again, "I'll be fine. I promise."

"Says the raccoon," I muttered under my breath as more black made its way down her face.

"Jerk!" She laughed and playfully pushed me away from her. "I knew I shouldn't have worn mascara."

"It's not like you need it anyways." I stared hard at those long lashes. Damn, they were beautiful. "You have the thickest dark eyelashes I've ever seen. It's like you're waving every time you blink. Actually I'd like to think it's a greeting each time, 'Hey, Alec. How you doin, Alec?'"

Nat burst out laughing. It was probably the longest conversation we'd ever had and I'd made her laugh twice.

"Oh my gosh! That's kinda creepy, Alec, and I'm pretty sure every time I see you I'm going to blink even harder, because I'll be thinking about it, and then people are going to think I have something in my eye."

"Oh, I hope so." I grinned and jumped up from the couch, my heart skipping a bit in my chest. "That would be entertaining for me."

"Yes, and it's all about you," she joked.

I turned and offered a warm smile. "No. It's about you." It had always been about her. How could she not see that? Everything that I did, everything that Demetri did, it revolved around her.

Nat's eyes widened, she chewed her lower lip and leaned towards me, I don't even think she was aware she was doing it. But she was begging me to kiss her. Everything about the way her body leaned, her cheeks flushed, her eyes full of wonder and curiosity. One look at my past and that wonder would be gone, that hero worship? Tarnished. With a dark and sordid life.

"So..." I tried to push down the need to touch her. "Until the pizza gets here, what do you say we play some cards?"

"Cards? You play cards?" Her eyebrows shot up in surprise. What? Did she think I just wrote music and stared at myself in the mirror and clapped or something?

"Um, yeah? What else do you think there is to do on tour busses?"

"Sing?" She offered it as a question.

"I think not." I sauntered to a drawer and pulled out a deck of cards and a pad of paper. "I take a vow of silence while I'm on the bus, saves my voice." Besides. Demetri did enough talking for the both of us. Swear he made a guy want to be a mime.

"A vow of silence?" she repeated.

I nodded and winked.

"How exactly does that work?"

Damn she was too cute. I shrugged and lifted my hands into the air.

"Oh, very funny." She narrowed her eyes and ripped the deck of cards out of my hands. The brief sizzle of her skin made me catch my breath. "So a vow of silence. So you're like a monk?"

"Sure." I smiled. "Just call me Ghandi." I was so not feeling monk-like tendencies in that moment. Not at all.

"Was he a monk?" she questioned.

"I have no idea. That's why I'm in school, to learn smart crap like that."

Nat laughed again, this time her shoulders shook a bit as she visibly relaxed. "So what game are we playing?"

"Go fish," I said in a serious voice.

"Seriously?"

"Oh, absolutely." I grinned and reached for the counter top, revealing a giant pack of Swedish Fish. "So, this is how it works, every time a player says 'go fish,' you have to literally go fish, but you can't use your hands." It was the best game ever. And I'd totally just pulled it out of my ass. I mean, in theory I'd always wondered if it would work since I'd seen it played with Cheerios but now was as good of a time as any to try. Plus, any excuse to see her laugh, any excuse to touch her? Yeah. I'd take it.

"What do I use?" She stared at the bag in my hands.

"Your mouth." I said it as casual as I could but winked so she'd know it wasn't serious, when actually, my heart was damn near exploding "And you can't let your lips touch the counter, it has to be all teeth. Cheaters will be punished." I would love. To. Punish. Her. Hell, my mind was going to be my worst enemy.

"You've played this before?"

"Oh, honey, if this was an Olympic sport I'd have more medals than Phelps." HAH - lies. Actually, I was good at cards but again, new game, and totally new opponent. Maybe I'd just let her win...

"Crap." She dealt the cards with ease and went first.

Within ten minutes, Nat had already eaten five Swedish Fish and accidently touched the table with her lips twice. I hated to admit that I was jealous of my own coffee table. But there it was. I was jealous and a little pissed off that her lips touched the table when they wouldn't come anywhere near mine. Another minute later and her lips were on the table again. Hell yeah that table was going to be kindling come morning.

After the first game, I had only had four fish while Nat was working on finishing the bag, poor thing. The good news? It looked like the sugar was helping. A knock sounded at the door. "Oh that's the pizza." I shot out of my seat and then paused halfway to the door. "NO cheating."

Nat's eyelashes batted at me as she lifted her hands in the air in innocence. Innocent my ass. That woman was competitive. But who cheated at the Swedish Fish game? I mean really.

I paid the pizza guy and brought it back to that damn coffee table. When I sat it down, Nat's stomach growled.

"I knew you were hungry." I went into the kitchen and grabbed some plates and napkins and set them down in front of her. "You gotta eat before you go to a party Nat. That's like partying 101. Never drink on an empty stomach, kay? Promise me if you ever go to a party again and plan on drinking that you'll eat beforehand?"

And the dad award goes to...

Shit. Way to kill any attraction.

I may as well have had the birds and the bees talk with her and handed her a tampon or something.

Nat rolled her eyes. "I promise, Mom."

"Thanks, sweetie." I patted her head and laughed.

We ate in silence, well I mean there was no speaking but there was a hell of a lot of looking. I'd look at her; she'd look back, then find sudden interest in her pizza. Then I'd clear my throat and watch the clock move on the wall. It didn't help that Demetri kept drunk-texting me. I was glad he was safe, but still. The circumstances sucked. But I deserved it. I really did. I deserved to be tortured while I sat with Demetri's girlfriend. Hands off. I needed to really learn the meaning of not getting involved.

My phone rang again. Pissed, I just tossed it under the pillow and swore.

She ate three pieces. I pretty much fell in love right then and there.

"Thank you." Nat wiped her mouth and smiled.

I ate five pieces so she wouldn't feel like a pig. I mean it was the least I could do. Poor thing.

"Anytime." I took our plates back to the kitchen. "How about one more game?"

"You're on!" She giggled. I paused. She never giggled, she laughed, she put her whole body into that damn laugh. But she never once giggled.

I dropped the plates off at the sink and returned to my seat, then announced. "You cheated."

She giggled again. Her eyes twinkling. "No I didn't."

"You're giggling."

"I'm a girl!" She fired back as if offended. HAH says the giggler.

I narrowed my eyes at her. "Fine, I'll play. But if I lose, I'll know, Nat. I'll know."

"I'm not afraid of you."

I leaned across the table, stopping when my face was only inches from hers. "You should be." Because if she didn't watch it. I was going to go back on my promise to my brother. I only had so much self control and when a guy didn't have any vices anymore... well, that made him a bit desperate.

Nat's eyes fell to my lips.

Her tongue snuck out.

I stifled a moan and jerked back, clearing my throat. "Do you have any sixes?" Shit I almost said sexes.

"Go fish."

Glaring I leaned over to pick the fish off the table, my lips grazed the little red gummy without touching anything. Weird, how just having my lips close to where hers had already touched - made me want to drop the fish out of my mouth and lick. I was losing my damn mind.

Nat's chest heaved as I slowly lifted my gaze from the table to her face. Her mouth parted a bit. My breathing picked up, and I fought with every bit of control I had to finish the game.

Ten fish later and I knew she'd cheated.

"I think I may be sick," I announced before dipping my head back towards the table and grabbing another fish.

"Aw, too many fish? We can just call the game now. I mean, it's not like you're going to win." Came her sarcastic reply.

The little cheater! I picked up the fish and spit it in her direction. I was resorting to elementary flirting. Her mouth dropped open, and then she grabbed the bag and started pelting me with fish.

"Ah!" I jumped out of my chair and tackled her to the floor, trying to force a handful of fish into her mouth. It was a reaction. One I wasn't aware I was having until it was too late. Until my weight was nearly crushing her, until I felt her br**sts graze against my chest. Until I felt every breath she took. Until I could almost taste the sweetness of her tongue.

Nat closed her eyes and shook her head back and forth to keep me from shoving the fish into her mouth. I laughed, and then that same movement started to make my body want to cry.

Nat's eye flashed open.

I stared.

She stared back.

I felt my head lower, I wasn't in control of my own body, I couldn't help it. I didn't want to help it.

Nat closed her eyes; our lips were about a half an inch apart.

"Alec!" The voice jolted both of us away from one another. I cursed and helped Nat up. Demetri was walking through the door... well, stumbling and winding through the hallway was more like it. He was still smashed.

"I can't find Nat! I messed up! Where is she? Is she okay?" Demetri's words were slurring together. "Some guy told me I was making out with a chick that wasn't Nat. I didn't know, Dude. Where the hell is she?"

Ah, so he was going to lie about it. I knew Demetri, he may be drunk but he knew he was making out with a random chick. He would have had to be very high not to know.

He tumbled into the living room, still not looking in my direction. He smelled like cigarettes and whiskey. "Where's she, man?"

Nat cleared her throat. I wanted to step in front of her, but she seemed pissed enough to take care of herself.

"Natalee!" Demetri opened his arms; she stepped back.

"Just sleep it off, bro." I tried to lead him towards the stairs but he fought against me.

"No! Natalee, I'm so sorry, Babe. I'm so sorry!" He fell to his knees and looked like he was ready to cry. "It wasn't what you think! I'm so drunk - she had blonde hair, I thought she was you!"

I rolled my eyes. Please tell me she didn't actually believe that shit.

"Really? And when you found out you were wrong you decided to do what? Kiss her back?" Nat yelled.

"I'm so sorry!"

"Sleep it off, Demetri." Demetri stumbled against me again, this time I tried to steady him on the first stair but he stumbled backwards and took a swing at me. Hell no.

"A promise is a promise," I muttered before punching my brother directly in the eye.

Demetri cursed as he tumbled to the ground and promptly passed out.

Nat covered her face with her hands. "Is he okay?"

Did I look like I cared if he was breathing? I shrugged. "Besides having a headache and the black eye I promised, yeah, he'll be fine."

Nat was still frozen in place.

"Come on." Alec held out my hand. "Let's go upstairs and get you into bed. I don't care what you say. I'm sleeping on your floor just in case the drunk wakes up and decides to apologize again."

"Okay." Her eyes were still on Demetri. Feeling somewhat guilty I stomped over to where he was laying on the ground, picked him up and deposited him on the couch throwing a pillow at his face in the process.

"Happy?" I swore.

"Yes." Nat shifted on her feet. Great, now I was scaring her. Had she any idea how important she was?

I led her down the hall to my room. No way was I leaving her in Demetri's bed like a present just waiting to be opened. My curtains were pulled back letting in a light breeze that would lull me to sleep in seconds - had it not been drenched in Nat's scent.

"I'll just grab you some sweats to sleep in, kay?" I scratched the back of my head then went to a walk-in closet and turned on the lights.

"Will these work?" I tossed her a pair of sweats that would hopefully hide every curve of her body.

"Yeah, they're fine." She pulled them close to her chest and swallowed.

I looked down at the floor. "Do you want to shower?"

"Kind of, I mean, if that's okay. If not, it's totally fine. I can just go to sleep and-"

"Nat, stop talking so fast, you're making me nervous." At least that part was honest.

She snorted.

Okay fine. So we made each other nervous. "I'll just sit out here and read for a bit. There's fresh towels hanging up, and you can use whatever's in the shower." I stretched my arms above his head and could have sworn I heard Nat moan or something.

When I looked at her she quickly turned around and nearly collided with the wall.

"Careful." I chuckled. Was it possible? That she was attracted to me? Even just a little bit?

She blushed and slammed the door behind her. I was waiting for the lock to turn.

It didn't.

Damn it. Did the woman have no self preservation? For the love of God! All I had to do was walk in! And I'd see her naked.

Great. That wasn't helping my current state of arousal.

I snatched a book off the nightstand and tried to focus on the words on the page, but the shower turned on.

And my imagination went into overdrive as I imagined water droplets falling off her body - soap sliding down her skin.

"Shit." I closed the book and briefly thought about taking a dip in the ocean. I hadn't had sex since the incident.

I wasn't a freaking saint!

I needed to throw something, break something, kill something.

The shower turned off - and that was when I realized I had actually been sitting there sweating.

With a growl I peeled my shirt off and started rummaging through my dresser for something else.

A hand touched the skin on my back.

I jumped a foot. "Crap!" My body slammed backwards against the dresser. That will teach me to lust. "Sorry, Nat, I was lost in thought. Dind't see you." Nope I was too busy fantasizing about you.

Her eyes were trained on my collarbone. "What does this mean?"

Had the girl never seen a tattoo?

Nat's hands slid over my skin. And I knew - I knew in that instant. I would do anything to keep her hands there.

History was going to repeat itself. And I was sorry - sorry all over again. Sorry that it had to be Nat, sorry that I was going to take her, sorry that I was going to break my brother's heart.

Sorry that in order to keep mine intact - I needed her.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Demetri

I WOKE UP wishing I were dead. How much did I drink last night? I grabbed the water from my nightstand - the water I'm sure Alec put there - and chugged the entire thing then tried to stand.

My legs were wobbly but other than that I was fine.

Damn it.

I slammed my hand against the mattress. What the hell was wrong with me? Why did I keep messing up? I went to the party thinking I'd have one drink and I'd walk with Nat on the beach. Instead one drink turned into two, then four, then shots, then yeah... I groaned into my hands and reached into the front pocket of my jeans.

One pill.

One pill? I had one pill left? Did that mean I took three last night? My body started to shudder - mixing pills like that with alcohol wasn't just stupid it was careless and I'd never been careless with my drug usage.

The sun wasn't up yet. I watched the waves crash on the ocean, listened to the calm around me and suddenly felt like crying. Either that or ramming my head into the nearest wall.

I liked Nat. Like really liked her and I'd kissed another girl last night, pressured the girl I liked to drink, and then I'm pretty sure I yelled at her and got punched by my brother.

My life should really be a bad sitcom.

Two paths.

Why did the easy path have to be so damn easy? Would Nat forgive me? Hell, I wasn't sure if I would forgive me if I were in her shoes.

Without a second thought, I got cleaned up and went downstairs to make coffee. I had a hell of a lot of groveling to do.

Alec was downstairs in his running gear drinking a protein shake.

"Ass hole," He sang. "You're awake."

"You punched me."

"You deserved it."

I sighed, "I know."

We fell silent. I shuffled towards the coffee maker and pulled out a mug.

Alec cleared his throat.

"Thank you," I whispered, "For taking care of Nat, for, being a good brother when I just keep screwing things up... I just..." I felt my emotions take hold. Damn I just wanted to cry all the time. I hated that feeling. I hated feeling PERIOD. "Thank you."

"Of course." Alec said quickly.

Curious, I looked up.

He wasn't making eye contact.

"Did you guys just stay up and talk or what?" I asked.

"We played Go Fish." A ghost of a smile flashed across Alec's face. "And then I put her in bed."

"Without you?" I had to ask it. I hated myself for even needing to ask it. But it was Alec. He had a tendency to screw other people over.

"Yup." He nodded. "All by herself."

"Okay."

"Demetri?"

"Yeah?" I licked my lips, waiting for the lecture I so desperately needed. "What's up?"

"Fix it." Alec's eyes went dark. "Fix it or you're going to lose her."

"I will." I stumbled over the words. "I swear."

We didn't say anything more to each other. I made coffee, then went upstairs and knocked on the door.

Nat stirred in her bed then let out a sexy little moan and stretched her arms above her head.

"You have no idea how much you affect me when you do that," I whispered.

Her eyes flashed open.

Yeah I was fully aware that I looked like a nightmare. My eye was black and blue and I hadn't even done anything to my hair. And my clothes probably looked out of place considering I'd thrown on something normal. That normal people wear. Like normal jeans and a normal white t-shirt.

Nat's eyes darted to the floor where a pillow and blanket still remained, "He's downstairs making breakfast. He said he'd give me some time to talk to you but that if I make you cry I have to drown myself in the ocean."

She nodded. "I agree to those terms."

"Ouch." I chuckled and looked away. "I don't even know what to say, Nat. 'Sorry' just seems lame. 'I'm an ass' sounds a little better, but I just don't know what to say."

I plopped down onto the bed and ran my hands through my hair. "I really like you. I've never liked a girl as much as I like you. I meant everything I said last night. I want to be with you." She had to know that much was true. She had to believe me.

"And every other girl at Seaside," she added, her lower lip quivering like she was going to cry. Shit. She could not cry!

"No!" I grabbed her hands and kissed her knuckles. My heart sank to my knees. "You don't understand. I only want you. I know I seem like a screw up, and that's because I am. I can't believe I'm saying this. I think you're the forever girl. The one you bring home to your parents, the one you spend Christmas with, the one you have children with. You're that girl, Nat."

Holy Hell. It was true. A little light just went on in my dark drug-filled brain. She was that girl - she was different, she was... I mean she could be... mine. My mind went to that place. The place where there weren't any drugs, just me and her, laughing, holding hands, spending Sunday afternoons together in bed.

"I don't know how to respond to that," she whispered.

I sighed. "I don't expect you to forgive me, Nat. What I did was childish and stupid. I got drunk at a party and made out with a complete stranger just because she was in front of me. I don't even remember who it was. I only know she had blonde hair. I really did think she was you, but when I noticed she wasn't, I was too drunk too care."

Nat hunched over. "Well, at least you're honest."

"Honesty sucks." I exhaled and looked away, looking directly at her hurt my heart, and my heart hadn't hurt in that way in a very long time. It was a new feeling, not being numb. I wasn't used to it. "Nat, I want to be with you. Let me earn your trust again. Let me be the guy I've always wanted to be. I want to be that guy for you."

Her eyes filled with tears. "I can't save you, Demetri."

"I don't want you to. I just want you by my side as inspiration when I save myself." Because I knew better than she did... it didn't work that way. People didn't save other people. You could only depend on yourself. Look at Alec. He was still trying to save me and what did that get him? A game of Go Fish and blue balls.

"Please, Nat." I wasn't against begging.

I reached out and cupped her chin, gently pulling her head closer to mine. Her eyes flickered with interest. Something was holding her back and I wasn't about to let that something keep me from her.

I tried again, "Help me be better. I need you in my life, Nat. You're like my sunshine, my air. I can't explain it, I just know I'm lost without you." My lips grazed her cheek then lingered.

"Don't make me regret this, Demetri."

My entire body felt free. "Really?" My smile felt so real.

She nodded.

"Do you want breakfast?" I pushed away from the bed and held out my hand.

She took it and mumbled, "I'm starving."

Chuckling, I lifted her into my arms. "I bet you are. Though a little bird told me you ate quite a bit of Swedish Fish last night."

"I'm going to kill Alec!" she yelled. Aw, how cute, she thought she stood a chance against that much muscle. Good luck.

I threw my head back and laughed. "I should have warned you how he plays Go Fish." Or any game for that matter.

"He's an animal!" she yelled as I carried her down the stairs. I wasn't ready to let her go yet, and I wanted Alec to see that I'd taken the higher road.

"Heard that!" Alec fired back from the kitchen.

I laughed and set Nat down on her feet and went to the fridge to pull out the contents for a kick ass omelet. I could do this. I could do normal.

"Morning, sleepy head. Did you know you snore?" Alec said, not looking a way from the skillet.

"I do not!" Nat defended.

"Do to," Alec and I said in unison.

"You were drunk!" Nat punched my arm.

Laughing, I answered, "Drunk, sweetheart, not deaf."

She glared.

"She's crazy when she's hungry," I said under my breath as I quickly grabbed a plate and piled some fruit on it as a peace offering to the grumpy bear.

Alec finished making the eggs and handed me the plate. I'm going to go for a run, I'll see you guys later, kay?"

I carried the plate to the table.

"Is he okay?" Nat nudged me just as I'd taken a huge bite of food.

"Who? Alec? Of course, he's fine. Why wouldn't he be okay?" Why did she care about Alec?

"I don't know." She nibbled her lower lip. "Did you guys talk this morning?" She shifted in her seat and stared at the food like it was going to start speaking to her.

"Yeah." I said, slowly dropping my fork and looking at her. "He told me I was an ass, and that I was going to lose the best girl in the world if I didn't get up to the room and grovel. Naturally, I knew all that before he mentioned it, but still."

She seemed satisfied with that answer. We joked around through breakfast and put the dishes in the dishwasher.

"I should go." Nat started heading towards the door.

"Stay." I placed the wet dish on the counter and walked around to pull her into my arms. My mouth found hers, bestowing a gentle kiss across her lips, one that held a promise I couldn't convey with words. That she could trust me, that I could be different, that with her I could be anything.

"I can't." She sighed and shook her head as I rained kisses down her neck.

"Why?" My lips moved against her skin.

"Because!" She pushed away a grin spreading across her face. "I have a ton of homework and some of us have to work for a living."

"I work."

She tilted her head to the side. "According to you, you're taking a much needed break right now."

Damn it. "True, but I still work."

"Fine, you work, but that doesn't change anything. I still have to go to my part-time job, and I have to fit in a run sometime today and do homework." Her eyes flickered to the clock on the wall; she looked a bit stressed. So I gave in.

"Fine," I grumbled. "Where do you work?"

"Seaside Taffy."

Smirking, I asked, "Do you wear cute little outfits and give out free samples?"

She rolled her eyes. "This conversation is going downhill fast."

Oh she had no idea how fast I could make the conversation go downhill. I was the king of turning the car. "Always." I chuckled. "Sorry, no more sexual innuendos. Okay, go get ready for work, do your run, and we can hang out later."

She nodded. "Aw, you're learning so fast."

"Do I get rewarded for good behavior?" Hey it never hurt to ask!

"And then he defaults." She sang.

"Crap." I crossed my arms and pouted and was surprised when Nat suddenly wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me.

She kissed me.

Holy shit.

I didn't know what to do with my hands or legs or mouth. Everything turned to jelly. It was like a first kiss, and then I parted my lips and tasted.

So. Damn. Sweet.

I kept my hands at my sides even though it was the last thing I wanted to do and tried to keep my body in check.

"You taste good." I pulled back and smiled.

She was breathless. "So do you."

I stared at her then shook myself out of it.

"I'll test you later okay?"

"Okay." I let her go.

When the screen door slammed behind her, I made my way up the stairs to my room.

My dresser may as well have been an alarm going off in my room. Stomping towards it, I yanked out the top drawer and rummaged through the shirts until I found the bag of pills.

Without a second thought I went into the bathroom and flushed every last one down the toilet.

I wanted the hard path.

Because I finally had someone willing to hold my hand while I walked it - who'd be there at the end of it.

CHAPTER TWELVE

Demetri

STALKING WAS TECHNICALLY illegal only if the stalkee wasn't aware they were being stalked. Right? Okay so I made that up. But still. Nat told me where she worked, in my mind that was basically like an invitation to visit her.

The only problem? How the hell was I supposed to go incognito? I hadn't really been out and about in town yet. All I knew was that the town was small and that there was a taffy stand on every corner. No for real. It was like they'd never even heard of Starbucks.

Which in my mind meant they were backwoods. The only Starbucks I could find was at Safeway, which just so happened to be a grocery store. And when I complained that it wasn't actually a real Starbucks the barista threw a straw at my face.

Pretty sure she wasn't aware I was the D in AD2 otherwise she would have most likely ripped open her shirt Clark Kent style and asked for an autograph.

Hmm, free coffee for life. I could bang for that.

Shit. New leaf. I was not that guy anymore.

And really to be that desperate for coffee... it was the only thing I could drink that distracted me from drugs. I needed something that would work. Something like...

"Taffy," I mumbled aloud as I walked into the store. It smelled like heaven, swear I had to fight from doing a little jig in the middle of the floor and splitting my jeans in two from rocking too hard.

Nat was indeed in a cute little uniform. Aw damn, she had a visor. I needed to instagram that shit ASAP.

Two teenage girls were hounding her with questions. Evan, the kid who hosted the party last night, looked like he was still drunk and contemplating puking all over the teeny boppers.

"Do I look like the type of girl a rock star would talk to?" Nat asked. Both girls shook their heads in unison. What spoiled little brats!

Time to save the day. "Oh, I don't know. I'd talk to you, you know, if I was a rock star." I sighed, leaning against the counter. I chuckled and licked my lips before winking and saying, "Nice visor."

Nat looked like she wanted to throw taffy at my face.

The girls both turned, and stared. One of them looked like she was going to pass out while the other just looked - like a future stalker. Great. I'd have to snap that photo after all.

"To answer your question," I said, looking between the two of them, "This girl is the exact type of girl I would hang out with. I may even kiss her today. That is, if she lets me." I gave them a solid wink.

The girls sighed and then one asked, "Can I have your autograph?"

"Sure." I was used to that sort of thing so I always carried a marker with me, I pulled it out of my pocket and signed a few napkins for the girls before sending them on their way.

"Thank God." Evan shared a look with Nat and then slammed his hand against the counter top. "I couldn't handle any more of their shrieking or questions."

"Anytime." I chuckled and then directed my attention to Nat. "So, you're off in an hour, right?"

"Yup." Her eyes flickered behind me; people were starting to whisper. Was my presence making her uncomfortable?

"Cool. I have plans for you, Nat." I eyed her up and down and enjoyed the answering blush that stained her cheeks.

"Okay."

I turned and started making my way out of the store when Nat's voice rang out again, "Hey Demetri?"

I stopped and glanced behind me. "Yeah?"

"Take care of some of this for us?" She pleaded pointing to all the gaping customers.

Ah! The things I did for the girl I liked. I threw my head back and laughed. "Fine, but you owe me!"

I started talking to people and signing autographs while strategically leading them outside. Yeah, Nat owed me, because the thing about me and Alec? We rarely did that sort of thing. We were private for a very good reason. But for once in my life, I was kind of over it. Over that whole 'secrets' thing. I just wanted to - live.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Alec

THE LAST TIME I wrote five songs in a row - I was high as a kite and ended up running around the house naked with my guitar around my neck. So why was I writing songs now?

Oh right, because Nat was with Demetri.

On a date.

In his car.

The same car that made girls swoon and forget their names - as well as their panties - but hey Nat wasn't one of those girls. Or so I kept telling myself over and over again.

I threw another Swedish Fish into my mouth and cursed myself for being so lame. Was I seriously staying home on a Saturday night pouring my feelings out onto paper and eating Swedish Fish all because I liked a girl?

I checked my phone and let out a growl. No text from him. And nothing from her, not that she'd ever actually texted me, but still. A guy could dream.

Strumming my guitar as I walked, I moved over to the window and looked out at the ocean. Yeah, I could write a lot of songs about that girl. And every single one would fail to do her justice.

I froze as Demetri's car pulled into the driveway. He slammed the door, ran to Nat's side, opened it and pulled her into his arms. Swear if he hurt her in any way I was going to murder him.

I ran down the stairs just in time to see Demetri open the door and step inside. Nat was pale and lifeless in his arms. Shit, I hated that my first guess was that he drugged her.

"What did you do to her?" I yelled, unable to control my voice because I was freaking out.

"I kissed her! That's it! We went to dinner and she fell asleep in the car!" Demetri cursed. "Geez, what, you think I drugged her or something?"

"Wouldn't be the first time," I grumbled. Fine, it was a low blow.

"What the hell!" Demetri laughed. "Are you kidding me? Seriously? You're going to bring that up, now of all times?"

I cursed and reached out to touch Nat's face, she was burning up. "Can you hear me, Nat?"

She moaned and tucked herself further into Demetri's chest. He looked panic-stricken, totally out of his element.

"We'll just take her home. She can sleep it off. She's probably sick," Demetri said a lot more calm now.

"No, we can't." I said in a stern voice. "Her dad and mom decided to extend their date night to a date weekend. They won't be back until tomorrow night. They kept leaving her messages but her cell phone must have died. Nat's mom knew you guys were out, so she left a message with me before they took off. They're gone."

"So?" Demetri shrugged. Was he really that stupid?

I pulled back from Nat's forehead and tried to imagine myself not strangling my brother where he stood. "So, if we leave her at her house and she's this sick, what do you think is going to happen to her? She's burning up."

"Oh." Demetri was quiet for a few minutes. "Does that mean she has a fever?"

I seriously almost went over to the wall and banged my head against it. "Just get some ibuprofen, Demetri, okay?"

"Fine." He went into the kitchen, opened the pantry and slammed the door. It echoed in my ears making my head pound harder. I focused on opening my eyes and was rewarded greatly for my strain.

He had put Nat on the couch, she looked so frail and helpless lying there and I hated that I couldn't do anything. "Nat, are you okay?"

"I think so." Her voice was heavy and groggy. "I don't feel well." It looked like she wanted to smile but it came across as a wince instead.

"Aw, sweetheart, I know you don't." I rubbed her forehead. "Do you want your fever to go down naturally or do you want some ibuprofen?"

She shook her head and then started to cry. My heart broke over and over again with each tear. Why did her tears make me feel like I was dying?

"Don't cry, shh, don't cry." I gently pulled her to her feet and walked her up the stairs, careful to take most of her weight in my arms. When we reached the bed, I lifted her onto it and laid her down. "You just have the flu or something. You'll be fine, okay?"

"Promise?" Her voice was so small and trusting. Hell yeah I promise. I'd do anything for her - anything.

I chuckled at her pitiful look. "I promise. And when you get better I may even let you drive my car."

"Tease." Her eyes fluttered closed as her breathing evened.

"Got some ibuprofen. What the-" Demetri stopped dead in his tracks. My eyes flickered across his face. He looked angry.

"Don't you think her boyfriend should be the one in bed with her, Alec?" Demetri snarled.

"Absolutely." I moved away from Nat. "I'll check back on you in a few." I nudged by him and scowled. "Try not to make it worse."

"Ass," Demetri mumbled as he slowly approached the bed. I eavesdropped on their conversation. And waited in the hall. Within seconds Demetri stormed by me and ran down the stairs. I knew what he was thinking. God, I thought it every time someone got sick. It was silly but I always went to that place, what if they died? What if they were never the same. A childhood like ours did that to a person.

Once the door slammed shut, I walked back into the room. "He doesn't like sick people." Actually Demetri wasn't a fan of sick anything. When our cat got sick on the tour bus he made us stop at a twenty-four hour vet service just to make sure it was okay. He hated illness. Hated it.

"Clearly," Nat mumbled and tried to get comfortable.

"Here." I chuckled and stuffed some pillows behind her back.

"So why doesn't he like sick people? Is he a germaphobe or something?" she asked.

"No." I sat on the bed and grabbed a book from the nightstand. "Our mom left us when we were little, and our dad died of cancer a few years afterwards. Most of Demetri's memories are of the hospital."

"What about yours?"

I laughed at the nice memory. "Playing checkers with dad when he didn't feel well enough to walk. Holding his hand when they told him there was nothing else they could do. Reading him books even though I was only ten and probably the worst reader on the planet."

"I like your memories." She yawned.

"Me too." I offered her an encouraging smile; she needed to sleep. "Demetri just deals with things different than most people. It doesn't mean he cares for you any less."

"Why are you always defending him?" She gasped and then shifted a bit. "Forget I said that, please forget I said that."

"Does it seem that way?" I asked carefully.

She nodded.

"Hmm, I guess it would. I don't know, Nat, I'm just protective of him. I'm older by a year, it's my job to be protective." Oh and I kind of ruined his life so I feel like I need to make amends by actually being a good brother. Or just an all-around decent human being.

Her eyebrows scrunched together. "If you're older by a year, and he's a senior and you're a senior."

"Good math, Nat." I kept a teasing tone even though I was a bit panicked.

"How are you in the same grade?"

"I live to lear.," I nudged her and smiled again. Wow I was a really bad actor.

"High school is like going to hell every day, so why would you willingly choose to go?" Why wouldn't she let it go?

"I never finished. We got busy touring and I kept putting it off. It's as easy as that. Demetri actually likes learning. He likes studying, even though it doesn't come easy to him. I'd rather do things. I can't sit and listen to someone drone on for hours without wanting to jump out the window." At least that was true.

Her eyes examined me for a minute before she said, "And here I thought you liked to sit and contemplate."

"No, it just appears that way." Because if I actually appear interested, or make a move, everything will be lost.

Nat covered up her yawn.

"You're tired. Go to sleep, Nat."

She shook her head.

"I brought a book." I held it in the air. "I'll be right here, okay?"

"Promise?"

I felt my control weakening as I took in her innocent form. "Promise."

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Demetri

I DROVE OFF like a complete jackass and then slammed on the brakes. What was I doing? Did I seriously get in my car and leave my girlfriend behind? My sick girlfriend?

I hit the steering wheel; my hands shook as I gripped until my knuckles turned white. It wasn't her fault. She didn't know about my dad. The smell of hospitals freaked me out - stuffy noses made me immediately think the person was going to get pneumonia. I mean, when people are terminally ill, they can die from a cold.

Seeing Nat lying in that bed, her face pale. I died a bit inside, maybe it was because I wasn't on the drugs but my damn feelings were physically hurting me. Swear, I never knew you could actually feel your heart clench. Mine did. I felt it squeeze and then I just... panicked.

I don't know how long I sat in the car staring out the windshield, but eventually, I turned around and drove back to the house, but not before stopping off and grabbing a bouquet of flowers.

Alec was downstairs watching TV. He didn't look up. "You okay?"

"Yeah." I ran my fingers through my hair, holding my keys in one hand and the flowers in the other. "It's just - she's sick."

He sighed and put the TV on mute. "I know man. You wanna talk about it?"

No. I wanted to get drunk. I wanted to forget that sickness existed; I wanted to forget that people died. I wanted to forget that when you get close to people it just hurts that much more when they leave.

"I'm good." I flashed a smile. "Has she woken up at all?"

"Nah" - Alec licked his lips and picked the remote back up again - "Maybe it would be good for you to go check on her? Just so you know she's okay?"

"Yeah." I fidgeted with my keys. "Yeah, I'll do that."

I made my way slowly up the stairs and let myself in Alec's room. Nat looked so peaceful, she had a small smile on her lips as her even breathing made my own pick up. She was fine. She was totally fine.

She was so defenseless so... pure. I walked up to the bed and took a seat. When she didn't stir, I lay down and pulled her warm body into my arms.

"Nat?"

Her eyelids flickered open in confusion as if she wasn't expecting me to be there. I couldn't blame her. I'd let her down - again.

"These are for you." I placed the flowers on the nightstand and gave her an encouraging smile - the type of smile that says 'I'm not leaving your side.'

Nat's eyes took in the flowers, her smile grew and then she mumbled a 'thanks.'

I reached out and tucked her hair behind her ear. "I'm sorry I bolted." I sighed. "Being sick just freaks me out. Alec said he told you, but it's not really an excuse to leave my girlfriend."

"It's okay."

"No, it's not." I snapped. "Damn, why are you so easy on me?"

"Fine. It's not okay. I hate you. Take your stupid flowers." She reached for the flowers, threw them on the ground, and smirked.

I grinned and had to fight to keep myself from barking with laughter. "Much better. What am I going to do with you? Hmm?" I ran my hand down her neck, my fingertips grazing her soft skin. "You're beautiful, funny... I can't even look at another girl."

"Well, I'm glad the man-whore has finally settled on one girl." Her eyes narrowed.

"Only one." I vowed, then reached down and gently kissed her lips. "Are you really feeling better?"

Nat scrunched up her nose. "I think I'm better."

"Hmm..." I threw off her covers. She looked down, her eyes wide as saucers. Yeah, she was totally in Alec's sweats. Damn him.

"Chill, babe. It's not like you're the first girl I've seen naked." I joked, trying to make her think I was somehow involved when it was my brother who had taken care of her, my brother who had helped her.

"Did you undress me then?" Her voice squeaked.

I wish. "It was a team effort." Hopefully that would make her feel better.

"Both you and your brother undressed me? Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't that sort of thing illegal in all fifty states?"

"Chill, Nat. It's not like we took turns with you or anything."

Without responding, she tried to get up, putting weight slowly on one foot and then the other. "You can't go around stripping people of their clothes, just because they're sick."

I frowned. Okay so maybe lying wasn't the best option. I thought it would make her feel better not worse! "But you were uncomfortable. Plus, I'm the one who did it. Alec was here supervising. For some reason he didn't trust me to do the deed without peeking." There, totally fixed.

"I'm going home," she announced.

Just kidding. Not fixed. I reached for her arm, "Like hell you are. You're staying here and that's final. You're sick. You shouldn't be up and walking anyways. Come on." With a grunt I lifted her into my arms and carried her down the hall towards the stairway.

"She try to escape or something?" Alec asked, suddenly appearing at the bottom of the stairs. I rolled my eyes and nodded.

Alec put his hands in the air. "She's scary when she's sick."

"She's also suicidal. She wanted to walk home." I snapped.

Alec scowled. "Nat, you'd make it as far as the kitchen table, pass out, and most likely crack a tooth in the process."

Nat tensed in my arms. Damn she was a firecracker.

"Lock the doors." Alec's intense gaze flickered from me to Nat.

I put her down on the couch and then walked to the doors, locking each of them. "Crap, how long have they been camped out?"

"Since you came back with the flowers." Alec answered.

"Who's camped out?" Nat piped up.

"Photographers, news crews, fans. Basically everyone in Oregon." Alec cursed and took a seat next to Nat. "Thanks to my brother's heroic kiss in downtown Seaside, the media can't wait to dig in to you."

"Great," Nat grumbled and laid her head on the arm of the couch. "If they saw me now they'd wonder what the fuss was all about."

Alec tilted his head. "You really don't see it do you?"

I walked back in the room and only heard the last part of the conversation.

"How breathtaking you are." Alec's eyes shone with appreciation. "Nat, you're absolutely gorgeous without any help from make up or fancy clothes. And you're the only person in the known universe who hasn't asked for one of our autographs."

"She hasn't?" I interrupted "Rude, Nat. Rude."

Nat laughed. "So that's how I get rid of you two? Ask for your autograph and throw my panties like the rest of them?"

I plopped onto the couch in between Nat and Alec. "I could live without the autograph part, but the panty-throwing sounds intriguing. You planning on doing that soon? I'll wait." I grinned and received a chuckle from Nat and a kiss on the cheek. Take that brother...

Alec cleared his throat. His eyes moving from me to Nat then back again. "I'll go see what I can do about the media for now. Why don't you guys watch a movie or something?"

Nat sighed. "My pick. I'm sick."

I cursed. "My head hurts, does that count?"

"Your head always hurts when you use it, silly, so no, doesn't count," Nat joked.

Alec left the room laughing, leaving me scowling at Nat. It was easy being with her. Talking with her. I didn't feel pressure to be someone that I didn't want to be. Yet, I couldn't' shake the feeling that something was off.

Especially when her eyes kept flickering behind the couch - as if she were looking for someone.

As if she were looking for Alec.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Alec

DEMETRI NEVER COULD last through an entire movie. High or not, he had a serious issue with keeping his eyes open when the TV was on. Nat and I watched movies until midnight. I knew it was time to take her home, but I really, really wanted to cuddle with her on the couch.

Yeah. Cuddle. That was how bad I had it. I didn't even want to peel pieces of clothing off; I just wanted to comfort her, to hold her.

Ugh.

"Thanks, Alec." Nat yawned and rose from the couch. "For staying up with me."

Her eyes were still partially closed as she tried to walk towards me like a drunken sailor. Poor thing needed to go to bed.

I smiled. "Anytime you want a movie buddy. I'm there."

Great, so she'd forever associate me with being just a friend. Right. Because that's what I had in mind.

Shaking my head, more at myself than her, I looked between the blinds and noticed that the photographers were nowhere to be seen. Good.

I turned around and whispered, "Ready?"

Nat nodded. I unlocked the door and grabbed her hand as we slowly made our way across the backyard and up to her door.

Everything was blanketed in black. I hadn't turned on the sensor lights because the last thing we needed was to put a spotlight on the fact that Nat had been in our house all day.

Not that it mattered. The media already knew, which meant Nat's normal life was about to be over. I didn't want to freak her out, but she needed to be warned. The desire to pull her into my arms and comfort her damn near overwhelmed me.

Nat's hand stilled on the doorknob as I leaned in and whispered, "Everything's going go to change, Nat."

"What do you mean?" her voice wavered a bit.

"You're going to be on every news station, every radio station, every gossip site. I just want you to know, it's about to change and it's not going to be easy."

Nat looked away. "They'll get bored with me."

When I didn't say anything, she simply wrapped her arms around my neck and hugged me.

If I died tomorrow - it would be with a smile on my face. Her body felt so right pressed against mine. "Nobody could ever get bored of you, Nat. That's impossible."

"You're just being nice because I'm sick."

I chuckled and stepped back so I could look into her eyes. "I'm not just being nice, I'm being honest. Now get some rest." One kiss. On the cheek. Just one. I leaned in, but just as I was about to brush my lips across her cheek, a flash went off. Rage pumped through me. "Get in the house, Nat. Now!" I pushed her into the house and turned to face the photographers.

"Don't you guys have anything better to do then stalk an innocent girl?" I spat.

"Whoa." The photographer kept snapping pictures of me as I stalked towards him "There a reason your so chummy with your brother's girlfriend? Does he even know?"

"We're friends." I yelled. "Now get the hell off our property!"

"Why are you really here?" The other photographer smirked. "Come on, Seaside?" They both cursed at me and laughed.

I was just about to attack both of them when Demetri ran up to us. His arms wrapped around my chest as he pulled me back. "Come on, man, it's not worth it."

"Let me go, damn it!" I lunged for the guys again.

Demetri held me firm and ushered me back into the house.

"What the hell, man?" I yelled once Demetri locked the doors again then turned to face me. "You should have let me punch them, they got pictures."

Demetri was calm, his voice low. "Of what?"

"Nat hugging me." May as well have the word guilty written across my forehead. "But she was just thanking me, thanking us for taking care of her!"

"Really?" Demetri crossed his arms and paced in front of me. "Why are you being so defensive? So you hugged her, big deal."

"But..." I pinched the bridge of my nose. "You kissed her yesterday, I hugged her tonight. It makes her look..."

"Well shit." Demetri groaned into his hands. "Thanks, I know exactly how it looks."

"If the media found out..." I choked a bit. "If they found out about our past, and what I did to you, and now with Nat..."

"Look" - Demetri's eyes flashed - "They aren't going to find out, okay?"

I wasn't so sure.

"We need body guards." Demetri sighed and pulled out his phone. "I'll get Bob up here, ask him to bring one of the usuals from the tour."

Was I seriously that shaken up that Demetri was the one thinking with a clear mind? I still wanted to run outside and ram my fist through those bastards' faces!

In that moment I saw a side of Demetri I had always hoped existed, but had given up on long ago.

Maturity.

And again, I was back to square one with Nat. Because blood always came before a girl... I shuddered. The problem? I knew we weren't blood brothers. And he didn't. He didn't know. He didn't know anything.

If he ever found out.

The secrets I kept from him.

I'd lose him forever.

Demetri got off his phone and tossed it onto the couch. "You okay?"

"Yeah." I nodded. "Thanks for..." I pointed at the door. "That."

"We're brothers." He said it like it was so simple.

I nodded and smiled. "Yeah man, yeah, we are."

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Demetri

NAT WAS STANDING in her driveway with her hands on her hips. Most of her hair was pulled back in a haphazardly done ponytail and she had a scowl on her face. "Geez, took you long enough to get ready," I said, scaring the crap out of her.

Her eyes narrowed. "I overslept."

"I couldn't tell." I eyed her up and down and winked as she blushed bright red and tightened her arms across her chest. "Do it again." I tugged her into my body and kissed her mouth.

"What?" Her voice was soft.

"Blush. It's sexy." And she just blushed two shades darker. I. Am. Awesome. I picked her up off the ground and twirled her around then kissed her cheek. Wow. I could totally survive life if I had a girl like her standing in my driveway every freaking morning.

"You ready man?" I heard the screen door slam as Alec bounded down the stairs. Interesting choice of clothes. He wasn't blending in. Not one bit. Rocker skinny jeans, a graphic shirt, converse and a beanie. Yeah... way ta look LA dude.

I understood though. Why try to blend in when everyone already knows anyways? It's why I wore ripped jeans and put my man necklaces back on as well as my leather bracelets. Who the hell cared that we didn't fit in? We had Nat.

I didn't realize I said 'we.'

As in she was both of ours.

Until I got into the car.

"Let's go." Alec got into his car an unlocked the doors. The drive to school felt tense. But then again, I knew it would be. Alec got zero sleep if his stomping through the house was any indication last night.

And me, well, let's just say between telling the giant bear I was living with to calm the hell down and trying not to panic over the fact that he was that bent out of shape over something involving my girlfriend - it was almost enough for me to want to reach my arm down that toilet and snatch up those drugs.

Hey, I didn't say it was a pleasant mental picture.

I settled for a Coke Zero at six am.

Soda. I was drinking soda in the morning.

And they say drugs can kill you.

My cell rang in my pocket. Swearing at my publicist's number, I pulled it out and barked into the phone. "What?"

"Damage control." He coughed. "Just let it roll over but it's worse than you guys suspected. The media's making it out to be that she's AD2's newest plaything.

" I'm sorry, what?" I roared. "How the hell did that happen?"

"Look, Demetri, it will blow over. It always does. Jamie Jaymeson was just found walking out of a hotel with three girls. Three, Demetri. Trust me, once that video goes viral, you're good."

I cursed into the phone then hung up.

Mature. I'm aware.

"How bad?" Alec asked quietly.

"Bad," I croaked.

"Atlanta bad?"

I snorted. "Worse, man, so much worse." I turned around and bit my lip as I thought of exactly what to tell Nat. "I don't know how to say this, or even how to warn you."

"Just say it," Alec spat. If I had pills I would have given him one.

I gave my brother a glare before reaching for Nat's hand and kissing it. "The media's cooked up a pretty ridiculous story. It's not going to be an easy day."

Nat's tilted her head and spoke softly, "What kind of story?"

Alec swore under his breath while I explained. "One where you were seen kissing one brother one night, only to be seen almost kissing the other the next night." I left out the part in the middle about us sharing her for sex or playing with her for sport. She was too innocent to get it. I didn't want to share ugly with her; I wanted to protect her from it.

She was silent for a few minutes then asked, "So they labeled me a whore?"

Alec slammed on the breaks and put the car into park smack dab in the middle of the road. Aw shit. The bear was back. Good job Nat. You poked it.

Alec's eyes were furious as he seethed. "Don't you dare ever call yourself that. Do you understand?"

Nat's lower lip trembled; she gave a quick nod and folded her hands in her lap.

I reached out and touched Alec's arm, trying to calm him down, hoping that he'd realize he was scaring the shit out of the girl he was supposed to be protecting.

The girl he would have chosen for himself, had I not stood in the way. I wasn't stupid. Okay, so I wasn't that stupid. And funny thing about being sober, you notice a lot more than you used to. Like the way that within twenty-four hours my brother had turned into a rageaholic who speared fish for dinner and wore war paint across his face.

"So what's the plan?" Nat asked. All normal. As if I hadn't just told her that her life was semi over.

My mouth dropped open. "How are you not more upset?"

She shrugged. "I missed breakfast and didn't have my morning coffee. I have no energy to be upset."

Alec cursed again and reached into the glove box pulling out a protein bar. "You gotta eat, Nat. You were sick this weekend."

Aw cute, he was going to be such a good wife some day to a very lucky woman... The dude needed like... sugar or something.

While Nat nibbled on the bar I explained, "You're my girlfriend, people know that. We'll just have to do some damage control. And don't be seen alone with Alec."

"That won't be a problem." Alec put the car in park, turned off the ignition and jumped out.

Nat looked like she was about three seconds away from bursting into tears. Shit. Damn it Alec! He never left me in positions like this. It was both aggravating and... invigorating? I don't know. It was like he trusted me to make it better. He trusted me when he wasn't in control. And I kind of liked the rush of stepping up to the plate.

"He feels responsible." I sighed, reaching for Nat's hand. "He's not mad at you."

She nodded as her eyes pooled with tears. Quickly, she averted her gaze and grabbed her bag.

"Nat, look at me."

I placed my hands on either side of her face. "You have to be brave, okay?"

She took a deep breath. "Okay. I can do that."

"That's my girl." I hopped out of the car and opened her door.

We walked hand in hand into the school amidst the awkward stares and whispers as we made our way down the hall.

Some students took pictures, others pointed and laughed. In all reality it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.

"Security?" Nat asked, once we reached the lockers. I was busy texting Alec to see if he'd run into oncoming traffic yet.

I almost ran into Bob. "Sorry, guys, didn't see you."

Nat gave me a look that said, 'how could you not see them, they're huge!'

"Bob." I smirked and motioned to the security guard with the prison tattoo on his head. "You're going to shadow Nat for the remainder of the school year."

Bob nodded. The man took his job so seriously that even I was freaked out a bit when he was with me.

"Why am I getting shadowed?" Nat asked in a pleading voice.

"Because." Damn it, I knew it wouldn't bet this easy. I reached into my pocket for my phone, pulled up the latest headline that read 'Local Girl Bags AD2' and held it up for her to read.

Nat's face flashed with anger as she slammed the phone back into my hand. I sighed. "Nat, it's going to be fine. Even if it means I need to run through the streets screaming and drunk so they don't focus on you."

"Wouldn't you do that normally?" she asked.

"Hilarious." So what if I would? I rolled my eyes. "Now, Bob has been instructed to keep tabs on you all day, especially when I can't, oh and here..." I almost forgot about the phone I had for her. "You'll need this."

"I have a phone." She mumbled.

"You have a dinosaur. Take the phone, Nat." I dangled the phone in front of her.

"Since when are PDA's dinosaurs?" she snapped.

"I thought you had computers here?" I looked around trying to appear genuinely confused. "People don't use crap PDAs anymore, not when they can have an iPhone. Don't be mad, but I programmed some numbers in there in case of emergencies. You'll have to add the ones you need too, and you'll also have to text the friends you trust and give them your new number."

She took the phone, though I could tell she wanted to shove it up my ass, said a 'thank you' then walked towards class. Bob followed close after her. It was kind of a funny sight. Sweet little Nat getting tailed by Bob.

A few hours later I found her in the lunch line talking to Evan.

"How goes Hell day?"

Evan answered for Nat. "A girl called her a bitch behind her back, another called her a whore, and I could have sworn someone just pushed her."

"Thanks, Evan." Nat saluted him and rolled her eyes. "He's being dramatic."

Evan lifted his eyebrows. "Me, dramatic?"

"See?" She pointed at him and gave me a very fake reassuring smile.

I didn't smile back; I was still trying to process the fact that someone would call her that. "Who do they think they are? They can't treat you like that! You're my girlfriend!"

"Yeah, I don't think they really care." Nat picked up her tray, balancing it with her water bottle. "And to answer your question, they're high schoolers. Imagine Hollywood only the drugs are cheaper, the women are looser, the men are hornier, and everyone's hormones are spiked like they're high on ecstasy."

"Wow, Nat," Evan said behind us. "That was actually quite accurate. I'm impressed."

I hated that she was right. The sick part? Any one of those girls would take her place. If I jumped on the table and said 'hey I need a few volunteers for later tonight.' I'd have endless girls throwing me their bras. People could be such hypocrites. It pissed me off.

"What can I do?" I asked.

"Other than threatening everyone in school?" Nat eyebrows shot up. "Let it blow over. They'll have to give up after a while."

Bob followed us to the table.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Alec

NAT SAT AT the table with Bob, Evan, and Demetri. My eyes followed her the entire distance from the lunch line to the table.

And when she sat. I still stared.

So many emotions raged through me that I didn't know which one to pick. Should I be pissed that I freaked out and let Demetri make everything better? No, because funny enough, he did a good job and he was right. Ugh, that was a bitter pill to swallow. And yeah, I got the irony about pills.

He handled it so well - everything. I was the one that was a mess. Because I knew deep down, it was my fault. Demetri was finally turning into the guy I knew he could be. Slowly, he was changing and I had Nat to thank for it.

But here's the thing about liking someone - having such a strong pull to them that you can't eat or sleep or even function throughout the day. Even though you know it's a shitty idea to involve yourself, you can't help it. Eventually you will justify your actions in order to get what you want. I hated my lack of self-control. What's worse? I think Demetri knew. How could he not? After how I acted last night and this morning? Damn I didn't want to hurt him. Maybe it was best if I left. Maybe I should just - go back to LA, let him do rehab here. It's not like I was the one with the drug problem. I quit cold turkey; hell I could even drink still and be totally fine.

See? Justifying again.

Helllll... I groaned and stole another glance at Nat. She looked really pretty today - tired - but pretty.

She laughed at something Demetri said, then looked across the lunchroom, locking eyes with me.

My mouth went dry as we held gazes.

It wasn't just me

And that's what made it so hard. Yes, she liked Demetri, but she was curious about me, which almost made it worse.

I didn't even realize someone had sat down next to me, until a girl reached out and touched my arm. I jumped a foot and swore.

"Sorry." She smiled. "You just seemed like - stoned or something."

"Hah." I cracked a smile. "Nope. Just fine."

"Good." She shrugged. "I wasn't hitting on you or anything." She blushed.

I barked with laughter. "Thanks for the heads up."

She blushed a deep red. "I just... you looked lonely." She bit down on her lip. "And there was no where else to sit."

I returned her smile. She was sweet - nice - not salivating over me and definitely not stripping so I could get an eyeful of her goods. I liked it. But she wasn't Nat.

Damn it! I stole another glance at Nat's table. She was watching me, glaring more like it. My smile fell. Holy shit was she mad at me? Because I was talking to another girl?

Screw that.

"Thanks for sitting by me, I gotta run." I whispered to the girl and stalked out of the lunchroom, nearly throwing the door off the hinges. Where the hell did she get off being mad at me? When she was kissing my brother?

I leaned against the wall and cursed, just as the lunchroom doors burst open revealing a panic-stricken Nat.

My brain said 'no.'

My heart said 'no choice.'

I grabbed her from behind and tugged her into the janitor's closet. Thank God it was open. "Don't' scream," I whispered. "It's just me."

"What was that about, Nat?"

"What do you mean?" She twirled a piece of hair between her fingertips.

"Don't play dumb," I said. I really didn't have the self-control to stay inside a small space with her that long. But we needed privacy. It needed to end. Now.

Nat's lower lip quivered, then she bit down on it, sucking it with her teeth. She may as well have kissed me for as violent as my body responded to that one little image.

"Don't do that anymore, please," I begged, my voice raw.

Nat stopped sucking her lip and looked up. "Do what?"

"Bite your lip, it's distracting as hell."

"Okay." It looked like she wanted to do it again, nervous habit I'm sure, one that would eventually be my demise. And then she put her hands on her hips drawing my attention to her body. I almost groaned out loud.

"Yeah, like that's better." I pushed her a little so we had more space between us and sighed. "Now, are you going to tell me why you were trying to kill me with your mind in the cafeteria?"

Nat looked down at her feet and mumbled, "You were smiling."

Silence.

"And" - she continued looking at her shoes - "it wasn't at me."

I exhaled. My body started to shake.

"I know it's stupid. I know how ridiculous I sound, but you were so angry this morning in the car and you never smile at me at school, and now it's even worse because you said you're going to try to stay away from me, and I really don't want you to. I want you to be... close."

Escape. I needed to escape. I tried to lighten the topic. "You talk a lot when you're nervous."

"A habit I'm trying to break," she retorted.

Her body was like a magnet, drawing me towards her. I couldn't'help it. I didn't want to help it.

"Nat..." My hands moved to her shoulders, she felt so damn good underneath my hands. So precious. This was it. It was time for honesty. I needed to clear the air. "We both know I can't be close to you."

"They're just pictures," she grumbled.

"It's not about the pictures," I said quickly.

Her head snapped up.

Our breathing was mingled - labored. I swayed a bit on my feet, swayed directly into her space; my mouth was so close to hers, so damn close. I couldn't. I seriously couldn't. I needed to leave. My brain screamed at me, my heart pounded against my chest, wrong. It was wrong.

"Nat..." I groaned, the pain of being so close but not touching her was killing me inside - ripping me to shreds. Nat was shattering me with her presence.

She reached up and touched my face. I closed my eyes and cursed under my breath. Her touch would always be my undoing.

"We can't," I croaked.

"Can't?"

"Us, we can never happen, Nat."

She jerked back. "Why?"

Why? WHY? I wanted to scream at her. Or maybe I wanted to scream at myself. "I promised someone a long time ago that I would never get in the way again. He really likes you, Nat. Possibly loves you. I won't do that to him. I can't do that to him, regardless of how I feel about you."

"How do you feel?" How did I feel? On fire. For her.

That moment defined me. For the rest of my life, I would always think back to the moment when I betrayed a person I loved the most. Where I was almost responsible for his death. Where I was responsible... for both of our lives. Because it wasn't me. It was us. Alone. In that closet. And Nat wasn't choosing Demetri; she was choosing me. She wanted me. Girls have no idea what that does to a guy, when they finally let us see a part of their soul, when they expose the most private part of their emotions and ask the question, "Will you love me?"

So how did I feel? Really? I felt a lot of things. But I chose the feeling that out-ruled them all.

"Guilty," I growled just as my mouth pressed against hers. A small gasp escaped between her lips just as my tongue pushed its way into her mouth. My kiss turned aggressive way too fast. Like I hadn't actually kissed a girl before and was experiencing a first kiss all over again. Everything felt new, exciting, overwhelming. Her taste intoxicated me, made me want things I shouldn't want. I moaned into her mouth, then took that lower lip captive, the same lip that had been taunting me for weeks.

I kissed her harder; I prodded. And then I pulled back. Wrong. I had been wrong. That wasn't the kiss to start all kisses - it was the kiss to end them.

It was goodbye.

I stumbled back, my breathing ragged. "Goodbye, Nat."

Her eyes pooled with tears as I opened the door to the closet, looked up and down the hallway, and fled the scene.

I was officially the brother who had lost it.

Forty-five minutes later I was returning from the parking lot - I'd left my phone in the car to charge and wanted updates on the whole scenario regarding Nat.

Nat. Ugh. Someone run me over with a car, please. I'd even pay someone at this point.

As I got closer to the main doors to the school I saw two figures. One was Nat, the other my brother. He was kissing her - quite aggressively. Which I should have been used to by now, but it still stung.

And then Nat wrapped her arms and body around Demetri like a freaking pretzel.

Right. So that's how things were going to be.

I kissed her less than an hour ago.

My tongue was in her mouth.

That's what happens when you let someone go - they latch onto whoever's close by, who just so happened to be her boyfriend.

To say it was the worst day I'd had in a long time would be a hard-core truth.

"Skipping school?" I interrupted.

"Nat wasn't feeling well." Demetri pulled away and shrugged. Hmm, wonder if guilt did that to a person. Ate them alive from the inside out. Oh wait, yes, yes it did.

"I wonder why. She looked fine in your arms a few seconds ago." I made eye contact with her. Steely brown eyes met my gaze. Yeah, I'd totally just pissed her off.

Cool so maybe she'd run me over with the car. One could only hope.

Instead, I played indifferent. I smirked at them both. "Whatever, I just came outside to grab something from the car. You kids have fun."

My entire body was shaking as I made my way back into the school. I almost stumbled a few times. Legs like lead, I finally made it to class and stared numbly at the teacher.

I'd officially pushed away the only girl I'd come to really care for.

It would be worth it though - right?

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Demetri

"COME ON." I unlocked the car and got in.

"How's Alec going to get home?" Nat asked, staring back at the school like Alec was going to magically come bursting through the doors.

Her kiss was different.

She kissed me hella hard. Not the type of kiss I was used to from her. It wasn't shy it was - angry.

But the anger? Not directed at me. Otherwise she wouldn't have gotten in the damn car.

I started the car and sighed. "I left Lloyd with him, he'll catch a ride. Don't worry, my brother is very capable of taking care of himself."

"Right." She flashed a grin.

"So..." I put the car in reverse. "I have all afternoon and then I need to go to your mom's for an appointment."

"Do you guys go every week?" Nat twisted a piece of hair in front of her face and didn't make eye contact.

"Yup." I watched her. Watched her and she wasn't even aware I was watching her. She was... somewhere else.

Her cheeks turned pink. "You and Alec."

Silence and then, "Of course."

She huffed and rolled her eyes. "When are you going to trust me?" The car stopped at the stop sign leading out into traffic.

"When I know I can." I looked into her eyes - guilt was written in every feature on her face. She may as well have a sign on her head that said 'I'm sorry.' What the hell happened this afternoon? The way I saw it, we had two choices. I could stick my head in the sand or I could put it all out there and hope that in the end, I was enough for her.

I cursed and pulled the car over to the side of the road. "Wanna tell me right here and right now so we can get this over with?"

"What do you mean?"

I laughed and looked out the window. Wow. She was going to play totally innocent. "I think you know exactly what I mean."

Her breathing picked up as she looked away and swallowed then pressed her hand to her chest as if she was trying to calm herself down.

I cursed. "My brother is off limits. I don't share." Been there. Done that. The toy broke. And my heart was lost in the process.

"And I do?" she blurted. "What about the cheerleader you were making out with at the party?"

I hit the steering wheel and cursed. "I thought you were over that! It was a mistake! Alright? Besides this is different." And it was different. Girls didn't understand how guys worked. I don't even remember the chick's name. I didn't care then, don't care now. It's possible for us to be just... physically all over someone without having an emotional attachment. That girl meant nothing - while Nat meant everything.

"It's different how? You want me to trust you? Then you have to trust me!" Her voice shook.

"He's my brother, Nat. There are things you don't know. It wouldn't be the first time a girl had the hots for both of us and went for it, okay?"

"I'm not that kind of girl."

"You sure?" I snapped, mainly because she was about as unconvincing as a person could get.

"That was uncalled for." Hands shaking, she opened the door to the car, climbed out, and began walking up the street in the opposite direction.

"Nat, stop!" I ran after her and pulled her into my arms. "I'm sorry, I just get so damned jealous. I see the way he looks at you. The way you look at him." I was fishing for information - for anything that would tell me which direction her thoughts were heading. I was already sunk - in way too deep. If she pushed me away now - well, how could I survive it? When my heart had just started to heal? When my soul still felt so fragile I wanted to sob like a little kid? Hell, maybe I still was that lost little kid, needing acceptance, needing someone to tell me that it was okay to cry, that it was okay to be sad, that it was okay to feel.

"It's not like that." Her eyes were glossy with unshed tears. "It won't ever be like that. Believe me, he's made it very clear where his loyalty lies." Well shit. He rejected her. My brother went and fell on his own sword.

I sighed, looking away from her so I could process the information. "But have you made your intentions known? Have you made your choice, Nat?" When she didn't answer I tilted her chin towards me and whispered against her cheek. "Because up until now, I've had my doubts."

Her eyes flickered for a minute before shutting me out completely. "I want you."

Wow. That hurt. More than I thought it would. Our first lie. Our first fight. The first time I finally realized that our relationship would never be equal. She'd always want him. And me? I'd always want her.

How messed up was that?

Furthermore how messed up was it that I was so desperate for anything from that girl that I was willing to take whatever she wanted to offer me. Damn it, if she would have trampled on her own heart and then handed it to me, I would have received it with all the humility and gratefulness I possessed. Nat was a treasure. One I vowed that one day, I'd win. I'd deserve.

Starting now.

I forced a wide grin. "You mean it?" I kissed her lips. "Tell me you mean it." My hands went to her hair, threading it through my fingers.

"I mean it." She returned my kiss, pressing her lips against mine then retreating as I spoke against them.

"I really care about you, Nat. I've never felt this way before." My tongue caressed her lower lip, then slid into her mouth.

"Me either," she said, her little body was shaking so bad I wanted to sob.

I kissed her again. Our mouths met and it was like a decision was made in her mind. She wrapped her small arms around my neck and held on for dear life.

My body trembled beneath her touch. Had she any idea what she did to me? What just her touch did to calm my aching soul? I kissed her again but was interrupted by someone honking their horn. We pulled apart and laughed.

"Food?" I asked.

"Food." She nodded and held my hand.

I never wanted her to let go.

CHAPTER NINETEEN

Alec

FUNNY HOW DAYS turn into weeks. Weeks turn into months. The outside world changes, yet my heart? The way I felt about her? Stayed exactly the same. I tried everything. I stayed away - watched from afar like a total creeper, and let Demetri be Demetri.

I laughed when he told me stories of Nat. I even went with them to the movies a few times.

On the outside - everything was fine.

On the inside? I was shredded.

It didn't help matters that Demetri had asked me to take Nat to Homecoming because he couldn't go. He'd changed. That was all there was to it. I was a man divided. One side of me was thrilled that Nat had helped Demetri turn into the brother I'd always hoped he could be. While the other half wanted to strangle him with my bare hands for stealing her kisses - when I wanted to save them for myself.

Demetri wanted to go back to LA to help with a volunteer theatre program; it was only going to be for a week or so.

I couldn't say 'no' to him I wanted to say 'no.' I wanted to run screaming in the other direction.

Instead. I grinned - and said 'sure why not?'

It was the weekend. I'd just finished my last final and was making my way down the hall when I saw Nat emerge from homeroom and do a little dance in the hallway. Crossing my arms, I leaned against the lockers and watched in amusement as the girl went into full out choreography. Damn, I wish I were that happy to finish a final.

"Is that from High School Musical?" I joked.

Nat froze, her hand mid-air as if she was doing Saturday Night Fever or a clock move, and turned. My grin was so wide it actually hurt my face. I lifted my phone into the air, snapped a few pictures and quickly sent them to Demetri.

Nat groane., "Please tell me you didn't take a picture."

"I didn't take a picture," I confirmed.

She exhaled.

"I recorded it and just uploaded to Youtube," I lied.

"No!" she gasped barreling towards me.

"Nah." I shrugged, loving the blush that crept up her cheeks. "But I did send it to Demetri."

Holy shit she was scowling at me! It was the most we'd talked in three weeks. Most words we exchanged were yes or no answers to questions.

She exhaled and put her hands on her hips. "What do you want?"

"Don't ask a question you don't want the answer to," I said darkly. Ah, and there it was, the pent up frustration and emotion just begging to be released. Damn what I wouldn't do to get the chance to slam that pretty body against the lockers and kiss her senseless. I pushed the memories of her lips down into the darkness of my brain - into the black hole of my heart and offered her a casual smile.

"Sorry."

I shrugged. "Demetri wants me to take you to Homecoming."

Nat was quiet for a minute then said, "Demetri is very trusting."

"Demetri knows where my loyalty lies." Wow, that totally sounded like some cheesy movie line.

"So do I," she said quickly.

We stood there glaring at one another for what seemed like hours.

"Look..." I cursed and walked towards her, she had to know that it would be okay. I mean I could control myself; I wasn't that immature. "We're friends. Let me take you. It would suck to go by yourself."

"True." She folded her arms across her chest, drawing my attention to the low V of her t-shirt. My eyes flickered down and then away from her body. "I just don't know if it's the best idea."

"I'll be the perfect gentleman." Says the guy who just checked her out and had visions of mauling her. Right.

Nat hesitated briefly. "I'll go with you. Thank you for asking."

Why the hell did it feel like she'd suddenly opened the door and let sunshine into my life? I felt like a weight had been cut away from me. I couldn't help the smile that parted my lips as I realized... I had a date. With Nat. It may not be a real date, all things considering, but I'd imagine it was. And when the night was over, I'd have that memory to hold me over for the next few weeks.

We said our goodbyes. I watched Nat run to her truck and get in. She seemed happy that things worked out - while I was... absolutely, thrilled. Lame, never thought I'd see the day where going to a high school dance would make me want to break out in song.

CHAPTER TWENTY

Demetri

AIRPORTS WERE NOT my happy place - and this time it was worse because I wasn't with Alec.

By myself. I was all by myself.

I checked my phone. Nat had texted me. God, I loved that girl. More than life, more than air, more than freaking Starbucks or my guitar or -

Cursing, I shoved my phone back into my pocket.

That was why.

It's not like I wanted to test her loyalty or anything. I just loved her - I wanted her to be able to go to her Senior Homecoming even if I wasn't going to be the guy to take her. Ironic, that I didn't trust anyone but my brother to do the job. Especially considering he'd confessed not but a few days ago that he liked her.

At least he was finally honest. I could respect him for that, for not lying to me when I asked him straight up how he felt and if I could trust him.

It's hard.

Hard when you love two people so much - and know deep down in your soul - they love each other possibly just as much as you love them. What's a guy supposed to do with that? Did it make me selfish that I was willing to still date Nat when I knew that part of her still wanted him? Did it make me a horrible brother?

I pulled my baseball hat further over my eyes and handed the boarding pass to the attendant.

With a sigh I walked onto the plane and took my seat in first class.

"Champagne?" The flight attendant held a tray in front of me.

I stared at the alcohol, my mouth immediately going dry. I thought of Nat, thought about how long I'd actually gone without drugs or alcohol and shook my head. "No. I'm good."

It seemed small. To say no to a drink.

But for me it was epic.

I wanted to run around the plane and do a little dance, possibly flash someone my nipple rings, just so I could see their shocked expression.

Instead, I pulled out my phone and stared at Nat's picture.

A month ago I was doing it for her.

Today - was the first time I'd done something for me.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

Alec

SHE WASN'T ANSWERING her phone.

It had been three hours since she left the school parking lot - since I watched her drive away directly into the storm clouds.

Three hours where my mind went places it hadn't gone for over a year. A place where death existed - where my heart used to exist.

"Damn it!" I tried her phone again. Straight to voicemail.

I called Demetri.

Straight to voicemail.

Why the hell did people have cell phones if they weren't going to keep them on! I threw mine against the bed and cursed for a good ten minutes before staring out the window and willing her truck to come around the corner.

Another hour went by.

I was about five minutes away from calling the hospital. My clothes from school were still on - I hadn't even changed into my workout clothes. Hell, I'd forgotten to workout completely.

Cursing, I jerked off my jeans and put on sweats, then pulled my shirt off and threw it against the wall. My eyes flickered to the window just as Nat's truck pulled up into her driveway. The headlights went off. And I was absolutely seething. I was beyond pissed, beyond terrified, hell I was ready to fall onto my knees and weep at that point.

She jumped out of her truck and looked up.

Directly at me.

I stared at her, taking in my fill; she was okay. She was totally fine. I was being ridiculous. It was just rain.

But no matter how many times I told myself that - I was still frustrated as hell. I just, I needed to know she was okay - I also needed to give her a giant ass piece of my mind about NOT answering her cell phone and taking three years off my life.

Without thinking - I put on my flip flops, ran down the stairs into the outside and then used the trash can on the side of her house to launch myself onto her low roof and go over to Nat's window.

I was going to wait for her when I noticed it was open a crack. Are you freaking kidding me? Did I need to give her a bodyguard twenty-four-seven? What if someone would have crawled through her room - someone who wasn't me? Someone who wanted to hurt her?

Damn it. I was going to get gray hair; I just knew it.

With a grunt, I pushed the window open and stepped inside the room, shutting the window behind me. Grimacing, I looked down at my naked torso as water dripped off my body and onto the floor. Yeah, she deserved a wet floor after what she put me through. Hell, I had half a mind to give a little shake or something, create a damn pond, if that's what it took to get her attention and to get her to LOCK HER DAMN WINDOW!

"Holy crap, what are you doing here?" Nat gasped and dropped a bag onto the ground. What am I doing here? Oh you know, just freaking out, having a heart attack at nineteen, contemplating asking my brother where he used to store his pot so I could get high and forget about the fact that my heart is hammering so hard in my chest that I want to hold it a bit... or maybe I just wanted to hold her.

"What am I doing here?" I repeated, running my hands through my damp hair.

"In my room," she clarified eying me up and down.

I seriously had to take a minute so my voice wouldn't shake, "Do you realize how worried I've been about you?"

"Worried?" Her face softened. "Why?"

"You disappeared, Nat! When I came back to the house your truck was gone. You weren't at work. You weren't downtown... I waited for hours!" Yelling. I was full on yelling at her. Shirtless.

"I don't understand?" Her voice was small as she hugged her arms to her chest.

"Haven't you seen the weather report?"

She shook her head.

"A huge storm is coming in tonight, they're telling people to stay inside, and here you are driving around as if the damn sun is shining!" Calm down, calm down.

Nat sighed. "I'm sorry. I didn't know."

"Where'd you go?" I demanded pacing in front of her like I was more a forty-year-old dad than a teenager.

Jaw clenched, she answered, "Not that it's any of your business, but Lincoln City."

I cursed and turned away from her, stretching my arms behind my head to keep myself from putting a hole through the wall. I whipped back around. "Listen, Nat. I'm only nineteen. It's not good for my health to be thinking about all the awful things that could happen to you in the rain."

"It's just rain." She took a tentative step towards me.

I fought to keep my face from paling. "No, it's not. Things happen, you can lose control, your car can slip, people die." I closed my eyes and cursed.

"Was it raining when-"

"Yes." I said, voice hoarse. Demetri's girlfriend, Benjamin's mom, the accident, the storm. I shuddered.

"I'm sorry."

"You should be." I snapped, not really meaning it but feeling so damn angry that I wanted her to know it. I never understood why people got into fights, why people yelled. Now I knew. You yelled, not because you actually thought it would solve anything, but because you were terrified and wanted the other person to know that their behavior affected you in such a way that you couldn't be silent. Not even if you tried.

Nat's eyes flashed. "I was getting a dress."

For a moment I was confused, and then I hung my head. Damn it. "For Homecoming."

"Yes."

Anger cooling, I asked, "May I see it?"

"No."

I scowled. "Next time, will you just tell me where you're going? So I don't have a heart attack before twenty?"

She sighed. "Yes, but why didn't you just text me?"

"I think your phone died." Please let it have died because if she was just ignoring me I was going to freak out.

Nat pursed her lips together and dug her cell phone out of her purse; she stuck the charger in one end and sauntered back over to me. "Satisfied?"

My lips curved into a smile. "Sure."

Her eyes darted back to my chest before looking away again. "Put on a shirt or something, you're making me nervous, and I'm already edgy enough what with having to drive two hours through the rain."

"Sorry," I mumbled then looked around the room. What did she want me to do? Cover myself with her pink blanket?

Nat rolled her eyes and tossed me a shirt from the corner. It was the one she'd worn when she was sick.

Suddenly self conscious, I turned around and put the shirt on, I don't know why the hell I turned around. It felt stupid, but whatever.

"Hey." Nat called as I had the shirt half on.

"Does Demetri have any tattoos like that?"

Shit. I finished putting on the shirt and turned. "Yup. You should take a shower, Nat. Warm up a bit."

She shuffled her feet. "And what are you going to do?"

Oh you know, leave the room so I don't tempt myself to join you and scare the hell out of you with my nakedness. I settled with. "Make you dinner."

Nat's eyes went wide, "My mom will freak if she sees you downstairs."

"Nat, your mom won't even know I'm here."

Nat didn't look convinced.

"Nat. Shower. Now," I ordered.

Cute as hell, she rolled her eyes and stomped into the bathroom slamming the door behind her.

Chuckling to myself, I ran downstairs and checked her fridge. Left over chicken from the night before. Hmm, I opened the freezer. Veggies. Perfect. I made a quick stir fry, grabbed some soda, and brought it all up to her room.

I was just setting everything on the bed when the bathroom door opened, and Nat stepped out. In nothing but a towel.

Sweet. Lord.

She gasped and clenched the towel. Damn, I was hoping for the opposite.

My gaze met hers briefly before I mumbled, "Sorry, I thought you brought your clothes into the bathroom."

"Nope."

Her angry expression was priceless. I smirked. "I'll turn around."

"Yes, you will," she said tightly.

I waited while she ran over to the dresser I was standing next to and started picking through her clothes. She paused and then opened a top drawer filled with underwear. I watched her like a hawk. Her hand floated over a pair of black panties. I coughed.

"Do you mind?" she said tersely.

"I like the pink better." Hey at least I was honest!

She snatched the black pair. Of course she did.

"Girls take forever to get dressed," I grumbled, still looking away from her.

"Not usually, I'm just doing it for your benefit," she sang.

"You're crabby when you don't eat," I teased.

She huffed behind me. "Okay, done."

I turned around, my gaze hungrily taking in her leggings, imagining that black underwear as it kissed her skin. Agh... death by imagination. "I didn't really know what you wanted, so I threw in some stir fry with your leftover chicken, hope that's okay."

"Smells good." Her stomach grumbled on cue as she walked over to the bed and sat down. "Aren't you going to eat?"

"Nat, I don't think I'll have an appetite for a week. I was too worried to do anything except call you and stare out the window."

"I was fine." She shoveled more food in my mouth.

"I promised Demetri."

The fork dropped onto the plate. "You promised Demetri? What exactly did you promise him?"

I shrugged and looked away. "I promised him I'd take care of you. Then on my first day of babysitting you disappear."

"So I'm a toddler?"

"No, you're just very important." Though I may as well be explaining it to a toddler for all she understood.

"Important or irritating?"

"I'll tell you when I know." I chuckled and pointed to the food. "All of it, Nat. Eat all of it."

"I swear you're trying to fatten me up." She took another huge bite. I looked away as her lips formed around the fork. Yeahhhhh... my thoughts were nowhere near wholesome.

"Maybe." I sat on the bed.

Nat ate in silence. I watched her take each bite. For some reason I found satisfaction in taking care of her.

"Done," she announced, wiping her mouth with the napkin.

"Good girl." I pushed the tray away. "Now, how about a rematch?"

"Rematch?"

"Last I remember..." I stretched out across her bed. "You cheated during our final round of Go Fish. I think I deserve a rematch, don't you?"

"Fine," she grumbled. "But I don't know how I'm going to manage to eat candy after all that food."

"I'll be easy on you." Yeah right. Hard. I would be so hard on her.

"Right, you and easy don't really fit in the same sentence, Alec."

My lips twitched with a smile. "My place or yours?"

"Your place doesn't have crazy people coming in and out all hours of the night to talk about their feelings with my mom, so I choose yours."

I nodded and bounced off the bed. "You know just because they're seeking help from your mom doesn't make them crazy."

"I know. Otherwise I'd be putting you and your brother in that very same boat." If she only knew how far the crazy went.

"I thought we were captains of the crazy boat. My mistake." I opened the bedroom door and led her down the creaking stairs.

"Why do you see her?"

I paused, my entire body tensing. How the hell was I supposed to answer that question? Without telling her everything. "We're just dealing with some stuff, that's all. You're mom's good at what she does. She wouldn't be one of the most renowned psychiatrists on the West Coast if she wasn't."

"Pardon? What did you just say?"

Didn't she know how popular her own mother was? "Your mom, she comes very highly recommended."

"By who?" She yelled.

"Everyone." I shrugged. "Look, I thought you knew. Your mom's like a genius, she's written articles on grief, loss, depression, and addiction. I mean - I wouldn't be surprised if she's gotten offers to start her own rehab facility."

"Oh." Nat's lower lip trembled as she slowly fell to a sitting position on the stairs and started crying. What did I say?

"Nat, don't cry. I'm so sorry." I pulled Nat into my arms "Let's go to my house, okay? I'll make you hot chocolate and even let you win."

I rubbed her arms so she'd calm down,

"I just don't get how I don't even know my own family. I mean, am I that invisible?"

I tensed, my hands moving to her face. "Nat, look at me."

Her lower lip quivered as she locked eyes with me.

"You are anything but invisible. You are a treasure. I know your mom knows that. She loves you. Sometimes parents just suck at connecting with their kids."

"She sucks big time."

I laughed and kissed her cheek. "Yes, she does, but communication works both ways. Have you ever even asked her about work?"

Nat shifted uncomfortably. "No, but..."

"Sorry to say, but that's how relationships work. One of you has to take the first step."

She sighed and nodded her head.

"Wait here." I went in and explained to Mrs. Murray that Nat and I were going to hang out, after she came out to make sure Nat actually wanted to hang out with me without Demetri around, she let us leave.

The office door closed behind Mrs. Murray, Nat's mouth dropped open in shock. "Did you just ask my mom if we could have a sleepover?"

"Of course not." I laughed.

Her shoulders slumped in relief.

"I asked her if you could come play at my house and if you were really good, could you stay the night in my bed."

"You've got to be kidding me."

I threw my head back and laughed. "Only slightly. I did tell her we were going to hang out and not to wait up for you."

"Oh." So, that made her blush? Interesting.

"But if you want to spend the night, I wouldn't be opposed to it."

Nat's head jerked to attention as she stared me down as if enamored of the idea. Shit, make it better!

"You can have Demetri's room. He'd love nothing more than to come home and have your scent all over his sheets."

"Right." Nat's eyebrows furrowed as she bit her lip and looked down at the floor. "So, Go Fish?"

"Absolutely.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

Alec

"NAT? DID YOU hear me?" I stepped in front of her bracing her shoulders with my hands. "Are you sure you're okay?"

"Fine." She offered a smile that I'm sure she thought would convince me that she was totally fine. She was anything but fine, but hey if she didn't want to talk about it, I wasn't going to force her. I was the last person who should judge something like wanting to keep your secrets and emotions to yourself.

"So, what were you saying about letting me win?" she asked once the cards were dealt.

I cursed. "I thought you'd forget."

"You thought wrong."

Grinning, I slammed down my first card. "Do you really want to win that way, Nat? Where I suck on purpose so you feel better about yourself?"

She tilted her head in thought. "Yes. Yes I do."

"How did I know you were going to say that?" I grumbled and poured the fish onto the table. "Why don't I just eat two handfuls and then we can play like normal human beings?"

"Only if you intend on allowing me to lick them and put them on your face. There are rules you know and a promise is a promise."

Nat burst out laughing and my expression.

"Fifteen Fish."

"Twenty."

"Seventeen and not a fish more!"

She sighed. "Deal." Why did I have the sudden feeling she would have settled for ten?

Begrudgingly I picked up one fish and lightly licked it.

"Oh, no, no, no, I don't believe that's how the game's played." Without hesitation Nat plopped down next to me, stuffed a fish into her mouth, and then very carefully placed it on my cheek, her fingers basically branding me in the process for as hot as it made my skin.

Breathing suddenly became a huge chore. Nat's eyes locked with mine

The fish fell off of my cheek.

And just like that the spell was broken.

Instantly, I regretted that she'd moved to my side of the couch. Her presence was intoxicating. It made me think things. It made me want things I shouldn't want - want things I had no right to want. We reached for the next Swedish fish at the same time. Great.

"Maybe a game isn't the best idea?" I blurted.

Nat quickly nodded.

"TV?"

"Sure!" She tucked her knees underneath her and waited for me to find something to watch.

The minute I flipped channels it landed on Entertainment News. And of course, Demetri's perfect face was plastered all over the place as the host gushed about his current work with underprivileged kids. He waved at photographers as he wandered into his hotel. Demetri looked happy - he looked free.

"He looks happy," Nat said basically reading my mind.

"Happiest I've seen him in a while," I said quietly.

The TV flashed pictures of me and then of me and my brother on tour. I shifted uncomfortably because that was the last concert we'd done. The one where I'd given my brother an ultimatum. Then Nat's picture was thrown onto the screen and of course they had to discuss the fact that Nat wasn't just close to Demetri but me as well. Right, like we rocked that way and shared her every other night.

Guilt attacked every fiber of my being, because it was too close to the truth. We were sharing her - in a way she was both of ours. I had as much ownership over her as he did.

A commercial popped on the screen. I needed to go to bed. I was exhausted and the last thing I needed was yet another excuse to attack my brother's girlfriend.

"It's late."

"I know."

"We should go to bed," I said softly.

Nat's mouth dropped open.

Crap. "Separately."

"Right." She got to her feet and waited while I turned off the TV as well as the rest of the lights. Once the last light downstairs was extinguished, my heart took off like a jackhammer

"Alec?" Nat called to me in the dark. Damn it, I really should have thought that through. Darkness made me think things were okay that were so not okay in the daytime, in the light.

"I'm here," I said from behind her, my hand moving to the small of her back as I led her up the stairs. She tripped on the last one. "You okay?"

She mumbled a 'yes.'

We walked in silence down the hall, I pushed open the door to Demetri's room and flicked on the light. "So..." Everything was in khaki and white. My brother may be addicted to illegal substances but he was seriously the cleanest guy I knew. He liked bland colors for his room; said excitement made it so he coudln't calm down and sleep. Sometimes I wondered if he needed bland in his life because he was so ADD all the time.

"Wow." Nat's gaze roamed around the room.

"Creepy, I know," I said behind her. "He's weird about keeping his room clean and clutter free, says it messes with his music if he has clutter in his life."

"Sounds like him." She smiled happily. Was I imagining things or did she genuinely look like she missed him? My heart skipped a beat then took off again.

"So" - I clapped my hands together as if I was a freaking tour guide - "The bathroom's right through there, and the sheets are clean. I'll see you in the morning, okay?"

"Okay."

I nodded and started walking out of the room.

Nat called after me, "Alec, thanks for letting me stay and for..." She sighed. "For saying I'm important."

"No problem." I knew my smile was sad, but I couldn't help it. I slowly closed the door and walked across the hall to my room.

It wasn't the thunder that woke me up - nope instead it was Nat's yelling across the hall. At first I thought I'd left the TV on or something but it was her voice. Cursing, I ran as fast as I could to Demetri's room and threw open the door. Nat was thrashing in her bed.

"No! No!"

"Nat! Nat, wake up, Sweet. Wake up." I tenderly took her into my arms and rocked her gently. "It was just a dream."

Her entire body shook as I pulled her into my lap. She buried her head in my chest.

"Nat? Talk to me, Nat." My voice was shaky to say the least.

She trembled. "It was so real."

"Do you want to talk about it?" I caressed her head, keeping it firmly tucked under my chin.

"No." Her body convulsed.

"Come on." I lifted her into my arms, laying her cheek against my bare chest. Using my foot, I closed the door to Demetri's room and walked back into mine.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"Relax." I whispered, placing her on my bed. Carefully, I pulled back the covers and tucked her in. She looked exhausted. I kissed her forehead and got in next to her. "Sleep, Nat."

She shivered like she was cold. Well hell. I could handle this. I could control myself. "Come here," I draped an arm around her and tucked her into the curve of my body.

Nat tensed. Did she think I was that guy? That I would use her fear to put a move on her?

"Nat, I'm exhausted and most of all I'm a good guy. Close your eyes, and stop worrying. Demetri would understand."

"Okay." She sagged against me in relief, within minutes her breathing was slow and even.

I however - didn't' sleep a wink. And it had everything to do with the fact that her entire body fit perfectly against mine, and I had no clue, no idea, if I'd ever experience that type of perfection again.

Finally, around four am, I succumb to exhaustion. The morning sunlight woke me up first, and then it was Nat moving beneath me that got my attention. I kept my eyes closed, amused that she had somehow gotten herself so tangled in both my legs and the sheets.

She gave another grunt as she tried to pull her legs out from underneath mine. Finding it hilarious, I tightened my hold on her body. Nat sighed in frustration and tried again, then stilled.

Was she staring at me?

"Stop inspecting me, it's creepy," I said in a hoarse voice. "Did I mention I haven't slept that good in years?" Granted, it took me a while to get there but once I was asleep. It was like I'd been given a sedative.

"I'm the best bed partner ever." Nat joked trying to nudge me, instead, her nudge made it so she fell back against me - forcefully pushing our bodies together in a way that really, really, mimicked all things sexual.

I closed my eyes and cursed. When I opened them again, it was to tell her that this thing, whatever we had, couldn't ever be real. It had to end. It was too hard being close to her. Holy shit I was going to officially de-friend a person.

"Nat, we should, um, go for a run." Yeah. That's what I went with.

"Okay."

Neither of us moved.

Her breathing picked up speed as she lowered her gaze to my lips.

She didn't stop me. Not when I leaned closer to her, not when my head descended, not when my hands curled around hers pressing her softly against the mattress and not when my mouth found her lips - and lost all control. Nat reached around my head and pulled me tighter against her. I wanted to grind my hips against her - I wanted to take every inch of clothing she had on and rip it to shreds starting with that damn t-shirt that was Demetri's.

Shit. Demetri.

Nat's tongue met mine.

With a groan, I pinned her hands harder against the bed, and threw my other leg over her body straddling her so completely that I could feel every inch of her.

My tongue pushed deeper into her mouth, tasting, exploring. Her body arched up to meet mine as I tried to retreat. There was no way out of it. I wasn't in control of anything anymore - her tongue retreated briefly as she gasped for air, our mouths falling apart for mere seconds before I took her lips captive over and over again, bruising them, forcing them to desire me - instead of him.

Finally, somehow, I gained control. Maybe it was there all the time and I'd just been choosing to ignore it. I sucked her lower lip, allowing myself one last taste, and pulled away. "I'm sorry, Nat."

Every muscle flexed in my body. Not kissing her was almost as bad as kissing her because now I could see her. I could see her perfect little body beneath mine, her hair splashed across the white pillows.

"Why are you always apologizing after kissing me?" she asked, slowly moving to sit up.

I laughed bitterly. "Because I shouldn't be kissing you, Nat."

"But I thought you liked me."

"Liked you?" I roared causing her to scurry back against the headboard. "I don't just like you, Nat. But it doesn't matter."

"Why?"

"He loves you, Nat."

"I..." Her eyes darted from my face down to her feet "I care for Demetri, you know I do."

I swallowed and looked away. I didn't know how to find the right words. Would normal words even work in this situation? How could I describe to her how I felt? Without betraying my brother? Without hurting her in the process?

"I just care about you too," she whispered.

"Damn it! Do you have any idea how screwed up this is, Nat?" Her shoulders slumped in defeat as she nodded her head.

"It won't happen again." I swore. "I promised him it wouldn't happen again."

"What do you mean? Why are you so cryptic?"

I bit my lower lip and then let out a long sigh. "I would lose much more than your friendship if I answered that question, and regardless of my actions around you, I still truly desire to be your friend."

"Can you? With this between us?" Her eyes were hopeful.

I was quiet for a few minutes. It felt like hours when I finally found my voice. "I have to."

"So that's that?" she snapped.

I stood and turned to face Nat. "Yes. End of discussion."

She glared and threw back the covers to the bed. "Fine, let's go for a run."

"Nat." I reached out and grabbed her hand. "Please don't be mad. I don't think I could handle it if I knew you were mad. I know you don't get it, but we're messed up, both of us. My brother and I. You're the only one that's been able to bring him out of it. He needs you."

"More than you do?" she whispered looking down at the floor.

I cursed. "No."

Her head jerked up.

"I just know at what cost it would be to have you, and it's not a sacrifice I'm willing to make." I finished.

Tears pooled in her eyes as she nodded and wiped a few stray ones that had slipped down her cheeks away.

"Don't cry." I moved behind her and pulled her body against mine. I hated her tears. Hated that I was the reason she was crying - again. "I promise this is for the best. He can make you so happy, Nat. He deserves to be happy. You love him, I know you do."

She nodded, and without turning around said softly. "I love you, too."

I love you too? I LOVE YOU TOO?

How was it possible to be so happy yet so defeated at the same time? I opened my mouth to speak as I clenched her tighter. Two heartbeats, maybe three, possibly four - that's all it took for me to change our paths - our destiny forever.

"I love you too." My lips grazed her ear and as the words fell from my mouth I knew - I would never love another - the way I loved Nat Murray and even if she was with Demetri for the rest of her life - I would live every day still loving her - Forever.

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

Demetri

BLAH-BLAH-BLAH. Holy crap, slap me in the face. If Angelica didn't stop talking soon I was seriously going to take a dive off the edge of this building. I was drinking water like it was going out of style and trying super hard to appear interested.

My flight left in less than two hours.

And. She. Just. Kept. Talking.

"And then I was like, screw you, I-" Angelica waved her hands in the air, yacking up a storm, sucking up time that I'd never ever get again, and moving her head back and forth like she couldn't decide which position was more comfortable to swallow me whole from.

Seriously. The chick made me feel extremely uncomfortable and I'd had some serious run ins with groupies.

"Look" - I held up my hands in front of me - "I know your manager wanted you to be seen with me for promo but, for real, I have to catch a plane."

Angelica turned bright red.

Huh, so the devil did get occasionally embarrassed. Well I'll be damned.

"But-"

"We can figure something out when I get back." I clutched my carryon in my hand and ushered her towards the lobby, gritting my teeth the entire way as a few photographers took pictures of us.

I smiled. Because well - I had to.

And Angelica went into crazy mode.

She launched herself at me, kissed my cheek, wiped off the lipstick and then curved her body against mine. Pretty sure I hated my life at that moment. I smiled so bright my face hurt. It was totally fake. You'd have to be an idiot to believe that I was anything but pissed in that moment.

When did I start to get sick of the press? I used to eat it up. Freaking loved the attention but now, it felt like every single picture they took was like getting punched in the gut.

"So" - Angelica flipped me towards her - "I'll see you when I get back."

Yeah and I was going to freaking go into hiding to make sure that she didn't follow through on that threat - yeah it was a threat not a promise.

I still had a few hours to make it to Portland, drive into Seaside and surprise my girl. I smiled at the thought, this time a real smile that I'm sure every single camera caught, and stepped into the waiting limo.

Angelica can go to hell for all I cared... I had Nat. What else did I need?

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

Alec

WAITING FOR NAT to ascend the stairs was pure hell. I knew she'd look beautiful - in fact I knew she'd probably make me want to punch my brother in the face, the same brother who texted me this morning and said he was flying in to surprise her.

Yeah, we would get exactly no practice time for that little concert he had planned, but I knew we could pull it off.

I pulled at my black tie for the fiftieth time that night. My ears perked up when I heard footsteps coming down the hall.

"Wow!" Evan applauded while I tried to find words that would do Nat's beauty justice. "You clean up well Nat."

She rolled her eyes, and then set those same brown eyes in my direction, waiting for me to say something - anything. I wasn't sure why my mouth wasn't working. She was wearing a cute little cocktail dress that made her legs look so long I couldn't stop staring. Her makeup was done to perfection. I mean, she was just so... pretty.

"Yes." My voice was hoarse. I looked away licking my lips, gaining courage from the silence, and grabbed her hand. "Okay, you got everything you need? Because we needed to be there like ten minutes ago."

Wow. So instead of compliments I just turn into a complete ass?

If Nat was hurt she didn't show it.

We piled into the car.

She wasn't smiling until she checked her phone. It was Demetri; it had to be.

She giggled then asked Evan to take a picture of her. I tried not to be jealous but that's the thing with jealousy - once you let it in, it's hard as hell to remove it completely from your body. It's like it plants seeds in every part of your soul until you're physically sick with it.

I'd basically allowed her to cheat on him, with me, and I was still flirting with the entire idea of screwing it all and just having her for myself.

I told myself I wouldn't make any more moves - if he messed up, she was fair game, until then. I stole another glance at her glossy lips and curled hair. Damn it. I'd wait years for her. Because nobody was perfect, right? At one point he was going to mess up, and I would be there to pick up the pieces.

We pulled up to the parking lot and immediately went to the door to start our patrol for homecoming committee. The only problem? I was usually the event people stood in line to see, so when they saw me guarding the door they wanted to touch, they wanted to flirt. I had two girls, TWO, offer sex in the bathroom stall. Right, because that was every rock star's fantasy. Sex in a high school bathroom? Really?

Finally, I couldn't take it anymore. I felt like a piece of meat and the door was getting more crowded by the second. I usually stayed far away from people at school so it made sense that they would suddenly think my ass was fair game.

"Hey" - Nat gave me a sympathetic look and walked up to Alesha - "Can we switch?" At least then I'd have a table to separate me from the loads of people who wanted to cop a feel.

"Sure, I'm almost done anyway." Alesha moved from the ticket table to the door and let us take our seats.

I thought tickets would be easy. You know, people hand you money, you stamp their hands, done. Except, my hands kept colliding with Nat's making the parts of my brain that should be on counting money - on kissing her. And that wasn't helping my situation at all. I clenched my jaw and thanked God when we sold the last ticket and were able to go into the dance. Luckily, Bob and Lloyd had agreed to help with security, which was good, all things considering. It wasn't every day a high school had a free AD2 performance.

"Do you want to dance?" Nat asked shyly once we walked into the gym.

She looked so cute. I couldn't turn her down. I grinned, and pulled her into my arms. Now dancing? I could do. I knew where my strengths were. I may have issues talking to her, I may have issues even touching her, but dancing was like music, I let it take me to another place.

Nat was having a hard time keeping up with me. Which I kind of loved, because it made her face all flustered and sexy.

She kept apologizing when she tripped on her feet. I rolled my eyes and laughed then pulled her flush against my body, rolling my hips against hers a bit to get her to follow the movement of the music. Instinct took over. She was a good dancer, as long as I led the way, and as long as I didn't let her go.

Last year one of our popular songs was remixed into this crazy tango beat that had dance clubs all over going crazy. Fans posted Youtube videos of choreography to the song, and I knew Nat had to know it. So I started with the first move, she followed with the second, the crowds had parted and it was just me and her on the dance floor. I loved it. I'm sure Demetri was watching from backstage laughing his ass off - but for right now, it was just me and her... Dancing at Homecoming. Funny how things can feel normal but actually be the exact opposite.

The chorus hit, I lifted Nat into the air then placed her leg around my hips and twirled until she dipped below me, her hair falling to the floor in a wave, I twisted her back around until she was on the floor and then went into the Tango, which surprisingly, she knew.

Mouth dry, I watched as Nat moved to the ground skimming her heeled foot between my legs and then kicking to the right and left, before twisting and then standing.

Holy shit. That was hot. As in, my mouth was still open and I was ready to kiss her right then and there.

Once she faced me again, I turned her around, moving my arms slowly down her shoulders and then across her stomach as I lifted her into the air and grabbed her legs so she was clinging backwards to my body, I twirled around the dance floor. People started clapping, and I probably looked insane. I hadn't danced like that in a long time.

The music died down. People clapped, and I put Nat back on wobbly feet "I think I may have a crush on this Alec," she joked out of breath.

"This Alec?" I asked; sweat trickled down the side of my face.

"The one who seduces girls on the dance floor and puts Justin Bieber to shame... hey, um, can I have your autograph?" She fluttered her eyelashes.

My mouth dropped open, I cursed, "You suck." I hated it when she brought that guy up. Way ta kill the moment, Nat.

She winked.

And I lost it.

We both threw back our heads and laughed. The music switched to a slow song; she rested her head on my chest. I couldn't help but sigh, and just enjoy the moment. Because I knew it would be over way too soon.

"Nat, I-"

The lights flickered. That was my cue.

I grinned. "I'll be right back."

I ran backstage and met up with Demetri. He was shaking his head at me, "Dude, did you have to show me up and go and dance like a freaking maniac?"

"Yup." I nodded.

He was still laughing. I almost asked him if he was on drugs because old Demetri would have been pissed that I was flirting with his girlfriend, instead, he looked... overjoyed.

It grated my nerves.

Because it made me think that maybe - things were going to be great between them, and I'd gone and ruined the one thing that had kept a smile on his face for longer than six hours.

"Sorry about that, folks. The dancing will recommence after this special performance," the principal announced loudly.

"You ready?" Demetri asked.

"Always." I nodded. "Let's do this."

A surge of adrenaline rocked through me as I made my way onto the stage.

"It is my pleasure to announce, AD2!"

The stage went dark.

And then lit up like a Christmas tree. Demetri moved to the middle.

"Nat," his voice rumbled in the microphone. "This one's for you."

I moved behind him with a guitar and stood in front of the microphone.

The tune Demetri had used to write the song was haunting, it started on sharp notes, slowly pulling the listener in with its eeriness.

"Torn Like Rain," I said into the microphone staring directly at Nat.

Brown eyes, blond hair, I can't help but stare. She's got me hypnotized. I need her, like oxygen, I can't explain the way she makes me feel inside. Like rain, washing my fears away, she makes me feel like I can say all those things I'm too scared to say.

Breathe in, breathe out, sometimes you just gotta shout your love. Shout your love. Inhale, exhale, the beauty of your love will always be enough. Enough.

Demetri sang the first verse and chorus. I was in charge of the bridge. My voice was different from his; it had a type of rasp to it where as Demetri sang so clear it was ridiculous. I didn't realize I was still staring at Nat until her eyes flickered from me to Demetri. His body tensed next to me, as if he saw the raw expression of hunger on my face.

I could never hide my emotions when I sang. That would be like trying to put a shield over the sun, eventually it burns through, singing everything in its path.

Demetri belted the chorus with a desperation I'd never heard him use before. Almost as if he was willing it to be true, willing her to love him forever, willing her to be his and not something he had to share - something he had to give up.

When the song ended the entire room exploded into clapping. I trembled with each clap. How would I ever say goodbye to this life? To the rush music gave me? I couldn't. And by the look on Demetri's face he couldn't either. We had to fix us - fix what was going on so we could do what we were born to do.

We walked together off stage.

"Don't tell me." Demetri's voice was raspy. "I don't want to know."

"Know what?" I asked with a dread-filled voice.

"Or maybe I do," he whispered. "Did you..." He swore. "Do you realize how much I hate having this conversation?"

"Demetri-"

"Did you sleep with her?" He sounded so calm, as if he didn't just ask me if I slept with his girlfriend.

"No," I whispered. "Besides, this is Nat we're talking about. I could be the most famous person on the planet... and she'd still see you."

"Yeah." Demetri sighed. "I know she sees me, man. I just wish that when she looked, you weren't the first one she looked at. Always number two, hmm?" He slapped me on the back, "I'm going to go dance with the prettiest girl in the room, see you later."

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

Demetri

THE HARDEST PART about loving someone? Not knowing if they love you in the same way. I mean how do you measure that type of thing? You can't. I couldn't measure it. All I knew was that every time I saw her, my heart leapt, it physically pushed against my chest. I mean, that wasn't normal right? And then I would get all nervous and I don't know, I just, I mean I just wanted to touch her. Was that weird? That I needed her touch so desperately that I'd forgo kissing, sex, anything just to have her skin pressed against mine? However brief it may be?

Nat was in the middle of the dance floor still staring at the stage.

"May I have this dance?" I whispered in her ear wrapping my arms around her body. Man that dress was beautiful. I wasn't one of those guys that usually go super tongue tied, but damn, my tongue? Tied. So tied it was ridiculous.

Nat surprised me by turning around in my arms and throwing herself against my chest. "Why didn't you tell me you were coming?"

"I wasn't sure I could." I held her, memorized her, and kissed her mouth softly. "I found out around noon that I could make it up here, but I've gotta fly back out in a few hours."

"You flew here for me?" She gulped.

I laughed and nuzzled her neck. "I would do anything for you. Don't you see that already?"

Immediately her eyes fluttered closed, and when she opened them, they weren't on me, but across the room at my brother. Well, that was as much of an answer as anything. They didn't' sleep together, but did he kiss her? Did he touch her? Would I blame him even if he did? Because no matter what I did with Nat, no matter how much of my heart I gave her, it still wasn't enough. Sucked, to know that I could give her my everything, and she'd still be starving for him - starving for Alec.

When she looked back at me, it wasn't with love, but hate, rejection. Shit. I knew that look; I basically created that same look.

My heart sank.

I didn't plan for it to happen.

To fall in love so fast and just assume she felt the same way.

Instead, she fell in like with me. And in love with my brother. Relationships were built on like, but love? With him in my life constantly? Eventually she would stray. I'd always look over my shoulder. I'd always wonder.

Was I selfish enough to push it? To push her until she broke?

She sighed heavily into my chest.

"Baby, what's wrong?" I laughed and kissed her forehead, trying to get her to relax.

Nat shrugged. "I just miss you, that's all."

"I miss you, too." I felt my body lighten up. Hope. There was still hope. Desire was evident in her eyes. My mouth descended, covering hers. Her kiss was so welcome, so open, so... inviting. That I had to wonder. Was she swaying? Was she finally realizing I would be everything for her?

Her tongue flicked mine, I groaned, my arms coming around her, and then I was lifting her off the floor, twirling her in circles, kissing her like my life depended on it.

"Can we go?" she asked when I pulled back.

"Are you sure?" I suddenly felt nervous. Why did we need to go? I mean she came with Alec. Not that I was against being alone with her, but being alone meant we'd be like... alone-alone.

"Yes." She bit her lower lip.

I sighed, mainly because I knew that it could go either way. Nat could give in to me - once and for all. Or finally prove to me, that she wasn't ever mine to begin with. But Alec's all along.

"Your carriage awaits." I tucked her arm in mine and led her outside.

"You look hot tonight, Nat." I gave her a seductive grin, one that hopefully made her realize that being alone with me probably wasn't the best idea she'd ever had - not in my current mood. Not when I wanted to take her. For myself.

"Where are we going?"

"Where do you want to go?"

Nat shrugged. "I just want to be with you."

My heart damn near leapt out of my chest and landed on the car - that's how happy that one sentence made me. I squeezed her hand and drove up to the beach house. It was dark.

When we walked in, I flipped on a few lights and threw my keys onto the table then swept Nat into my arms and murmured. "I heard you slept in my bed?" I continued walking her backwards up the stairs until she was against my door. With a wink, I opened it and led her in.

"It's possible." She grinned.

"Did you wear my clothes too?" I teased.

"Yup."

Damn, I groaned out loud. I didn't think she'd actually say 'yes' and now all I could concentrate on was hunting down those same clothes and putting her back into them again. "Ah, you are killing me, girl." My finger threaded through her hair. "You're so damn beautiful, Nat. And you don't even know it. You don't see what everyone else sees. This beautiful, bright girl - you're like the sun."

"The sun?" she repeated.

"I want to revolve around you." My voice shook. I'd never been so obsessed with a girl, so careless with the way I felt - she made me want to be careless.

I felt myself stumble a bit as I latched my mouth onto hers. Was I that much of a lightweight now? I'd had two shots before our performance. The first alcohol I'd had in weeks. Not that it was any of her business or Alec's. I was in complete control.

Except... I kind of liked it too much.

And then there was that whole situation with Angelica stuffing something in my pocket when I left for the airport.

The something just happened to be oxy, with a note that said, "More where that came from."

Um, it came from the devil so pretty sure it was laced with poison, but still. It was burning a hole through my pants. Swear the drug sang to me. It sang to me in times like this when everything was too much - when all I could feel was her. When I wanted to be numb, and dive back into that protective shield drugs gave me.

Slowly, I moved my hands to the back of her dress and found the zipper, tugging it downward. My tongue flicked her teeth and then plunged into her mouth, forcing her to either kiss me back with the same ferocity or pull away.

She kissed me back, curving her body into mine as she tried to match each kiss, each flick of my tongue, each placement of my hands as my fingers dug into her flesh.

Her kisses were strange. She'd kiss me like she wanted to have sex with me, then she'd all of a sudden freeze, and then kiss me again, and then freeze. Hell, my tongue and other parts of my anatomy were extremely confused and frustrated. Sexually frustrated.

"No." She pushed against my chest. I backed up and cursed as her expression turned guilty.

"Sorry, Nat. I didn't mean to get out of control." I didn't want her freaking out. If she wanted to wait we'd wait. I probably wasn't in the right mind for that sort of thing anyways. It just... naturally happened with me. "Nat, damn." I tugged the dress back up and set her back. I'm sorry, I'm just used to more. I'm sorry."

"Demetri, you're fine." She kissed me briefly on the cheek and pulled me into a hug. "It got out of hand, it's fine."

It wasn't fine.

She slept in my bed.

Wore my clothes.

Was alone at night with Alec.

Could I trust him? Did I trust her? Even when her mouth made me believe she wanted me - her eyes. Those same eyes that were staring right back at me? They were sad. Almost like she felt sorry for me.

I couldn't stop shaking if I tried. That was it. All this time I thought it was love - instead, she was giving me pity.

"What's wrong?"

"I just promised, that's all." I cleared my throat.

"You promised?"

I nodded. "Myself. I promised I wouldn't have sex with another girl unless I knew for sure."

"Knew what for sure?"

I swallowed and looked away. Hating that I was being such a bastard about it. "You like him."

"Him?" she repeated.

I rolled my eyes and softly pushed her away. "Nat, I'm not stupid. We've alluded to this conversation many times before. It's always the same. I feel like I'm fighting this invisible battle, and you make it that much worse when you pretend to be ignorant."

"Alec." She breathed his name like a kiss. The way she said his name - it was different then the way she said mine.

I couldn't look at her. "Has he kissed you?"

"Yes," she mumbled. "But, he told me he wasn't good for me, he pushed me away, we both decided we were better friends. It was a mistake."

I watched the waves roll across the shore. "I just don't get it. I don't understand why it always has to be like this."

"Like what?"

I shook my head. "I need to change, Nat. My flight leaves in an hour." I quickly peeled off my shirt, Nat gasped and reached for me.

"What?" I braced her shoulders. "Are you okay?"

"Your, um, your tattoo." Well crap. No way out of that one without telling the truth and I'd prefer to be high if I actually had to tell her. "What does it say?"

I exhaled and looked away. "My heart will be yours forever."

Her eyes filled with tears. "Just like Alec's."

Damn it! I'm not HIM! I wanted to scream. Why did it have to be like that? Why did she have to want him? I jerked her against my body until nothing separated us. "I'm nothing like Alec."

Nat tried to pull away, but I couldn't let her, she had to understand "Please, Nat. I'm not him, I'm not him." I closed my eyes and touched my forehead to hers, wanting to cry. Wanting to tell her the truth, begging her to love me even if the truth was ugly. "I was never him. She knew that, but it didn't matter. I just want to be me. Love me."

"Did I ask you to be him?" she said weakly.

I tilted her chin and brushed a soft kiss across her lips. "No, Baby. It's not what you said. This is all me, my shitty baggage. Got it?"

"Got it," she mumbled.

"You okay?" She rubbed a hand across my face then brought her lips to mine. It was my goodbye kiss. I pushed her against the wall and moved to unzip her dress again. Maybe, if I tried really hard, I could lose myself in her. Maybe just this once, she'd let me see all of her, she'd let me have the parts he hadn't taken yet, the parts he hadn't yet stolen. I pushed her harder and slid the dress off of her body within seconds. It pooled at her feet. Without moving my mouth from hers, I lifted her off the ground and wrapped her legs around my hips, grabbing her ass and making it impossible for her to leave me, impossible for her not to straddle me and see how much I wanted her.

I moaned as one of my hands moved to the delicate lace of her bra, pushing harder against her body so that I could keep us fused together. Her skin felt hot - and me? I was cold. Everywhere felt cold.

"Demetri" - she panted tensing beneath me - "What's wrong? Remember, slow?" My tongue swirled down the side of her neck, grasping at anything she'd throw at me. "Demetri," she repeated. Ignoring her, my hands moved lower, dipping into her underwear.

"No!" she shouted. The abruptness of her pushing against my chest almost sent her ass sailing to the ground. So that was it. My answer. She'd give him her heart - her body - her everything.

And again. I'd be left with nothing.

"You need to go, Nat." I kept my back turned to her.

"What the heck was that?" she yelled.

"Nothing."

"Demetri." She walked up behind me and wrapped her arms around my stomach. "Talk to me."

"I just wanted you first." Honest truth. I wanted to be the guy who made her smile, who made her laugh, who held her when she cried. Instead, I got nothing. Story of my life.

I turned and glared at Nat. She blinked those hellishly long lashes, "First?"

"Before everything happens." My muscles were so tense I was convinced I was going to have a seizure or something.

"What are you talking about? Are you high? On drugs? Before what happens?"

I was exploding. From the inside out. My shoulders collapsed, unable to hold my body straight anymore, and I was in pain, not just emotional pain but physical pain. Pain so severe that I couldn't stop myself from wincing. It came from every direction. The car crash, the drugs, my brother, my ex-girlfriend, the son he lost, the life I lived, the rejection. Over and over again it hit me like the waves of that damn tide outside. Without realizing it, I had reached into my pocket and lifted a pill to my lips.

I took it.

I took it and prayed it would work, and a part of me? Prayed it wouldn't, so that I would have an excuse to do it again.

"I'll always love you," I whispered.

"Demetri, I love you." Funny, I hadn't realized until this day that there were different types of love. Sucked that the one she felt for me didn't hold a candle to the way she felt about him. What sucked even more? I knew every dirty secret. I may have an issue with drugs - but at least I didn't kill anyone, at least I didn't steal from my little brother - yeah, she was choosing the brother who was the villain, she just didn't know it yet.

"I know." I smiled sadly and exhaled. "I'll see you in another week or so, okay?"

"Okay." She shivered, went and put on her dress

"I'll miss you," I croaked. She nodded and caught the fact that I'd just thrown another pill in my mouth.

"What are you taking?"

"Pain killers" - I rolled my eyes - "Because I'm in pain, Nat."

I threw the pills onto the bed, not caring that she saw them, not caring that she would probably tell Alec and grabbed my bag.

"Gotta go, Nat." I opened my mouth, to apologize, to tell her I loved her, to tell her I needed her more than she realized, instead, her eyes darted behind her as the door slammed shut. Alec was home. Well fancy that. "I'll text you."

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

Alec

I'D BEEN TEXTING Demetri all day. He left for the airport without saying anything other than 'thanks' and that he'd see me in another week or so.

Just like that, he left.

On Sunday I texted him so much that my battery died, finally he responded.

Demetri: Have you been on TV?

Me: On TV?

Demetri: Nevermind. Has Nat seen TV?

Me: We don't live together. Why don't you text your girlfriend and ask?

Demetri: Hah, you made a joke. So Angelica Greene...

I almost choked. I did not like that girl. Hell, I hated that girl. If there was one girl I could actually say that about it was her - after all, she had the power to ruin my life. She was the last person Demetri needed to be mixed up with.

Me: Yeah?

Demetri: You ever talk to her?

Me: No. I don't negotiate with terrorists.

Demetri: Pictures of us together.

Me: Bad?

Demetri: Define bad...

Me: Breakup bad?

Demetri: Is that what you want? For them to be so bad that Nat and I are no more?

Me: Of course not.

Demetri: Whatever. They're terrible. Now you can have Nat, maybe by the time I come back you'll be married with another kid on the way. Wouldn't that be nice? After all, you deserve it. You deserve her.

Me: WTF?!

Demetri: I gotta go.

He didn't answer my texts the rest of the night. When I flipped on the TV it was to see Angelica leaving Demetri's hotel room. Well great.

A loud knocking on the door interrupted my irritation. Shit. It was either Nat or a serial killer.

Was it wrong to hope for a serial killer, maybe an Ax?

I couldn't deal with her. Not now. Not when I was worried sick about my brother having a drug overdose or finding out my dirty little secrets with Angelica. Hell, my life was messed up, spinning out of control.

I jerked open the door. "What?"

"What the heck is his problem?" Nat roared, stomping into the house like a woman on the edge.

"Good evening to you too," I muttered behind her. Was it too much to ask for her to have not seen the ONE glimpse of Demetri with Angelica?

"First he's all trying to take advantage of me at your house, then spouting nonsense about you and me, and then..." Her voice rose to hysterical proportions. "He said that he wanted to be first. Of course, that was after his second attempt at getting me out of my dress and into his bed, and then he wouldn't let me go, and then he got all weird and I saw pills and freaked. It was like he was saying goodbye. More like, Sorry Nat, but I'm gonna go screw some movie star instead!" Her eyes brimmed with tears. While I was still trying to figure out what the hell to do. Pills. Bed. Sex. Shit! "I've been heart-broken for almost forty-eight hours thinking I've done something tragic to him and he's, he's-"

"Nat," I interrupted, my voice severe. "Stop."

"No!" She whipped around and charged toward me, poking me in the chest. "You don't get to tell me what to do! You rejected me! Twice - wait, three times!"

I rolled my eyes. "Listen, Nat. As much as I'd love to sit here and listen to you complain about my brother's shitty decisions and lack of love for you, I'd rather not. Everything he's done has been for you, and you repay him by coming over here and talking shit? Really?" Yeah I was so calling the kettle black but whatever. She was making out Demetri to be the monster when we both knew who currently held that title.

"How is him cheating on me doing me a favor? Because I'm dying to know. This ought to be good." She crossed her arms and sniffed.

"It's complicated."

Her head snapped up. "Of course it is. It's always complicated with you two, and you never tell me why! I don't know why you're here, I don't know why you chose my mom out of all people to see, and I don't know why you have the same stupid tattoo!"

"Get out," I snapped, pulling at her arm. She could say whatever she wanted about me, but not about the tattoo, not about shit she didn't know about, not even about Demetri. We brought her into our lives and all we did was invite more drama. So even though it hurt like hell to kick her out of my house, maybe it was better for everyone if we both cooled off.

"I didn't mean it was stupid, just that-"

"Out." I gently pushed her out the door. "Nat, go home. We should never have involved you in the first place."

"What are you saying?" Her lower lip quivered.

"I'm saying goodbye."

"You're shutting me out," she said numbly, her face going pale

I closed my eyes and whispered, "Family comes first."

"And I'm not family."

Silence.

"Right." She choked back a sob and ran away from me, breaking my heart with each step. I wanted to chase after her, to apologize, but again, I was paralyzed in place. My desire to love her, to care for her, to be with her, it was never going to trump my desire to be the brother Demetri deserved. If he slid back into old habits, I needed to know. Nat didn't understand. How did someone who'd never done drugs understand the pull they had on you? You don't even realize you're sunk until it's too late. The most dangerous time to relapse is right after rehab, your body's clean but you still take the same dosages before, it's how people die!

I quickly dialed the number to another one of my body guards and of course our manager. I needed them to send someone over to Demetri's hotel room... immediately. I couldn't fly there in time.

An hour later - and I knew for a fact that Demetri had been passed out in his hotel room - sleeping. Big shock there. But had been sharing a few drinks with Angelica.

Did he sleep with her? Would he be that stupid?

I spent the rest of the night tossing and turning. Regretting every single thing that had flown out of my mouth when I'd talked with Nat. Fear had a way of making me overreact. And I owed her an apology. Which was why I was going to attach myself to her person all day Monday at school. People were going to be ruthless, especially considering they knew Demetri and Nat were together.

So it was up to me to make sure she had a good day at school. I may not be the man she deserved; I may never be that man. But I had today. And today I could protect her. Today I could do everything within my power to make her smile.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

Demetri

IT WAS OVER.

We were so over.

I scrolled through the texts that Nat had sent me. She said Alec made her eat soggy fries - sounded like him. Swear the guy was obsessed with people eating. Actually, it had more to do with his insane need to control everything within his grasp.

My hotel room was dark. I was supposed to be returning back to Seaside in less than twenty-four hours. But I didn't want to go.

Because Nat was there and I didn't know how to face her. You know that feeling - where you have so much going on, you're so overwhelmed that you don't even know where to start? I had so much shit going on in my head that it was overwhelming to even breathe - let alone try to explain to Nat why I did the things I did.

Like kissing another girl when I hadn't even really broken things off with Nat.

In my mind it made sense. If she saw me for who everyone else saw me as... it would be easier for her. In the end that's what I wanted. I wanted the choice to be easier because right now it was hard as hell. Her hesitation was because of my weakness, which just made me hate myself that much more. I think... I think deep down, I hope that, even if she sees me acting like a complete jackass, she'll still want me, she'll still want to save me.

And even if she rejects me, once she knows what Alec did.

I'll be the broken bird she wants to put in a box and nurse back to health. Wasn't that how things worked?

I ran my fingers through my hair, my legs shaking as I tapped my feet against the carpeted floor.

If I stayed in my hotel room I was going to go insane.

Yet, going out meant meeting up with old friends and drinking. Drinking always led to getting high, and then doing something else that was stupid, and for once I needed that clear head. Especially if I was going to go back to Seaside and ask her for forgiveness.

If she saw the kiss... I'd ask for forgiveness.

If she saw nothing... then I wasn't sure what I'd do... but I'd do anything to get her to see that I needed her just as much as Alec did.

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

Alec

I WAS LIKE Nat's shadow. Even when she didn't realize it - I was watching her. Right, that sounded way better in my head then out loud. Out loud, it sounded a hell of a lot like a restraining order just waiting to happen.

Worry was my constant companion. I was worried about Demetri and worried about Nat and to top it all off I was worried about me - worried my secret was already out.

Funny, because up until now I always thought I was really good at keeping my shit on lockdown.

Nat had been at my house every night that week - I kept making up excuses to see her... what if she got sick again? What if she fell? What if a giant shark emerged from the ocean, belly crawled up the beach, and freaking laid in wait in her giant ass bed?

Yeah, sounded like something Demetri would say.

I missed my brother.

He was coming back in a day - so that meant I had one more day where I hung out with Nat and didn't maul her - or kiss her - or yell at her.

Speaking of yelling at her.

Where the hell was she? We were supposed to hang out. I ran over to her house and knocked on the door. No answer.

I called her cell.

And no answer.

Which really made me worry because Nat KNEW how I fell about answering phones. It was number one on a very long list of pet peeves.

Irritated, I started walking down the prom thinking she may have gone for a late run. When I looked to my left, I saw two legs sticking out from underneath a very sexy, and familiar body.

There was Nat, laying in the sand, eyes closed, looking all kinds of peaceful.

While I was having a heart attack.

When my blood pressure decided to finally return to a normal number - allowing me to adequately walk in her direction without shaking her to death - I made my way across the sand.

The mist from the ocean combined with the bite in the air should have woken her up. Nat's teeth chattered as she tugged her sweatshirt tighter.

I nudged her with my foot. "So are you suicidal or merely stupid?" Yeah I could have said that way better...

Nat yawned, "Hello to you too, friend."

"I didn't know where you were." I huffed, licking my lips to keep me distracted from physically shaking her where she sat.

"Well you found me."

"I swear you're aging me, Nat." I grumbled taking a seat down next to her.

"Sorry?"

Not much of an apology but I'll take it." I moved my hands to her shoulders and pulled her close to me to keep her warm, then slowly started massaging her arms, moving up her neck, and down again.

After a few minutes Nat tensed, "Alec?"

"Hmm?"

"Do you trust me yet?"

Trusting her meant telling her - so I guess that was my answer. It's not like I wanted to keep secrets from her, but telling her anything should be something I first discussed with Demetri, just like I needed to discuss with him about Nat in general and my feelings.

Sighing I answered, "Getting there, Nat. Getting there."

"Okay."

"So," I changed the subject, "Do you have plans tonight?" Technically every night was with me, but I still felt the need to ask her to come over, not assume she wanted to be with me.

Nat laughed. "You mean besides my failed suicide attempt."

My hands stilled. "Yes, besides that."

"Nope."

"Okay." I helped her to her feet then dusted the sand off my jeans. "Let's go watch a movie."

We walked arm in arm back to the house. Once we were inside, Nat made quick work with the popcorn while I filled some glasses with crushed ice and soda. Funny, how we didn't even really need to talk to one another. We just knew, that was the drill, popcorn, soda, movie, done.

I grabbed Twilight and winced. Demetri would have me by the balls if he knew I was actually watching that shit. But I knew Nat would love it. And I wasn't planning on watching the movie as much as I was planning on watching her.

See? And there go the stalker tendencies again.

"Twilight?" Nat laughed, "Really?"

"I'm hoping it will earn me points." I grinned, pressing Play and moving towards the couch.

"For being an ass half the time?" she asked in a syrupy sweet voice.

"Of course not." I smirked. "For being an ass three quarters of the time."

"Aw you're sweet."

"Agreed." I winked and put my arm around her, tucking her body into mine. It was the usual way we sat... it didn't have to mean anything. Friends could... cuddle. Hell was that what I was doing with her?

Then again she had been chilled to the bone when I found her.

Near death.

Hardly breathing.

Turning blue.

I mean, first aid demands that in order to restore body heat you needed to strip and -

The movie flashed on.

Yeah, maybe Twilight was good. At least the ridiculousness of it would distract me from kissing her.

Two hours later, and I realized something, really, really unfortunate. The whole love triangle thing? Not so fun to watch when you're actually living it. Shit. I swear beads of sweat were trickling down my face during a few of those scenes, each one of them saturated in guilt.

"Probably a poor choice considering..." My voice trailed off.

Nat nodded mutely.

"But I'm curious." I turned down the TV and twisted my body to face her. "Would I be more of a Jacob or an Edward?"

Nat's eyes watered with amusement as she covered her mouth and laughed.

"Forget it." I cursed and tried to get up so she wouldn't see that my face was probably red.

"I'm sorry, no, stay!" She laughed and tugged me down next to her. "You have to understand that guys don't just go walking around asking things like that."

"I know." I clenched my jaw.

Nat let out a little gasp.

My eyes narrowed. "What?"

Red tinged her cheeks, "You're kind of both."

"As in a hybrid?" I asked, feeling cocky as hell. Did she say what I think she just said? That I was the best of both worlds?

My grin grew the more I thought about it.

"Yes, Alec. A hybrid, you're like a vampwolf." She burst out laughing and turned away like she was trying to escape. I pounced on her, tackling her against the couch so we were chest to chest.

"Is my man card gone now?" My lips almost grazed hers.

Nat's eyes followed the line of my jaw before returning my gaze. "No." She reached up and trailed her hand down my arm

I shuddered, unable to keep it locked in anymore. Her touch did not make me want to be in control. It made me want to lose it. "Damn it." I snapped, my mouth was on hers within seconds. Damn, she tasted the same. I'd missed that taste, dreamt about it, wanted it so bad that even food wasn't the same. Nat groaned as my body pressed harder against her, covering her, suffocating her with my presence, she gripped chaotically at my back, her fingers digging into my shirt. I broke the kiss off, turning my head to the right, so I could taste her neck. Nat wanted none of that; she wanted my mouth. On her. She said as much when she grabbed my head and forced my lips against hers so hard that a jolt of pain shot through me. Yeah, my control was shot to hell. I wedge my leg between her thighs and reached for her hips, grinding her against me. She let out a little gasp.

Everything about that moment was frantic, Nat reached for my shirt, meeting my hands as I was already trying to take it off. It flew to the floor. Her eyes went wide as she moved her hands across my chest.

"Nat, you drive me crazy." I hissed when those same hands moved to my jeans, pulling me harder against her.

"Good crazy?" she asked breathlessly, her chest heaving.

I leaned over, my forehead touching hers, then tilted her chin towards me kissing the corner of her mouth, and then sealing the kiss with my tongue, "Crazy, crazy."

"Oh."

"Yeah, oh." I laughed against her neck then began sucking below her ear before returning to her lips. She reached for the buttons of my jeans, but I stopped her. Probably because I was an idiot, but even in that moment I knew I wouldn't allow that innocent of a girl to lose her virginity on a couch.

She tried again. Damn, was she trying to kill me? I slapped away her hands playfully, and then pinned them to her side.

"Seriously?" She sounded as sexually frustrated as I felt.

I laughed and nuzzled her neck "I'm not that kind of guy." Then again, pinning her down was kind of hot - I could definitely be that guy, the one that tied her up and tortured her until she was panting my name with reverence.

Sighing, she tilted her head, giving me perfect access to her neck. "Right now, I kind of wish you were."

My hands stilled, blood pounded in all the wrong places, "You can't say things like that to me, Nat. Not when we're like this, because I want nothing more than to take you on this couch and very aggressively, very slowly, very purposefully, have my way with you."

"Okay."

"Nat," I warned, my arms flexing so painfully hard that I wasn't sure if I was causing physical damage to the upholstery.

Her eyes raked me over like she was imagining me without clothes. I loved it so much that I almost stripped for her right there. Her eyes were dilated, hair mussed, she was so aroused she couldn't think straight - which meant I had to be the voice of reason. Oh joy.

"I know what you're thinking," I said. Maybe if I talked I wouldn't be thinking about letting her unbutton my jeans.

"No, you don't."

"But I do." I kissed her lips, softly tugging on the bottom one, then biting down causing pain I knew she'd find pleasurable. "You think it would be worth it, but I promise you, that's not the case."

"Why?"

"Because you don't know what kind of guy I am." And things just got serious.

"But I do!" she whined.

I couldn't look at her, if I looked at her she'd see the guilt, the pain, she'd see it all. "Nat, you don't."

"Then tell me, and let me make my choice."

"What if by telling you, I lose you?"

"Do you really think I'm that kind of person?"

"Yes and no." I wrapped my hands around her head. I was done talking. I pressed my mouth against hers, deepening the kiss, my tongue swirled around hers mimicking what I would do if I could... what I would do if I was free.

She pressed a palm flat against my chest and then the fight, the fun cat and mouse game we'd had going? Totally left her. It was as if she was me letting in despite my warnings. It was something my soul needed, something my body craved. With a growl I lifted her into the air so that I could press myself against her, so I could do what I'd been wanting to do for weeks. It was one of those moments that if she reached for me again. I'd let her. I wouldn't stop her. Because I'd told her I was bad news - and she still wanted to kiss me. My hands moved beneath her shirt.

I would have pressed her further.

But I didn't have the chance. Because Demetri chose that exact moment to come home.

He tapped my shoulder.

I turned around and swore. Out of anger and disappointment in myself I said, "Second again, brother. Don't you have a little starlet to go screw?"

Nat's hand hit my cheek so hard my teeth hurt.

Tears streamed down Nat's face as I held her against the couch. She couldn't leave, I didn't mean it; she had to know. What the hell was wrong with me!

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

Demetri

"I CAME HOME early to see Nat." My first lie.

Tears streamed down that gorgeous girl's face. I was the cause of them, me and my ass hole of a brother.

Alec and I stared at one another. Neither of us willing to say anything. I liked watching Alec struggle, but only as much as I liked stabbing myself in the foot, after all we were brothers, no matter what, when he hurt I hurt.

"I lost my phone," I said glancing at Nat. "Some Hollywood starlet was irritated that a nobody was texting me." The second lie fell easier from my lips. I hadn't lost my phone. Nor was it broken. It was in my damn back pocket where it had been for the past week, receiving her texts but not sending any out.

I was stuck.

In limbo.

I felt like Nat was a lifeline - but the type of lifeline that if I took her, if I allowed her to help me, I would never really escape the drowning - just prolong the inevitable. That didn't make letting my brother have her any easier.

I shouldn't have lied, but I hated seeing her sad.

I didn't want her to think I was ignoring her... I didn't want her to know how weak I was, that I was so freaking weak that I did nothing but scroll through those text messages until I fell asleep with my phone in my hands.

They kept me from taking more drugs when I wanted them. They kept me from jumping from that hotel building. They kept me from sleeping with random chicks. But it couldn't always be Nat. It couldn't always be Alec.

Damn. I was just - lost and making everything worse.

With a cry Nat beat her hands against Alec's chest, shoving him against the wall and then ran out of the house. He cursed and chased after her.

The screen door slammed behind him.

I went over to the window and looked out. His hands were flying all over the place, Nat pushed him again, and then she cried harder.

Every part of my body screamed for me to go after both of them, to apologize until my voice was hoarse.

But... I was Demetri Daniels. Action was never my thing... no I hid. I took drugs and I hid. So when Alec reached over and cupped her face -

I slipped a pill in my mouth, crushing it between my teeth and letting the bitterness of it cleanse me.

They'd figure it out.

He'd tell her the truth.

And she'd tell us to go to hell.

I sat on the couch and turned on the TV. Alec's footsteps neared behind me, and then something smacked me in the head.

"What the hell?" I jumped to my feet. "Did you just hit me?"

"Yes!" Alec roared. "You cheated then you lied about it, you deserve to be strangled!"

"I didn't cheat," I grumbled, "It was for the cameras, you know as much as I do what the media does."

Alec relaxed a bit. "And your phone?"

I pulled it out. "Surprise."

He was quiet for a few minutes then said, "I just don't get you. Why make it so hard on yourself? You do realize you're your own worst enemy right? You could be with the girl you love, kissing her, holding her hand, but instead you let her believe the worst? Why, Demetri? Why?"

I licked my lips and looked back at the TV. "Because I don't deserve her man."

Alec sat next to me on the couch. "And you think I do?"

"I know you don't." I sighed.

"Demetri..."

"I'm messed up..." I wrung my hands together. "I need... something. I need help or something. I don't know. I'm just... Alec, I'm not well."

My brother's eyes went hard as he glanced at my face, his eyes focusing in on my pupils. They were probably so small he was having a hard time finding them. "You're high."

"Yeah."

"All week?"

"Here and there." I sighed. "I think" - I shrugged again - "I think I'm going to leave you here, with her, you guys can go be happy do your thing, whatever. I just... I don't know. I need to fix me and I can't do that when I'm constantly trying to be you."

"Demetri-"

"Stop." I choked on the word. "It's true. I've looked up to you my whole life and then when everything happened last year you just... got better and you left me. All of a sudden you weren't partying, you weren't using, you weren't doing anything that you used to say was totally fine. You abandoned me."

Alec's eyes narrowed. "So you're pissed I don't do drugs with you? Is that what this is about?"

"No." I stood and started pacing in front of him. "I'm pissed you introduced me to them in the first place. I'm pissed that while you've made a mess of my life and yours - that in the end you still get the girl. I'm angry as hell that I still crave pills, I still crave pot, and you're happy as a clam. I'm pissed because you left me in the pit of hell and I have no way of getting out."

"Demetri..."

"I gotta run. I may stay at a hotel tonight or something, whatever, I'll have my cell."

I ran out of the house and got into my car, then slammed my hands against the wheel until the pain was so fierce that I wanted to cry.

The problem.

I was still in the dark.

And Alec deserved to be there with me - instead, the sun was shining on his face, and God had gifted him with an angel.

Life wasn't fair.

And suddenly I wanted to drive off a cliff.

CHAPTER THIRTY

Alec

I WAS OFFICIALLY breaking the law. I climbed into Nat's window and stumbled a bit before catching my balance. Everything was blanketed in black. Making it from the window to her bed was like trying to walk through a mine field. Clothes were everywhere and I could have sworn I just stepped on a stuffed bear that talked, though I couldn't be sure because its battery was clearly dying, meaning it just made a really creepy hoarse noise that I'm sure will come back to haunt me one day when I'm alone in my house.

Note to self, hide bear in Demetri's room.

If he ever comes back.

Emotion clogged my throat. He was right about way too many things. How was it fair that I came out smelling like roses and he was stuck?

I just, I didn't know how to unstick him.

With a muffled curse, I finally sat on Nat's bed. She didn't say anything; she barely even stirred. I wrapped my arms around her and lay down.

My eyes were so heavy with sleep that I didn't even realize I'd fallen asleep until the sun started piercing through the window.

Nat moaned next to me.

I kissed her cheek, then her mouth, then her eyes.

"Hey," I mumbled.

"Hey yourself." She blinked her eyes a few times as if trying to focus. I smiled at her confusion... and inability to fully wake up.

After a few minutes of silence I cleared my throat. "He's sorry."

"I don't care if he's sorry. Sorry means he realizes what he did was wrong. Sorry means he wasn't lying to me the entire time we were together. How the hell can you defend him?"

I cursed. "He's my brother. It's my job to protect him. Even if it's from himself. You don't understand. It's complicated."

"And me? What about me?" She tried to wriggle away from me, but my arms braced her shoulders as I leaned down and kissed her forehead.

"I'm pretty sure my only job from here on out is to show you how much I love you." I hadn't meant to say that out loud, but... keeping it in? Was damn near impossible. Especially with the hurt in her eyes.

"Alec?" Her voice cracked. "Was he lying the whole time?"

I jerked back the covers and got underneath them, pulling Nat's warm body into mine. "No, Nat. He really did care about you. I think in his own twisted way he thought he was doing us a favor."

"By being a bastard?"

"Come on, take his age into account, he's immature."

"He's a year younger than you," She pointed out. "Besides, how is him being a complete ass helping anyone?"

"It's com-"

"I swear if you say it's complicated one more time I'm going to throw you out the window."

I laughed and nuzzled her neck, "I'd like to see you try."

"You doubt me?"

My tongue slipped past my lips drawing circles down her neck. "Absolutely."

A little moan escaped her lips and then a hiss of air.

I pulled her body against mine then dipped my hands behind her head pulling it so she was resting on my shoulder staring directly at my lips.

"Now what?" she whispered, her eyes focused on my lips and then my jaw.

"I have my way with you?" Too much honesty.

She rolled her eyes and pushed away enough to look up at my face. "You're so romantic. Really, you take my breath away. I almost swooned just now. Good thing I'm lying down."

Brat. I chuckled and brought her hand to my lips kissing it softly. "Fine, I won't have my way with you yet... but" - I laced my fingers in between hers - "I'd really like to take you out on a date."

Nat's eyes went really wide. "People are going to say I'm a whore."

"Don't." I tightened my grip on her hand pulling her closer to me. "This is my fault, not yours. I should have stayed away from you."

"I'm glad you didn't."

Damn. Hearing those words. It was like... a peace suddenly blanketed itself over me.

We stayed like that for what felt like an eternity, both of us searching the other's eyes, willing the other person to say something, to confess that it'd been like this since our first meeting.

With Nat it wasn't just a coincidence, right place, right time. It wasn't just about a stupid pen, or her tripping her way down the hall. It was the pull, the magnetic attraction I felt for her the minute I set eyes on her. My physical response was strong - but the response of my heart? Never before had I felt like someone had the power to reach into my chest, pull out my heart, and hold it. Nat had the power to do that. She had the power to give me life or death. I'd never given another person that type of control over me; I wasn't the type of guy to ever relinquish control. But with her? I felt safe, like for the first time in my existence, someone really saw me.

"Stupid pen," Nat grumbled.

"Huh?" I shook my head.

She giggled. "Never mind. So..." She played with the hair on the back of my head, twisting it between her fingers. "About this date." Holy shit. She had magic hands! I seriously had to tell myself not to moan out loud lest I freak her out.

"I'll do anything. Just don't stop." I rested my head against her chest. A groan escaped my lips before I could stop it. Holy Hell. No wait. Heaven. Holy Heaven?

"Our date?" she reminded me. Her hands stilling, damn it! I almost growled again.

"Uh-huh." My hands wrapped around her body hugging her close to me. She must have gotten the hint because she kept rubbing my head. "I think I may like this better than sex."

She froze.

Whoops. Over share. High five Alec you just scared the shit out of an innocent virgin.

"Damn, did I say that out loud?" I tensed above her. Nat burst out laughing.

Good at least she thought I was kidding - I wasn't. So clearly I'd been having some really bad sex. Then again, memory was fuzzy it had been over a year.

"At least I know what I need to do to get you to confess to me all your dirty little secrets," she joked.

"That's bribery and manipulation, a federal offense..." My words trailed off, feeling heavy in my mouth as I moaned against her.

"You were saying," she whispered wrapping her hands around my shoulders then digging into my neck. Shit, did she do like hand workouts or something? She was freakishly strong and hit every nerve, every... my body shook. Never. I was never letting her go.

"Marry me."

"No."

"Why?"

"Because you only asked so you'd have a personal masseuse."

"I have other reasons."

"I'm sure you do."

"Fine, but I'm asking again tomorrow," I grumbled turning my ear so that my head was resting against her chest again. Not only had I freaked her out by talking about sex, but I just proposed to someone still in high school. Seriously, I was just racking up those points.

Nat shivered beneath me.

"You cold?"

She shivered again. "Nope."

"Nat."

"Hmm?"

"I love you."

And there went number three. I mean things always happened in threes right? I needed to tell her. Instead of making it romantic, I blurted it out, almost shouting at her.

I waited, holding my breath, every muscle in my body tense as Nat went so still beneath me I thought I'd possibly suffocated her.

Three breaths later, she said...

"I love you, too."

Four words.

That changed my life forever.

CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE

Demetri

I DIDN'T SLEEP all night.

Instead, I chose to stare at my ceiling.

And think.

I thought about Alec, I thought about Nat, I thought about school, about touring.

And I came to no conclusions. Nothing. I was still on a merry go round and I still had no answers. If I got myself into this mess wasn't I supposed to be able to pull myself out of it? How do people suddenly just get better?

I mean I'd seen stuff on TV where people say they just stopped being depressed or chose not to be anxious but that wasn't realistic! I still felt - off. And the more off I felt, the more I wanted pills to at least give me a fake sense of calm.

My entire stomach was in knots by the time we were supposed to leave for school.

I popped two pills.

And made my way out the door to the SUV. Nat was already in her seat waiting.

"Hey Nat," I called, getting into the car. Alec followed behind me. The air was so freaking tense I would have cracked a joke had I not been so hurt.

"Hey, Demetri." Nat's voice quivered.

"Listen-" I turned around while Alec drove the car out of the driveway. "I'm sorry."

"Huh?" Her jaw dropped. Really? I apologize and she's surprised? Was I that big of an ass?

I shrugged it off. "I'm sorry I lied." I turned back around, the awkward silence getting worse by the minute. But what the hell else could I say? I'm sorry I fell in love with you? I'm sorry I want you so bad it hurts? I'm sorry you love my brother more? Or how about this. I'm sorry I'm so messed up that if you asked me to stop doing drugs right this minute - for you. I wouldn't be able to do it. Yeah, maybe that was it. I was sorry - for every damn thing.

Suffocation by awkwardness was seriously taking place in that SUV - by the time Alec parked, I was ready to jump out the tiny ass window and face plant onto a seagull.

I jerked open the car door and made my way across the parking lot. Ah yes, and this was always my favorite part.

The stares.

You know what sucks about being famous?

Everyone wants to be your friend, everyone wants to freaking be you, they want your life, they want your secrets, they want your damn soul - until you mess up.

The minute you do something shitty - they hate you, they loathe you, they think they have some sort of right to talk about you as if you aren't a real person. So yeah, it sucked that people were whispering about me cheating on Nat, but what sucked more? Was the fact that they felt they had a right to even talk about it right in front of me. Was I not a human? Did I not bleed? Were my feelings any less important than someone else's?

That's what mere mortals didn't understand about celebrities... we aren't different. We still wear pants. I still shit my pants in the first grade. I still get the flu, I still get rejected, I still eat cereal and drink milk. But none of that matters, because once you fall from the pedestal, you're fair game.

So you may as well make the fall fun - on the way down.

By the time lunch rolled around, people were in a frenzy that I hadn't sat next to Alec and Nat, like I was pissed or something.

I wasn't pissed I was giving them space for shit's sake!

Alec didn't deserve it; neither did Nat. So in a stroke of brilliance, I grabbed a chick sitting next to me and licked her face.

Hey, I never claimed to be Einstein.

My licking, however, worked. All the attention that was once on Alec and Nat was now on me.

Swear, I could feel Alec staring a hole through my head, but it didn't matter. I was fixing it in the only way I knew how.

Be a whore.

Act the part.

Show them they didn't hurt me.

Show them I made my own freaking rules.

After a few minutes, Bob grabbed me by the shoulders and jerked the girl away from me. She cursed, almost falling to her ass. I stood to my feet and glared across the lunchroom at Alec. He was pissed. No he was full on raging, hulk style. As in he would kick my ass if we didn't have an audience. Whatever. He made me what I am. I learned from the best. I was distracting them from his drama; he should thank me. Instead, he was judging me, he was disgusted with me and that hurt more than anything. It hurt because even when I was helping, I was still somehow messing up.

Another girl was in my path. I grabbed her by the arm and kissed her on the mouth too. Hell, I was already in trouble may as well just embrace it.

Bob grabbed my arm and led me forcefully out of the cafeteria.

I laughed it off.

Bob grunted. "You good?"

"Fantastic." I smirked. "I feel awesome. Why?"

Bob's eyes narrowed. "Straight and narrow, Demetri."

"Why?" I snorted. "When the curves are so damn fun? Especially when you go fast."

I walked across the parking lot to Alec's SUV and grabbed the flask I'd hidden there weeks ago when we'd first gotten to Seaside.

It wouldn't take much to make embarrassment go away, the rejection, the pain; after all I was already on pills. Alcohol just intensified the effect.

Another five swallows.

I threw the flask onto the ground then kicked it.

When the alcohol didn't make me feel the way it was supposed to. I went in search of the flask, picked it up, and then sat like a loser in the SUV, waiting for the stupid day to be over.

Three hours later.

Two more pills.

The alcohol gone.

And the bell finally rang.

Suddenly, mad as hell, I jumped out of the car and made my way back to the front of the school, swear the cars weren't even parked, they were all aimed for me, trying to kill me. My vision blurred as the brick walls came into focus, and then blonde hair.

"Nat!"

She didn't hear me.

One more taste.

Just so she knew what she was giving up. It was a great idea, right? Then again I was drunk, a bit high. I said her name again, then grabbed her by the shoulders and pushed her against the brick wall, kissing her. "Nat, I didn't mean it."

I seriously couldn't feel my legs.

"Demetri, stop, you're drunk." Frantic, her eyes widened as if I scared her. Me? What the hell!

"I'm not that drunk." I swayed on my feet. "I just need to talk to you I just want to tell you why!"

She patted my arm like I was a kid. "Okay, why?"

"I love you." I blurted. My brain was telling my mouth to stop moving, but my heart hurt so bad I had no choice. "I love you so much and I know you love him! I know you do! I saw you two, the way you looked at each other! I didn't want to be second." All my life I'd been second. All my damn life.

"Listen, Demetri. You really need to get your crap together. I'm sorry we didn't work out. I'm also sorry that you didn't have the balls to say it to my face before you stormed out and hooked up with the first girl in L.A. you could find."

"We didn't." I looked down and shoved my hands in my pockets, though it took me like twenty tries. "We didn't hook up. I kept thinking about you. Saw your texts." I swayed again, this time my body bracing hers against the brick wall, not sure if she was holding me up or if it was the wall, things were starting to get fuzzier.

"I saw them, Nat. I wanted to respond so bad, but I needed time to think. And then Alec does what he does best."

"What's that?"

"Steals the only girl I love." I snapped.

"Oh, so he makes a habit of that?" She sneered.

I laughed out loud. "You have no idea how messed up we are."

"I'm beginning to understand." Her teeth were clenched.

"He stole her."

"Okay, Demetri." She tried to step around me.

I reached out and tugged her against me. "No, you don't understand. My girlfriend. He slept with her, got her pregnant, abandoned her."

Nat's face went pale.

"With my girlfriend." I scowled. "Who was too much of a good girl to even think about sleeping with me. She slept with him."

Tears pooled in Nat's eyes. I was hurting her, plunging in the knife so deep I wasn't even sure if Alec would be able to find it... let alone pull it out.

"She was mine! And he knew it! He was such a cocky son of a bitch. We were drunk. He said I needed to seal the deal. I told him it was impossible, so we made a bet."

Nat's hands shook as she held me back.

"He said if he got into her pants that I owed him a new car." Tears blurred my vision. "I laughed it off. Alec was always the player. I knew he'd try, but she loved me. I knew she loved me. Just like I knew you loved me. And now..." I cursed and punched the brick wall, blood coursed down my knuckles but I didn't feel a thing.

Nat fell to her knees in front of me. Holy shit. I'd killed her. But I couldn't find the strength to even lean down and help her up; my world was tilting.

"Nat!" Alec called her name. "Nat!"

"Nat!" Alec pushed passed me and scooped Nat up into his arms. "Damn it, Nat. Don't you dare pass out on me!"

"Bastard." I mumbled from the ground.

"Really?" Alec snarled, "You're going to call me names? After assaulting her?"

"Fell," I said hoarsely. "She fell." I stood to my feet and pushed against him, he was defenseless considering he was holding Nat.

I didn't expect him to actually punch me.

But he did.

So I punched him back making him almost drop Nat in the process. I almost hit her instead of him, and that's when I really, really freaked myself out.

I tripped backwards, and then fell on my ass, just as Bob came up behind me and pulled me to my feet.

I knew what was next. I was getting dropped off at the house, and put on house arrest, that was what usually happened after I did dumb shit, but this time. Something was different about this time.

This time... as Bob pushed me into the car and drove me home. This time it felt like the last time I'd see the ocean, or school, or even my brother's face. The hair on my arms stood on end... huh, why did this time feel like the end? When all the other times just felt like another day?

CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO

Alec

"HE TOLD YOU everything."

I felt her nod even though I didn't see it. I couldn't actually bring myself to look at her in the eyes. Telling Nat the truth was like telling a three year old that Santa didn't exist and you ran over the Easter Bunny for fun.

"Tell me it isn't true."

My laugh was bitter, void of emotion. "I can't do that."

"Can't or won't?"

After a heavy sigh, I turned to face her. "I can't deny the truth. I did everything he said, and what's probably worse is I got her hooked on drugs in the process."

She closed her eyes.

"Nat..." My voice was a whisper.

"Just take me home."

We rode home in silence. I could tell that she was doing the only logical thing she could do... putting the pieces of the puzzle together. The reasons for us being in Seaside. The secret, how it affected me, how it ruined my brother. I felt like shit and it was all because I'd done something shitty. Wasn't that great?

The crazy thing was... I didn't really care that Nat thought I was a loser, if anything I cared that she would blame Demetri for what he did. I was the bad guy. I was the reason for Demetri's issues - I knew that. I had to face myself in the mirror every day and know that I was the reason two people died. I was the reason Demetri was on the road to killing himself. Me. Me. Me

We drove in silence. When the car pulled up to my house she didn't move.

"Nat..."

She closed her eyes and sighed. "Tell me everything."

"It's complicated. I don't think..."

"Tell me. Now."

"Heroin." I laughed humorlessly. "I told her it would help her relax." I couldn't look at Nat as I told the story. "We had been partying all weekend and Demetri was already in bed. She was drunk."

Tears rolled down Nat's cheeks. I was a monster. A complete, and total monster.

"It was all over within twenty minutes. Neither of us was really thinking. Had I been thinking, I wouldn't have gone through with it. But alcohol? Drugs? They have a way of messing with you. I knew what I was doing - I just didn't care. I knew it was wrong, but I felt so good - it felt so good - that I refused to acknowledge there would be any consequences." I cursed and shook my head "Demetri found us in bed together."

Nat gasped.

"I've never seen that look on his face before. They had a huge fight, broke up, and we didn't hear from her again until we found out she was pregnant. By then we also found out she was hooked on everything under the sun, made easy by yours truly, considering I paid her off to keep her mouth shut."

We sent her into rehab. Our little boy, whom I never met, went to his grandma's. The next we heard from her, she was released from rehab and sounded really happy. I apologized again and told her how sorry I was. She and Demetri talked on the phone and got in a fight. She, um... She went to pick up Benjamin and was hit in a head on collision. She went the wrong way on the freeway."

Nat closed her eyes. Her voice shook as she spoke, "So the canceled concert tour this year? The time off?"

"Grief counseling and addiction."

"Addiction?"

"Not me, Nat." I bit my lip. "I don't touch the stuff. I don't touch anything. It ruined a part of me that I don't think I'll ever get back. The addiction? That would be my brother's. Also my fault."

"He makes his own choices. It's not your fault." Why the hell was she defending me?

I laughed bitterly, "Yeah, I think it is, Nat. It was all me. I was the partier, the wild one. I never got in trouble. I never had any consequences. Somehow, I got lucky, and for some reason I never felt addicted. I just liked the feeling drugs gave me. That was not the case with Demetri."

"Is he on drugs now?"

"I don't know. He's drinking heavily again, that much is clear. Nat..." I licked my lips. "You don't have to stay. You can go." I was trying like hell to hold back tears. "I kill everything I touch. It's like I'm poison."

"No!" She reached for me but I jerked back. I didn't want to taint her, to bring black to what was so white. She reached for me again and pulled my body into her arms, the console kept us from being closer. Which was probably a good thing considering I would have sobbed in her lap like a baby had I had the opportunity to actually make it to her side of the car.

"Alec, look at me." I choked tears back, fought with every shred of dignity I had to keep from losing my shit, "What you did was messed up. I'm not going to deny it. Nor am I going to say that I'm not seriously tempted to jump out of this car and run away from you, but I love you. I love who you are now. The man you are now. If those things wouldn't have happened to you, who knows where you would be?"

My entire body trembled. "Nat, you have to know. I'm not that guy anymore. I don't even know who that guy was, I just-"

Her kiss was forceful and pleading. Nat wrapped her hands around my shoulders, jerking me closer to her. My tongue reached out, licking her lower lip then dove slowly into her mouth. Her taste was an addiction in and of itself - if I was being completely honest, just being with her made everything fade into the darkness. I was able to store the pain, because she made me feel like it didn't exist. I was desperate for her.

"Nat-" I groaned against her mouth, my hands gripping her shoulders as I pushed her tenderly away. "I love you so much, you know that right? I would never do anything to hurt you."

"I know."

Rain began to fall, sounding like a loud applause. Good timing. Nat smirked. "Race you to the house?"

That was it. After everything, she was going to forgive me? Love me? It was too good to be true. I instantly relaxed. "Yeah, Nat, race you to the house."

She beat me. Then again I let her. It wasn't about winning; hell I'd already won.

When I reached her, I started laughing; she looked like a drowned rat. Drenched from head to toe, she leaned towards me. I traced her face with my fingers. "You're so beautiful, Nat."

She winked then rose to her tiptoes expectantly. Mine. She was finally mine. I chuckled and lifted her off the ground for a kiss and crushed my lips against her mouth.

"Get a room or something," Demetri grumbled pushing past us, he wasn't even walking in a straight line.

Shit! I set Nat on her feet and reached for my brother. He wasn't well. Not at all. "Where the hell do you think you're going?"

"Out!" Demetri stumbled to his car and threw open the door. The wind picked up, whipping it across my face.

"The hell you are!" I ran toward the car and tried to jerk the door open, but Demetri locked the doors and slammed the car into drive. "Demetri! Don't!" I yelled so much my voice was hoarse.

The Mercedes peeled out of the driveway and took off, almost hitting a few mailboxes on the way.

"Damn it!" Panicked, I kicked the ground then ran to my side of the SUV and quickly jumped in. "Get in, Nat."

She didn't need to be told twice.

I only had an idea of the direction he went. I didn't want to call him, lest he be idiot enough to answer it and actually get himself killed.

"Stupid! Why is he so stupid?" I slammed the steering wheel. "I want to hate him! Damn it!" Sirens blared in the distance.

I didn't make the connection.

Minutes later, we pulled around the corner.

"Alec, pull over!"

"I can't, Nat! I have to find Demetri, I have to-" The words died on my lips as my eyes fell on the accident ahead of us.

My world tilted, fell off its little pedestal, and shattered.

I'd just killed someone.

But not just anyone.

My brother.

"No." I shook my head and pulled into a spot across the street. "No." I slammed the car door and ran at top speed towards the paramedics as they carried the stretcher to the ambulance. Blood was everywhere. Demetri moaned. I started cussing and pushing at the cops as they pulled me away from a paramedic. Holy shit I was going to punch the guy if he didn't let me see Demetri.

I fought against the cops for what felt like hours as someone pushed against Demetri's chest.

More blood.

My knees gave way. I kept shouting but it was like I was watching myself react, not actually experiencing it.

Nat wrapped her arms around my waist, and then I saw Mrs. Murray. She hugged me too and I burst into tears.

"Are you his brother?" one of the paramedics asked.

"Yes," Nat answered for me.

"If you're riding with us, we need to go now." He jumped into the ambulance. I looked to Nat as if waiting for her permission.

"Go!" She pushed me towards the doors. "We'll follow."

I was relieved she was able to make the decision for me. I tossed her my keys and prayed Demetri would be okay as I watched the paramedics work on him - doing things I didn't understand, keeping him alive.

The one thing I'd failed to do.

Keep him alive.

When we got to the hospital they had already been notified, they moved Demetri into a surgical room. I tried to follow but was again restrained.

A man I'd seen once in my life - Mrs. Murray's husband, took one look at me then one look at Demetri and yelled. "I'm scrubbing in."

"You've been up for twenty-four hours," a man shouted.

"I'm scrubbing in. Don't make me repeat myself."

"Yes Doctor," the same man yelled back.

Mr. Murray gripped my shoulders. "It's going to be fine. Alright? It's fine. You need to be strong, can you do that?"

I nodded, feeling a bit sick.

"Water." He pointed to the waiting room. "Go get some water and sit down."

Legs shaking, I walked over to the waiting room, just in time to see Nat fly by me and fall into her dad's arms sobbing.

"Don't let him die, just don't let him..." She fell to the ground. Her dad nodded and ran off in the direction of the room.

"Nat?" Her mom helped her to her feet and then my arms were around her. She rubbed my back, my neck, and just held me. It was what I needed. It was my sanity during those moments.

After we held each other for a few minutes, I whispered in a shaky voice. "We should go sit down."

Nat nodded.

Shit. Just another reason for her to hate me, for me to hate me.

I trained my eyes on the door. On the other side of that door my brother was fighting for his life, so I tried to give him strength in the only way I knew how. By not crying, but not freaking out, and by waiting... patiently like Dr. Murray had said to do.

"He's going to be okay." Nat squeezed my hand; I barely felt it.

"Alec," Nat asked, "Is there anyone I need to call?"

Slowly, I shook my head, "I don't know, I can't think right now..."

"Your manager? Agent? Someone to handle the media?"

"Crap." I looked away from the doors. "Nat, I don't think I can do it, I can't-" My voice cracked.

"Give me your phone." She held out her hand.

I dug into my pocket and handed her the phone. I told her my agent's name, my publicist's name, everything. She called and I listened to her tell them the story, repeating it three times before finally pressing end.

When she was finished, some of the anxiety lifted. Nat hugged me and gripped my hand tighter. "Is there anything else I can do?"

I relaxed a bit and offered a pathetic smile. "Honestly Nat, you've gone above and beyond the call of duty. Just sit by me. That helps." It was the only thing that helped. The only thing that was keeping me from falling to the ground and weeping.

"I love you."

I couldn't find my voice for a few seconds and when I did, I used the last strength I possessed to whisper, "I love you too, Nat."

CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE

Alec

THE NEXT TWO hours passed in a blur. Finally, Dr. Murray came out of the operating room and gave us good news.

But it fell on deaf ears.

I was relieved.

But the guilt still remained.

"It's my fault." Nat whispered when her dad walked away.

"No." I jerked away from her and glared. "Don't even think about blaming yourself for this! We all go through crap, Nat. That's life. It's how you react to it that defines the person you grow into."

"Wise words from a nineteen year old. I wonder if you listen to your own advice?"

Ah, well played. I was completely caught.

"My situation is different, believe me. What I did, it was unforgiveable. I'm lucky my brother still talks to me."

"It's not different," she argued.

"The hell it isn't!" I yelled, finally losing complete control of my emotions.

"Fine," Nat snapped. "How is it different? How is what you did any different?"

"I caused this!" I bolted from my seat and began pacing in front of her. "Do you even know the type of guy Demetri was before all this? Innocent little virgin who wouldn't even touch alcohol if someone paid him to! I protected him from everything and-"

I stopped talking, I couldn't... I just couldn't.

"You sheltered him so much that he never learned how to deal with stuff on his own," Nat spoke softly though her voice held an air of authority I hadn't heard from her before. "Alec-" She got up and walked towards me. "You were the older brother. Yes, it was your job to protect him. But..." She shrugged. "Sometimes you gotta let people take the hit. How do you think a quarterback learns how to deal with the fear of getting hit?"

I snorted and looked away. Damn smart metaphor. "He gets the crap beat out of him at practice."

"Exactly." She reached up and lightly brushed my forehead. "Alec, you tried to protect Demetri from everything, and the minute things took a turn for the worse, how did he cope with it?"

"He didn't." Hell, did he even KNOW the meaning of the word. Oh right. Coping to him was another word for weed.

"So, then you tried harder, you changed your whole life, you coddled him even more, removed him from your old lifestyle, put him in counseling, tried to fix him, and then something else happened, and what was his reaction?"

I sighed in defeat. "The same as before, only this time he nearly killed himself."

"Alright then." Nat wrapped her hands around my neck, pulling my head closer to hers. "I know I'm not perfect and we both know you aren't."

I laughed out loud. Scaring the shit out of myself. How could I go from being ready to fall to pieces to laughing? Oh, right because I had Nat and she was a freaking angel. Never. Letting. Her. Go. Ever. Never. Ever.

"But, Demetri needs to grow up. He needs to learn, and hopefully this will be the start of that."

Alec sighed. "You're right."

"I'm what?" She sounded genuinely shocked.

Glaring, I pushed her away and laughed again. "Don't push it, Nat."

"Alec?" A small nurse approached. "You can see your brother now. He's in ICU, but he's stable. I'm sure the doctor has informed you that he's in a medically induced coma, but you can still talk to him."

I clenched Nat's hand.

"Sorry." The nurse looked between us. "Family only."

"She is family." My teeth ground together.

The nurse didn't look convinced. I cleared my throat. "She's my fiance." And again with probably freaking Nat out.

Nat leaned into me, totally selling it.

The nurse nodded though her eyes narrowed in on Nat's hand. I hid it under mine. "Okay, this way."

CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR

Demetri

I WAS DYING. No seriously. Dying. I knew I was dying because I could have sworn I saw a swirly light. Hey at least it wasn't a swirly devil, things could be way worse right?

Right?

My chest hurt.

My back hurt.

My lungs hurt. Why the hell did everything hurt so bad? Wasn't death supposed to feel good? Wasn't it supposed to fix everything?

I couldn't move my hands or legs. I felt, paralyzed, like someone had drugged my body but left my mind on full alert. Something pinched me on the arm. Shit! I tried to open my mouth but when I told my mouth to open, nothing happened.

I couldn't even scream.

And for the first time - since I was a little kid, I wanted very badly to scream. I also wanted to cry but I didn't know why I wanted to cry. I just knew that I was sad and that if Alec were here I would tell him I was sorry.

If Nat were here. I would tell her I still loved her. But I wouldn't interfere anymore.

But I existed nowhere. Was I alive? Dead? Floating?

Something else flashed in front of my eyes like a light.

And then I heard voices.

"Clear!"

Clear? Isn't that what they did to people when they were on the operating table?

"He's flat lining."

"Clear!"

More pain.

Flat lining? I willed my body to live. I used every ounce of strength I had and told my heart to keep beating. Not because I deserved life but because Alec didn't deserve my death. It would ruin him, it would destroy him, it would kill Nat.

NO!

More pain in my chest.

Beat damn it!

Then total darkness.

I knew I was alive because I floated in and out of consciousness. I saw colors fade in front of me and then my eyes got really heavy. They were moving me somewhere. Something was stuck down my throat.

I got sleepy again.

More voices interrupted a really good dream about surfing. I tried to open my eyes but they were too heavy.

"Talk to him," a voice said, "It will help."

"O-okay." It was Nat.

Her voice was so pretty.

I could listen to it all day.

"Hamlet." Nat cleared her throat.

WHAT? Was she going to read me my homework? For real? Holy shit! I WAS IN HELL!

My body rebelled. I tried to move.

Nat just kept talking, in that weird Shakespearean language that made me seriously doubt the man's sanity when he was writing.

Nat kept speaking. Oh hell she was using voices.

Huh, I wondered, in that moment, if this was my penance. If God really was the type of God that would punish a person in such a cruel way.

She read for hours.

She came back every day.

She read. The. Whole. Damn. Story.

When I woke up, not if, but when, I was going to burn all things Hamlet. I was going on Shakespeare strike. I would write a song about it. Swear.

I heard hushed voices again, and then Nat touched my arm. I tried to wiggle my fingers, but they wouldn't listen to me.

"Your brother told everyone I was his fiance." Nat was tickling my arm something fierce. Must. Stop. The. Tickling. "It was the only way they would let me see you." That was nice of him, to do that, so she could see me. Alec knew me too well. I wanted Nat here. Yeah I'd screwed things over with her. But honestly, I'd take her friendship any day. She was probably the only person who would put up with me at this point. You know you have a good friend when you treat them like crap and they still hold your hand, or in Nat's case, tickle the crap out of you - which of course is just made worse when you can't laugh!

"Trust me, I could have taken that tiny nurse. We all know how strong I am." Nat boasted. "Alec also told me that you used to pee the bed when you were little and that you were scared of birds until you reached the age of twelve."

Holy shit! And the worst nurse EVER award goes to Nat! Um, hello, deathbed? And every little kid is afraid of something. Alec swore he'd take that to his grave. Epic fail.

Nat laughed.

I liked hearing her laugh. I was tired of hearing her cry, seeing her tears, okay so maybe if it was at my expense that was okay.

"Naturally, I thought the best way to get you out of your drug-induced state was to threaten you. So, I rented the movie The Birds, and if you don't come out of your coma I'm just going to keep playing it over and over again until you wake up."

"Cruel," Alec's hushed voice said.

"And in order to prove my theory, I also recorded a few bird calls on my iPhone. Did you know there was an app for that?"

THE HELL she was! I roared, and willed my body to thrash, instead, I almost gave myself an aneurism and my pinky finger moved. Score! I tried again, this time it was easier, as if my body was remembering that yes it was supposed to move when I ordered it to.

"Play it again," Alec ordered.

NO! Do NOT play it again!

I wiggled more fingers, and tried for toes. Hey I was on a roll!

She pressed play again. Holy. Shit. Was that the sound of a crow? They killed people. Wow. Heartless. Both of them.

With one final surge of energy, I wiggled my right hand and opened one eye, then two. Everything was blurry.

"His eyes are open! Get the nurse!" Nat yelled, as Alec ran out of the room.

I thought by opening my eyes the nightmare would be over. Nope, it had just begun. I felt like I couldn't breathe. My chest hurt so bad like it was on fire. My throat was closing, swear, and every inch of my body felt like someone had run me over with something and then thrown me off a cliff for fun. I couldn't talk, I couldn't do anything and it freaked me out. Freaked me out because I was still having trouble moving.

I tried to look around the room. Machines. Everywhere. Tears pooled behind my eyes. Great, so I couldn't move my damn legs but I could cry?

"No, no, it's okay." Nat grabbed my hand and squeezed it. "You're fine, okay? Don't panic. I need you to not panic right now, okay?" Tears slid down her cheeks. I didn't want her to cry!

"Ice?" Nat reached for a cup next to my bed. I nodded slightly, the movement so painful I nearly passed out.

The ice melted the minute it hit my lips but it felt so good I wanted to devour the cup. I smiled or I think I smiled I mean, I flinched and then Nat giggled so yeah, my smile though I thought it looked bad ass probably looked terrifying.

"Well, well, well, it seems my daughter's treating our patient well." Nat's dad walked into the room. Hey I knew him! Oh wait... He was in a nice doctor coat... because he was a... get there faster Demetri. Doctor. My doctor? Did he operate on me? Holy shit he saw me naked!

He walked to the monitors and wrote some stuff down on his clipboard then began a slow examination of Demetri. "How are you feeling? Blink once if you are in pain, twice if you are okay for now."

I blinked twice. Nat squeezed my hand in encouragement.

"You've been in an accident," Dr. Murray stated. I rolled my eyes. No shit.

Everyone laughed nervously at me; Alec put his hand on Nat's shoulder so that the three of us were linked. How we'd been from the beginning. Funny because this whole time I kept thinking it couldn't be the three of us. But it could. Nat and Alec could be together and I could still be a part of it. I could still be their family.

"You should have died," Dr. Murray stated slowly. I knew as much, hadn't I seen the swirly light? "I'm going to be honest with you, and I'm not going to sugar coat anything, son."

Nobody had called me 'son' since my dad. And he'd died so long ago that to hear that term of endearment was like... coming home. A tear pooled at the corner of my eye and slid down before I could stop it.

"You have a long road ahead of you," Dr. Murray said, "I've made a few calls to enroll you in a local rehab program, along with therapy. The missus thinks it will be a good idea."

I respected him. I had no idea why, but I did. My eyes continued to get wet with... emotion, but I seriously lost control when he said, "You're better than this, son."

Because I was better than this. I knew I was.

I just needed to hear it.

He sat on the bed and sighed. "You were made for more than music, more than just living on the edge, son. I need you to believe that. I need you to work with me so we can get past this. Together. Can you do that?"

Slowly, using strength I knew I didn't have, I lifted my hand and placed it on his. A gentleman's agreement. I wasn't going back. I couldn't.

He gave me a firm nod then stood and hugged Nat. "He's going to be fine, baby. I'm going to leave you guys for a minute. I'll send the nurses in to start taking away some of that equipment hooked up to him."

I smiled. Wow, I never thought being scolded would actually feel so good.

"What are you smiling about?" Nat grinned.

I moved my head from side to side, as if to say, oh you know...

Alec laughed behind Nat and wrapped his arms around her. "I'm thinking it's the first time an adult has scolded him in years."

My smile widened. Yeah he knew me way too well.

They laughed together and Nat walked over to me and kissed my forehead. Her lips were warm. "I love you, Demetri. I'll always love you." She grabbed my hand and placed it on her heart. "You're right here. Always."

'I love you too.' That's what I would have said if I could. 'I love you too and I'm sorry. I'm sorry that I didn't love you the way you deserve to be loved.'

'I'm thankful he does.'

The thing about love... You can't fully give it, when you don't even know what it is. I didn't love myself, I didn't accept myself; I blamed myself. And until I was done with all that? I couldn't have loved her.

Not the way Alec loved her.

Nat walked out of the room leaving me alone with Alec. I stared at him. He stared at me. I stared at him some more. And then he blurted, "If you ever scare me like that again I will bring you back to life, only to kill you all over again, okay?"

I nodded.

"Good." He swore and then did the strangest thing. My strong-as-nails bad-ass brother, pulled me into his arms and burst into tears.

CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE

Nat

I THREW ON a pair of sweats the following Sunday night and ran across the lawn to the guys' house. I knocked and waited.

Within seconds Alec appeared. Demetri's voice was yelling in the background, "Since when does she knock?"

Alec rolled his eyes and tugged me in for a heart-stopping kiss. I parted my lips. Things were just getting interesting, when we heard Demetri gagging from the living room.

Alec winked and stepped back. I laughed and followed him into the house.

Demetri had only been home for a few hours. It looked like a tornado had attacked their living room. Clothes and medicine were everywhere.

"Moving?" I asked as I noted the suitcases in the corner. The room went quiet. I looked to both guys and waited for someone to say something.

"I forgot to take my medicine!" Demetri blurted then hobbled out of the living room with his crutches. I glared at his escaping form then turned my attention to Alec.

He sighed and sat on the couch. "We need to talk."

"I don't like that phrase."

"Fine." Alec chuckled. "I need to ask you something."

Tense, I stood. I couldn't sit. Not if he was breaking up with me, not if he was ending the best thing that had ever happened to me. I knew things were going too well. My parents and I were finally talking, Demetri wasn't dead, thank God, and Alec and I were on our way toward bliss! It was only a few weeks until Christmas and I was hoping we would be able to spend our entire break together. I didn't want to spend it alone crying into a pint of ice cream.

"Nat, stop worrying." Alec pulled me down across his lap. I straddled him, but kept my body from touching his. "I love you." He kissed my lips and chuckled. "Seriously, you're stressing me out. Stop freaking."

I managed a tight smile. "So what is it?"

"We're going on vacation."

So not what I expected.

"Huh?"

"I imagined lots of screaming, jumping, and lots of kissing. Huh wasn't exactly on my list of answers." Alec flicked my nose and kissed my mouth. "We, as in you and I, are going on vacation before Christmas break."

"But we have like a week and a half of school and-"

"I've taken care of it."

"And my parents will flip out..."

"Already talked to them." Alec seemed bored with my excuses.

I glared. "I can't believe you would leave Demetri all by himself!"

Alec threw his head back and laughed. "Okay, first of all, you have trust issues. Second, Demetri is a grown man."

"Thanks dude!" Demetri called from the kitchen.

I rolled my eyes.

"And..." Alec's hands moved to cup my backside, pulling me closer against him. "I've managed to convince your parents that you deserve a few days away from all this craziness. Besides, I have to go to L.A. to take care of some stuff."

"But..." I had no argument.

"Your teachers are more than understanding. In fact I'm pretty sure they couldn't care less if a straight-A student skipped out before break. Demetri is going to go crash at your parents'. Bob is staying with him, even though he begged for Lloyd." He would beg for Lloyd, the less scary one. Jerk. "And we'll be back in time to have Christmas together."

I bit my lip and looked at Alec. "As a family?"

He nodded. "Your grandparents, your parents, Demetri, and myself. That is, if you'll have us."

I squealed with excitement. "When do we leave?"

"Tonight." He checked his watch. "You have exactly an hour to pack."

I scrambled off his lap and nearly fell to the floor.

"Easy, Nat. I want to get you there in one piece."

I saluted just as Demetri hobbled back into the living room. Alec looked at me and then made some lame excuse about making sure he had everything he needed.

"So..." Demetri plopped onto the couch and motioned for me to join him.

"So." I repeated.

"My brother."

"Your brother."

"Are you really just going to repeat everything I say?"

"You almost died," I whispered.

Demetri sighed then put his arm around me. "I think I liked it better when you were repeating after me, Nat." I released a shuddering breath and looked at his face. He licked his lips. "Nat, I'm happy for you guys. I can't say that it doesn't suck, but I knew. Damn, I knew the minute you guys looked at each other. What can I say? I'm a selfish bastard. I knew what I was doing, Nat. Even if you didn't know your own feelings."

"But I love you!"

Demetri laughed. "Aw, Nat. I know, but it's not the same kind of love you feel for Alec. Believe me, I've felt that love before, and that wasn't it."

"Before?"

He nodded. A shadow fell across his features. "Once, and she died. I think in a way you reminded me of her. I was trying to fix things, by not really fixing them, Nat."

I leaned my head against his shoulder. "So what do we do now?"

"You mean other than make noises so my brother thinks I'm totally making out with you?"

I pinched him.

"Or that." He winced. "We stay friends, and you keep me far, far away from parties and alcohol-induced stupidity."

"We can always put one of those dog collars on you and press the shock button when you act stupid or make a bad choice."

Demetri threw his head back and laughed. "Kinky, I like it."

"Who's kinky?" Alec growled as he came around the corner.

"Your fiance."

"We aren't-" I felt myself flush red. "We aren't engaged. It was just pretend." I assured them both and myself.

Alec said nothing, but Demetri grinned like a fool. "Yeah okay, Nat. You just keep telling yourself that you won't be marrying this one over here the minute he asks you."

I felt my cheeks heat even more! Glancing away I offered a nervous laugh and felt my treacherous heart jump at the thought. I was only eighteen for crying out loud!

"We good?" Demetri grabbed my hand in his.

I squeezed. "We're good."

"Love you, Nat."

I leaned over and kissed his cheek. "I love you, too."

Alec lifted an eyebrow.

I rolled my eyes. "Fine, I'm going to go pack!"

Alec followed me outside. The minute the door closed he pushed me up against it. "I can't wait to be alone with you."

I giggled as he kissed my neck and squeezed me against his hard body. "Finally, all mine."

"All yours." I hungrily searched for his mouth as he lifted me into his arms. Wrapping my legs around his body, I hung onto his neck and went about proving to him exactly how much of me he had.

