Prologue: Kiev

My parents lay on the bloodstained carpet, their faces shining with sweat, their trembling bodies wrapped in blankets. My mother gripped my right hand, my father my left. Each breathed heavily as they lay with eyes closed.

I broke away as my mother descended into another coughing fit. Reaching for a metal basin, I pulled her upright and held the vessel beneath her mouth in case she vomited. Once she had calmed down, I eased her back again. She looked weaker than ever.

I removed the damp towels covering both of my parents' foreheads and replaced them with fresh ones from the ice bucket. Had it not been for those towels, the raging fever would have taken them already.

After adding more coal to the fireplace, I left the barn and walked barefoot out into the snow-covered garden, breathing in the sharp late-evening air. Bending down, I picked up a handful of snow from the ground and cleaned my bloody hands. Then I reached for the handkerchief covering my nose and mouth and pulled it away. I rubbed more snow against my face and sighed deeply. The crisp substance helped give me relief from the sickly-sweet stench of the barn.

"Are they going to die?" a soft voice called out from behind me.

I whirled around to see the front door of our cottage open, my younger sister making her way toward me. Her long black hair was wrapped around her neck and her green eyes glistened with tears. She was shivering as she approached me in her thin cotton nightgown.

"Helina!" I shouted. "How did you get out here?"

She ignored my question and continued walking.

"Stop! Don't come near me. Get back in the house!"

Furious, I fastened the handkerchief back over my mouth and nose and ran toward her.

"I want to see them!" she cried, as I scooped her up in my arms.

I lowered her to the floor as soon as we reached the entrance of the small cottage and locked the door behind us. Still wailing, she banged against the door with her small hands. I stepped away from her and moved to the furthest corner of the room, checking that my handkerchief hadn't budged from its place. I looked around our sitting room. The furniture consisted of three small oak cabinets and a threadbare chaise longue. The walls were bare and stained with dirt. Four lanterns hung from each corner of the low ceiling, and ragged carpets covered the rough wooden floorboards in the center of the room. Fading embers crackled in the fireplace. I hadn't stepped into my home for five weeks.

I eyed the key in the door. "How did you get out?" I demanded.

"I want Mama," she screamed.

She turned to face me, her eyes bloodshot and filled with tears. She moved away from the door and walked toward me, her arms outstretched.

"No. Helina. No. I've told you before. Don't come near me."

"Please, Kiev. I want to see Papa."

"Stay away!" I bellowed.

My harsh tone seemed to scare her-or perhaps it was the desperation in my eyes-and she retreated. She curled up on the floor and continued sobbing. But there was only one possible answer, for there were only two keys. One was in my pocket; the other belonged to our brother.

"You stole this from Erik, didn't you? Erik!" I yelled up the dim staircase.

Old floorboards creaked overhead and Erik appeared at the top of the stairs. His black hair was cropped short, like mine, his eyes chestnut brown, like our father's.

"Damn fool. Is it so difficult to keep a key away from a child?"

Erik remained quiet as he descended the stairs. He had an ashen expression on his face.

"She didn't steal it from me, Kiev. I gave it to her."

My eyes widened with disbelief.

"You allowed her out?"

My younger brother averted his eyes to the ground and nodded. "I was going to pay a visit to our parents too."

"Christ!" I grabbed a dusty vase from a cabinet and hurled it to the floor. "Have you lost your damn mind? Do you have any idea what I have sacrificed to keep you two safe?"

"I know what you've sacrificed," Erik said grimly. "But I also know that our parents are dying."

"You don't know that," I hissed.

"Stop playing me for a fool, brother. If you haven't cured them by now, I know that they're too far gone."

I should have expected him to realize that my assurances of our parents' recovery were lies. He was just as much the son of a physician as I. I hadn't allowed him to see them, but he had witnessed enough of our father's patients to realize the stage they must be at after so many weeks.

"If your assumption is correct," I said, trying to steady my voice, "then that's all the more reason for you to stay away."

"This whole village is infected." Erik scowled. "Sooner or later we'll catch it. We can't stay locked up within these walls forever."

"Then you and Helina will leave this place," I said, inhaling sharply.

"Kiev, we've had this conversation before. How will we leave? We barely have enough coins for a sack of barley."

I looked down at my brother. He was right, of course. To be precise, we barely had enough coins for half a sack of barley, because I'd recently had to purchase some more blankets for our parents. We had a wealthy uncle living in the city, but he was a miser who never allowed anyone to stay without payment we couldn't afford-be they family or not.

I didn't know where I found the courage to look into my brother's eyes and say: "I'll find a way."

I supposed afterwards that it wasn't courage. It was sheer desperation.

But whatever it was, I couldn't let him down. I couldn't let anything happen to my siblings. I couldn't break my last promise to my parents.

"Just... Just stay in here. And I swear, I will find a way to get you and our sister out of here."

I fetched a knife from the kitchen and tucked it beneath my cloak. Then I walked back through the sitting room toward the front door, my brother's and sister's eyes following me. Withdrawing my brother's key from the keyhole, I placed it into my pocket next to my own. Then I turned to my brother again and glared at him.

"Listen to me, Erik. Now you must make me a promise. Promise me that you will not, under any circumstances, try to leave this house and enter the barn while I'm gone."

Erik looked up at me, then down at our sister.

"For Helina's sake... I promise."

With his assurance, I left the cottage, locked the front door, and headed back to the barn.

On entering, I was relieved to see that my parents hadn't vomited more blood since I'd left them. I placed fresh cold towels over their foreheads, pulled on a pair of black leather boots and a woollen hat, and wrapped a long black cloak around me before heading out into the night.

As I passed through our neighborhood, moans of pain emanated from dimly lit windows. Sacks of dead bodies lay strewn at the sides of the roads.

I tried to block out the horrors that surrounded me and think. I didn't know how or where I would get the money. Even if I had the money, our horses had already died of the sickness.

I won't find money or a healthy horse in this Godforsaken village. That much I do know.

If there was to be any chance of saving my siblings, I had to reach the highway that ran through the woodland, about twelve miles north from here. It led to the city, and there were often coaches passing by.

I trekked for hours through the ice and by the time I arrived at the dark, tree-lined road, I was beginning to believe that I might develop frostbite before a coach ever came along. Crouching down behind a bush, I waited. And waited.

Finally hooves beat against gravel in the distance. I peered over the top of the bush. A shiny black coach with two large steeds raced toward me. A thin man sat in the rider's seat, and the curtains of the carriage were drawn.

I pulled my woollen hat further down to cast a shadow over my eyes, and pushed up my collar to cover the rest of my face. As soon as the coach was about ten feet away, I emerged from the bushes, one hand tucked beneath my cloak, nervously tracing the edge of the knife with my finger. I ran into the horses' path and held up my other hand, waving it in the air.

The alarmed horses screeched the carriage to a stop. Before the coachman could react, I launched forward, grabbed him by the collar, and yanked him out of his seat, holding the knife close to his throat.

"I don't want to hurt you," I whispered into his ear. "Just keep silent and do as I say, and nobody shall be harmed."

"What's going on, Ivan?" a female voice called out from inside the carriage. "Why have we stopped?"

I pressed the knife tighter against Ivan's throat and said in a voice barely louder than a breath, "Tell her you've just stopped to check on one of the horses."

The terrified man stammered, "I-I'm just checking on one of the horses, darling. Nothing to worry about."

I turned Ivan round so that he was facing me, the steel still against his throat.

"I'm going to release you so you can untie one of the horses and give it to me. But I will be right here behind you. One wrong move and-make no mistake-I will slit your throat."

Trembling, Ivan staggered forward and gripped the closest horse's harness, working it loose. I winced as the animal whinnied.

"Release it gently," I hissed. "So the lady doesn't notice any bump."

As soon as Ivan had untied the horse, he grabbed the reins and handed them over to me. I wrapped them securely around my arm before approaching Ivan again to once again hold the knife against his throat. But before I could grab him, in one sudden motion, he slapped the horse on the backside. The frightened animal galloped forward-knocking me to the ground and dragging my body after it.

By the time I managed to scramble to my feet, regain control over the horse, and rope it around a tree, the alarmed Ivan had already remounted the coach, which had started moving forward with just the one horse.

I reached the coach's path just in time to fling myself at the driver's seat, landing next to Ivan. He pulled out a knife of his own from beneath his seat and brandished it at me as the horse continued to gallop forward. Leaning back toward the edge of the seat, with one sharp thrust of my foot, I managed to knock the blade away from Ivan. Bone cracked as one of his fingers broke. He cried out in agony.

Grabbing the reins, I brought the horse to a stop.

"Now, let's finish this," I breathed, once again pointing my knife at his neck. "Hand over whatever supplies and coins you have. Don't make me disturb the lady."

"I know how filth like you work once you've finished robbing," Ivan cried out, his eyes blazing. "I won't let you lay a hand on my woman! You'll have to kill me first."

He ducked his head and threw all his weight against my midriff. As I fell back toward the ground, I instinctively grabbed him and pulled him with me. When he landed on top of me, I expected him to start punching me, but he went strangely limp. He lifted his head and looked down at me, eyes bulging. Then I felt it-blood seeping down the hilt of my knife.

The blade had buried itself deep into his stomach as we'd hit the gravel. He screamed as blood poured out of him, soaking through his clothes.

I rolled him off me and stood staring down at him, horror consuming me at what I'd just done.

At what I'd just become.

"Ivan!" A shrill voice pierced through the cold night air.

I turned around. A young woman in a blue silk cloak stood in the road, her face pale, her painted red lips parting in horror.

She screamed and ran back into the carriage. I thought she had run there for shelter, but she returned with a pistol in her hands, aimed directly at my chest.

"Drop the knife!" she cried out, tears welling in her eyes, her hands trembling.

I dropped the knife. She approached me cautiously, still pointing the gun at me, and picked it up. Then she ran over to Ivan and looked at his wound.

"You killed him!"

She whirled around in fury. This time she pulled the trigger. A bullet wedged itself into my shoulder. Warm blood spilled down my frozen chest.

I staggered back and fell to the ground. I began shaking uncontrollably, and I felt myself losing consciousness.

But then I remembered the promise I'd made to my brother earlier that evening. I remembered my parents' tortured eyes looking up at me. I remembered Helina standing in the snow. And somehow I found the strength to turn myself over and slowly, steadily, quietly begin dragging myself toward the woman.

Her back was turned to me as she wept over Ivan. I reached out my uninjured arm and grabbed her. I knocked the pistol away from her hand. She kicked and screamed as I struggled to wrestle her to the ground. I grabbed the knife she had laid next to her and pushed it through her stomach.

Everything that I had ever identified myself with drifted away as that man and woman bled to death on the ground, tarnishing the white snow as their blood formed a crimson pool.

I was no longer a brother. No longer a son. No longer a physician's apprentice.

At that moment, only one word circled in my mind for what I was.

Murderer.

* * *

"Kiev!"

Erik gasped as I stumbled into the cottage in the early morning hours.

"What happened to you?"

"Where's Helina?" I panted.

"She... she's sleeping. What is going on? Your shoulder-"

"Bring her, goddamn it!"

Erik sprinted up the staircase, casting worried glances at me. I'd managed to slow the blood flow by bunching up my cloak and holding it against the wound with one hand as I guided the horses and the carriage with the other. But it meant that I was now frozen numb from the cold.

I walked over to the warm fireplace and crumpled onto the carpet.

When Erik emerged, he was carrying a sleeping Helina.

"For God's sake, brother," Erik pleaded. "Will you tell me what happened?"

"It doesn't matter... what happened," I gasped. "Just listen to me. Carefully. I don't have the strength to repeat myself. There's a carriage with two horses waiting outside the house. In it, you'll find enough food to last you a week and enough money to keep our uncle happy for at least five months."

"But-"

"Beware of robbers. If anyone tries to stop you, shoot them. Take breaks only during the daylight hours, and when you do, keep an eye out. You'll find a knife and firearms in the carriage. Do you understand me?"

Erik stared down at me, his eyes glistening in the firelight. He clutched Helina closer to his chest, and nodded.

"When... when will we see you again?"

"What kind of question is that?" I snapped, clenching my jaw against the pain. "Just leave now. You know what you have to do."

He took a step closer to me.

"No," I said, shaking my head and pushing myself further away from them. "Get away from me. Get away from this village. You'll start a new life in the city. Find work there to keep Uncle happy. And just... take care of our sister."

"I won't ever forget what you've done for us, brother," Erik choked, tears streaming down his cheeks. "And neither will Helina. I'll make sure of it."

I watched from the floor as he exited the cottage, still carrying our sister in his arms. He closed the door, and a few minutes later, I heard the creaking of coach wheels.

If Erik hurried, they would escape the village by dawn.

* * *

My father passed away the following night, and my mother followed him three days later. Once my shoulder had healed enough to bear the strain, I dug two graves in the garden, next to the rose bush, and laid them to rest.

The bitter thought occurred to me that I ought to dig my own grave while I was at it. For the day before I'd coughed up my first lot of blood.

I didn't know how long the illness would take to disable me, and dying sick was bad enough to not want to die hungry as well.

That meant only one thing, since I'd run out of food and money in the cottage. Another trip up to the highway. Another robbery. The last one I'd ever need to make. And, God willing, this time without murdering anybody.

I decided to pick a spot a little further up the road than last time. By the time I arrived, it was well past midnight.

I sat myself down on a tree stump and waited. My ears ached for even the slightest crunching of gravel. Any distant whinnying. Any clattering of wheels. I waited for hours in vain. Nothing came that night, and as morning was about to break, I felt too frozen to move. I'd stayed sitting in one position for far too long.

My eyelids became heavy and I fell face forward into the snow, my limbs no longer capable of supporting me. As I began to lose myself to the darkness, a chilling wind whipped past me, rousing me to my senses. It was so biting, it was as though it was seeping into my very bones.

And then I heard it. A whisper... a rasping voice... drifted through the dark woods.

"You want food."

At first I thought that it was the whistling of the wind through the trees playing tricks on my ears, my hunger and cold making me hallucinate.

But then it came again. "You want a cure."

"Who are you?" I gasped.

"You miss your family."

I managed to find the strength to sit up and look around me. I couldn't see anyone. It was hard to even tell which direction it was coming from.

"I can give you everything you want."

"Show yourself!"

A figure shot out from a tree a few feet away from me. A man, it seemed. He wore a long black cloak, his hood pulled down over his eyes. As he approached me, his walk was jerky. And his smell. It was the stench of rotting flesh.

"Follow me."

What other choice did I have than to follow? Even if this stranger intended to murder me, I was dying anyway. The mention of food ringing in my ears, I found strength in my limbs again to stand up.

I followed him for hours, and he refused to answer any questions. It was a constant struggle trying to catch up with him. I'd wanted to walk side by side with him, but somehow, no matter how much faster I pushed myself to walk, he was always a few feet ahead of me. Finally, as I was on the verge of giving into numbness again, we entered a clearing and a magnificent dark castle came into view. A castle I'd had no idea ever existed. A castle I was sure our village didn't know about either.

We walked through the courtyard up to the giant oak doors. I followed him inside.

"Welcome to The Blood Keep."

His voice echoed around the chamber as the doors creaked closed behind us. And as they did, the man crumpled to the ground in a heap. His face became visible for the first time-that of a corpse. A rotting, maggot-infested corpse.

But it was too late now for second thoughts.

The Elder kept his promise.

Over the following years, he cured me of my mortality.

He provided me with more blood than a single vampire could consume.

He made himself my father and gave me new siblings.

In exchange, he dragged my soul to hell.

Chapter 1: Kiev

"Mona's gone."

I stared at Saira as she stood in the doorway of my room.

"Gone?"

"She left this note." The werewolf handed me a piece of damp parchment with words scrawled in the witch's florid handwriting. Don't try to find me.

"It means that she left voluntarily." Matteo appeared next to the werewolf. He placed a hand on her shoulder to comfort her, though he looked unsettled himself.

"I know what it means," Saira snapped. "But why? And where?"

"Why the hell are you asking me?" I said.

"You became close to her," Saira said, looking at me pointedly.

"Let's get one thing straight, wolf." I glared back. "I finished that stupid task you asked of me. Now I don't know where the witch is. And I couldn't care less."

The wolf looked taken aback, and opened her mouth to argue. But Matteo, although he also looked surprised at my words, caught hold of Saira and tugged at her. I shut the door as they left.

The last words the witch had said to me replayed in my mind.

"I don't want to ever see your face again."

I'd sworn at that moment that I wouldn't waste any more of my time on that impossible woman. Her erratic behavior was driving me crazy. And my inability to understand what was going through that twisted mind of hers was an endless cause of aggravation.

She was clearly insane.

And I already had my own insanity to deal with.

Now that I thought about it, I wasn't even sure what had drawn me to her in the first place. Perhaps, because of Saira's demand, I'd spent too much time thinking about her and that had let her get to me. I felt embarrassed and angry at what a fool I'd been to spend as much time with her as I had. At how low I'd stooped in catering to her demands.

Maybe it was all just my ego wanting to conquer the challenge.

Well, Mona isn't a challenge. She's a jumbled-up puzzle with missing pieces: a waste of time.

At least, after all that had happened, Saira would never argue about my place on this island. Which, of course, was the only reason I'd befriended Mona in the first place. So in that respect, the time I'd spent with her hadn't been a complete waste.

Now, the first thing I had to do to was get the witch's bitter taste out of my mouth.

As soon as Saira and Matteo had disappeared down the corridor, I ran toward Lorena's room and knocked.

When there was no answer, I forced the door open. It was empty. I exited the tunnels and headed toward the wall. Since it was nighttime, most of the vampires would be outside.

"Is Lorena on duty tonight?" I asked the first vampire I came across.

"No, I don't think so," he said. "You'll probably find her in the witch's cabin. I heard Lorena claimed it for herself soon after the witch left."

I turned and made my way toward the lake. Indeed, the lanterns in the lake house were lit. I jumped into the lake and swam toward the cabin.

I realized as soon as I flung the door open and saw the beautiful vampire standing in the middle of the room, wearing Mona's deep blue dress and earrings, that I was going to relish every moment of this evening.

There was no better place to put all thoughts of Mona to rest than with a different woman in Mona's own cabin. It was as if Mona never existed and Lorena had lived here all along-even her clothes now belonged to Lorena.

Lorena's lips parted in surprise. Then she scowled and crossed her arms over her chest.

"I thought you didn't want me."

I looked at her with heat in my eyes. I walked to her and pulled her lips against mine, tasting them hungrily. There was barely a moment of resistance from her once I'd gripped her waist. She reached for my clothes and ripped them off, as I did hers. Lowering her down on the mattress, I touched and tasted every part of her.

We made love until morning.

Pushing her off me, I rolled over on my stomach. It was only then that I noticed the faint smell of blood. Witch blood. A patch of blood stained the floor about two feet away from the mattress. Perhaps Mona was injured when she left me and I just didn't notice at the time.

Lorena said, "There was quite a lot more of that when I first got here. I licked most of it off the floor. Ugh. Her blood tastes bland. Just like the rest of her. I really have no idea what ever attracted you to her."

I ran my hands along Lorena's hips and caressed her neck with my lips.

"I don't know why either," I whispered. "Perhaps the witch isn't so powerless after all. Because I have no idea why I'd reject you for that little wench."

Lorena smiled from ear to ear and drew my head down toward her, her tongue pushing between my lips. As her heat intensified, I found myself coughing.

Startled, she drew away.

My throat went dry all of a sudden, and a sharp pain throbbed in my head-the likes of which I hadn't felt since I was a human. It was like an intense migraine. I sat up in bed.

"What's wrong?" Lorena asked, squeezing my shoulder.

She pulled herself upright next to me and placed a palm over my forehead. She withdrew it instantly, as though I'd given her an electric shock.

"Kiev, your forehead! It's... it's warm."

I brushed her hand aside and turned away from her as I coughed again. This time, specks of blood sprayed out of my mouth, landing next to Mona's dried blood on the floor.

What is going on?

Chapter 2: Mona

I'd lost count of how many days I'd been traveling. I'd begun to believe that I might perish in the ocean before arriving at my destination. But finally, in the early morning hours, I caught sight of it in the distance.

I inhaled sharply. The ogres' kingdom appeared even more terrifying than the rumors had made it out to be. I pulled my shawl closer around my shoulders as a gust of sea wind chilled me to the bone.

The island consisted almost entirely of black mountain ranges. A towering stone wall surrounded the island. As I drew nearer, screams and shouts rang in the distance, and the beating of ceremonial drums.

There were countless rumors about this place. But one was agreed upon by everyone:

He who ventures in doesn't venture out.

I pulled the dolphins to a stop once we approached the beach, unpacked the small bundle of personal belongings I'd taken with me, and jumped out of the boat into the shallow water. I cut the dolphins free from the boat and they swam away.

I would have no more use for them.

Shaking, I walked across the sand until I reached the giant iron gate, spiked with what appeared to be human skulls. I knocked with all the force I could muster, yet it sounded pathetic against the thick metal.

I knocked again.

When there was still no answer, I shouted out, my voice trembling:

"Open the gate!"

I shouted for several minutes until eventually, there was a deafening crack-the sound of a large bolt being drawn-and the gates swung open.

Standing before me were two ogres-each easily five times my size. They wore nothing other than loin cloths made of animal skin around their rotund waists. Their leathery skin was a muddy brown, their dark tusks stained with... I didn't want to know.

Before I could say a word, one of them grabbed my arm and flung me over his shoulder. He ran, and since I was hanging upside down with my stomach against his back, it was hard to even make sense of my surroundings, or where he was taking me.

Though I didn't miss the sound of the gates clanging shut.

Finally, he stopped running and let go of me. I fell face forward onto a cold stone floor. Wincing and rubbing my head, I looked around. I was in the corner of a small empty hall-within one of the mountains, I was sure, since the walls were jagged rock. The place was poorly lit-there were only a handful of dim lanterns for the whole room.

Keys clanked behind me and I turned around to look at the ogre. He was standing outside a large door, fumbling to open it. When he managed it, we were hit by a wave of screams echoing through the darkness.

He swung me over his shoulder again as he entered through the door and began walking down a staircase.

"Wait!" I shouted over the noise. "I need to speak to your king."

He made a sound that sounded halfway between a grunt and a chuckle.

He continued walking down the steps and once he reached the bottom, he lowered me to the ground again-a little more gently this time. I stood up and looked around me. We were in an enormous low-ceilinged dungeon. Every inch of it seemed to be covered with cells, except for some narrow pathways winding between them. The place reeked of sweat and mold. Again, this place was poorly lit, but I could just about make out the prisoners-all humans, it appeared. Hundreds of them.

I wondered how they could have gotten hold of so many. Though I didn't have time to wonder for long. The ogre gripped my arm and dragged me forward. He stopped outside an empty cell and flung me in, locking the door after me.

"Wait!" I shouted again. "No! I need you to take me to your king."

The ogre's laugh was more pronounced this time.

"Why would the king waste his time on you?"

"I've come to offer my services, but I need to speak to him specifically... please. Tell him I want a meeting."

He rolled his eyes and walked off. I prayed that he'd do as I had requested.

Now that the ogre was gone, I looked more carefully around at the prisoners. I realized that they were all female. Perhaps the men are kept separately in yet another dungeon.

The dungeon door slammed shut. The ogre had left. The screams of the women died down. But the cries didn't. That was when I realized how many women were cradling babies. And those who weren't appeared pregnant.

I gasped and my knees weakened.

The rumors are true.

I sank to the floor. As I sat there, I realized that since I had no magic, I was really no different than any of these human women.

Except that I'd entered these gates of hell by choice.

Chapter 3: Kiev

I could diagnose most human illnesses. But I had lived for centuries and had never come across a vampire being sick with anything other than his own darkness.

I wondered whether the sickness could be connected to the sudden change of my eye color. I still had no idea what had caused that either. And although I was relieved that my eyes were no longer red, it unnerved me that I had no idea why.

After the migraine and coughing persisted for three days in a row, I visited Matteo in his room. Lorena suggested that he might have come across a phenomenon like this in his years of experience.

To my annoyance, when Matteo opened the door, Giles, the tall blond haired vampire I'd once saved Mona from, was sitting there too. As soon as he saw me enter, his cordial expression turned into a scowl.

I eyed him and looked at Matteo. "I need to speak to you. Privately."

Matteo nodded to Giles, who shot me a glare. "How about Kiev waits until I finish my conversation with you?"

"No, I think we're done anyway, Giles. What did you want, Kiev?"

Giles made sure to shove against my shoulder as he headed out. I restrained the urge to punch him in the mouth. Instead I sat down in Giles' place.

I looked at Matteo.

"Have you ever come across a vampire who was... ill? I mean physically sick. The sensation of a migraine in your head. Coughing blood."

His expression was enough to tell me that he hadn't.

"You're experiencing these symptoms?"

"It doesn't matter."

I got up abruptly to leave. I still felt guilty for what I'd put Matteo through every time I looked him in the eye, and since he obviously couldn't help with this, I didn't want to waste his time with my personal issues.

I left the room and shut the door.

"Serves you right for driving Mona out."

Giles appeared from around the corner of the corridor as soon as I emerged.

The grating tone of his voice combined with my headache was more than enough to make me snap. I wrestled him to the ground and began to shower his face with punches.

Matteo's door opened.

"What the hell is this?" Matteo shouted. "Cut it out." I felt his hands around my waist as he yanked me off Giles. "Get lost, Kiev. And Giles, watch your mouth. You two..."

I shot one last glare at Giles before rushing out of the tunnels. I didn't stop running until I'd reached the beach and dipped my feet in the ocean. The sea air calmed my migraine slightly, but it couldn't dull the unnerved feeling this strange illness was causing me.

I decided that it was safer if I stayed outside the walls of the settlement, at least for the moment. I would be less likely to slice through Giles' throat. I didn't trust myself at all right now. The pain eating away at me made it difficult to think straight.

I didn't return to the tunnels that night. It felt better lying down in the open, on the beach.

Though the migraine made my body crave sleep, the pain didn't allow it. Lying down in one place only made me think more about the pain, so over the next few nights, I went for walks around the island-outside of the walls, away from all the people and noise. And to shelter from the sun during the day, I stayed in a cave I'd managed to find.

Lorena came out to see me, but even her I didn't feel like spending time with. The sound of anyone's voice set a rattle off in my head and made it more unbearable.

Finally, one evening as I was doing my rounds around the island, Matteo approached me.

"Kiev." He laid a hand on my shoulder. "I don't know what's going on with you. Whether this is you being affected by Mona's leaving-"

"This has got nothing to do with that," I snapped.

"Well, whatever the reason, you're not being yourself. As you haven't been on guard duty for days, I came to give you something to do outside of the island, since you seem to like being away so much. If you choose to accept it, it will benefit us all here immensely."

I looked into Matteo's eyes. "What?"

"You remember we discussed the Black Bell vampires? The night I deceived you, I was supposed to take you there. I suggest we do that now."

I didn't think I could stand being on the boat even with Matteo. I still felt awkwardness around him over everything that had happened, and I just didn't want to deal with it then. It was an extra burden on my already exploding head.

"I accept," I said without a second thought. "But I'll go alone."

Matteo looked taken aback.

"But you've never been there before. You-"

"Give me a compass and the rough coordinates. I'll figure it out."

Matteo looked at me dubiously.

"All right," he sighed. "If you're confident you won't get lost."

I felt grateful that Matteo had come to me with this task. I was slowly driving myself insane circling the island each night. At least this will distract me.

"Once you've seen the approximate location," Matteo explained, "I can better start discussing strategy with you."

"Fine."

I shot forward toward the port.

"You're planning to leave right now?"

"Right now."

Matteo showed me to a boat and gave me a compass and the coordinates. He also set me up with two of the strongest dolphins. He insisted that I take them in case something happened and I needed to make a speedy escape. I soon grew tired with his precautions and cut him off mid-sentence.

"Enough. Let me go."

Matteo jumped off the boat as I urged the dolphins forward.

He called out after me, "Be careful."

His warning barely registered.

All I could focus on was the relief that washed over me once I was away from the small island and racing toward the wide open sea, the strong wind and the lapping of the waves surrounding me.

Chapter 4: Mona

There was barely an inch of my cell that wasn't wet with blood and sweat. As I sat with my back against the wall, the women in the neighboring cells eyed me.

"Have you been paired yet?" a young woman in the cell to my left asked.

Her question sent chills running down my spine. I kept my lips sealed. I understood the meaning of her words. But I wasn't here to make friends, or offer comfort.

I was here to forget.

And to hide.

"How did you get here?" Another set of curious eyes rested on me to my right.

I shut my eyes tight and covered my nose with my shawl, trying to block out the abomination that was these women's lives.

They must have thought I'd gone to sleep, because they didn't attempt to speak to me again.

I opened my eyes only when-finally-the dungeon's door unlatched. My limbs aching from the cold damp floor, I scrambled to my feet.

An ogress approached my cell. She didn't look much different from the male ogre who'd carried me in here, except that she had large breasts. Frowning at me, she unlocked my cell, gripped my arm and tugged toward the exit of the dungeon. The women whispered to themselves as the heavy door shut behind us. Her nails dug into my flesh as she pulled me through one dark hall after the next.

"Let go of me," I said irritably.

"Watch your tongue, girl." The ogress sprayed spit on my face as she looked down to speak to me.

"I'm not going to run off. In case you're unaware, nobody kidnapped me here. I came voluntarily to offer service to your leader."

The ogress looked at me as though I was insane. I could have bet my life that no person had ever spoken those words to an ogre in the history of their kingdom's existence. She stopped in her tracks and let go of me, placing both hands on her knees as she peered down at my face, examining me closely. She grabbed a clump of my hair and sniffed it, a flash of confusion crossing her ugly face.

"What are you? You're not human."

"I'm a witch."

She stepped back, and let go of me. Fury filled her eyes. "You deceived us!"

"You don't understand-"

Before I could finish my sentence, she gripped my neck and slammed my face against the rough stone wall.

"So you're here to work some magic on our king, eh? That's why you wanted to see him. You thought you could pass for a human? Well, I won't let you harm our king."

"No, listen-"

I screamed as she twisted my arms back until I was sure my bones were about to snap from the pressure.

"I-have-no-magic!" I prayed that she would hear my wheezing beneath her heavy breaths.

She paused and let go of me, sending me falling to the rocky floor. She cocked her head to one side, her fat hands planted on her waist.

"Prove it," she spat.

"Why am I unable to fight you back with magic?" I panted. "If I was an ordinary witch, I could put a spell on you."

"You might be waiting until I bring you to the king to display your magic."

I shook my head furiously and gripped the walls, struggling to get back to my feet. She kicked me in the chest, knocking the wind right out of me and sending me crashing back down to the ground.

The door to our right creaked open and a deep voice rumbled through the hall.

"What is all this?"

A looming figure stood in the doorway.

"Your Highness, please, be care-"

"Out of my way, Mogda!"

Brushing Mogda aside, the figure walked over to me. Strong hands gripped the back of my neck and pulled me to my feet. I found myself looking into the bright orange eyes of a creature who looked very different from any ogre I'd ever come across. He was tall and slim, and although he had brown leathery skin, his features were more humanlike: a straighter, thinner nose, sharp jawline, no tusks. He had a regal appearance about him and was almost handsome.

"Your Highness," I stuttered, taking the opportunity to speak before Mogda interrupted me. "I travelled here to offer service to your mighty kingdom. I am a witch, but I was born without magic. I was banished from my realm. That's why I seek refuge here."

It was hard to read the king's expression as he stared down at me. Was it disbelief in his eyes? Contemplation?

Finally, his grip loosened. He turned his back on me and bellowed, "Anselm! Come here!"

Another ogre-if he could be considered an ogre-appeared at the door. The resemblance between the two of them was striking, although Anselm was younger. I assumed that he was the king's son. The king gripped Anselm's shoulder and pointed down at me.

"This girl claims she is a witch without powers. She tells me she wants to become a servant here. Would you have use for her?" the king asked.

Anselm crossed his arms over his chest.

"Hm. Witch offspring is vile, so she wouldn't be able to provide us with food."

Anselm paused and looked at me again. My heart beat thrice its usual pace.

"You can't do magic," Anselm said. "Your eggs are of no use. What can you do?"

"I'll be a loyal servant," I said, trying to keep my voice steady. "I'll do any menial work that needs to be done around here. All I ask is that you offer me shelter in your kingdom."

They both exchanged glances, took a few steps back and began whispering.

"Elyse!" Anselm called after a few moments.

A tall female stepped out, dressed in an emerald silken gown. Again, like the two males, she had straighter, more elegant features than a normal ogre. She looked down at me with cold grey eyes.

Perhaps the royal family is a different, more intelligent race of ogres.

"What is it?" she asked.

Anselm took her by the hand and pulled her toward him. Elyse's eyes never left mine as Anselm whispered into her ear. Those eyes got cooler and cooler each second they lay on me.

Anselm stepped back and looked at Elyse.

She nodded curtly and said, "We can try her out, I suppose. Though I'm not sure that a scrawny little thing like her could ever handle our children. Mogda, take this witch to their quarters and explain to her what to do. She will serve Elsbeth and Dorian. Attend to their every whim. And dismiss the current minder-she isn't doing a satisfactory job and there is another occupation I have in mind for her."

Mogda nodded. Although she glared at me, she didn't have any choice.

The fat ogress caught hold of my wrist and led me away.

As we left that hall, the king chuckled. "Let's see how long this one lasts with my grandchildren..."

I need to always remember that no matter how bad things get here, it will still be better than the life I risk living if he finds me.

Chapter 5: Kiev

It was close to dawn by the time I arrived at the coordinates Matteo had given me. But I saw nothing but black ocean for miles. Being protected by the witches' spell-at least, if it was the same spell that had been cast over The Shade back in the human world-I wasn't able to detect any sounds either. There were no signs of life anywhere. No boat that might indicate I was near their residence.

It was clear that the only way I stood a chance of discovering the island and reaching those witches was to get the vampires' attention and trick my way inside-something neither Matteo nor his men had ever dared to do.

Matteo always spoke of these vampire as grave enemies. But, at least in theory, they had no way of knowing that I was affiliated with him. I would have to lie that I'd just escaped Aviary or Cruor and was seeking to join their clan. Of course, if they had heard that I'd joined Matteo and Saira, or if they had the slightest suspicion that I might have come to spy on them, they would show me no mercy.

It was a gamble I decided to take.

I made sure that I was directly in the center of the coordinates Matteo had given me for the best chance of being heard. Then I began shouting at the top of my voice:

"I, Kiev Novalic, request entrance."

Despite my shouts, nothing stirred. I considered the possibility that Matteo had got the wrong coordinates entirely. How would he even know the coordinates? They would be almost impossible to calculate accurately, unless he followed their ship up close.

I was about to rein in the dolphins and move to another spot nearby when I heard a loud bump. The boat jerked forward and I almost my balance. I whirled around. A rowing boat had crept up behind me and rammed into the stern of my vessel.

A tall cloaked figure stood in the center of the narrow boat, his long hood casting a shadow over his face. I stood still, tensing my hands and extending my claws, preparing for a fight. But when he displayed no signs of gearing up to attack me, I relaxed my fists a little.

"Show yourself," I demanded.

Clasping his hood between long fingers, he lowered it, revealing the face of a pale, balding old man with a white beard.

A vampire.

"Novalic." His voice rasped. He bowed his head as he spoke my name.

I stared at him, barely blinking. I tried to remember if I had ever seen him before, and what I could have possibly done to deserve his reverence. But I couldn't find his face in any memory I had. I could only assume that he knew that Kiev Novalic was one of the Elders' original children.

"You're a vampire of The Black Bell?" I asked.

He nodded, his eyes still fixed on me, almost in wonderment.

"You want entrance into The Shade?"

"What?" My insides flipped.

"The Shade," he replied. "Our island."

Oh... So that's what they call it. I felt sure that the Novaks' island in the human realm predated the time these vampires would have set up here, so they must have named it after the legend.

"Yes," I replied, brushing aside my surprise and composing myself. "Take me there."

I expected him to ask me why and on what grounds I wanted entrance. But he asked not a single question. Instead, he stepped back and gestured to the point where our boats were touching.

I shot one more stare at him, then fastened the dolphins securely to my boat so they wouldn't separate from it. I hoped that these animals were trained enough to not wander too far from where their master left them. Mona's dolphins had been.

Then, without further delay, I stepped on board his boat. He gave me a half smile and sat down on a bench in the center of the boat. He grabbed two oars and began rowing. I stood at the stern so I could keep an eye on him whilst at the same time looking around at our surroundings.

He rowed in silence for about half a mile before he stopped. He let the boat drift on the waves as he engineered a ninety-degree turn. Then he continued rowing in that direction for several more minutes. Finally, in the blink of an eye, where there had been nothing but an endless expanse of dark ocean, there was the silhouette of a large dark island surrounded by tall, thick trees. A gust of wind caught my hair, bringing with it a strong scent of tree bark.

I breathed in deeply and closed my eyes. Chills ran through me as the memory of Sofia Novak filled my mind. Queen of The Shade. I wondered if she still lived there now that her husband was a human-whether she might be living in an island almost identical to the one I was approaching now.

"We've arrived," the vampire said, breaking through my thoughts.

The boat shuddered as we hit the sand. Looking around, I stepped out cautiously and followed him across the beach and into the darkness of the forest. I looked up at the tree tops, half expecting to see tree houses perched up there. But there were none.

All was silent, except for the occasional screech of a bat or squawking of a bird in the trees.

Focus now, Kiev. Focus.

The first thing I had to do was make sure that my life wasn't at risk on the island. Once I had the vampires' trust, it would be easier for me to venture out and possibly find the witches' location.

Kidnapping a witch against her will was out of the question. Unless she co-operated, I had no chance of getting out alive-not to speak of having her cast a protective spell over Matteo's island. I'd have to win one over, perhaps on the promise of a better life.

I was beginning to wonder where exactly the vampire was leading me. Just as I was about to question him, an opening came into view about a mile down the winding forest path. Once out in the open, I found myself standing at the foot of a tall black castle. It was massive and ornately carved, with a single wide turret reaching into the sky.

I followed the vampire through a small courtyard and up the castle's steps. He withdrew a large key from his cloak and opened the double doors. I shivered as I looked around the empty entrance hall. Although this castle didn't look much like the one that had served as my prison for centuries in The Blood Keep, buildings like this always made me nervous.

A grand red-carpeted staircase in the middle of the hall led upstairs. Colorful tapestries hung from the walls, and all the curtains were drawn. The place seemed well lit-dozens of lanterns hanging from the walls-not gloomy like my Elder's home. It exuded comfortable luxury, rather than cold opulence. It was obvious that this castle was all the witches' conjuring. No group of vampires could have constructed such an elaborate building on this remote island without help.

I was so surprised that it took a few moments for the obvious to strike me.

"Where are the other vampires?" I asked.

"They're on a trip. They're not due back for about a day. You're welcome to stay until they return."

I couldn't have arrived at a better time. For whatever reason, this old man saw me as no threat, and he didn't seem to be asking questions. That meant that while the others were gone, I might have free rein over exploring the place. He didn't seem to be the type to get in my way. And the vampires would have had to leave at least one witch behind to keep up the spell.

"Who is in charge of this island? Do you have a leader?" I asked.

He opened his mouth to speak, but then hesitated, as if thinking better of what he was about to say.

"The Lord and Lady," was all the reply he offered.

He might as well have remained silent, for his cryptic answer told me nothing about who they were. I didn't press, however.

Instead I said, "I'll wait. You'll provide me with a room here?"

"Of course," he said, looking taken aback that I'd even ask such a question of him. "Follow me."

He led me up the carpeted staircase to the level upstairs, which was just as lavish, with its crystal chandeliers hanging from the ceiling. We continued climbing upward until we reached one of the highest floors. We had already climbed up into the turret, and looking out of a window, I saw that there was only one more level above us.

"Our Lord and Lady occupy the highest floor of the turret, while this floor here is for guests of honor."

I nodded with approval.

"How many vampires live here in total?"

"About fifty," he replied.

It seemed a tiny number given the spaciousness of this castle.

He stopped outside a door at the end of a corridor and opened it. I followed him inside. The room contained a king-sized bed and had an ensuite bathroom. There were cabinets and a table and chair in the corner. Deep red velvet curtains hung by the windows and the bed sheets were made of silk. Like everywhere else in the castle, the room exuded comfort.

I walked over to the window. It offered a view of the forest and the sea in the distance. It was dawn now, and like in the real Shade back in the human realm-Sofia's Shade-I could see where the boundary of the witches' spell started, keeping the sun's rays out.

"Are you hungry?" the old man asked.

I turned away from the window to face him. "No," was my immediate response, for I hadn't been hungry for several days due to my splitting headache.

That was when I realized that the migraine and the coughing had vanished. I tried to think back to when I'd last experienced either and realized that it was while I was on the rowing boat, just before I entered the boundary of the island.

It must be a coincidence.

"Actually, I could eat something," I said. Now that my headache had subsided, I was hungry. Ravenous, in fact.

"I'll bring you up a meal. Make yourself comfortable."

"No, I'll come with you," I said, seeing it as an opportunity for a guided tour.

"As you wish," he said.

I followed him out of the room and we climbed back down to the ground floor. We reached a trapdoor near the back of the building.

"I'll be back in a moment," he said.

As soon as the trapdoor opened, the unmistakeable smell of human blood came flooding out. My mouth salivated instantly. It'd been so long since I'd tasted human blood, every cell in my body was crying out for it. Screams echoed out of the dark dungeon below, along with the clinking of chains against metal.

The vampire emerged with a young man. He pulled him toward me by the scalp while the boy struggled to break free.

"This one is freshest. Newly in," the vampire said with a small grin. "That's why he's fighting more. He's young too. His blood will be sweet."

He pushed the boy toward me. I grabbed him by the arms and stared at him. It took all the restraint I had to not immediately rip my teeth through his throat.

"Please! No!" he screamed.

"What are you waiting for?" the vampire asked, raising an eyebrow at me.

What am I waiting for?

I gripped the back of his head and pushed the boy onto the floor, crushing my body against him to stop his violent wriggling. I lowered my head to his neck, breathing in his delicious scent. And then I drank. And drank. With each gulp I took, energy rushed through me.

Once I'd finished, I stood up and the vampire picked up the corpse from the floor.

"Satisfied?" the vampire asked me.

I nodded.

"Well. Now that you've finished your meal, I have matters to attend to. I trust you know your way back to your room."

I nodded again, although I had no intention of returning to my room now. I waited until he'd disappeared before taking off in the opposite direction. I decided to head outside first and walk around the building-see if there were any other buildings attached to it that could possibly belong to the witches-as well as to gain a better perspective of the size and area of the castle.

But just before I reached the door, I stopped short. I'd just caught sight of myself in a tall mirror that hung near the entrance. Reaching a hand to my face, I squinted and moved closer to the mirror to check that I hadn't imagined it.

I hadn't.

Blood-red eyes gazed back at me.

My headache has vanished.

My eyes are back to red.

What is this place?

Chapter 6: Mona

"Who's this?"

The young girl sat on a four-poster bed with a wooden board on her lap, her purple eyes gazing at me suspiciously as soon as I entered her chamber. She had the same elegant features as her mother, but the first thing about her that caught my attention was a bruise on the side of her cheek.

Mogda pushed me further into the chamber.

"This is your new servant, my lady."

The girl frowned and pushed herself off the end of the bed, padding across the floor toward me. Mogda gripped my shoulder and pushed me down on my knees as soon as the girl approached.

"Show some respect," Mogda hissed.

The girl reached out her hand and brushed my face with her thin fingers. Then she withdrew it and took a step back. She returned to the bed, sat down, and turned her back on me, apparently having lost interest in me already.

I looked back at Mogda for any direction as to what I should do next. She offered me no guidance, instead sitting herself down on a stool in the corner and watching me with beady eyes. I stood awkwardly, watching the little girl.

I cleared my throat.

"My name's Mona," I said.

She didn't respond. She continued drawing on her board with charcoal. I dared walk round to her side of the bed and steal a look at what she was working on. It was a depiction of a large black mountain.

"Where's your brother?" I asked, crossing my arms over my chest and trying to act casually.

The little girl shrugged, not even bothering to look up from her drawing.

I looked over at Mogda again. She scowled, but still kept her lips sealed.

"What am I supposed to do?" I asked, walking over to the ogress. "Lady Elyse said that you were supposed to guide me."

Mogda sighed. "Your job here is not to talk to the children. Your job is to stay here and take orders. If they need something, they will ask it of you. Your job is to fulfill their request, no matter what it is. Don't ask questions. It's not required of you. Speak only when you are spoken to. And don't interfere with what goes on in here, whatever they get up to. No matter what you see." She looked at me sternly. "Trust me, you'll be better off that way."

Her words had only made me feel more nervous, but I looked back at the ogress and nodded.

"I'm going to leave now," Mogda said. "I have duties to attend to."

Mogda left the room and gently closed the door behind her. I stared at the door until the sound of her plodding footsteps had disappeared.

Then I turned back to look at the girl. Since she remained seated on the bed, I went and sat in Mogda's stool.

An hour passed in complete silence. The warmth of the room began to weigh heavily on my eyelids. I hadn't slept properly for days. Once I rested my head on the windowsill, it didn't take long for me to doze off.

* * *

I woke to the door crashing open. A boy sped in and ran over to the bed. I jolted upright, cursing myself beneath my breath for falling asleep on duty. The boy hadn't noticed me at first, but when he did, he stopped short and stared at me.

"You're our new servant?" He raised a brow as he looked at me. He looked no older than thirteen, though he was taller than me. I found his presence intimidating for such a young age.

I nodded, composing myself. I hoped that he hadn't noticed that I'd been sleeping.

"Where's my sister?" he asked.

His words alarmed me. I looked over at the empty bed.

"I... I don't know. She was just in here..."

He rolled his eyes at me and walked through a door at the back of the room. I followed and stopped just outside what appeared to be a bathroom, peeking through the crack in the doorway.

Elsbeth was curled up in a corner while the boy towered over her.

"What are you doing in here?" Dorian's voice was aggressive. "I told you to wait in your room until I got back. I told you to stop hiding from me."

The girl whimpered. He clenched his fists, and for a second I thought he was about to strike her. Instead he gripped her jaw. She struggled as he lifted her up the wall by the neck and stared into her eyes.

"Why weren't you waiting for me in there?"

She whimpered more. Anger bubbled up inside me and I was about to burst in when he let go of her. She sank to the ground, sobbing.

"How many times do I have to warn you? How will we ever be ready in time if you keep disobeying me?"

He swung the door open before I had a chance to return to my seat. He stared at me.

"What are you looking at?" he asked, his eyes narrowing on me.

I said nothing. I just stared back at him until he stormed into his bedroom, which was connected to Elsbeth's by another door the other side of Elsbeth's bed. I went into the bathroom and approached the girl. She had her head buried in her arms. I tentatively brushed a hand over her hair.

She fell silent and flinched as soon as I touched her.

"Are you all right, Elsbeth? Elsbeth?"

She lifted her head and stared blankly at the opposite wall. I dared bend down to grip her arm and pull her up, but she resisted me.

"Leave me alone!" she screamed.

I jumped back in shock. Taking one last look at her trembling form, I left.

I need to find Mogda. I need to tell her what's going on in here. Elsbeth's parents need to know how her brother is treating her.

As I approached the exit, something rammed into me, sending me crashing against the cold stone floor. My head reeling, I looked up to see the young boy on top of me, his strength terrifying. He reached for my neck and gripped it hard.

"What did you just do to make my sister scream?" he hissed, his pupils dilating with rage. "What did you do?" He spat in my face. "Know your place. Know that I will have you thrown out-or worse-if I catch you interfering again. And don't even think about going to my parents. I'll warn you only once."

He released his hold on my neck and gave me one last glare before returning to his room, slamming the door behind him.

My whole body trembled as I pushed myself back against the wall. Clutching my windpipe, I breathed in heavily. Once I'd calmed down, my shock was replaced with outrage and frustration at the hold this boy had over the young girl.

What is this place?

Chapter 7: Kiev

After hours of searching, I concluded that the castle was the only building on the island. Unlike The Shade back in the human realm, this place was covered entirely by forest, with the exception of a few clearings. There were no mountains, and the hub of all activity seemed to be the castle. I assumed that the witches must be somewhere inside there too.

Narrowing my list of places to search down to the castle helped somewhat, but the castle was so big for such a small number of vampires that it was still a task to look through.

I ran from room to room-even searching in closets and under beds-but I didn't find them.

The only place left for me to search was the top floor-the Lord and Lady's chamber. These were the most spacious and comfortable of all the living quarters, but still I found no sign of any witches.

As a last resort, I ran down to the dungeon from which the vampire had retrieved my meal. The dungeon was huge, and the humans-men and women-were kept in cages in the dark. As soon as I opened the trapdoor, light flooded down and they screamed, crawling to the back of their cells.

As I scanned the underground chamber, I couldn't fathom where they got all these humans from. I had been told before that there weren't many humans in this world of supernaturals that Cruor hadn't already snatched up for themselves.

Brushing the thought aside, I finished searching the dungeon and, still not finding anything, I decided to head back up. It seemed that I might have to ask the vampire after all. I had wanted to avoid this in case he became suspicious. But time was running out.

I decided to go back outside and walk around the island one more time, in case I had rushed my search too much before and missed something. Then, if I still haven't found them, I'll just have to ask the vampire.

I exited the castle and walked back through the woods until I reached the beach. As I was about to begin walking along the sand, I heard something that chilled me to the bone.

Someone calling my name.

"Kiev... Kiev."

Matteo. No!

I had suspected that he might come to search for me. Furious, I whirled around toward his voice.

Beyond the boundary, Matteo stood in a boat along with Lorena and three other vampires, all looking around blindly, completely oblivious to the island right in front of them.

I dove into the water and swam as close as I could to them without crossing the boundary. If I crossed it, I would have no way of getting back in. I'd have to call the vampire again, and that might cause suspicion. I couldn't risk that.

"Matteo, shut up!" I hissed.

He fell silent immediately and looked toward my voice. I feared that the old vampire could have already heard Matteo's shouts.

"It's me. Kiev. Go away. Leave this place. I'm safe. They don't seem to know I'm affiliated with you. Just trust that I will do all in my power to bring a witch back with me before the end of three days..."

I stopped short, as a pain seared through my skull. I groaned.

"What's wrong?" Matteo said, his voice quieter this time.

"Quiet!" I hissed, closing my eyes shut and biting my lower lip. The migraine had returned tenfold. It was a feat just to string a short sentence together. "Just g-go... Now! I will return to you with a witch. I... I promise you."

My promise seemed to assure Matteo, and he nodded.

"Thank you, Kiev," he whispered.

Without making another sound, he turned the boat around and sped off into the waves.

Struggling to keep myself afloat, I somehow managed to swim back to the beach where I crawled onto the sand, lying on my back and panting. But the minute I had climbed out of the water, my migraine disappeared just as suddenly as it had arrived.

What in the world...

I stood up and stared at the ground, frowning.

Can this really be a coincidence?

Chapter 8: Mona

I spent the night curled up in the tiny cupboard Mogda had given me to sleep in-just a few meters away from the royal siblings' chambers-listening to Elsbeth sob herself to sleep.

I breathed out in relief when there was a knock at the door the next day. As soon as Mogda opened the door, I walked out of the room before she could step in.

"I need to speak with you," I whispered.

She looked at me curiously.

"I can't do this," I said. "I can't sit in there and watch the way that monster is treating his sister. I don't know what he's doing to her, but if I stay up here, I'm going to interfere. Do you know what is going on with him?"

She looked scared and shook her head. "You want me to give you a different job?"

I nodded. "Please."

She scowled. "You were only just given this job."

"Please." I clutched her heavy arm and shook it.

She shrugged me off and sighed. "All right. I'll find you something to do. Come with me."

I followed her down several staircases and along dozens of dark corridors. We didn't stop until we had arrived back in the same hall that contained the entrance to the dungeon I'd been thrown in when I first arrived on the island. But rather than descending back down into that dungeon, Mogda opened a door on the opposite side of the room. It led to a narrow set of stairs. We descended and reached yet another door at the bottom. She creaked the door open.

I gasped and clasped a hand to my mouth.

The brightly lit room contained rows and rows of human infants spread out on wide, long wooden tables. Each lay in its own straw cot and was wrapped up in a blanket-many of them crying, while others slept.

Ogres ran in and out through another door at the other end of the chamber, grabbing several baskets of babies at a time and running back out into the room next door.

"It's almost breakfast time for the royals," she grumbled. She breathed in deeply, her face twisting into a scowl. "The rest of us are stuck with animal meat."

For the royals.

"No," I gasped, stumbling out of the room and leaning against the wall in the staircase outside. "Give me something other than this. Anything other than this."

She rolled her eyes again and stomped her foot. "Listen to me, little girl. If you're going to live here, you're going to have to get used to how we live. How do you expect to stay here if you are so squeamish about everything?"

"Just... just give me something else," I stammered, placing a palm over my forehead, trying to ease the queasiness bubbling in my stomach.

"One last duty I'll offer you. If you reject that too, I give up. I'll go to the king and explain that you're too much trouble and are interfering with my own duties."

"All right." Nothing else she could offer me would be as horrific as what I'd just witnessed.

We climbed the stairs and returned to the dark hall. This time, she unlocked the door to the dungeon where all the women were kept. Several women looked up as we entered, scurrying to the back of their cells and whimpering. Many of them looked up at me with desperate eyes as we walked.

It's a wonder any of them survive until childbirth in these conditions.

We reached a door at the other end of the cavernous chamber and entered though it. In this room were more humans-this time, all of them male. There were far fewer men than women in the room we'd just left.

She stopped once we reached the opposite wall of this chamber and entered a smaller connected room that contained a large metal container and other cleaning equipment.

"Your job is to clean this dungeon and also the one next door," she said. "You don't need to clean inside the cells-I don't trust you enough to give you the keys to them yet-just clean everything else you can reach outside. These floors are so slippery, even I have slipped up a few times in here going about my way."

"All right," I breathed. "I can do this."

She looked at me, unimpressed. "Good, because I'm not going to be indulging you in any more of your whims. Now get to work. I'll come down and tell you when you can have a break. Don't stop work until then."

I nodded and the ogress walked away. I exited the small utility room and took a closer look at the cells surrounding me in the male dungeon.

Many of the men who had previously been dozing had woken up. Although they appeared to be fitter and healthier than the women, their faces betrayed what weary souls they had.

Feeling uncomfortable under their gaze, I walked back into the washing room, filled the basin with water and picked up a mop. I began to work in the furthest corner of the dungeon until I could no longer avoid walking close to the cells. I tried to avoid eye contact with the men as much as I could, but by the time I had reached the third cell, one of them spoke to me.

"Excuse me," he said, his voice hoarse.

I couldn't help but look up at him: a man of no more than thirty years. Though his eyes looked like he had seen more than any hundred-year-old could have. From his features, he had once been handsome.

He reached his hand through the bars and stretched out his fingers to reveal a folded-up piece of yellowing parchment.

"I wrote this for my wife a year ago." He unfolded the parchment to reveal a note etched with black charcoal he must have found near his cell. "I haven't been allowed to see her since. The ogres who come in here to clean have always ignored my request. Please... you have kind eyes... if you could just give this to her. I need her to read this in case she or I... in case we don't see each other again-"

The man choked up and fell to his knees. Tears spilled from his eyes and rolled down his cheeks onto the dusty floor.

"O-of course. I'll take it to her right away." I took the note from him with trembling hands. "What's the name of your wife?"

"Cherie," he choked.

I nodded and gripped his hand through the bars, hoping he could draw comfort from me even though I felt just as broken as he. I dropped the cleaning equipment and ran across the chamber to the hall next door.

The man is next door to his wife. He hasn't laid eyes on her in a year. I couldn't shake the thought away and it made me shake as I scanned the women's cells.

"E-excuse me," I called out, trying to steady my voice. "Which one of you is Cherie?"

They all looked around at me blankly, so much that I wondered if they had understood what I'd said.

"Please shout out if your name is Cherie!"

Silence followed again. Then a faint voice called out from the center of the chamber. "I can help." A short blonde woman raised a feeble hand in the air.

I made my way toward her. "Cherie?"

She looked at me with hollow eyes.

"No. She died three months ago."

I dropped the note and gripped the bars as my knees buckled beneath me.

Chapter 9: Kiev

After searching the island a second time and still having no luck, I decided that I had no other choice but to seek out the vampire. On entering the castle, however, I stopped in my tracks.

Sitting at the bottom of the wide staircase in the hall was a girl. She wore a long purple dress, her hands folded on her lap. She stood up abruptly as soon as she saw me enter and began to hurry away toward the other side of the room.

"Wait!" I caught up with her before she disappeared through the back door of the hall. I twisted her around to face me. She flinched but didn't struggle. I stared down at her, taking in her appearance.

She was a plain girl. Light blue eyes, curly brown hair, and a soft, round face that indicated she was perhaps shy by nature. Now that I was closer, I realized that she was much younger than I had initially thought. She couldn't have been older than eighteen.

"Who are you?" she asked, staring up at me.

"I'm a guest of honor here."

"Damion never mentioned anything about any guests arriving," she muttered.

Damion must be the vampire who took me in.

"My name is Kiev Novalic."

Her lips parted in a gasp.

"Kiev Novalic," she whispered. She eyed me closely for several moments. I tried to read her expression, and could have sworn that I saw a flicker of attraction in her eyes. Eventually, she composed herself and asked, "What do you want?"

"I... I'm looking for somebody to show me around," I said. "I just arrived a short while ago."

"Why me?" She looked up at me coyly.

"I doubt I'll find a prettier girl here than you to keep me company."

She blushed a little.

"May I?" I asked, holding out my hand.

She hesitated, but then slipped her arm through mine. We walked out the door, through the courtyard and straight toward the woods, in the direction of the beach. My mind worked furiously as to what my plan of action could possibly be. I knew I couldn't use any kind of force, or she could disappear into thin air. I had to somehow convince her to come with me. I had to think of some excuse, some reason why I wanted to take her to Matteo's island.

Once we were there. I had no idea how I'd persuade her to stay. But one step at a time. First just get her off this island.

In the meantime, it was vital that I keep her interested in me. She already seemed quite taken with me-for whatever reason, she was impressed with Kiev Novalic. And blushing at my compliment was a good sign that she was easily impressed. Much easier to get through to than that other witch.

"What's your name?" I asked.

"Celice," she replied.

"Are you and Damion the only ones on this island?"

"No. My two older sisters are here too. I... I'm... we're witches. In case you didn't realize."

"Oh, really?" I said, widening my eyes. "I suspected you might be human... your blood smells so sweet."

She exhaled, but from the smile creeping across her lips, she took it as another compliment. I bent down and breathed into her neck, inhaling her scent.

As we walked deeper into the forest, I placed my arm round her waist and pulled her against me. Again, she didn't resist, but rather seemed pleased by my advances.

This might just be easier than I thought.

"Actually, showing me around was just an excuse to take a walk with you," I said in my huskiest voice. "I think you're beautiful. I'd like to go on a boat ride with you and show you my dolphins."

She stopped short.

Damn. Too much too soon. But I don't have much time. I don't know how long I'll be able to spend alone with her. I also don't know if her sisters will be this amenable. I've got to give this all that I've got.

"But... I don't know you," she stuttered.

"Ah, but I think you know more about me than you're admitting to," I whispered. "Isn't that true?"

"It's true, I suppose... and if you're anything-"

She paused.

"Anything?" I reached for her face and lifted her chin up toward me. She was hiding something from me.

"Nothing..."

"Tell me, Celice." I ran my hands down her back, drawing her closer against my chest.

Suddenly she spluttered out, "It's just that they always steal the best-looking men for themselves!"

She betrayed at that moment what she was-a hot-headed teenager. The second she realized how those words sounded spoken out loud, she looked mortified.

"Who steals them?" I asked.

"My sisters," she sighed. "I'm always stuck living in their shadow."

I lifted both hands to her face and caressed her heated cheeks with my thumbs.

"I understand how you feel, Celice. And do you know a way that they'll never take me away from you? Come with me. Because I can't promise that I also won't fall for their charms..."

She looked agitated just at the thought of it. This girl is more desperate than a drowning cat.

"Come away with me, Celice." I ran my hands through her hair and gently massaged her scalp. She closed her eyes and parted her lips. I pressed my mouth against the base of her neck. "Then I'll be yours. All yours. And only yours. No one will ever take me away."

She seemed so naive-so full of gusto to outdo her sisters-that she might have agreed to any proposal that came out of my mouth.

She was on the verge of answering me when two female voices shouted out from the distance. The voices drifted through the woods, from the direction of the castle.

"Celice! Girl, where are you? They're back early! Come here."

No.

No.

I looked at Celice. This really could be my last chance. Everything would be ten times harder once the vampires arrived back on the island. And I doubted that her elder sisters would ever approve of me taking her-they would be older and wiser, and would become suspicious, unlike this naive girl.

"Listen to me, Celice," I breathed into her ear. "Why don't you come with me? I'll take you now. We'll go somewhere we can be together. Alone. Your sisters will never steal me from you. I'll be yours all day... and all night..."

I gave her the most smoldering gaze I could manage before pressing my mouth against hers and kissing her slowly and tenderly. I let my lips linger against hers for several moments.

If that doesn't do it, nothing will.

I breathed out a deep sigh of relief when she said, "Very well. Have your wicked way with me... Novalic." She grinned mischievously. I'd sparked exactly what I'd needed to in this repressed teenager. Recklessness. Rebellion.

As soon as she uttered the words, I scooped her up in my arms and raced toward the beach.

"Who goes there?"

This time, it was a male voice.

But not that of Damion.

It came from behind me. I whirled around to see a crowd of vampires walking toward us along the sand. The great ship that was The Black Bell was moored in the distance behind them.

"It's them! The Lord and Lady!" Celice squealed. "Kiev, hurry! I can make us vanish if you tell me..."

But I no longer heard what she was saying. Her voice faded away into the distance. I found myself rooted to the spot. For the Lord and Lady had just swept back their hoods, revealing their faces.

I lost all strength in my arms and Celice tumbled to the ground.

If I ever truly believed that I was trapped inside a dream, it was then.

Chapter 10: Mona

I ran back upstairs to my room. I slammed the door shut and slid down to the floor. All the tears that I had kept pent up for the past few days came rushing out.

I had left my cleaning duties before Mogda had given me permission. If I am to be punished for it, so be it. I couldn't stand one more minute in those dungeons.

I crawled over to my straw mattress and laid down my head, looking up at the damp ceiling.

What the hell was I expecting? I shouldn't have expected anything less than this from these monsters.

I didn't know what was worse about being in that place-witnessing all the misery, or the fact that I was powerless to do anything about it.

I realized that it was the latter. What tormented me more than the horrors that went on within the bowels of these mountains was that I had to stand by and watch. And in standing by, it felt like I was supporting their atrocities.

I couldn't get that man out of my head. He must be sitting in that dark cell, waiting with his hands clenched for me to return and tell him that I'd delivered his note. I was too cowardly to go back there and inform him of the bad news. He would still be hoping that his wife was still alive and that he might one day be able to see her again. I supposed that it was kinder not to tell him the truth.

My heart leapt into my throat as a shrill scream echoed from down the corridor.

That scream made all my hairs stand on end. It made every nerve in my body tingle. It brought all my fury and frustration boiling to the surface.

I couldn't contain it any longer.

"Elsbeth!"

I flung my door open and raced down the corridor toward Elsbeth's room. It was empty. The sounds were coming from Dorian's room. I pushed his door open and inhaled sharply. Dorian had his sister pinned on the bed, a blade poised in the air, threatening to strike her. She screamed and struggled beneath his grip.

"Stop fighting. I warn you, Elsbeth," he hissed down at her.

I saw red.

Launching forward with all the force my body could muster, I threw myself against Dorian. It wasn't my strength that sent him crashing to the floor, but my speed and the element of surprise. Before he could get to his feet again, I jumped down on top of him, knocking his head against the floor. I stamped on his back and crushed his hand against the floor with my heel. He cried out and released the dagger. I picked it up, and without a second thought, drove it right into the back of his neck.

Dark blood splattered everywhere as his life force drained from him.

It was only once he became still that I realized the gravity of what I'd just done. I looked at Elsbeth, and saw nothing but relief... which soon turned to panic.

"Come with me!" she whispered urgently. Blood stained my skin, clothes and hair. She grabbed my hand. "You must leave this place before someone comes."

She ran to the bedside table and opened its drawer, retrieving a key. Then she caught my hand and pulled me to the edge of his room, where she moved aside a tapestry, revealing a narrow door. Opening it, she pulled me through and shut it behind us. There was a narrow staircase leading downward. It was dark, and Elsbeth ran forward with alarming speed. It was all I could do to not trip up and fall.

After several minutes, we hit a flat surface. She gripped my hand as she pulled me forward through a series of tunnels.

"Hurry!" she panted. "Faster!"

We ran for what felt like almost half an hour until finally we reached another door. She pulled out a key from her cloak and opened it. We both stumbled into the sunshine of the beach. Blinded by the sun, I staggered around on the sand, trying to scan the coastline.

"I have to leave you here now," Elsbeth gasped.

"What will happen to you?" I asked.

"I'll be all right," she said. "But you must flee. As fast as you can! I don't know how long I can keep his body hidden."

I gripped her head and planted a kiss on her rough sweaty forehead before running off along the beach, trying to keep to the trees lining the border of the beach so that I wasn't in direct view of the mountains.

I ran along the sand until I reached the spot where I had first arrived. I breathed out a sigh of relief to see that my boat was still moored there. I raced across the stony beach and leapt into the boat. Of course, I had no dolphins now. My only option was to grab the oars that were stored beneath the floorboards of the deck and begin rowing.

I rowed for hours, far past the point where my arms felt like they were burning off. I forced myself to move forward until the peaks of the mountains disappeared from view. By this time, I was on the verge of passing out. The oars fell limp in my hands and I lay stretched out on my back, gazing up at the sky which was beginning to darken.

It was becoming cold.

I had no spare clothes-and the clothes that I had were soaked with seawater and blood. I crawled to the cabinet at the front of the boat and breathed out a sigh of relief to find a blanket there. I stripped out of my old clothes and, now completely naked, wrapped myself tightly within the blanket. Then, unable to move my aching limbs anymore, I curled up on the narrow bench in the center of the boat and closed my eyes.

* * *

The sun shone down as we swam in the river. The handsome dark-haired boy surfaced with a small red ruby that he held out to me with outstretched palms.

"Come on, Rhys," I said, shoving his hand away from me. "You can do better than that."

He grinned, before diving back into the river and resurfacing with a sparkling round diamond. He took my hand and placed the gem on my palm. Then, still holding my hand, he pulled me into the river with him.

Before I could make sense of what he was doing, he ducked his head beneath the surface and pulled me down under with him.

We both resurfaced seconds later, gasping.

It was nighttime now. The moon shone overhead.

As we climbed out of the river, I caught sight of a group of witches huddled together over a large black metal pot. Whispering in hushed tones. All wearing black.

I tugged on Rhys.

"I don't like these people," I said.

He looked back at me. "Are you scared, Mona?"

Pride bubbled up within me.

"No," I spat. "I'm not a coward."

"Then come," he said, tugging me forward until we joined the circle.

I gazed into the cauldron they were all gathered round. Reflected in the liquid bubbling was the image of our teacher-the head teacher of our school in The Sanctuary.

It showed her lying in her bed. One of the witches started whispering a strange spell. I'd never heard it before, but I could tell just by the sound of it that it was a chant forbidden to ever be uttered in The Sanctuary.

"Stop," I muttered.

"What?" Rhys looked at me. "Just keep quiet and watch."

Our teacher's body soon began to writhe until she screamed out in pain as our fellow classmates continued to cast their spell.

The teacher shook violently until blood started streaming from every orifice in her body. She writhed for several more minutes until she became still.

I gasped.

"Rhys!"

He turned on me. "You're a coward, Mona."

"I am not!"

"Then prove it."

The river and everyone around me disappeared. The next moment I was wrapped up in something heavy and dark. A cocoon. Just as I felt that I was suffocating, a knife slit through the thick substance directly in front of me, and a face appeared through the hole. Rhys, older-now a man-his eyes blacker than I'd ever seen them.

"Return to me, Mona," he whispered. He was so close, I could feel his cool breath. "I only want what's best for you..."

"No!" I panted, sitting bolt upright. "I can't. Not again..."

It took me a few seconds to remember that I was on my boat. It was a nightmare. My hands were still shaking from the terror that dream had evoked in me. Beads of sweat dripped from my forehead. I pulled the blanket tighter against my shivering body. Breathing deeply, I tried to calm my nerves.

"Calm down, Mona. It was just a dream."

My heart shot into my throat as I whirled around.

A tall silhouette of a man stood at the stern of my boat a few feet away from me.

The man of my nightmare.

The man who'd cursed my life.

Chapter 11: Kiev

"Kiev?"

The Lord and Lady walked closer to me until they were but a step away. I looked at one. Then the other. Then back again. I blinked and rubbed my eyes, expecting the apparitions to disappear. Expecting to wake up.

But the two figures remained. No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't wake myself up. I just continued looking from the green pair of eyes-matching exactly my natural eye color-to the chestnut-brown pair.

"Is... is it really you?" The vampire with brown eyes placed a hand on my shoulder and scrutinized my face.

The young woman with green eyes walked forward, pushing him aside, and ran the back of her cold hand against my face.

"Brother?"

"Helina," I choked, reaching out to touch a strand of her long black hair. I turned to face the young man beside her. "Erik? No... No... It can't be."

I fell to my knees. And they knelt with me. Minutes passed in silence, just staring at each other. Before finally, the bubble shattered.

Emotions I hadn't known still existed within my charred heart flooded out all at once, drowning me. I gripped their heads, holding them close to my chest, as if I was afraid they would vanish any moment and I had to hold on while I could.

I had imagined a reunion between us many times in the past. Until the point came when they would have been a hundred years old. After that, I'd let go of them. They would be dead, and there was no chance I would ever see them again. I stopped even thinking about them.

But whenever I had fantasized about a reunion, never in a million years would I have pictured it like this. And while I was horrified to find them in this state-to discover that they had become vampires-the joy that filled my heart on holding them in my arms was almost impossible to contain.

I kissed their foreheads so hard I grazed their skin with my teeth. But they responded with abandon, squeezing me in their embraces so tightly it was a struggle to breathe.

I studied their faces. Except for his brown eyes, Erik's features were similar to mine. I'd also seen him when he was an adolescent, so he was much more easily recognizable. It was Helina who was a shock. The last I'd seen of her, she'd still been a child. Now she had blossomed into a young woman. It tore at my heart how much her beauty reminded me of our mother. I wondered exactly how old they'd been when they had been... turned. The words sounded so crazy to me.

My siblings. Vampires.

The crowd of vampires who had come with them-and Celice too-had all dispersed by the time we stood up.

"H-how?" I stuttered, my voice still hoarse, my throat feeling sore. It was as if that was the only word in my vocabulary at that moment.

Erik cleared his throat as Helina dried her face with her sleeve. They both looked at me with their wet, bloodshot eyes.

"I was twenty-one, Helina seventeen, when we were turned... I'll start from the beginning." Erik exhaled and chuckled, rubbing his forehead with his hand. "God, this is bizarre. Hundreds of years ago, yet it still feels like yesterday that we left you dying on the carpet."

I gripped Erik's arms.

"Please. Continue," I breathed.

"A-after we rode away, we managed to make it to the city. Though that in itself was a feat-we almost got hijacked on the road-we did make it without being robbed. Uncle was there when we arrived. I offered him payment for five months. He took the money and then showed us upstairs. Early the next morning, Helina and I were woken by the police banging on the door. They accused us of being homeless people who broke into the house to take shelter in the bedroom. We begged Uncle to explain the truth to them. Uncle disowned us. He took the money and kicked us out in the worst possible way."

I swore.

Helina's face contorted at the memory.

"So there we were," Erik continued. "Penniless, possessionless, and on the streets during the coldest time of the year. I tried to get work, but nobody would employ a homeless boy. And Helina was far too young to work. We resorted to stealing. We had no other choice. It paid some of the bills, but we had to scrounge to piece together any kind of decent meal. This went on for years. We couldn't even return to the village because we had no means to."

"We both grew sick," Helina said, her voice trembling. "And more and more desperate each day that went by... Once Erik was older, he got into the company of a band of highway robbers. The loot that he got from those trips was always far more than pickpocketing."

"Helina started accompanying me as soon as she was old enough," Erik continued. "She'd wait behind a tree with backup weapons in case I needed them. We started going to the roads at night regularly, often thrice a week. I rarely had to harm anyone-most just threw me a sack of coins rather than fight. Then one night was... different. I still remember it. A black carriage drawn by two dark steeds drew up in front of me. A woman, a beautiful woman, stepped out. She took pity on me standing out there in the cold, and invited me back home for a warm meal. I agreed, and called Helina to come out of her hiding place and join us. We had unknowingly stepped into a carriage with a vampire... Clara."

"Clara?" My mouth hung open in shock. I'd thought it wasn't possible to hate a woman more than I already hated Clara. "That bitch!"

"She turned us both right there and then," Helina said. "I still remember her words. She said, 'Welcome to the family, Novalics.' I'd found it bizarre that she'd known our surname when Erik had never mentioned it to her."

"But why you two? Of all the people in this world, why did she seek you out?"

Helina and Erik exchanged glasses.

"I suppose it runs in the family," Helina said with a half smile. "The Elder decided he liked you, and he came back for more of your bloodline."

"There's something about our family's blood they like," Erik said. "Us, the Novaks-"

"The Novaks?"

"Yes, Kiev," Helina explained. "We're related to them. We're distant cousins."

I almost choked.

I'm related to Derek Novak.

Can this day get any more absurd?

"How do you know that we're related to the Novaks?" I demanded.

"The Elder told us," Erik replied. "He mentioned it in passing."

My mouth hung open as I tried to let this piece of insanity sink in.

"So... you know all about the Novaks? Is that why you named this island The Shade?"

They both nodded.

"Most vampires know of the legend that is the Shade," Helina said dreamily.

I thought back to all those times I'd felt totally alone under the Elder's iron fist. How much easier it would have made things to know that I had siblings going through the same thing. Although it horrified me, I couldn't deny that now I felt thankful to Clara for doing it.

"Why didn't the Elder ever tell me that he'd turned you? How come I never found out? How come I never saw you once?"

Erik shrugged.

"I suppose that you had enough reason to resent him already," Erik said. "And he sensed that this would damage your relationship further, thus making you more difficult to control. It was easier to just do it all quietly."

Helina reached up to brush my cheek with the back of my hand.

"He told us that he'd turned you into a vampire too," she said. "But he never allowed us to see you, no matter how much we begged."

"But... I was in The Blood Keep almost the whole time. How come I never saw you?"

"We were taken back through the portal to Cruor," Erik explained. "We didn't spend time in The Blood Keep."

I exhaled sharply. "How the hell did you escape that place?"

"Erik!" A female voice echoed through the forest. "Where are you, my love?"

Erik and Helina exchanged glances. Helina grabbed my hand and said, "Come, we'll show you how we escaped."

"Here, Julisse! I'm coming," Erik shouted back.

We walked quickly through the forest until we reached the clearing in front of the magnificent black castle.

Erik gripped my shoulder and pointed to three women standing on the steps.

"Meet Julisse-"

Before Erik could finish his introduction, Julisse ran to Erik and wrapped her arms around his neck, planting a kiss on his lips.

"They'll be a while." Helina smirked. She took my hand and led me toward the remaining to women. "Meet Arielle and Celice... although you seem to have already been acquainted with the youngest of the sisters?" Helina winked.

I cleared my throat awkwardly and nodded. I dared look up at Celice only to catch her glaring daggers at me. I was relieved that she had the decency to keep her mouth shut, and that Helina didn't press for an answer as to what I was doing carrying the witch down on the beach. I let her assume whatever she was assuming.

Arielle bowed before me, and held out her hand. I took it and planted a quick kiss on it. It was clear that all three women were sisters; they shared the same eye color, thick hair, and graceful form.

Then Arielle turned to Helina, and asked, frowning, "Where is Tristan?"

"He's probably still on the ship," Helina replied. "He said he had some repairs to do after our journey."

Arielle nodded and hurried away into the forest we had just exited from.

By this time, Erik and Julisse had finished kissing. I couldn't help but notice that Erik looked younger than the witch. Although nobody could deny her beauty, she appeared to be several years older.

"This angel," Erik said, his arm around Julisse's waist, "and her two sisters helped us escape with their magic. All fifty-one of us."

"Oh?" My tone was that of mild surprise, but I was shocked. To penetrate Cruor-the turf of those evil spirits, where they were at their strongest-was a herculean feat in itself. But to tear fifty of their spawn right from their clutches was another world of strength entirely.

One thing was already clear to me: these were no ordinary witches.

We walked up the steps and entered the castle. We were about to close the grand doors when Tristan-a tall, heavily built vampire with long blond hair-and Arielle came running toward us, their hands intertwined. We all walked together across the hallway and climbed the levels of stairs until we reached my siblings' quarters. Quarters I'd already rummaged through hours before.

We sat in a grand sitting room with a window that overlooked the island and the dark sea beyond. Helina took a jug of blood from the counter and spread out a tray of glasses. She handed one to me and Erik, and placed one on a table for herself. Then, to my utter shock, she handed a glass to each of the witches.

I almost choked on my drink when they downed a gulp. It was the first time in my centuries of living that I had witnessed a witch drinking blood. Human blood at that. I took another sip from my glass to hide the surprise that I knew had spread across my face.

"Didn't the Elders ever try to come after you?" I asked.

"After we escaped," Helina said, "the witches brought us all here to this island. They cast a protective spell that keeps us from harm. The Elders can't enter so long as their spell is up."

Yes. These are no ordinary witches. They have the ability to even keep those spirits out. No wonder Matteo wants one for himself so much.

There was a silence as they all looked at me, and I looked at them. I still couldn't believe that I was sitting in a room with my undead siblings. I was still expecting to wake up from the dream any second.

"And now your story, Kiev," Helina said, smiling. "You must tell us everything."

I breathed in deeply and recounted everything to them. I left out the most harrowing of details. But otherwise I was honest about everything up until the point that I arrived at Aviary.

They gasped and sighed, and Helina got up to squeeze my shoulder and hug me on numerous occasions. I didn't mention anything about Mona or Matteo's island. When asked how I found out about their island, I lied and said that I'd heard the rumor spreading around during my stay in The Tavern that their island was a safe haven for vampires. And that I'd been looking to find it ever since.

Erik frowned. "You travelled for days in a boat, in the open ocean, in the heat of the sun? How the hell did you survive that?"

I looked at him solemnly. "I've survived a lot."

Erik looked like he was about to ask another question, but I changed the subject before he could press further.

"Where did you come back from today?" I asked.

They all exchanged looks.

"That is... a long story. I don't think now's the time for it." Arielle spoke up for the first time, eyeing the others.

"I think you'll like it here, Kiev," Helina interjected quickly. "I really do. You no longer have to be subordinate to any Elders. You're completely free to do whatever you please. With no consequences."

A darkness flickered in her eyes as she licked blood from her lips. It disturbed me deeply that my innocent little sister had become a creature like me.

By the time we'd finished talking, the sun was in the sky-I could see the ocean glistening beyond the spell's boundary.

"Well, I'm exhausted," Erik said. "I think we should all get some rest."

Julisse tugged on his shirt. He stood up and they both walked out of Helina's chambers. I stood up and Helina wrapped her arms around me, wishing me a good sleep.

As I lay in my bed, I had no hope of sleeping. My mind was too alive. Whirring with questions. With doubts. With fears.

But most of all, the promise I had made to Matteo echoed in my ears.

"I'll be back in a few days with a witch. I promise."

Chapter 12: Mona

Hearing Rhys say my name sent shivers down my spine. That deep voice I'd known so well almost felt like a stranger's voice. I hadn't heard it in years.

I'd sworn to myself that I'd be dead before I heard him say my name again.

He reached for his hood and lowered it, releasing dark curls that framed his pale face. His pitch-black eyes glinted in the moonlight.

"No," I breathed. "No."

I shut my eyes tight and, pulling my knees against my chest, buried my head in my arms.

I'm still dreaming. This is just a nightmare. I just need to wake up.

Wake up, Mona. Wake up.

The floorboards creaked as he neared me, and his heavy leather boots thudded.

Wake up. Please, God, let me wake up.

His deep breathing came directly above me. I dared not open my eyes and look up.

"Don't you miss having purpose to your life?" His voice rumbled through the night air. Each syllable was a dagger in my wounded soul.

I remained silent, my rasping breathing filling my ears.

"Or have you convinced yourself that you find pleasure in this wretched life you're living?"

I felt him bend down to my level. I trembled as he reached out a hand and placed it on a bare patch of shoulder that the blanket wasn't large enough to cover.

"You're freezing."

He removed his thick black cloak and motioned to wrap it around me. I jerked backward, struggling to keep the blanket covering me as I moved.

"Leave me," I whispered.

"Leave you?" His voice had become dangerously quiet. "To perish here in the ocean? For a ship of ogres to find you once day breaks? Sometimes I think you don't realize what a gift you've been given. The honor that's been bestowed upon you just by being born as one of our kind. You take too much for granted."

I couldn't find words to respond. All I knew was that, no matter what, I couldn't let myself fall back into his arms.

"I can fulfill your every need," Rhys continued, pacing up and down in front of me. "I can show you a life most can't even dream of. Is surrender such a big price to pay in return for that? Pride always was your greatest weakness. It blinds you from seeing what's good for you. What's in your best interest."

I bit my lip, keeping my mouth shut. I wished I could cover my ears from his poison, but doing so would mean the blanket falling away from me. I tried to bury my head against my arms, but his words still leaked through.

Before I could react, he reached around me and fastened the cloak over me. Then, taking hold of the damp blanket beneath it, he pulled it away from me. I held on tight to the cloak to not reveal myself to him. But he didn't stop at the removal of the blanket. His hand crept up to my thigh where he rested it for several seconds. The area became instantly warm. I realized what was happening. Looking down in horror, I gasped.

I'd tried to forget the brand-a thorny pitch-black rose-was ever imprinted on my body. I'd thought it had finally disappeared from my years of scrubbing away at it.

But now that Rhys' cool fingers ran along it, it emitted a dull red glow, coming alive beneath his touch. Finally, he removed his hand and showed me his palm. His brand-identical to mine, in the center of his palm-glowed red too.

"We bonded ourselves for a reason," he said softly, his face barely a few inches from mine. The intensity of his black eyes made my breath hitch. I wanted to look away, but something about them had arrested me completely. "Do you not remember that? What happened to your fire, Mona? We used to be so good together. We accomplished... so much."

I stood up, knocking his hand away from me. Turning my back on him, I looked out toward the ocean.

"You think you know why I want you back," he continued. "Yes, since we are bound, it can't be denied that we are stronger when we are together in service of the Ancients. But more than that... I do still love you, Mona."

I never loved you. We were childhood friends, and all you ever did was take advantage of that history we shared.

I shivered as he slid his hands around my waist and breathed against the nape of my neck.

"I can make this nightmare disappear," he whispered into my ear.

You are the nightmare.

"I can give you back your powers. Give you back your life. Nobody you care about needs to be harmed again. All I'm asking you is to come back with me. Come home, my queen."

I didn't know that I had a choice anymore.

I don't know anything anymore.

In that moment, I felt weaker than I'd ever felt in my life. All my resolve disintegrated as his strong hands enveloped mine.

I felt exhausted from resisting what seemed destined to be. I'd tried to live apart from him. God knew, I'd tried. It had only ever ended in disaster-harming those around me I loved most. My parents. My sisters. Brothers. Cousins. My entire family... and then that vampire.

There was no way to save my family, but maybe, if I gave myself up now, Kiev would still survive. Maybe he wasn't dead already. Maybe it wasn't too late to save him.

Rhys always did speak of sacrifice for the greater good of our kind.

I'd not accepted until today that maybe it was time to surrender.

Perhaps it's just time to accept that I am that sacrifice.

Chapter 13: Kiev

A few hours later, my front door opened and shut. I climbed out of bed to see Celice walking toward me, wearing a silk nightgown. Her dark hair hung down to her shoulders.

"Shh," she said, raising a finger to her lips. "It's quiet in the castle now. Almost everyone is in bed. We could leave now. Nobody would know."

I stared into her determined brown eyes. She was right. I could take her now. We'd disappear into the night. I thought about what a difference she would make to Matteo and everyone else's lives at their island. No more watching over the walls. No more living on edge, in fear of Elders deciding to come for them. No more attacks. No more living underground to hide from the sun in those filthy tunnels. After everything I'd put him through, I couldn't let him down.

"Just say the word," she whispered, approaching me closer and standing on her tiptoes, wrapping her arms around me. "I'll make us disappear."

I didn't know how my siblings would react if I told them that I was in alliance with Matteo. That I'd sworn to lead their island to sanctuary. And part of this was that they needed a witch.

They're your siblings, Kiev. Even if they are enemies with Matteo, they should grant you this request because you're their brother.

I detached her hands from my neck and placed them by her sides.

"Not yet," I said.

"Why not?" she said, crossing her arms across her chest and stamping her foot on the ground.

"I need to speak to my brother and sister. I can't just leave with you without gaining their permission."

"They don't control me," she seethed. "I don't need their permission for anything."

I rolled my eyes at her indignation.

"All right, not permission. Blessing. They're my siblings. I've just found them after hundreds of years. I can't do this behind their backs."

"But-"

"Celice," I said, gripping her arm and glaring at her. "I will take you away from here. I promise you that. I just need some time. I'll speak to them as soon as they wake."

She glared back at me, then reluctantly nodded.

She turned to leave, but just before she did, she looked back at me and said, "You'd better keep that promise, Kiev."

Now that's two promises I've made.

I have to do this.

As soon as she left, I too left the room. I headed upstairs to see if I could hear any noises coming from either my sister's or my brother's rooms. As it turned out, Helina's door was ajar.

I knocked.

"Who is it?" she called.

"Kiev."

She swung the door wide open and pulled me inside. She stood in her dressing gown as she shut the door behind us.

"Take a seat."

I didn't sit. Instead I paced up and down the lounge. She looked at me, hands on her hips, frowning.

"What's wrong?"

I couldn't hold it in any longer.

"Is Erik awake yet?"

"I don't know."

"Can you bring him here?"

"All right, but what is the matter?"

"Just bring him here."

She hurried out of the room and returned a few minutes later with my brother, who was also sporting a black velvet dressing gown. He sat on the sofa in front of me. Helina sat beside him.

"I lied to you about what brought me to this island," I said, sighing.

They both raised their eyebrows in surprise.

"I came to steal away a witch from you. Celice has already agreed to come with me."

Helina's eyes widened. Erik leaned forward in his chair.

"Why?" Helina asked.

"I'm in alliance with Matteo Borgia. He took me in after I escaped from Aviary. I came because I needed a witch to protect that island. They suffer every day from not having a protective spell over them, and I promised Matteo that I would do all within my power to help him... I, I owe him more than I can ever repay in so many different ways..."

I trailed off, thoughts of the night I'd murdered Natalie flashing through my mind's eye. That too was an episode of my life that I had avoided including in my story to them.

I had also omitted Mona from the story, for I saw no relevance. And it was-if truth be told-painful to talk about her.

Silence took over the room for several moments.

"Can I have a private word with Helina?" Erik asked.

I was taken aback by their request for privacy. I was their older brother. What couldn't they discuss in front of me? Still, I nodded.

They got up and left the room. They must have gone far away, because although I tried to pick up on their conversation, I couldn't hear any of it.

They returned several minutes later and resumed their seats.

"Matteo's clan and our coven have been enemies for a while. Honestly, we can't stand him. But of course, if Celice wants to go with you, we're not going to stop you taking her. We understand." Erik placed a hand on my shoulder.

"But Kiev," Helina interjected. "What on earth makes you think you can keep her there even if she does agree to go? She's a fickle little thing. You say you told her you'll be with her..."

"I know. I'm not sure that I'll be able to stand her for more than a few days. But I owe Matteo this. I'll stay there with Celice and figure out a way to wean her onto someone else. There are plenty of vampires and werewolves on that island who would happily keep her busy. More importantly, she'd be the only witch there. Independent of her sisters. She'd have free rein to be with whomever she wanted to be. Hell, we'd make her queen if it meant getting her protection. Matteo would do anything to get her to stay."

Erik and Helina looked dubiously at each other, as though they doubted even that could keep Celice from fidgeting.

"Look," I said, "Even if she does want to come back to her sisters after a few weeks, I still have to try."

They both looked me in the eye and nodded.

"We see that you feel very strongly for Matteo and his people," Erik said. "He's done well to gain your loyalty, that you'd do all this just to help him out."

"In that case," I said, getting to my feet, "I promised that I'd return as soon as possible-"

"We'll come with you, Kiev," Helina said. "All of us. We'll take the ship and drop you off there."

"What? Why?"

She looked at me and smiled.

"A friend of our brother should be a friend of all of us. Clearly, Matteo has treated you very well. We owe him our thanks for that. And an apology... Maybe this will be a good way to resolve things with him."

I stared at my siblings.

I still didn't know what caused Matteo to speak so harshly against them, but whatever it was seemed to have been unwarranted. They seemed to be cool-headed and reasonable.

"All right," I said, a smile forming on my lips. "Let's go."

Chapter 14: Mona

Home.

That was what I was supposed to call this place now. This tiny island north of The Sanctuary. I shivered as we approached the castle. When I hesitated, Rhys turned back to look at me.

"What's wrong, Mona? Are you scared?"

I shook my head and followed him. He withdrew the key to the door from his cloak. Before he opened the door he turned round to face me.

"Efren and Isolde don't know that I went to get you. Just keep your calm if they are... surprised to see you."

Mention of their names made the knots in my stomach tighten.

He gripped my hand and led me inside. The castle was exactly how I'd remembered it-cold and gloomy. The floors were bare in all communal areas, as were the stone walls.

The entrance hall was empty, for which I was grateful, but as we exited it and started walking around the dim corridors we came across a number of witches and warlocks. I recognized most of them, and they all looked shocked to see me. But seeing that I was by Rhys' side, they didn't stop to talk to me.

We walked until we reached a dark red door on the highest floor of the castle. A door I knew far too well. I held my breath. It creaked open to reveal two figures sitting at a circular table. Rows of shelves containing heavy books and countless bottles of potions were fixed to the walls of the high-ceilinged chamber.

Efren and Isolde.

Efren was a tall, wiry red-haired man, and Isolde was a plump older woman with purple eyes and grey-streaked black hair.

They never had taken a liking to me even when I was a part of this coven. But now they looked at me with unmasked hatred. Especially Isolde.

She stood up, her mouth hanging open, and stared at me. "You brought her back?"

Rhys' arm around my shoulder pulled him closer to him.

"Yes, she's seen sense. She wants to rejoin the Cause."

"After she betrayed you twice? Are you insane?" Efren also stood up, staring at Rhys.

Rhys glared at the two.

"Mona is resuming her role in service with us," he said firmly. "Now, if you'll excuse us..."

Rhys led me out of the room and closed the door behind us. He took a sharp right turn down a corridor and I knew instantly where we were headed to. Rhys' quarters. My quarters.

I shivered as we approached his front door. The feeling of deja vu was overwhelming. The interiors were exactly the same as when I had left them. Barely anything had changed-even the bookshelf had barely been touched.

We entered into the sitting area, which contained a tall bookcase and a large black couch. The marble floors were covered with thick fur carpets. We entered the room next door. A bedroom. The smaller bedroom of the two contained within this apartment.

He gestured that I enter it. I did as he requested.

"You know how this works. We remain separate until you've been initiated." He approached me from behind, squeezing my shoulders and breathing heavily down my neck. "You know I'd rather it wasn't this way. But we must abide by the rules."

I breathed out a sigh of relief that I'd not have to share his room that night, which he seemed to read as me responding with pleasure to his touch. His lips pressed against my cheek. I shuddered.

"Stay here, maybe get some rest. I'll come for you when it's time." He turned to leave and was about to close the door. Then he opened it again, "And when I say stay here, I mean stay here."

I waited for him to leave, then got off the soft velvet bed and walked around the small room. Everything about it brought back a flood of unwanted memories. The sapphire pendant. The carved wooden cup. The deep scratch marks on the wall behind the oval mirror. The room had been left untouched.

He's been waiting for me to return. All this time. He knew I would give in and run back to him. Like I always do sooner or later.

I sat back down on my bed and lay back. I pulled the thick dust-covered blanket over me and buried my head beneath it. I closed my eyes.

My thoughts drifted back to my little home in the middle of that beautiful, tranquil lake. Tears swelled beneath my eyelids as I wondered what might have happened to it. Who might have been living in it since I left, and whether they would take care of the water lilies the way I did. My little sanctuary in the water. I regretted every time in the past when I'd complained to myself about loneliness, or yearned for more than the peace I already had in that little house, away from everybody. Away from danger.

I tried to imagine how things would have turned out if that red-eyed vampire hadn't showed up at the island. It was hard to stomach the fact that I might still be there now, rather than in this soul-destroying place.

The front door unlatched. I breathed out, preparing myself for Rhys to enter the room.

But when my bedroom door opened and I looked up, a short red-haired woman, barely older than myself, stood in the doorway. She had a look of outrage in her eyes. I groaned as I recognized her as Efren's sister. Tiarni.

Of all the witches in this place, I could always count on her to give me the most grief.

"Leave me alone, Tiarni." I rolled back over on my side, not willing to give her the time of day.

"Traitor!" she hissed.

She gripped my side and turned me over to face her. I scrambled up to the headboard, kicking her away from me.

"You betrayed Rhys. You betrayed all of us. I'm not having it. I've had enough of you playing with his affections and putting all that we have worked for in jeopardy. I swore that I'd finish you if I ever saw you again. Even if Rhys kills me for it. You don't deserve to be in our company."

Her words came from a place of jealousy. She'd made it no secret over the years that she was attracted to Rhys. He'd ignored her advances, and she resented me for it. Even though I would have paid any price to have Rhys' attraction to me transferred over to her.

She screamed a curse at me. I found myself being lifted out of bed and slammed against the stone wall. I crashed to the floor. The full effect of the damage she'd just done coursed through my body. I reached for the back of my head and felt blood trickling from an open wound.

She jumped onto the bed, preparing for another attack. I ducked underneath the bed and pulled myself out the other side. I raced out of the door and down the corridor. But I was slow due to my injury. She caught up with me and, gripping my neck, pinned me against the wall.

Her hands grew hotter and hotter until my skin burned. The pain was unbearable. I screamed and tried to lash out at her, but I was growing weaker by the moment.

Just as I started losing consciousness from the pain, she released me. I fell to the floor, clutching my neck.

Rhys wrestled her to the ground. His tall, muscular frame dwarfed her as he gripped her neck.

"Coward!" he hissed. "You know she has no powers to fight back."

She choked. I sat up. Rhys performed the same spell on her, his hands growing hot and choking her on the ground, the smell of burning flesh filling the corridor.

Her brother Efren came rushing toward Rhys, attempting to pull him off her. Rhys knocked him away.

"No, Efren. She needs to learn this lesson once and for all. For too long she's held a grudge against Mona."

"And can you blame her?" Efren yelled. "Mona's run away from you so many times, how can we ever trust her again? Hell, I don't trust her. Now damn you, Rhys. Let go of my sister!"

Finally, Rhys stood up, still glaring down at Tiarni.

"Lay a finger on her again, and it'll be the last thing you do."

Rhys bent down to my level and placed a hand around my neck. I winced as he examined the damage. Then he muttered beneath his breath and I felt my charred skin grow smooth again. Kissing my throat, he picked me up in his arms and carried me back to his quarters.

"I told you not to go wandering about," he said. "It's not safe right now. You've only just returned."

I felt too weak to explain that I hadn't been wandering.

Tiarni sobbed in the distance as he shut the door behind us. I expected him to lay me back down in my bed, but instead this time he brought me into his large bedroom. The warm orange glow of his bedside lantern soothed to my eyes.

He laid me down on his bed and sat down beside me, caressing my forehead with his fingers. I closed my eyes, tensing beneath his touch.

"You can sleep here tonight. I have matters to attend to." He stopped touching me, and got up to leave. Before he left the room, he turned round to face me, his eyes boring into mine, and said, "Efren is right. You have a lot to prove. More than ever before. Don't break the rules again. Or you know what I'll have to do."

Chapter 15: Kiev

The moment we left the boundaries of The Shade, my migraine returned full force. And soon after, I was coughing blood again. I should have expected it. I would have had to be dense to not conclude by now that it had something to do with the spell the witches had placed over The Shade.

I tried to hide my symptoms as best as I could from my siblings. We had more important matters to focus on. I tried to distract myself from it as best as a man could distract himself from the feeling of heavy clubs beating against his skull.

We arrived at Matteo's island the next evening. Since all three witches came with us, we didn't need to travel by ship. We all gathered in the courtyard and they used their magic to transport us there.

I ran to the main gate as soon as we appeared on the beach. As soon as the watchmen at the wall noticed us, they would put the whole island on red alert.

"Let me in! It's me, Kiev," I shouted, knocking.

The gate opened slowly and Brett's face appeared.

"Kiev?"

He opened the door wide just enough for me to step inside, then slammed it shut. Several vampires approached, eyeing me curiously.

"Bring Matteo and Saira here immediately. It's urgent."

Three of them raced away and returned with them several minutes later. Matteo stepped forward and stared at me.

"Matteo, the rulers of that island-The Shade, they call it-are my brother and sister," I said, wincing from the pain in my head.

"What? How?"

"It's too long of a story to tell you now. But they've agreed to hand over a witch. And they have all come to make peace with you."

"You brought them here?" Matteo's chest heaved as he spoke the words.

"Yes. Yes, Matteo."

He took a step back, a shocked expression on his face. The vampires behind him exchanged mutterings.

"They agreed to let you have one of their witches," I continued, barely hearing my own words over the throbbing in my skull. "She... she can stay with you as long as you can keep her here."

Matteo paused, raised both hands to his face and rubbed his temples, pacing up and down. Lorena appeared in an opening in the crowd and launched herself at me, wrapping her legs round my body and kissing me hard. I broke away and pushed her away from me irritably.

"I'm so relieved you're safe. I was worried about you," she breathed.

"Not now," I snapped, clenching my jaw and trying to breathe deeply.

She looked hurt but didn't attempt to hold onto me.

Matteo stopped short and looked at me disbelievingly.

"They may be your siblings, Kiev. But I don't trust them. Not one bit. Why couldn't they just send the witch with you? Why did they all have to come here?"

"They're here because they want to apologize to you for whatever caused a rift between your two groups in the first place. And they also want to thank you for taking me in." I stepped forward and gripped his shoulders. "They're my siblings. Trust me on this. You don't have to even allow them to enter inside the wall if you don't feel comfortable with it."

Matteo still looked at me doubtfully, but appeared to be somewhat comforted by my promise.

"All right. A few minutes. They don't set foot inside here. Saira and I will come out to meet them on the beach." He paused. "I'm only doing this because I trust you, Kiev."

His last words echoed around my head as I stepped back out of the gate. Erik and Helina stood on the beach in front of the crowd of vampires. I beckoned them to approach.

Then I stood aside, now delirious from the pain, and watched them approach Matteo and Saira. Matteo's jaw was clenched, and he looked more tense than I'd ever seen him. I looked to my siblings. Their expressions were unreadable-completely blank as they eyed the two leaders of the island.

Let's get this over and done with. Then Celice can cast the spell over the island and I can retreat there to get rid of this cursed headache.

Erik was the first to hold out his hand. Matteo paused, then took it in a shake. Helina did the same, holding it out for Saira. She shook it the best she could with her large brown paw.

Then Brett's shout filled the air.

I had been so focussed on the leaders in front of me, I had failed to notice several vampires sneak behind my back and race toward the open gate. I whirled around. Brett attempted to shut it, his grunts filling the night air. He must have kept the door open to watch the events unfold. Somehow, they had crept into a blind spot and come round the side of the wall. Tristan leading the way, they forced their way in.

Matteo and I locked eyes. I saw shock. Then accusation. Then fury. Panic coursing through me, I whirled round to face my siblings. But they had made a run for the gate too. By this time all the vampires had already forced their way inside.

I was stunned by their speed. They had flitted into the island, conjuring up strength that I had never seen before in any vampire.

As those witches weren't ordinary witches, clearly, these vampires were no ordinary vampires.

"No!" I screamed, racing after them. Matteo and Saira were hot on my heels.

I was seeing everything in double. I turned around, scanning the clearing to catch a glimpse of my siblings. All around me, The Shade's vampires were attacking Matteo's people. My people. Vampire against werewolf. Vampire against vampire. Ripping at each other's necks. Tearing at each other with their claws.

My breath hitched when I saw a few had fallen already.

"Helina! Erik!" I screamed through the woods. I stumbled forward, even as the battle around me grew more brutal, more bodies being felled by the minute. But they didn't answer. There was no sight of them.

Mad with fury, I swore.

Why would they do this to me?

I stumbled into a small clearing where I caught sight of Lorena struggling against Tristan. Although I'd never developed much of an attachment to Lorena, the sight of Tristan attacking her made me lose it. I flew at him, gripping the back of his neck and digging in my claws. He let go and stumbled back.

He looked like he was about to fight back, but then something flickered in his eyes when he realized who I was. A Novalic. He staggered back and ran away into the woods.

"What's going on, Kiev?" Lorena asked, terror marring her beautiful features.

"I don't know," I gasped. Gripping my burning temples with my fingers, I darted away from her.

I retraced my steps back into the heart of the chaos. Then Matteo's voice boomed from across the clearing.

"Retreat! Retreat to the ship! Now!"

Matteo. No. Wait.

"Kiev!" a familiar voice called out to me. I turned around. Saira bolted toward me. She didn't stop when she reached me. She ran right into me, knocking me to the ground with her massive frame. She lowered her head over my face, her eyes alight with fury and hurt. "Why would you do this to us? We trusted you."

Speechless, I was knocked breathless by her accusation. I didn't have a chance to respond before she stepped off me and bounded away toward Matteo.

I staggered out onto the beach to see all the surviving vampires and werewolves fleeing toward the main ship. I caught up with Matteo just before he boarded.

"No! Matteo! Wait! I'm sorry! You don't understand," I yelled, my head feeling like it was splitting in two from the exertion.

He turned to face me, his chest heaving. His hair and face were wet with sweat, his shirt ripped and soaked with blood.

"There's only one person who should be sorry," he hissed through the night air as he gripped the ropes hanging from the side of the ship. "Me. For being fool enough to believe my sister's killer could ever be redeemed."

He climbed up the side of the ship and swung himself over the railing.

I watched helplessly as the ship sailed away, its shrinking silhouette gliding over the dark ocean.

Chapter 16: Mona

"I don't want you seeing Rhys any more. Do you understand?"

I stared at my mother, my eyes wide with outrage.

"But he's my best friend!" I spluttered.

"Mona, listen to your mother." My father entered the room and placed a hand on my shoulder. "Rhys has been spending too much time with his aunt lately."

"So what?"

"The council issued her a warning yesterday. She's suspected of cursing her cousin to drown in the river."

I stared at my mother.

"Do you understand what that means?" She gripped my shoulders and shook me. "She's being suspected of breaking the most important law of The Sanctuary: harming another witch. Rumors are spreading that she is practicing forbidden magic! If they find her guilty, she'll be exiled."

"Well, all the better," I argued. "If she's gone, there's no reason that I can't continue seeing Rhys."

"No. You're not going to see that boy any more," my father said sternly.

"How many times do I have to tell you? Rhys is nothing like his aunt." I stamped my foot in frustration.

My parents glanced at each other.

"We're not convinced of that."

The next day, despite my attempts to persuade my parents otherwise, I didn't go out to see Rhys at the usual time. From my window, I watched him calling up to me and kicking around stones while he waited. But I wasn't allowed to even call out to him. I was to have no contact with him at all from then on.

When his aunt was convicted a few days later, my parents became even stricter. I was to stay in with my siblings. And I wasn't allowed to even sit in the same classes as him.

It wasn't until one evening when my parents had to go out to attend a meeting that I saw him again.

He climbed through my window.

"What happened?" he asked. "Why have you been ignoring me?"

I looked down at the floor in embarrassment.

"This is to do with my aunt, isn't it?"

I nodded.

He sighed deeply and sat down on my bed, crossing his arms over his chest.

"I want to see you," I assured him. "But my parents won't allow it."

"You're just going to do what your parents say?" He looked at me challengingly, one eyebrow raised, his head cocked to one side.

I stared at him and bit my lip.

"No," I said finally.

"Then come with me."

As I left with him that evening to take a walk down to the river, I rationalized to myself that my parents were wrong about him.

But that evening was the first time Rhys displayed his true colors to me. It was the first time I saw that dark fervor in his eyes. It was the first time I felt afraid in his company.

But being a headstrong young girl, I wasn't going to back out of a challenge that easily.

Waiting for us down by the river was a group of other children our age, including Rhys' siblings. It was the night they cursed our class teacher to die in her own bed. And we all watched until the final breath passed out of her.

"You don't understand," Rhys had said to me, his eyes gleaming in the firelight. "This isn't about hurting people for amusement. This is about sacrifice for a greater cause."

His words sounded strange coming from the mouth of a boy his age. Those words didn't sound like his own. Those words sounded like his aunt's.

"Our council calls this forbidden magic," he continued. "They are hypocrites. If it weren't for our Ancients pushing the boundaries of their magic, we wouldn't be in the position we are today. We have lost a sinful number of abilities since their time. There was a time when our race could open up gates into other realms. Now we can hardly protect our own. We have frittered away all those thousands of years' worth of knowledge and become lazy, enjoying the fruits of their hard labor. We're a disgrace to our own kind. Our Ancients intended for us to use the knowledge they left for us in the Scrolls to continue their work. They wanted us to advance further, not-in the name of sanctuary-become lazy and lose everything they had worked for."

That was the evening I was first invited to join their cause. Revivalists, they called themselves. At first their ideas sounded exciting-even if scary-because I was doing all this independently, without my parents watching over me. And Rhys' enthusiasm was infectious. I wanted to be strong and bold, like him. I wanted to take risks. I wanted to be powerful.

So I followed blindly.

Ignorant as I was, I agreed to take the oath of allegiance to their cause and be bound by it. Rhys performed it himself. Within a few weeks I was actively taking part in what they justified as restoring the boundaries of magic. Reviving our Ancients' legacy. The Scrolls-the only recorded instructions left by the Ancients for future generations-became the rules we'd live and die by. Rhys believed that following those laws patiently and faithfully would eventually restore their powers within us. And once we had cured ourselves of the impotence we were born with, thanks to the newer generations of witches, we would take over The Sanctuary, and run it the way our Ancients had always intended it to be run.

Then one evening, we all got caught. A member of the council had been taking a walk along the river bank when she saw us.

My parents and family were shocked and devastated. But they were barely given a chance to even bid me farewell before I was expelled.

We were all exiled. I followed Rhys to the only place we knew to go-a little island north of The Sanctuary where his aunt Isolde had taken up residence.

And it was there, once Rhys was reunited with his aunt Isolde, that we all spiraled down into levels of darkness that were much further than I was willing to go.

When I admitted one day that I regretted my decision to ever join the cause, and that I wished I could return home, he became angry that I did not appreciate being a part of this. And in that moment of rage, with the help of his aunt, he performed a spell that was to alter my life forever. He bound me to him.

Still, not understanding the implications of betraying both the oath and binding spell at once, I escaped back to my family.

My parents pleaded with the council that I was innocent and should not be expelled. But they along with the rest of my family died before the case even had time to go to trial. And my powers as a witch vanished.

After that, I was beaten, labeled a heretic, and thrown out of The Sanctuary once again. I had no choice but to return to Rhys. I didn't think I could survive on my own in the wilderness at such a young age, especially not without magic. I'd never left The Sanctuary all my life until the day I first left with Rhys.

But over the years I spent with Rhys, his aunt, and the others who left with us, I realized that going out on my own, even without magic, was a far more attractive option. I was a slave to a cause I didn't believe in. A foolish decision I'd made as a child, I was now suffering the consequences for as an adult.

I understood my curse by then. Everybody I loved was already dead. I had nothing left to lose. So I made the decision to leave and never get close to anyone. That way, I could have my freedom without anybody getting hurt.

What could go wrong?

* * *

Rhys, Isolde and Efren gathered around my bed the following morning.

"It's time," Rhys said.

I wrapped myself in the black cloak he handed me and followed them out of the room.

We entered the large chamber with the red door and I took a seat around the circular table next to Rhys.

"We should begin with Mona stating her oath," Isolde said sternly. She walked over to the cupboard and withdrew a heavy leather book-the Ancients' Scrolls-and brought it back to the table. "And before we begin this, remember, each time you run away, the oath you take next time will be stronger, and come with more consequences should it ever be broken. This is your third time now taking this oath. Should Rhys see that you have broken it again, he will have no choice but to abide by the rules and kill you himself."

Rhys glanced my way, looking uncomfortable.

I knew that he wouldn't want to kill me. But Rhys didn't ever act according to personal desire. He only acted according to the rules set down by the Ancients. As was the way of every other witch in this coven.

"I understand," I croaked.

"Then begin your oath," Efren muttered. "You should know it well enough by now."

I placed both of my palms flat over the scrolls Isolde had placed in front of me and chanted the ancient syllables that would bind me to live and die by the rules of the Ancients.

My throat became so dry, I was rasping by the time I got to saying the final words. My lips trembled as I withdrew my hands from the scrolls. Rhys took one of my hands in his while Isolde took the other and we all formed a circle-chanting the spell that would seal the oath.

I felt like I was sealing my own coffin.

Then silence fell on the room. After three minutes, Isolde and Efren got up and left the room. I remained sitting, my hands still shaking. Rhys reached for me and tilted my chin up to face him. I fought to avert my eyes away. I was scared that he would see the tears within them. And I hated to cry before him. I hated him to see me weak.

I returned to my room and stayed there the rest of the day, dreading the moment Rhys would return later on. Because I had no more excuse to live separately from him. Now that I'd been reinitiated, I was fit to share Rhys' bed again.

Soon after midnight, the door to my room opened. He came in and planted a kiss on my bare shoulder before picking me up and carrying me to his room. As I lay in my nightgown, I felt him settle down beside me, sliding an arm around me and drawing my back closer against him.

"Do you ever think about how we used to be?" I whispered, my eyes glazing over at the memory of the carefree boy he once was. After all this time, I still kept that image of him etched in my memory. I supposed I did it because it helped me to be less afraid of him at times like this.

I felt him sigh against my neck.

"When we were frivolous children? No."

I reached for one of his large hands and held it in mine. I stretched out his palm, spreading out his long fingers, and stared at it.

"I liked you better then."

There was a pause. He reached around my midriff and flipped me over so that I was facing him. Propping his head up on the pillow, he looked down at me, his hand resting on my thigh. His face was stern, eyes intense as ever.

"I don't know what you're trying to achieve with this conversation. Just promise not to leave me again. All right?"

I nodded, my heart pounding in my chest.

He planted a kiss on my forehead and extinguished the bedside light.

Give it up, Mona. He's too far gone.

As you will be soon.

Chapter 17: Kiev

Helina and Erik appeared on the beach soon after the ship disappeared from view. The three witches stood by their side.

"What the hell was that?" I bellowed.

I ran up to them and gripped Erik's shoulders, shaking him.

"I trusted you," I shouted, blood spraying on his face as I broke down coughing.

Helina looked down at me worriedly. Erik kept his expression stiff. Neither answered my question.

"Tell me!" I gasped, coughing still consuming my dry throat.

Their arms wrapped through mine as they lifted me up to support me. I broke away from them and fell back to my knees, refusing to move anywhere until I had answers.

"I'm sorry, Kiev," Helina whispered, bending down to place a gentle hand on my back. "It was for your own good."

"What?"

"You can't have a foot on both islands. You can't be loyal to two opposing sides."

"What are you talking-"

"You're either with us, or you're with him," Erik said. "We decided to make the decision for you. Once you've calmed down, you'll realize it was easier this way. Would you choose Matteo over your brother and sister?"

"Are you two insane? Who says I have to choose either one?"

Erik and Helina exchanged glances.

"It's the rules," Helina muttered.

"Rules? Whose rules?" I roared.

"You'll find out soon enough," Erik said.

"Are you not Lord and Lady of these thugs?"

They responded with more silence.

Their nonsensical speak and refusal to acknowledge their atrocious act drove me to the brink of reason. I reached out and grabbed Erik's foot, knocking him to the floor. Climbing onto him, I brought a fist down against his face.

"No, Kiev! Stop it!" Helina cried. "Don't take it out on your brother."

Helina and the three witches all grabbed me at once, hauling me off Erik.

"Then who am I to take it out on?" I glared up at my sister. Had she been a man, I would have punched her too.

"I'm sorry, Kiev," Erik said, getting back to his feet, wiping blood from his nose. "I know this is rough."

They both bent down and attempted to lift me to my feet again. I shoved them away and staggered to my feet without their help. I raced back to The Black Bell and locked myself in my cabin.

I didn't speak a word to anyone for the whole journey. Helina knocked on my door at one point, but I ignored her.

What would drive them to do this?

The question repeated over and over again in my head as I tried to make sense of their insane decision. I wondered if the witches had anything to do with it.

By the look on Celice's face, it appeared that she hadn't been informed of the plan beforehand. She appeared frustrated and angry that her scheme to escape alone with me had yet again been foiled. If anything, it would have been her two elder sisters behind it.

But why? What rules?

When we arrived back at The Shade, this time it was no surprise to me when my headache and coughing vanished. I raced out of the ship before I could bump into my siblings and ran straight to my room, the horrors of the night still playing fresh in my mind.

The more I thought about the events of the evening, the more unbelievable they became. Not a single one of The Shade's vampires had fallen. And I knew that Matteo's people were no weaklings.

Matteo. I couldn't get his last words out of my head.

"For being fool enough to believe my sister's killer could ever be redeemed."

They played over and over, like a needle piercing the same nerve each time it struck.

What is my life?

Everything I touch seems to turn to poison.

Poison. I caught sight of a bottle of liquor on a shelf near the window. Long ago, I had made a vow never to drink alcohol. Because it made me lose the little control I had over my actions. I remembered what I used to end up doing on those nights I would get drunk to drown out the pain. I shuddered just recalling how much more blood I had on my hands the morning after. How much further I had allowed myself to sink into the darkness, if that was even possible.

It had been one of the few promises I'd managed to keep to myself.

Until now.

Now seems to be as good a time as any to break it. I would break it anyway. Because everything in my life breaks sooner or later.

I reached for the bottle, unscrewed the cap and downed a gulp. Then another. And another.

With each gulp I took, the screaming in my head dulled. The images of Matteo's men, my comrades, strewn on the ground. Brett's terror. Saira's disappointment. Matteo's words. The waste of all the years of work into building that island up into a place they could inhabit. All seemed to fade like an old painting.

I got up, walked out onto the balcony and leaned over the railing, the bottle still hanging from my hand. It was then that I noticed Julisse and Arielle sitting in the courtyard by the lily pond, deep in conversation.

Those bitches... They ruined my brother and sister.

As I stood there looking down at them, I remembered something that Clara-of all people-had once said to me when she was trying to convince me to do some kind of abominable act.

"If you're going to accept a dance with Darkness, dance full swing."

I downed the last of the bottle. Then, smashing it against the floor, I ran out of my room and along the corridor until I reached the stairs. Extending my claws, I raced down them-too fast for my inebriated state. I missed a step and crashed to the bottom of the stairs. I swore as I staggered to my feet.

"Kiev?"

Celice.

She walked toward me cautiously, eyeing me like I was some kind of animal.

"Your sisters," I grunted, "are bitches. Heartless bitches."

Celice's eyes widened as she stepped back.

"You're drunk," she said. "Kiev Novalic, I don't like you when you're drunk. And I needed to talk to you about something important."

"I don't-"

"Kiev."

My sister must have heard all the commotion and she came running down the stairs.

"You're a wreck," she said, frowning as she looked me over.

"I think it's time," another female voice called from the doorway across the main entrance hall. I looked up to see Julisse and Arielle standing there.

"Bitches," I muttered again.

As soon as I said the word, Helina's hands wrapped tightly around my mouth, choking me.

"I don't care how lost you are to alcohol, Kiev," she hissed into my ear. "You must never insult our witches. Do you understand?"

I refused to nod. Why shouldn't I call them what they were? She kept her hands around my mouth. Then she blocked my nose so I couldn't breathe at all.

"Kiev. Brother, please. Tell me that you promise."

Her change of tone had shaken me, and even in my drunken state, I decided to heed her words. If only to not cause my sister distress. I nodded slightly and she let go.

"Never forget that, Kiev." She looked at me, her face contorted with worry. "Never forget that."

Barely had she finished speaking the words than Julisse and Arielle reached us from across the room.

"It's time," Julisse muttered to Helina, eyeing me disapprovingly. "I think he's ready."

"Ready for what?" I blurted out.

"To take your place as a Lord of The Shade," Helina said, wrapping an arm around my waist to support me in standing. "As a Novalic."

"We'll need Erik," Arielle said.

"I'll get him," replied Julisse. "In the meantime, take them to the spot."

"I'm already Lord of The Shade," I slurred, as Helina escorted me out of the entrance.

Helina ignored my last proclamation as she led me across the courtyard and into the woods. I asked more questions of her, and she ignored them all. In fact, she didn't speak again until we arrived at the beach.

"Where are we going?"

"We're almost there," she said, pointing to the entrance of a large cave about a mile away.

As we stepped inside, several lanterns lined the jagged walls. The floor was covered with straw and in the centre of the cave was a large circular rock. Carved into it were words of some ancient-looking language I wouldn't have been able to recognize even if I was sober, let alone drunk out of my mind.

I motioned to sit down on the rock, but Helina grabbed me and pulled me away from it.

"Sit on the floor if you have to. But don't ever sit there unless you're instructed to."

A few minutes later, all three witches arrived. All three of them were dressed in long black robes.

"You need to change first," Arielle said, eyeing me and my sister.

She handed two robes to us. Helina helped pull one of them over my head, while she donned the other.

I'd gotten past the point of asking questions since nobody seemed to be paying any attention to them. I just kept quiet and watched as the scene unfolded.

"Erik?" Helina asked.

"He's coming," Julisse replied.

Helina sighed and looked down at me. "Okay, Kiev. Now you can sit on the stone."

I sat down and watched as all four of them gathered around me, holding hands to form a circle around me.

What the hell is going on? My muddled brain toiled to make sense of the situation. It wasn't clear any more what was my imagination and what was reality. I really shouldn't have had that drink.

Erik arrived a few moments later, and with him, a human girl attached to him by a chain. Her blood agitated my senses and my first instinct was to stand up and launch myself at her. But Helina caught me and, with the help of the witches, pushed me back down.

"All in good time." Erik smiled down at me. "You're going to enjoy this, Kiev. Trust me."

The gagged girl struggled more violently as he tied her to a corner of the cave. Then Erik took his place in the circle between Julisse and Helina, linking hands with both of them.

And then began the strange chant. I was surprised to see that it wasn't only the three witches chanting in this strange tongue. My sister and brother also joined in. Each verse rhymed and grew louder by the minute. They reached a crescendo and stopped all at once. They looked down at me.

"Now," Julisse whispered. "Turn the girl into a vampire."

Turn her?

I had turned many a human into a vampire during my time. It wasn't as pleasurable as just drinking their blood, but it certainly wasn't disagreeable.

I looked over at the petrified girl. She screamed beneath her gag and kicked the ground, struggling to break free.

I looked from the witches, to my siblings, to the girl, and back again.

Clara's taunting voice echoed in my head.

"What are you waiting for? Dance, Kiev."

My mind was so muddied with alcohol, my conscience lost so deep in its fog, that I didn't need to give it a second thought.

I stood up and, breaking through the circle, dug my fangs into her neck. I released the venom as soon as her blood seeped into my mouth.

"Now stop."

I didn't want to stop. So I carried on. Helina and Erik grabbed me and pulled me away.

We all watched as the girl twitched, her transformation under way. One she was jerking more violently, Julisse issued me another order.

"Now her blood is neither that of human nor vampire. It's time to drink."

I didn't remember ever drinking the blood of a vampire in mid-transformation. It had normally become bitter from the vampire venom taking over at that point-the human blood diluted, losing its sweet taste.

Still, I did as Julisse asked and gulped deep from the girl. Although it was indeed bitter, there were still a few pockets of sweetness left. I kept sucking and let go of the girl, the corpse, once it had become dry.

Then I lifted my head and looked up at the faces surrounding me, their eyes shining against the glow of the lanterns.

Julisse smiled.

"Welcome to The Shade, Kiev."

Chapter 18: Mona

"When will you return my powers to me?" I asked Rhys the following morning once he had woken.

He got out of bed and wrapped a robe around himself. Walking over to my side of the bed, he gripped my arm and pulled me up.

"Sit there." He pointed to the center of the room. "Cross-legged."

Not taking my eyes off of him, I did as he'd instructed.

He paused for a moment, standing still, looking down at me. His expression was blank, but he scrutinized me as if trying to decide whether I really deserved my magic back.

Eventually he took a step back, faced both of his palms toward me, and began chanting the spell.

Light shot from his palms and hit me square in the chest. My extremities felt frozen-my nose, toes and fingers-while the center of my body felt like it was on fire. The heat spread out to the rest of my body and Rhys relaxed his hands and fell silent. He walked over and pulled me up into a standing position.

"This time, use them wisely," he muttered.

He walked into the bathroom next door.

I stretched out my body and flexed my fingers and toes. It had been so long since I'd had powers, it felt strange. As though I'd just had a limb returned to me. A limb returned in exchange for my soul.

I walked over to the bathroom door and placed my head against it, listening to the sound of water running. I fidgeted with my fingers. I was burning to ask him the question that had been playing at the back of my mind ever since we arrived, but I was petrified that he would take it the wrong way.

I realized that the conversation would be much easier through a closed door, without his eyes boring into me.

"Rhys?" I called through the bathroom door.

The water stopped running.

"On the boat, you told me that if I came back to you, nobody I cared about would ever be harmed again. Does that rule apply from now on, or is it retrospective?"

There was a pause. Then, to my dismay, the door swung open. He stood there wearing nothing but a towel wrapped low around his chiseled torso, his wavy hair hanging loosely and framing his strong face. His stare seemed to cut right through me, as though I was transparent to him. I prayed that he hadn't developed mind-reading capabilities since I'd been gone.

"Why would you ask such a question?" His voice was expressionless as he leaned a shoulder against the doorway, though I didn't miss the flicker of suspicion in his eyes.

"I-I..."

"Is there somebody else?"

I bit my lip.

"Yes," I said.

"Who?"

"I had a dolphin who was starting to fall ill. I cared for her dearly. I-I'd just like to know if she has any hope of surviving."

Rhys continued to stare at me.

"A dolphin," he said slowly. "You always have been a miserable liar."

Rhys reached out and pulled me into the steam-filled bathroom. Lifting my hands above my head, he pushed me back against the wall and pressed himself against me.

"Tell me about this man," Rhys breathed, his chest heaving. "You have my attention."

I shut my eyes.

Memories of the vampire flashed through my mind. Standing on my porch, slamming his fists against my front door. Perched on my roof, half naked, flipping through the pages of my story. Standing before me on the boat, his dark hair wet, face stained with blood. His zealous gift-giving rampage. His emerald-green eyes looking down at me. His long fingers running through my hair. His lips pressing against mine... That crazy, erratic vampire who'd possessed my mind during those fleeting months of my life.

I smiled slightly even as tears brimmed in my eyes.

"Don't shut me out, Mona."

Rhys' grip tightened, his breathing becoming more impatient.

I opened my eyes and looked up at him.

"I'm not shutting you out, Rhys," I whispered, my voice hoarse and in danger of breaking again. "I'm saying goodbye so that I can let you in."

He paused, then nodded, and allowed me to close my eyes again for a few more minutes of silence.

When I opened them, he didn't ask me again who it was I'd fallen for. For that, I was grateful. I didn't know that I could bear to say the vampire's name out loud. I could barely say it in my head. I also didn't know what Rhys might do to him if he ever found out. I didn't know whether he would be able to control his jealousy.

Rhys let go of my hands. He brushed the thin straps of my nightgown away from my shoulders and slid it off my body. Letting his own towel fall, he pulled me beneath the running water with him.

"I've always told you I can make you happy," he said softly, his lips caressing my ear. "I can make you want me. If you'd just give me the chance..."

My skin tingled as he ran his rough hands down my body, his right hand gripping my thigh. I felt my black rose burn against him.

There's no point holding on to the dream of a life away from Rhys. Away from this cult. Away from this darkness. I need to accept this life, and do the best I can to let Rhys in. I'll drive myself to insanity otherwise. Holding on will only cause endless pain.

It's time to let go.

It's time to finally surrender.

Chapter 19: Kiev

After the alcohol had drained from my system, memories of the night before came trickling back. I remembered Helina leading me to the cave. The large round stone. The witches and my siblings standing around me uttering strange words. The terror in the human's eyes before I half-turned, then murdered, her.

I need answers.

Early the next morning I sought out my brother and sister. I found Erik still resting in bed with Julisse, while Helina was already up and about her apartment. I led them both out of the castle until we reached the woods for some privacy.

"You'd better give me some damn answers, or I swear-"

"All right," Erik said, holding up a hand. "All right."

We stopped walking and turned to face each other.

"These witches are not ordinary witches," he began. "They're a darker breed than you've likely ever come across."

Tell me about it.

"They're a splinter group. A cult. They consider themselves to be the only hope for the revival of their race's true glory. They are on a mission to restore the power that their distant ancestors once had. They call themselves Revivalists." Erik paused. I stared at him, my mouth agape. "When the three sisters rescued fifty of us from Cruor," he continued, "it was not out of the goodness of their hearts. They had a reason."

"They wanted us for a specific ritual that they perform once or twice a month," Helina explained. "They needed at least fifty of us to be present for it-that's what their scrolls stated. In exchange for our cooperation, they gave us full protection from the Elders... and a supply of human blood. We also run errands for them sometimes-"

"Human blood. Those humans... where the hell do they get them all from?"

"We don't know, Kiev," Helina said wearily. "We don't like to press them with too many questions. As long as they keep supplying us with them, what does it even matter?"

I rubbed my hands against my face as the gravity of the situation settled upon me.

"So basically, you're slaves to a group of fanatics."

"We were desperate, Kiev," Erik said in exasperation. "How could we refuse? Besides, it's not a big deal having the coven around here for just a few days once or twice a month. They come for three days, they dine, they perform their rituals, then they leave. We are left with the three sisters, and they've never been a nuisance." He must have caught the way I was eyeing him, because he added, "And our love is real, by the way. Julisse and I fell for each other the first month that we were together here-"

"And last night," I said, cutting through him, heat rising in my voice. "You both knowingly led me into a blood pact with these deranged zealots... while I was drunk?"

Helina stamped her foot on the ground in frustration.

"Damn it, Kiev. Last night, we had to initiate you the same way we've initiated every vampire on this island. Or the witches wouldn't have allowed you to stay here. You need to understand: they're purists."

"Oh, I think I've gathered that."

I heaved a sighed and look from one sibling to the other.

"And why you? Why did they pick you as Lord and Lady-whatever those useless titles even mean?"

"We were the oldest vampires of all of the fifty they chose," Erik said. "The other vampires all looked up to us, even when we were back in Cruor. We were the natural choice, especially being brother and sister. They knew we'd make a good team."

"And what exactly is this ritual they come to perform every month?" I asked, not certain that I actually wanted to know the answer.

"It's probably best you just witness it for yourself. Though it's not dissimilar to what you experienced last night. The main difference is that it's the witches who drink the half-turned vampire's blood."

I paced up and down in front of them.

"You also occasionally run errands for them, you mentioned," I said, looking at my sister, "Is that what you were doing when I first arrived on the island? The only person here was Damion."

She nodded.

"What errand was that?" I asked.

Erik sighed.

"They needed a specific type of very rare and valuable seaplant that only grows near The Cove-the realm of mermaids. Rather than get it themselves, they thought we might as well do the job for them."

"And that's why you're known for being such notorious pirates," I muttered. "You plunder others on the witches' orders. You can't afford to fail."

They both nodded.

"I suppose your speed and strength-which is greater than most vampires I've ever seen-is also due to the witches?"

They nodded again.

An unsettled feeling took hold of me as we made our way back to the castle. My siblings had boasted about how great their life was now that the Elders no longer ruled over them. They could do whatever they wanted, they'd said. It was clear now though that all that was self-delusion. They had simply put themselves under the control of a different kind of evil.

It was obvious though that my siblings didn't appreciate my pessimism. Besides, it was true what Erik had said. It wasn't like they had a choice in the matter. They'd traded themselves in to the witches and there was no going back. Even despite the witches' darkness, it did seem that-at least thus far-life was better being ruled over by them rather than the Elders.

The real test would come when either the witches abandoned their blood ritual, or started making demands that we could not meet.

I wondered whether Julisse loved Erik enough to stay behind, even if her coven disapproved of her action. Somehow, I doubted it.

I was lost in thought as I made my way back up to my chambers. I wanted peace and silence to think over everything that had just been revealed to me.

Instead I was met with a stroppy-faced teenager sitting cross-legged on my bed.

I groaned. "For the love of... Not now, Celice."

"Not now. Not now. It's always not now," she whined. "You can't just make a promise to me and not keep it."

"Well, thanks to your sisters," I said through gritted teeth, "I have nowhere to take you anymore even if I wanted to. So take your huffing and puffing to their rooms, and leave me in peace."

She remained seated on my bed, arms crossed over her chest. "I'm not letting you get out of this conversation that easily." She paused and looked up at me seductively. "Novalic... If there really is nowhere to take me, then why don't you just take me here?"

I stared at her disbelievingly as she slid out of her dress and slipped between my bedsheets. She loosened her hair and pouted her lips.

I need to stop being such a gentleman with this little wench.

"Celice," I said, "I don't want you. I lied when I said that I wanted to be with you. I only wanted to use you to protect my friend's island. Now that's all gone to hell, I have no interest in you. Absolutely none. But there are plenty of other men on this island. Go pick one of them to deflower you."

Her face flushed. Her pupils dilated with anger. Her voice became deep and deadly as she spoke.

"Never insult a witch, Kiev."

She yanked her clothes back on and stormed out of the room, the windows shaking from the force of her exit.

Good riddance.

Bitch.

Chapter 20: Mona

It was starting to feel like I'd never left the coven. Over the next few weeks, I slotted back into my place. Even Isolde and Efren seemed to accept that I was here to stay and stopped glaring at me so much.

The other witches and warlocks stopped whispering to themselves in the corridors whenever I walked by, and Rhys reappointed me to my former duties. These mostly consisted of assisting in creating potions for the various forms of witchcraft they were trying to master. Occasionally, I was called to join in creating magic, or more often, casting a curse.

But I was starting to forget what the potions I was helping to make were for. I was starting to forget about the sacrifices of innocent people that were going on around me in the name of restoring our kind's former glory. It was easier not to think of these things.

Rhys was right.

I found myself wishing that I had just listened to him from the start. He'd always told me that if I followed him blindly, I would find a place of peace.

Or at least a place of numbness.

I'd caused myself so much unnecessary pain.

And when I finally closed my eyes to the evil we were committing and became numb to it, Rhys was also much easier to get along with. He had told me that if I just surrendered myself to him, he would make an effort with me. He kept that promise.

Each night that I shared his bed, in the morning my skin looked paler. The circles under my eyes grew darker, more prominent. The darkness that had taken root in my heart swelled and enveloped it. Accepting my surrender hungrily.

But although I felt I was dying a little more each day, it didn't hurt as much as it used to.

Although each time Rhys touched me, it felt like I was sinking further and further into oblivion, it was less painful than trying to fight him.

And really, that was more than I could have ever hoped for from a place like this.

One morning as I woke in his arms, I looked up to find that he was already awake. He'd been watching me, waiting for me to open my eyes.

"Today's schedule will be a little different," he said softly, stroking my cheek with his fingers. "For all of us. In fact, the next few days are going to be different."

I raised my eyebrows in question.

"There's something I haven't gotten round to telling you yet. It concerns a monthly, and sometimes bi-monthly, blood ritual we started to practice since you've been gone." He got out of bed and began to dress himself. "We've made allies of a group of vampires."

"Vampires?"

"Yes. You may have noticed my three sisters' absence since you've been here. That's because they no longer live here. They stay on an island near the pirate area of Triquetra. They managed to procure the vampires, and in exchange for helping us with our rituals, they have cast a spell over the island keeping them safe from invaders and spirits."

I had to pull my pillow over my face to stifle a gasp.

These vampires must be the Black Bell pirates. Those Matteo always warned us to stay away from.

"We leave in a few hours, to start preparing for tonight's ritual. It's the full moon tonight. We'll stay there for three days... three rituals. And then return."

I nodded, trying to conceal my restricted breathing. I got dressed and once I was ready, Rhys held out his hand and said, "Come with me."

I followed. He led me along corridors and down steps-where everybody seemed to be hurrying around getting ready for our departure-until we reached the back of the kitchen. He bent down over a large trapdoor, unbolted it, and pulled it open.

The stench that came wafting out toward us was sickening. I looked around in astonishment as we descended. The entire dungeon was crammed with cells of humans.

A wave of deja vu hit me.

This is just like the dungeons of the ogres.

But where in the world do we find all these humans?

"We need to choose three of them for the rituals," Rhys said. "One for each night. We'll also be bringing some others for the vampires, but I'll have Efren and Isolde gather them together. Help me choose the three."

I looked around in horror. There were men and women, young and old. I felt frozen to my spot, not knowing which direction to take first. Luckily, Rhys was too impatient to wait for me. He dragged out three humans from the cell nearest to us-three young men-and bound them all in chains. When they shouted and tried to scramble away in opposite directions, he cast a tranquilizing spell on them. Their mouths opened and closed while their eyes rolled wildly in their sockets, but no sounds came out. Their limbs became docile and obedient.

Rhys placed one hand on the small of my back and nudged me up the stairs while he followed behind, guiding the three humans up with us.

Once we'd reemerged in the kitchen and closed the trapdoor, I couldn't keep myself from asking, "Where do they all come from?"

He sighed and looked down at me.

"I'll likely tell you one day. But it's not important for you to know now."

Chapter 21: Mona

I shuddered as we arrived at the beach of the dark island. Being this close to where I'd spent several years in hiding on Matteo's island felt bizarre now that I was so far away from the person I'd been then. I looked around at the crowd of witches who'd come with us. We'd all come. This was the tradition apparently. Tiarni was holding the chains of the three humans, while about two dozen other humans were being kept in check by Efren and a few other witches.

Rhys must have noticed my discomfort. He rubbed my shoulders and asked, "Are you all right?"

I nodded weakly.

An old bearded man approached us-a vampire.

"Damion," Rhys said, reaching out his hand.

Damion smiled faintly and shook it. We followed him away from the beach and through a dark wood. We all walked in silence until we reached the end of the path, leading out into a clearing.

I was taken aback by what I saw: a tall black castle, almost identical to the one the witches had erected back in our little island.

Rhys, who seemed to still be watching me closely, nodded toward the castle and said, "My sisters' work."

We passed through the courtyard and were greeted by Julisse, Arielle and Celice on the doorsteps. They motioned to fling their arms around their brother, but then they caught sight of me standing behind him. Arielle and Julisse's mouths dropped open.

"Her?" Julisse exclaimed.

I groaned internally.

Here we go again.

"Yes." Rhys gave my hand a reassuring squeeze. "Mona returned to me. But we can discuss her later. We have more pressing matters to attend to now."

Although the two elder sisters appeared reluctant to drop the matter, they nodded and wrapped their arms around Rhys. He kissed their heads one by one. They withdrew from him and Julisse surveyed the crowd.

"Tiarni," she called. "Come with us and bring those three with you. Everyone else, go into the castle and take your seats at the table." She looked at Efren. "You know where to put the other humans."

The group split. Myself, Julisse, Arielle, Tiarni, Celice and Rhys went in one direction, while everyone else walked up the steps to the castle. I kept close to Rhys and wrapped my arm through his as we walked around the castle. Although I wasn't in danger so long as Rhys was by my side, this place still gave me the creeps after all that Matteo had warned me about these vampires.

We stopped in the middle of the lawn. Arielle got on her knees and fumbled in the tall grass until her hands closed around a large ring. She pulled it upward to reveal a wooden staircase leading down to a dimly lit underground chamber.

Once we were all inside, she took the humans' leashes from Tiarni and fastened them to the wall. She looked up and called Rhys over. I was going to follow, but Rhys shot me a glance that said I should stay put.

He exchanged a few words with his sisters in private. I assumed that they probably weren't talking about me at that particular moment. Rhys just didn't want me to overhear for whatever reason.

Jars of potions lined the shelves on the wall. This was a spell room. I now realized why they kept it hidden from the vampires-only a witch could set foot inside a spell room. If anyone else entered, they would have to be sacrificed, otherwise the room would become impotent. Or so the Scrolls said.

A few minutes later, Rhys returned to me and caught my hand, leading me back up the steps. Julisse and Celice followed us, but Arielle stayed behind.

"Arielle needs to start preparing one of the humans for later on," Rhys explained.

I dreaded to think what kind of preparation they would undergo in Arielle's hands. Once we were back out in the open, Celice closed the hidden trapdoor behind us.

"Let's join the others in the dining hall now," Julisse said.

We walked back round the side of the castle and climbed up the steps up to the entrance. Rhys pushed the doors open and allowed us all in before him. We crossed the giant hall and entered through another set of tall doors.

The chattering that had filled the air came to a standstill as we entered. Before I even had time to cast my eyes around the crowded table, two vampires holding trays of glasses filled with blood immediately came up to us.

Everyone took a glass but me. When Julisse saw this, she made a point of walking over to me.

"Lost your appetite for blood since you've been away?" she asked, deliberately loud enough for Rhys to hear.

I looked at Rhys, and he nodded toward the glass. Feeling the pressure, I picked up the glass, though I had no intention of drinking it. I would slowly vanish it while nobody was looking and pretend to have drunk it.

Chairs had been reserved for us-the ones closest to the entrance, at the head of the table. I took a seat between Rhys and Celice. Candles lined the table between the trays of food. They'd cooked up a feast especially for the witches, since vampires only drank blood.

As I cast my eyes around the vampires dining with us, a glint of redness caught my eye at the opposite end of the table.

Celice squealed as the glass slipped from my hand, blood soaking the tablecloth and staining our dresses.

"What's wrong with you this evening?" Rhys whispered.

"I... I think I need some fresh air."

Chapter 22: Kiev

She looked so different, I barely recognized her. Deathly pale skin, black shadows beneath her eyes, a much thinner face. Everything about her appeared darker-even the color of her hair. But when her blue eyes fixed on mine, and I witnessed her violent reaction to our eyes locking, any doubts I might have had about her identity were allayed.

That girl was Mona.

All conversation around me faded into background noise. Confusion shrouded me as question after question fought to the forefront of my mind.

Why has her appearance changed so drastically? What is she doing here? Who is that man next to her?

Most of all, I found myself asking: Why did she leave?

I turned to Helina who was sitting beside me.

"Do you know anything about that witch-the one sitting next to the man with wavy hair?"

"No idea. Never seen her before. Maybe a relative?" My sister shrugged. "And by the way, that man is Rhys. The brother of the three sisters and one of the main leaders of the coven." She followed my gaze toward his direction. "If there's one person in this room you don't want to mess with, it's him. I know him well enough by now, but I still find myself feeling unsettled in his presence."

Erik gripped my shoulder. "I can attest to that," he said. "Stay out of his way."

I continued watching Rhys until his pitch-black eyes moved toward me.

"Hm," I muttered, taking a swig of blood from my glass. "I'm going to, uh, use the restroom."

Chapter 23: Mona

Is it possible he has a twin brother?

I was aware of how ludicrous a notion it was, but so desperate was I for my eyes to have deceived me that I was willing to entertain it.

I ran through the hall and out the entrance. I didn't stop running until I'd sped past the courtyard, through the woods and reached the beach. I walked to the edge and dipped my feet in the cool waters, hoping to calm my nerves.

He's still alive. At least that much I should be grateful for. I don't have to add him to the list of deaths I'm responsible for.

But how is he still alive?

Is it the spell cast over this place that is protecting him?

Or is it that the curse automatically reversed once I'd returned to Rhys?

And how the hell is Kiev here? Why did he leave Matteo's island? Would he have betrayed Matteo and Saira-after all they did for him-and joined these vampires?

Why have his eyes turned back to red?

Who was that beautiful young woman sitting next to him?

My head began to throb from all the questions and speculations.

I was so absorbed in my thoughts that I didn't notice a shadow approaching me from behind. It was only when a man cleared his throat that I whirled around. On seeing Kiev, I jerked to a standing position so violently that I lost my footing and fell backward into the sea.

"Wh-what are you doing here?" I spluttered, spitting water out of my mouth and brushing my sopping wet hair out of my face as I scrambled to my feet.

"I could ask the same of you," he said, his baritone voice expressionless. He stood still, arms crossed over his chest, his blood-red gaze fixed on me.

What do I tell him?

A part of me urged to just reveal the truth to him. But another part of me doubted that that was the best way to repel him, to get him to never want to speak to me again-hell, even look at me-which was what my only goal in this encounter had to be.

I stood in silence, just staring at him, for several moments as the war inside me raged on. Finally the rational side of me won over, and although it ripped me apart, I knew that there was no other way.

"I'm here because of Rhys," I said. "My lover."

Kiev's mask broke for but a moment-his lips parting ever so slightly-before he composed himself again.

"I see," Kiev said. "I suppose he's the reason you left too."

I nodded, gulping back the lump in my throat.

"Well, I won't take up any more of your time."

Without another word, he turned on his heel and disappeared back into the shadows.

That's it?

I stood in shock, staring at his footprints in the sand. I couldn't believe he'd gone.

Just like that.

That certainly went faster than I had expected.

An empty feeling swelled in the pit of my stomach. And then bitter disappointment fell upon me. He'd heard my answers, yet he hadn't stayed long enough to answer my questions.

I didn't have much time to brood though, because Rhys' voice drifted through the woods.

"Mona?"

He appeared on the beach moments later. He stood frowning at the sight of me.

"Why are you soaking wet?"

"I took a dip in the sea. I was feeling... claustrophobic."

He walked up to me, muttered a few words beneath his breath and I was completely dry within a second. I could tell my erratic behavior was aggravating him now. He didn't speak another word to me as he marched me back to the castle. As we walked, his grip was tighter than usual.

We walked back into the main hall. Everyone had cleared out by now-I assumed to start preparing for the night's ritual-except three vampires in the corner. Kiev appeared to be deep in conversation with the pretty vampire and another handsome male vampire sitting next to him.

I groaned quietly.

"You left before I could introduce you to the Novalics-leaders of this island." Rhys led me over to their corner. "These are the Novalic siblings," he announced once we'd arrived next to them.

Oh. Ohhh. She's his sister.

"Erik, Helina and... I don't believe we've met before?" Rhys stared at Kiev.

"No," Kiev said curtly.

"Our brother arrived just recently, Rhys," Erik said, jumping in. "He's already been initiated though."

Rhys nodded slowly, and reached his hand out to shake Kiev's. Kiev gripped it, though the twitch in his jaw didn't escape my notice.

I shook hands with Erik and Helina. Then I shook Kiev's hand, withdrawing it perhaps a little too sharply. His touch felt like white-hot fire to my bare skin.

"You haven't introduced yourself," Kiev said, something dangerous sparking in his eyes.

"Mona," I muttered, feeling the blood rise in my cheeks. I guessed that he was now going to go out of his way to make things as difficult for me as possible. "A... a pleasure to meet you all."

I was relieved when we retreated to our rooms to get ready. As Rhys and I changed into our cloaks, neither of us exchanged a word. Rhys I was sure was preparing for the ritual we were about to perform.

My heart started to race again as we neared the cave on the beach. I knew that Kiev was due to be there.

But although I was sitting opposite from him across the cave the whole evening, he didn't glance at me once. Although nobody was supposed to speak during a ritual, I caught him whispering to the redhead, Tiarni, who was sitting next to him, more than a few times.

Once the ritual was over, he walked away with her into the woods.

I realized then that I'd been so consumed with what Kiev had been doing, I had barely batted an eyelid as a human had been brutalized by a vampire barely a few feet away from me. He lay shaking on the floor, blood gushing from his neck, caught in the agony of mid-transformation. When a witch gathered up his blood in glasses and passed it round to all of us. I drank up, barely noticing.

I should be relieved Kiev's acting as though I don't exist now. This is the best outcome given the circumstances.

So why is it that all I feel is pain?

Chapter 24: Mona

As I woke up to pitch blackness the following morning, my eyelids felt sore from a night of silent crying. I groaned, untangling myself from Rhys' sleeping form, and made my way over to the balcony doors. Opening them, I took deep breaths of the fresh sea air, relishing the relief it brought me.

The chill woke Rhys up.

"Come here," he muttered.

I crawled back into bed. He drew me against his chest and intertwined our legs. Placing his wide palm over my forehead, he stroked it gently.

"What is it about this place that has you so restless?"

I was unsure how to answer.

"Is there someone here who's causing you to be nervous?"

That last question hit far too close to home for comfort. If I paused for too long he'd know I wasn't being truthful with him. So, instead, I reached my hands into his thick hair and pulled myself on top of him. Placing my legs either side of his waist, I kissed him full on the mouth.

It was the first time since I'd known him that I'd ever initiated a kiss.

His hands loosened at first in surprise, but then tightened around me.

"It's nothing, all right?" I said, when I finally broke free from him. "I was just enjoying the morning air. You worry too much about me."

And then Rhys did something I thought he'd forgotten how to do. He smiled. And though it didn't spread fully across his mouth, it was more than I'd ever seen from Rhys in years.

"Maybe I do worry about you too much," he whispered.

* * *

Since we had nothing urgent to do that morning, Rhys and I stayed in bed until lunchtime, at which point we dressed and went down to the dining hall.

Part of me was hoping that we wouldn't all be eating at the same time every day. But my hopes were dashed as the table was as full as the night before-Kiev and his siblings in the same place across the table from us. It appeared to be some kind of tradition to all have lunch together.

This time, I keep my eyes to myself. Or on Rhys.

But then red flashed across the chamber. And I was a lost cause. Throughout lunch I kept stealing glances at the redhead sitting on Kiev's lap. Sharing blood from the same glass. Her caressing his dark hair. My fingers curled just remembering how it felt to do that. And the final scorch to my already singeing burn was watching them share a kiss. I could have sworn Kiev even looked my way as he pushed his tongue between her lips.

Lunch couldn't be over soon enough.

I was relieved when Rhys had finished eating and suggested that we go for a stroll around the island.

"I'd love that," I said, jumping to my feet and pulling him out the door with me.

We walked through the forest and along the beach for a couple of hours. Rhys and I didn't talk much. We mainly took in the beauty of the place. Though he didn't let go of my hand once as we walked, and he occasionally stopped just to look at me. I asked what he was stopping for, but he didn't answer me. We moved on only once he was satisfied by whatever he was trying to see in me.

On our way back, as we walked through the courtyard, I caught sight of Kiev sitting alone on a bench reading a book.

If he wants to play, he should know that I can play too.

"Wait," I said to Rhys, who was about to start climbing the steps. Wordlessly, I pulled him toward the fountain in the center of the courtyard, in clear view of where Kiev sat.

Once again I reached for Rhys and pulled his lips against mine. With each second that passed, our kiss got more heated until I had my legs wrapped around his waist.

Kiev finally admitted defeat. From the corner of my eye, I saw him drop his book to the ground and storm off in the opposite direction.

Revenge felt sweet.

For a few seconds.

Then I was overcome with guilt.

How could I do this to him? After all I've put him through already...

I broke away from Rhys and suggested we return to the room and start preparing ourselves for the evening.

At least all this torture we're putting each other through will be over by the end of tomorrow, I comforted myself as we climbed the stairs back up to our room. Rhys and I will return to our island, and I'll think of an excuse to never come here on visits again.

I was surprised to see Efren waiting in our hallway when we returned. He turned to Rhys with a look of excitement in his eyes.

"What's going on?" Rhys asked.

"Isolde thinks we're very close to a breakthrough. Do you remember the last time she got that feeling?"

"Yes, yes, of course I remember what happened!" Rhys' face lit up. "How could I forget?"

I certainly couldn't forget.

That was the time Isolde had finally unlocked the power to perform the binding spell within all the members of the coven.

I couldn't forget that day if I tried.

Rhys' eyes settled on me briefly-no doubt sharing the same memory that had just flitted though my head-before turning back to Efren.

"Your aunt is saying that there's something about the energy of this island, and the rituals with these vampires," Efren continued. "It's pushing us closer at a faster speed than when we were working alone on our own island. She wants us to extend our stay here."

Oh, God.

"Of course. We must!" Rhys said. "We'll stay as long as we need to. You're in no hurry to leave, are you, Mona?"

I smiled up at him weakly. "Of course not. I told you already that I have no problem with this island."

"I'll let the others know," Efren said, and he ran out the room.

Rhys looked down at me with wild enthusiasm. He picked me up and spun me around the room.

"This could be it. We're getting closer!"

He paused mid-air and set me back down on the floor.

"Why do you not share my excitement over this news?"

I quickly made my smile broader, but it was too late. He'd already detected my lackluster reaction. Now he knew I was just forcing my reaction to please him.

"You seem absent again. Something is awry with you," he said. "You need to snap out of whatever this is. Even Julisse has noticed you're not sharing the same passion as us and she's barely spent any time with you. You need to change, Mona. Get your head where it needs to be."

He placed a finger under my chin and pushed my face up to look into his stone-cold eyes.

"Remember what I told you before? You still have much to prove."

Chapter 25: Mona

I can't take any more of this.

Another lunch sitting opposite Tiarni and Kiev at the table finally sent me over the edge. I felt sure that he didn't even like Tiarni. He was just using her to get back at me. Just as I was using Rhys against him.

I was glad when Rhys told me earlier that morning that he would be visiting his aunt straight after lunch. I told him that I planned to go for a walk alone and that I'd meet him again in our room later on in the evening.

Instead, I sat at the table until Kiev had finished his blood. Then I left after him. He was heading outside, through the great doors. He took a left turn and, walking down the steps, passed through the center of the courtyard. I knew how sharp his hearing was. I wouldn't have been surprised if he'd already detected me behind him, but I was careful to make as little sound as possible-even going to the extent of removing my shoes and leaving them in a bush.

I followed him as he descended a set of stairs leading away from the courtyard. He stopped when he reached the pond. He stood still, staring into its waters. I took this opportunity to run down after him after looking all around me to check that nobody was watching.

A cluster of leaves crunched beneath my feet as I approached. He turned round to face me, surprise flickering across his handsome face.

"You," he said, crossing his arms over his chest again, resuming his guarded body language.

"Yes, vampire. Me. And I need to talk to you."

"What's wrong? Don't like that I can play this game better than you?"

"Shut up, Kiev. Please. I don't have much time-"

"Of course not. I'm sure your lover boy is already wondering where you are."

"This isn't a game!" I hissed.

He seemed to notice the urgency in my voice and fell silent. I cast another worried look around us. This place seemed too open. We needed somewhere more enclosed. I grabbed his cold hand and pulled him into the shadows of the woods. I kept leading him forward until I felt comfortable that we were a safe distance from the castle and any open areas surrounding us.

It was quiet now. The only sounds that could be heard were the whistling of the wind in the trees and the occasional chirping of a bird.

I let go of his hand and looked up at him.

"I need to tell you why I left," I said, taking a deep breath. "The real reason. I don't think I can live with myself any more until I have told you the truth."

I owe you that much, at least.

He leaned his head against a tree and looked at me, intensely, as though he was hanging onto my every word.

"I may be here now because of Rhys. But I didn't leave... I didn't leave the island for Rhys."

What I was about to say, before I caught myself, was: I didn't leave you for Rhys.

He frowned. I paused, preparing myself to utter the words I'd never spoken to anyone before. It was all I could do to not break down right then and there.

"I'm cursed, Kiev." I exhaled sharply as I said the words. "I'm cursed by two strokes. Two heavy, bloody strokes."

I wrapped my hand around a tree branch for support. I felt like I was grasping for any bit of grounding at that moment.

"A binding spell and an unbreakable oath have their hands wrapped around my soul. It's a long, long story, but right now you just need to understand the basics of what it means: I was cursed when I was younger to be bound to Rhys. I can't ever be with anyone else. And if I do leave him, everyone I come to care about will die."

Kiev stared at me, barely blinking.

"Now that I'm back with him, I'm hoping that the curse will no longer act. My magic has also been restored to me. But the moment I leave him, the curse will act again. And more people will die."

I paused and looked into his crimson eyes.

"And why exactly do you feel the need to tell me this?" he asked, still careful to keep his face expressionless.

The way he asked it was more of a challenge than a question.

I blushed.

"Was I someone you cared about?" he asked.

I averted my eyes to the ground and, biting my lip, I nodded.

"You might have been," I whispered.

"Am I someone you care about?"

"You might be," I breathed.

There was an awkward pause as I continued staring at the ground. I couldn't bear to look up at him and witness his reaction.

Finally, I managed to clear my throat and compose myself enough to look him in the eye again. "I... I just wanted to leave things cordially with you, all right? I want you to stop feeling bitter toward me."

He nodded slowly.

"I see."

"I need to leave now," I said, and turned to walk away.

"So you're not interested in how I got here?"

I paused mid-step, wincing.

I was burning to know how he got here. I was burning to know whether he had betrayed Matteo and Saira by joining these vampires. I was burning to know why his eyes had reverted to red.

But I had to leave. Staying any longer alone there with him would just make things more painful.

I've done what I came here to do.

Now, I must let go.

Though it cut me deep, I turned around to him and said, "I can't, Kiev."

Before he could say another word, I made myself vanish.

Chapter 26: Kiev

I found myself staring at the spot she had been standing in long after she'd disappeared. I was still processing her words.

But the words that came to the forefront of my mind, the words that still rang in my ears, were:

"You might be."

I stood still in the forest, trying to make sense of what I was feeling. Although I still felt in the dark about certain details, I now knew the cause of her departure. I knew why she'd repelled me for apparently no reason. I knew why she tried to keep her distance from me. So much light had been shed on things I'd been in the dark about for so long.

So why didn't I feel even a semblance of satisfaction? Or of peace?

Why did such a heavy feeling of disappointment envelop me?

None of it made any sense.

Later, once night had fallen, I sat in the cave, round the sacrificial stone, and made sure to position myself opposite Mona.

I had been ignoring her each night since she got here, but that night-the first night that she was doing everything she could to avoid my gaze-I barely took my eyes off of her. I watched her every movement. Her every flicker of expression. As if deciphering her body language would give me an insight into her mind.

It was then, as I examined her beautiful face, that it all came crashing down on me.

I realized exactly why I'd used Tiarni against her. And I realized why I'd been hit with such heavy disappointment.

Hooking up with the redhead hadn't been just to make the witch feel the pain I'd felt. It wasn't just to taste revenge by meting out punishment on her. No. It was far more than that. Deep down, I'd been thinking that if I made her jealous enough, she'd return to me.

Now I knew that could never happen. If she had told me the truth, her hands were tied.

In a passing moment, I entertained the idea of still pursuing her. I wasn't scared of Rhys. But I knew that my brother and sister were. I also knew that if he ever found out about our relationship, everything my siblings had sacrificed to keep peace and safety on this island would be compromised. Their own brother-a Novalic-would be caught having relations with the cult leader's woman.

It would cause irreparable damage.

Even I could see that.

If only for my siblings' sake, I ought to stay away from her now.

Still, as I lay in bed later that night after the ritual was over, I couldn't take my mind off her. She'd been in my thoughts before I drifted off to sleep each night since she'd arrived on the island, but that night was particularly vivid. Memories of our time together on Matteo's island flooded my mind.

Memories of that impossible, endearing witch.

I was still awake in the early hours of the morning when I heard a knock on my door.

"Kiev?"

The knocking grew louder. I ignored it.

"Kiev, it's me. Tiarni."

I lay deathly still.

"Do you not want to see me tonight?"

She knocked a few more times but eventually saw the futility of it. I listened as her footsteps disappeared down the corridor.

Chapter 27: Kiev

After a sleepless night, I found myself sitting in my sister's room. She sat on her bed while she manicured her nails. I'd already passed through an hour of small talk so that it wouldn't seem like I'd come specifically to ask about this.

"All these humans we have in the dungeon. We use them for food, as well as the rituals. All of them are kept in that basement, correct?"

Helina nodded. "Normally the witches take a human out of there to prepare them before the ritual, but otherwise the supply is always in the dungeon."

"I see," I said. "I wonder where the humans come from?"

"You've asked me that question before. The witches bring them to us."

"Yes, I know. But where do they come from? I'm just curious how the witches get hold of all these humans."

Helina's eyes darkened and she shook her head.

"I couldn't tell you that, Kiev. I have no idea."

"You've really never thought to ask?"

"Yes, we have. Erik and I have questioned the three sisters before. But they claim not to know. They say that only Isolde, Rhys and Efren know where the witches come from. The three of them disappear for a day together, every now and then, to top up the supply. My guess is that they steal from the ogres."

"Hm... interesting. Where do you think they store all those humans, once they've stolen them? I mean before they've brought them here."

She narrowed her eyes on me.

"You seem awfully interested in logistics, Kiev."

"I'm just curious." I shrugged. "Because it must be quite a task to keep procuring more, both for the rituals and for our consumption."

"Yes, I suppose it is," she said, relaxing a little. "I guess they must keep them somewhere on their own island before bringing them here."

"Interesting."

After that, I shifted the conversation elsewhere. I stayed for about half an hour longer chatting with her, and just before I left, I asked, "Any idea where Erik and Julisse are?"

"They're in the cave, tidying up from last night's ritual."

Perfect.

I left my sister's quarters and walked a few feet across the corridor to my brother's. The door was unlocked, which wasn't a surprise to me. People didn't seem to feel the need to lock doors around this castle. I pushed it open and stepped inside.

I'd already scanned my sister's rooms for a bottle of liquor I could take with me, but it appeared that she wasn't fond of drinking. I'd noticed, however, that my brother had a sizable stock and likely wouldn't notice if a bottle went missing.

I headed straight for his sitting room, opened up the glass cabinet in the corner of the room, and pulled out a particularly fine-looking rum from the back of the cupboard. Then I left his apartment, careful to close the door behind me.

I returned to my room and placed the bottle underneath my bed.

Chapter 28: Kiev

After the ritual that evening, I made my way to Tiarni's room. I knocked on the door. When there was silence, I knocked again and called, "It's Kiev. Open up."

The door opened instantly. The short redhead stood in the doorway, hands on her hips.

"What happened to-"

She barely had time to finish her sentence as I leaned down to kiss her. I kicked the door shut behind me and pulled her into the bedroom. Her face flushed and she breathed heavily.

"I missed you last night," I said.

"What? I came knocking on your door."

"And I was so, so sorry that I wasn't feeling well enough to open it." I sat down on the bed, and gripping her hips, I drew her closer to me, placing both her arms over my shoulders. "And I know that I need to make it up to you now."

She cocked her head to the side and gave me a sultry smile.

"How will you do that, Novalic?"

"I remember that you mentioned a few days ago how much you'd love to take me to your island... how it'd be just the two of us in that old empty castle... away from everyone... for a night of passion."

"Oh, Kiev. Yes. Yes," she said breathlessly.

"Let's leave. Let's leave now," I whispered into her ear. "Take me there. I'm yours."

"Hold my hands," she said, grabbing both of my hands.

She mumbled a spell and a few seconds later, after a whirl of colors blinded me, I found myself in another bedroom. It was a much darker room, filled with black wood furnishings and velvet fabrics.

"Welcome," she said. "You know that not anyone can enter this island. They have to be invited by one of the members of our coven. And certainly not just anyone can enter my bedroom..." She gripped my shirt and tugged me toward her bed.

"Wait, Tiarni. We have all night. Let's have a drink first."

Her eyes lit up and she hurried toward a cabinet in the corner of the room and pulled out a bottle of blood-red wine.

"I thought you said you didn't like liquor, darling?"

"I don't," I said. "But this is a special occasion."

She poured out two large glasses. In her excitement to be drinking with me, she swallowed down the wine in a few gulps. I insisted on pouring her another. And another. In the meantime, I was careful to take just a few sips of my own. I kept her so entertained with suggestive quips that she barely seemed to notice that she'd finished the bottle by herself.

Once she was decidedly drunk, she got up and once again tugged at me to follow her to bed.

"First won't you show me around?" I asked.

She seemed pleased with my request and happily led me out of her bedroom and around the dark, empty castle. We started at the highest level-where Rhys, Mona, Efren and Isolde resided, according to her. There was only one room that she wasn't able to show me on that floor. A room with a red door. She claimed that it was for witches only.

"It's where they conduct the most complicated spells," she slurred. "I've been in there before. It's really nothing interesting. There's just a round table and a few shelves with potions and things..."

We made our way down the levels, passing noticeably smaller rooms. We continued walking until we reached the bottom floor, where there was a dining hall and what appeared to be a kitchen area. Then I suggested that we take a walk outside. I made excuses to stay out until we finally came across what I'd hoped to see. A cluster of boats washed up on the beach. Old roughed-up boats that probably hadn't been used for many years, but boats nonetheless.

After that we returned inside. She stopped when we reached the kitchen again and said, "We're done!"

"That's it?"

"That's it! Oh, wait. There's also the dungeon, but that's a dirty stinky chamber you wouldn't want to see. Really nothing interesting down there."

"The dungeon? What do you keep in there?"

"Humans."

"I see." I nodded. "But what will we do for dinner? We may as well get a human from down there while we're at it."

Her eyes lit up. "Why, yes, of course! It really is a shame you only drink blood, you know. I make a delicious eyeball stew."

She continued blabbering about her cooking abilities until we reached a trapdoor located in a corner of the kitchen. She fumbled with the heavy bolt and pulled it open. Hanging on the wall just beneath the trapdoor was a large set of keys. She pulled it off and staggered down the steps, indicating that I follow.

Screams echoed all around the chambers as soon as we entered. I was right to not assume that the witches had brought all of their humans to The Shade.

The state these humans were kept in was about as dismal as the dungeon back in The Shade. Tiarni lost no time in unlocking one of the cells where a group of at least a dozen men were kept.

"Guard this gate," she said. "Don't let any of these pesky little things get out."

I did as she instructed while she reached for a young man nearest to her and pulled him out. He struggled against her, but not for long. She cast some kind of tranquilizing spell on him, after which he immediately became docile.

She locked the gate again and handed me the keys to hold as she led the boy up the stairs back to the kitchen. I followed and placed the keys back on their hook, then bolted the trapdoor behind us.

She chained the boy to a corner of the kitchen and muttered something about looking for a knife.

"You know, Tiarni, I've changed my mind. Why don't we go back to your bed first before eating? We might be hungry afterwards..."

She nodded and smiled broadly.

"Anything you say, Novalic."

She vanished us both up to her bedroom. We undressed and got into bed, where I stayed until she passed out from exhaustion.

Once she was snoring, I dared get out of bed, pull on some clothes and leave the room.

I sped down the levels of the dark deserted castle and didn't stop racing until I'd reached the kitchen. The boy chained to the wall was sleeping. I unbolted the trapdoor, reached for the keys and shook him to consciousness.

"Boy, listen to me," I whispered urgently.

He whimpered as soon as he saw my red eyes staring at him.

I covered his mouth with my hand. "I'm not going to hurt you. I'm going to help you escape. All right?"

Overwhelmed and bewildered, he nodded. The spell Tiarni had placed on him was still heavy upon him. Still, he at least seemed to be able to comprehend what I was saying.

"Follow me."

Predictably, as soon as I reached the bottom of the stairs, the whole dungeon erupted in screams.

"Silence!" I shouted. I gripped the boy's shoulder and pushed him in front of me. "I'm here to help you all escape. Do exactly as I say."

I rushed around the chamber unlocking all the cells. Once all of them were free, I ordered that they follow me up the stairs.

I gathered them all in the kitchen and looked around at their skinny frames and hollow faces.

"Now, you mustn't make a sound. Follow me. Move as fast as you can."

I led them all out of the main entrance and hurried along the rocky shoreline. It took much longer than I was comfortable with because they were terribly weak from lack of sun and nutrition. But we arrived eventually.

I pointed to the creaking boats.

"Climb aboard. The strongest of you must take the rowing positions. Organize yourselves."

I waited while they scrambled to board the boats and decide on their respective positions. It was a sorry sight to see. They were all so weak, I wasn't sure how they'd survive more than a day at sea. And even if they made it to a mainland somewhere, God knew what creatures would be waiting for them there. Still, hope sparked in their cloudy eyes. And that hope was enough to give them the strength to row those old vessels away from the witches' island and out into the deep dark ocean.

I hoped that whatever lay in store for them would at least be better than what would have befallen them should they have stayed under Rhys' reign.

That I didn't find hard to believe.

Chapter 29: Kiev

I returned to Tiarni still snoring in bed. I removed my clothes, lay back down next to her and woke up with her hours later.

She rubbed her forehead and grinned at me.

"I drank too much last night... But, oh, was it worth it."

She reached over to kiss me, but I got out of bed before she could wrap her arms around me.

"We should return now."

She sighed and nodded. After we'd both dressed, she transported us back to her bedroom in The Shade. She managed to steal a kiss from me before I left her.

I exited the castle and ran to the beach. I sped around the circumference of the island until I saw The Black Bell in the distance, moored in the harbor. Behind it, I was relieved to see several other smaller ships. And beyond that line of ships was an enclosed area of sea water where dozens of dolphins swam about.

Good, there are plenty here.

I boarded the second largest ship in the harbor other than The Black Bell and looked around. Everything seemed to be in good shape. And most importantly, there were ample harnesses for dolphins.

Satisfied that everything was in order, I returned to my room.

Rummaging around in a drawer, I found some parchment and a quill. I sat down at the desk, and in a handwriting as much unlike my own as I could manage, I wrote:

"You work so hard, Damion.

You deserve a break.

Drink up,

Your secret admirer."

I spent the rest of the day in my room. When evening fell and it was nearing the ritual time, I folded up the note, grabbed the bottle of rum from beneath my bed, and hid them both beneath my cloak.

I left the room and made my way downstairs to the main entrance. I waited by the staircase and watched as vampires and witches hurried out of the main entrance. Finally, I spotted the man I'd been waiting for. The old vampire, Damion. Once he was out of sight, I walked toward the kitchen area and stopped outside a door just before the entrance to the kitchen. I pushed it open, walked into Damion's small bedroom, and placed the note and the bottle down on his bed.

Then I hurried off to the cave. I was the last vampire to enter, but I was not late. I took my usual seat next to Tiarni, and opposite Mona. Throughout the sacrifice, Mona made a concerted effort to ignore me again.

I was relieved when it was over. I was the first to exit the cave and I raced back to my room before the redhead could call after me.

* * *

Once the early hours of the morning had arrived, I left my quarters and walked around the corridors to see if anybody was still up and about. I couldn't hear or see any people. And if all had gone to plan, Damion definitely wouldn't be going about any of his night-time duties.

I headed straight for the dungeon. But before opening the hatch, I paused. I couldn't afford for anyone to scream this time. There were far more people to hear. I stood there for several minutes, trying to figure out how on earth I was going to pull this off.

That was when I heard it. Someone shuffling down the stairs. I sprinted back from the dungeon entrance and hid in the shadow of a nearby column. A short, round vampire-clearly drunk-staggered toward the hatch.

Whimpering started as soon as he disappeared from my view, down the steps and into the dungeon. I crept over to the open trapdoor and peered over the edge. He was headed toward the far end of the dungeon, his back facing me. Seeing that all of the humans' eyes were fixed on him, I managed to slip inside and hide behind an old barrel without any of them noticing. The vampire pulled out one of the plumper women from a cell and pulled her back up the steps with him.

He must have fancied an early morning snack. I doubted though that it was permissible to just swipe a human for himself whenever he felt like it. We were supposed to be served our blood at meal times.

There was a tinkle of keys being hung back on their hook. Then he closed the hatch and drew the heavy metal bolt.

That meant that I could no longer use that as an exit. Thankfully, there was another door that led into the kitchen in the far end of the dungeon.

Now it's time to get to work.

I grabbed the keys from the hook above the trapdoor and managed to free and organize the humans in much the same way as I had done the night before back on the witches' island.

I opened up the kitchen door and led them all inside. From there, they followed me outside, round the back of the castle.

Although my heart pounded in my chest every second I herded those humans away from the castle, I managed to get them to the harbor safely and have them board the ship I'd inspected earlier. I harnessed half a dozen dolphins for them and put the most capable-looking men in charge of navigating the ship.

I knew enough about traveling with dolphins by now to give them a few hurried instructions. They looked bewildered when I left them, but I trusted that their desperation for escape would drive them to figure things out.

Before I left the ship, one of the men I'd just been instructing clasped my shoulder and said, "Thank you."

No, thank you.

Chapter 30: Kiev

I took a seat in the dining hall at lunch time just in time to witness Damion storming through the doors, his face filled with confusion and anxiety.

"The humans are gone!"

Exclamations of shock broke out around the table.

Rhys jumped up immediately and walked out with Damion. Isolde and Efren followed soon after. The rotund vampire I'd seen down in the dungeon last night had guilt in his eyes. Perhaps he thought that he might have been responsible, since he had been drunk.

The three witches returned half an hour later, each with ashen expressions on their faces.

"Damion is right." Rhys' voice boomed through the hall. "Somehow, every single human in that dungeon got away last night. It appears that the kitchen door was left open. The keys to each cell lay strewn on the ground. One of the ships is missing along with several dolphins. How these things happened is a mystery." He shot a sharp look at Erik, Helina, and me. "Novalics, I expect that you'll conduct an investigation into how this happened. And make sure that it never happens again."

With that, he took Mona's hand and walked with her out of the room.

Once the door had slammed behind them, Helina gripped my arm and tugged at me to stand up.

"Erik, follow us," she said.

"What?" he said.

"Just follow us."

She led us both out of the castle and through the courtyard. She stopped once we reached the lily pond, out of earshot from everyone.

"What?" I asked.

"Tell me that you didn't have anything to do with this."

"I didn't have anything to do with this."

"Why on earth would Kiev have anything to do with this?" Erik asked, bewildered.

Helina glared at me. "He was asking me about the humans the other day."

Erik looked at me, frowning.

"We talked about lots of things the other day," I said coolly. "Humans just happened to be one of them."

"You were asking me some very specific questions. Logistics."

"So? What is your point exactly? You know how much I despise the taste of animal blood. Why the hell would I want all our humans to escape?"

Helina bit her lip, her suspicious eyes lingering on me.

"I don't know. I just don't know..."

"You're being paranoid, Helina," Erik said, squeezing her shoulder. "After all we've told him about these witches, Kiev wouldn't do something as foolish as this."

My sister paused, still staring at me.

"I really hope he wouldn't."

Chapter 31: Mona

"I need to go back and bring over some more humans from our dungeon," Rhys said. "I imagine it will take less than an hour. It'll be much quicker than trying to track down those humans in the ocean."

Rhys bent down to kiss my forehead and left the room. I walked out onto the balcony. Isolde, Efren and a few other witches stood in the courtyard. When Rhys joined them, they all vanished at once into thin air.

Sighing, I walked back into the room. I changed into my dressing gown and lay back on the bed. I was still in shock over what had happened to the humans. I couldn't imagine what possible reason anyone on this island could have had for wanting the humans to escape. The more logical explanation was that some drunk vampire had been careless and left the keys too near the cells during the night, allowing the humans to let themselves out.

I sat up suddenly as a thud came from the balcony.

What in the world...

"Kiev!" I gasped, as the vampire appeared through the curtains. He must have jumped from the floor above. "Have you lost your mind?"

"It's a question I've been asking myself recently," he said, staring at me.

"You can't be here!" I hissed. "Get out!"

I gripped his shirt and attempted to push him back out onto the balcony. He didn't budge an inch.

"Rhys is gone," he said calmly, gripping my hands and lowering them from his chest.

"He'll be back in less than an hour! He could reappear in this very room in the next minute for all I know. It won't take long to-"

"I wouldn't be so sure about that."

"What? He just said-"

"Rhys will be gone for at least a day, according to Helina."

"H-how do you-"

He reached a finger to my mouth and pushed me down into a sitting position on the bed.

"He'll find his dungeon empty. He'll have to go hunting for more humans."

"You... you did all this?"

Kiev nodded, his eyes never leaving mine.

"How? How did you-"

"I suggest that we don't waste time with detailed explanations," he said, cutting through me. "We only have a day."

I clutched a hand to my forehead and moved closer to the open balcony doors, trying to breathe deeply and calm my racing heart.

Think. Think, Mona.

Don't do something you'll regret.

"You have your magic back now. Can you make us vanish?" he asked.

"Vanish? Yes, but-"

He stood up and took my hands, intertwining my fingers with his.

"But what?"

I thought for a moment. What am I objecting to? Kiev has assured me that we have a day before Rhys returns. Is it that I don't trust him?

No, I trust him.

I trust him more than I trust myself sometimes.

"But... where should we vanish to?" I asked softly.

"Take us to the old island."

"Matteo's island?"

"Where else?"

Kiev's lips curled slightly in a smile.

I rushed to the bathroom and changed back into my dress. When I returned to the room I found Kiev staring out through the balcony doors.

"What is it?" I asked.

"Nothing," he said. "I... I just want us to get out of here."

I clasped his hands in mine and a few seconds later, we had disappeared into a blur of colors.

Chapter 32: Mona

We reappeared on the beach, just outside the main gate.

As I looked around, my first reaction was shock. The gate was wide open, the sand leading up to it stained with blood.

I gripped Kiev's arm and looked up at him. I didn't understand why he didn't have even a hint of surprise in his eyes.

"What happened here?" I asked, as I ran to the gate and entered through it.

"The Shade's vampires stormed the place," he said, catching up with me. "My siblings... they drove everyone away."

I whirled around to face him.

"You betrayed Matteo and Saira?"

He winced.

"They believe so," he said. "But I didn't. I was trying to fulfill my promise to Matteo that I'd bring a witch here. Celice. My siblings... they used me and turned the visit into an ambush."

"Why would they do that?"

"They said it was the rules. I had an attachment to Matteo and this island. They had to break it."

I clasped a hand to my mouth.

"Oh, no. That's so awful."

We stood there for several minutes, gazing around the empty forest.

"Did Matteo and Saira escape?" I asked, afraid to hear the answer.

He nodded.

"Did they all escape alive?"

"Most of them," he said, lowering his eyes to the ground.

I didn't want to stand in that part of the island any longer. The thought of bodies of vampires and werewolves I had known lying in the undergrowth somewhere around us was too much to bear.

I caught Kiev's hand and pulled him deeper into the forest. Desperate to take my mind off what I'd just found out, I spent the next hour asking him questions that had been pent up inside of me for so long. He answered each question-and counter-question-patiently.

He explained to me that normally as soon as he left the boundaries of The Shade, he was hit by a splitting headache and started coughing blood. But he said that now he felt none of that. I took that as confirmation that since I'd returned to Rhys, he'd decided to make the curse dormant.

Finally, I stopped walking and stared at his red eyes.

"How did those happen?"

"I don't know how, or why. All I know is that they turned back soon after I arrived in The Shade."

We both fell silent and continued walking until we reached the edge of the lake. Butterflies fluttered in my stomach as my eyes fell on the little cabin in the middle of the water. It was like seeing an old friend again. I scanned the banks for my old row boat. Then I remembered that we wouldn't need that any more.

I held onto Kiev and transferred us to outside of the cabin's front door. I entered and looked around. It seemed different than when I'd last seen it. It looked cleaner. The floor had been wiped of my blood. The bed was made. My clothes no longer hung on the back of the chair. Someone had definitely lived in it since I'd left.

"I'm glad to see you back in here," Kiev said quietly.

I didn't understand, but I nodded all the same.

"I'm glad too. It feels like home."

I opened the balcony doors. The fresh scent of the water wafted in. We stood in silence for several minutes, just savoring the peace and stillness of the place.

"And now?" I said finally.

Kiev didn't answer. His eyes remained fixed on a patch of lilies outside.

"What now?"

Silence.

"Why are we here?"

More silence.

My eyes travelled from him, to the lake, and back.

And an overwhelming sense of loss crashed over me.

Winded, I had to part my lips to gasp for air.

The chirping of the birds, the swaying of the trees, the sea breeze... and Kiev, standing less than three feet away from me-everything that was perfect about that moment suddenly seemed like the cruelest illusion imaginable.

Temporary.

Fallible.

Already broken.

I was an outside observer. And for one day, I'd been allowed to stare at the vision of a life that I would die for. A life that I could never reach out to touch without it bursting into flames.

"Why did you bring me here?"

It felt like I was screaming into an abyss.

My body began to shake. I grabbed a vase from the windowsill and smashed it against the floor.

"Why?"

He finally looked at me, but his expression remained blank, his lips unmoving.

My eyes burned as tears flowed. I launched forward and gripped his shirt. I tugged it so violently it ripped.

"Answer me!"

Seizing my hands, he wrestled me to the bed.

I punched.

I kicked.

I tried to bite.

He dodged it all. He climbed on top of me, his knees pinning my legs against the mattress, his strong hands stretching out my arms above my head.

"I'm not here to comfort you," he said, staring down at me. His voice was husky, his breathing heavy. "Because I don't know. I don't have the answer. Hell, I don't have any answers. I'm not going to pretend that I do. I'm not going to pretend that everything is going to work out. Because I don't know that it will. Christ, any look at my history will tell you that it definitely won't. All I know is that I needed to see you again."

I stopped struggling beneath him.

His hold around my arms loosened and he gave me back control over my legs.

I reached up to touch his cheek.

He gripped the back of my neck with one hand and lowered himself over me. He traced my lips with his mouth as his other hand reached beneath my dress and settled over my abdomen.

Then he kissed me so hard it hurt.

He paused only to pull off my clothes. I stood up to tear off his already damaged shirt while he discarded his pants. Pushing me back down on the mattress, he remained standing over me. I suddenly felt shy as his eyes roamed the length of my body. He smiled slightly-on seeing me blush, I assumed-and after a few moments, he lowered himself again, his tensed-up body pressing against me.

As his hip brushed against the black rose on my inner thigh, more tears welled in my eyes.

But I fought them back.

I'm with Kiev. And right now, he's all that exists.

He is my world.

He is my life.

And I wanted to give him more. More than he could take. As he touched deep inside me, even taking all of me didn't feel enough.

He rolled onto his back and pulled me on top of him. Brushing my hair aside, he kissed every inch of my face he could reach.

"Your eyes," I gasped. "They're green again!"

He looked up at me as though that didn't come as much of a surprise.

"I don't know what turns them red," he breathed. "Darkness? The Shade? My own warped mind? Hell knows... But now, I do know what turns them green."

Epilogue

Celice

Oh, my.

Who would have thought?

I suspected something odd as soon as Mona dropped her glass at the dinner table the first night she arrived. Then Kiev left a few moments after she rushed out.

Since I was in the habit of stalking Kiev anyway, I followed. And after I heard their little conversation down by the beach... Well, I was intrigued, to say the least.

I made it my business to stalk both of them from then on, whenever I got the chance. An invisibility charm helped a lot with that. Although on the balcony of Rhys' room I admit that I got a little careless. Kiev heard the gravel crunch beneath my feet as I lowered myself.

I didn't need to use the charm now in this forest. Even crouching behind the bushes, I had clear view of the lake. And trust them to leave the balcony doors open again. The fools.

The thing was, if I couldn't have Kiev, there was no way in hell that I could sit back and watch Mona having him.

Besides, Kiev broke his promise to me.

Now wait until my brother finds out just how Mona is breaking her promise to him.

Never insult a witch, Kiev...

