Prologue

Childhood memories.

What purpose do they serve?

To oblige a comfort for the weak of mind? Perhaps a reminder of better times? To assist as hope on dark days?

Memories are subjective and one-sided.

They are a double-entendre.

My childhood memories are not like others.

I don't remember my mother...or my father, for that matter.

My first solid memory comes from when I was five years old.

It is frequent.

It is repetitive.

It is a lesson. One I have not forgotten.

This memory serves me well.

I'm awoken with a start. Panting, sweating and angry. A growl sounds from deep in my throat; it hurts, but the pain is comforting.

I can't remember the dream.

I hear her voice-my mother-but her face is dim. This makes me angry. Furious. My growl turns guttural; my face beads with sweat. I shake with rage.

They taunt me-the dreams.

I hold my balled fists by my temple. I don't need anyone to tell me my knuckles are white. I fist them so tightly; they're numb.

She's in there; I know she is.

Why can't I remember her?

The nuns tell me it's not possible for me to have these memories, and they are merely nightmares. My mind is playing tricks.

Sister Francis opens the door to my bedroom. It's always her. She is the only one with the patience to deal with me. Everyone else has given up.

I like Sister Francis.

Continuously growling until my throat burns, I avoid her worried gaze. She coos at me from across the room, arms open, but something stops her from providing the comfort I so desperately need.

My growling stops. Instead, I listen.

Father Robert holds Sister Francis back. They argue quietly. I'm not sure what is happening, but Sister Francis...her face crumples. She places her hands up in prayer, her face pleading as she begs. He shakes his head, his expression firm.

She dips her chin, covers her mouth and sobs. Father Robert's expression remains unchanged. For a second, he looks almost apologetic. As he moves to enter my bedroom, she cries out, muttering and mumbling, trying in vain to hold him back.

My heart stutters even now, in the present.

His face.

The anger.

Oh, the rage.

When he pushes her back harshly, she stumbles.

My body turns cold. Pressure builds in my ears.

I don't like that. I want to scratch his eyes out.

I don't even realise I sit here, statue-like, watching.

Without checking on her, Father Robert enters my room, and Sister Francis calls out over and over, "I'm sorry, little one. I'm sorry."

For the first time in my life, I'm no longer angry.

Fear courses through my veins, pulsing through my temples with every beat of my racing heart.

He locks the door behind him.

"It is time you are taught, Catarina." He pauses mid-step and stands in the middle of my bedroom. "You were sent to us, a gift from God himself. You will aid us in our cause."

I don't understand what he's saying. My mind is too young to comprehend what it is he is telling me.

Pulling his shirt out of his pants, he walks towards me.

"It is time you are taught."

My lesson that day was simple.

I am a gift and this is God's will.

I take a moment to look around my room from my place on my cot.

Bare. My room is bare-just the way I like it to be. I have no need for material things. Material possessions mean nothing to a person like me. They are wasted on the humble-minded.

I slide off my cot and kneel by my bedside. My eyes flutter closed. I grip the rosary beads, place my hands together, and begin my silent chant of morning prayers.

Father Robert did as he said that day.

He taught me. Taught me things a child should not be taught.

But I'm different.

Don't feel bad for me. God's will must never be questioned. This is my lot in life.

I will tell you one thing, so listen carefully and heed my warning:

Things are not always as they seem.

Chapter One

"Dammit, Catarina," he pants.

I puff out my own unsteady breaths. Sweat trails down my temples. Exertion does that to a person.

His hold on me is too hard to get out of. He grits his teeth and snarls, "Fight me."

He likes when I fight him. It makes him happy.

So I do.

I do whatever Father Robert tells me to. He calls me his good girl, even though I'm anything but good. I'm constantly reminded of this fact.

I struggle in his hold and puff out, "I'm trying."

He pulls me further into his body. "There is no try; there is only do."

Dear Lord, please give me the strength I need to fight.

I need to fight. He'll be so disappointed if I don't.

His heavy breathing turns harsh. He's angry at me, at my lack of trying. One arm clamps around my middle, the other around my neck.

I am not to submit. Not ever.

He pulls his forearm tightly around my neck and I begin to wheeze. The pressure on my throat becomes unbearable. Father Robert does this purposely. I have issues with people touching my neck. He knows this. I know what he's doing: he's forcing me to fight.

His coaxing works.

My anger builds, a slow burn in my stomach, searing my insides, turning me into exactly what he wants me to be.

A growl starts low in my throat.

Father Robert's cruel laughter follows, "That's it, Cat. Get angry." I bring my knee up, and then slam my heel down onto his foot as hard as I can. He snarls, "Fuck." His arms loosen a moment before he quickly recovers, "Good."

Rage sizzles in my veins. I don't want to hurt him. I want to kill him.

Baring my teeth, I snarl right back. My elbow connects with his ribs. He makes no move to show its hurt him, apart from the breath that escapes him in a whoosh. My rage continues to build quickly, boiling into fury. Body thrashing, head whipping from side to side, I let out an animalistic roar.

And he laughs.

He laughs at me.

I become frenzied. My anger so potent, my body shakes. I suddenly want to cry. I feel helpless, like a tornado being contained in a small box.

Gripping my hair, I yelp as he pulls on my ponytail hard. His lips hit the shell of my ear. "Use what you have."

My mind clears a second before I open my mouth and bite the arm at my neck, sinking my teeth in hard enough to break skin.

Father Robert bellows as loud as he can. I can taste his blood in my mouth, and rather than feeling ill, it fuels me like gasoline thrown onto a fire. Pleasure courses through my pulsing veins.

Not laughing anymore, are you, Father?

I smirk and lick my lips, savouring the metallic taste of small victories.

Considering Father Robert is close to 6'3, and is approximately two-hundred-and-thirty pounds of muscle, and I am only 5'6 and weigh one-hundred-and-forty pounds, perhaps this victory isn't so small.

My adrenaline begins to fade, and with it, my anger. My body becomes weak and slumps. Father Robert feels this. I am of no use to him now. He releases me, puts a hand to my head and pushes me away playfully.

I fall onto the padded mat, huffing and puffing. Sweat drips onto the floor beneath me. Squinting, I look up at his stern face.

His once-black hair now salt-and-pepper is neatly cut. His broad chest and shoulders are heaving with every breath. Black sweat pants cover his long, thick legs, and he is barefooted. His dark brown eyes bore into mine. If he wasn't a priest, Father Robert would be considered rather dashing.

Not that he isn't. I've seen the way women look at him. Of course, I don't see him this way. The man is the closest thing I have to an actual father.

He crosses his arms over his chest and scolds, "Catarina, what the heck was that?"

A pang of sadness pierces my chest and I lower my head.

He sighs. "You need to do better. Today's session was atrocious. Disgusting."

My breathing still heavy, I stand on weak legs and move to stand in front of him. "I'm sorry, Bob. I had an off-morning."

Large hands fall on my shoulders. He bends at the waist to look me in the eye. "Get your head in the game, Fury."

I nod.

"You're going to get yourself killed."

I nod once more. He's right, after all.

His voice turns harsh as he says, "If you get yourself killed, I'll find a way to resurrect you just so I can kill you myself."

I can't hold back my grin no matter how hard I try. "We don't believe in resurrection, Father Robert."

He rolls his eyes and says, "Har-di-har-har."

He wraps an arm around my shoulders and walks me back to my quarters. "No session tonight; your mind is preoccupied. Sleep it off and we'll start fresh tomorrow." Disappointment laces his voice, and I can't help the feeling of frustration settling over me.

Sort your shit out, girl.

I whisper, "I'm sorry. I'll do better."

When we reach the door to my room, he faces me, leans down and kisses my forehead. "I know you will." His fatherly smile warms me. I smile back, albeit weakly. "May the lord be with you, Catarina."

"And also with you, Father."

He hesitates a moment, indecision crossing his features. Finally, he takes my hand in his and says a hushed, "I let you go unprepared last time. We all nearly paid for your...I mean my mistake. It won't happen again, child. I promise."

My cheeks flush. The heat radiates off me in dull waves.

He had to bring it up, didn't he?

It's not like I don't think about that night every single day. It's not like I haven't lost sleep over it every night since.

He smiles apologetically, and then leaves me to reflect.

And reflect I do.

Chapter Two

Memories of that night haunt me.

Father Robert always takes the blame, but the truth is-it was my fault.

I know it.

Everyone knows it.

It will forever be a thorn in my side. There is nothing I can do about that though, only live in the now.

I dress myself in a plain white, long-sleeved shirt buttoned completely, a navy plaid skirt that comes well below my knees, navy tights and black ballet flats. I attach my short navy-coloured veil to my head with hairpins, close my eyes, say a small prayer and then exit my room.

Most often, a postulant will not wear a veil, as it isn't required, but if they choose to-as I have-the veil will be shorter than a nun's and darker in colour.

Holding my hands together in front of me, I walk silently towards the kitchen, where I can already hear the sweet laughter of Sister Francis. I smile and enter. Sister Francis, elbow-deep in bread dough, lifts her head and beams at me. "Well, if it isn't my little kitty Cat." She winks and I resist the urge to roll my eyes.

Sister Francis-affectionately known to me as Frankie-is like a sister to me. She is sweet, kind and funny-everything I could ever want in a sister had I been able to choose for myself. She is ten years my senior and beautiful, with a natural kind of beauty. Her copper-coloured hair is long and wavy, her eyes are the bluest of blues and her skin is pale alabaster. The thing that makes her the prettiest though is her smile.

When Frankie smiles, everyone smiles. Her smile is a celebration that calls other smiles to it.

"Good morning, Frankie."

I ignore the huff that comes out of Sister Arianne and quickly greet her too. "Good morning, Sister."

A few years older than Frankie, Sister Arianne is rake-thin, blonde and green-eyed; she is also very proper, well mannered and mildly stern. Her French accent is awesome. She can turn any insult into something suave and chic. "Good morning, petit amie. I will ask you save such familiarity 'til after church hours, no?" Her glare cuts through me like a hot knife through butter.

Feeling chastised, I respond quietly, "Of course, Sister." Turning to Frankie, I mutter, "Sorry, Sister Francis." I turn back to Sister Arianne. "It won't happen again."

Frankie's having none of it. "Oh, for heaven's sake, Ari, no one's around! We know the drill, all right?"

Sister Arianne smiles at me. "I know, but Cat is a good girl." She turns to glare at Frankie. "She listens to me, unlike some. Besides, any bad behaviour reflects badly on Father Robert. Understand?"

Frankie rolls her eyes at Ari, and then turns to me. "Listen, kid, I have you down for kitchen duty this morning, but I've done most of it anyways. Could you take garden duty?"

I hide my smile.

Garden duty.

My favourite.

"Yes, Sister Francis." Before she can change her mind, I'm out the backdoor.

As soon as I'm through it, I hear her call, "And for the love of God, call me Frankie!"

***

I love garden duty.

Something about picking fresh produce in the crisp morning air calms me.

I take my time choosing the ripest tomatoes, greenest cucumbers and most vibrant peppers for tonight's dinner. I bring each vegetable to my nose and breathe in the earthy sweetness before placing it with the others in my basket.

It's probably not a big deal to most, but this garden is special to me. I've grown these vegetables and herbs myself. I have nurtured them, fed them and treated them with the utmost care.

They are something I have that no one can take from me.

This garden is my haven.

When I'm feeling down, I pray out here in the open. I feel closer to God here than I do in the church.

Crazy, I know.

This church is all I have. This is my family.

And that's okay. I know we don't have a choice in the life we are dealt, but if I had to choose, I would keep the one I have.

Not every day is easy like today. Most days start with rising early and going to bed well into the night. It's exhausting, but necessary. Father Robert says so. And I trust him.

I was born to be what I am. I have been told this from early in my childhood. The message has stuck. It's for the greater good. Sacrifices must be made. There is no other way.

Fate can be a cruel bitch.

***

"Cat? Cheri?"

I put down my trowel and turn to the familiar voice. Sister Arianne walks towards me, worry etched on her delicate features.

My stomach immediately plummets.

I love Ari as much as the other sisters, but she is a problem solver. She has the mind of an engineer, needing to know how things work, what problems stem from and how to fix them.

I mentally roll my eyes in anticipation of what's coming.

She takes a seat on the bench closest to me. I pick up my trowel and dig another hole in the soft, brown soil of the garden, ready to replant another bunch of basil.

"You do not wish to talk to me about what is troubling you, dear?"

A noise escapes me, one filled with derision. I haven't meant for it to escape, but my mouth has other ideas. When Ari and I are alone, I am allowed to talk candidly. "Ari, I'm an eighteen-year-old girl living in a convent behind a church in a small town. Sometimes, the highlight of my day is you bugging me." She smiles warmly and I smile back. Suddenly, my smile falls away as I realise something. I huff out a harsh breath and look into nothingness. "Wow. That's really sad, isn't it?"

Her face falls too, but only for a moment before correcting it with a big smile. "Non, petit fille. Things could be much worse."

I nod solemnly. Things could be much worse, but right now, I can't think of anything much worse than being separated from the outside world and living as a hermit. Such is life.

Bringing my attention back to the garden, I pick up the basil plant and do my magic. "What did he say to get you all anxious, Ari?"

Her beaming smile turns sad. "Bob...he worries for you. He wonders if you will ever be ready." At that, my head snaps up, a glower contorting my face. Ari tuts, bringing a hand up to my face. "You are far too pretty to make such a face." Smoothing my brow, she coaxes, "Do not make the angry faces. They do not suit you, mon ange."

Fed up, I throw down my trowel and argue, "I'm ready, Ari. I've been ready for two damn years."

A look of surprise crosses her features at my outburst.

I don't blame her-I'm usually quite passive-but I'm sick of living my mistake over and over every single day. If only...

I move to stand in front of her. "Let me prove it to you."

Her brow rises in disbelief before her eyes narrow on me. "Prove it? You wish to prove it to me? How, may I ask, will you be doing this?"

"Tonight. I'll come with you."

She barks out a laugh. When she realises I'm not joking, she enquires through tight lips, "You wish to accompany me this evening?"

"Yes."

Her face voids of all emotion. "You do not have to do this, Cat. There is time. You can't rush perfection, darling."

"I want to. I want to come." She still looks hesitant, so I do my best to reassure her. "I can do this, Ari."

She doesn't look convinced.

We stare at each other a few seconds, and I tell her quietly, "I was born to do this."

That seems to cement her decision.

She stands, her rosary bound tightly around her hand. She brushes her hands down her black gown, adjusts her habit and sighs. "Very well, my dear, we leave at midnight. Be ready."

My head bobs in a tight, firm motion. I can't believe what I just heard.

She agreed!

I watch her walk away. Just before she leaves the grounds, she turns and says, "I love you, child, but tonight, there is no room for error. None at all. If you believe for a second you can't do this, you need to tell me now."

My eyes lift in thought, and then I look back to Sister Arianne. "No, I'm fine. I can do this."

She smiles widely. "D'accord, midnight, little one. God be with you."

I mutter slowly and incredulously, "And also with you."

Holy mother of God.

Tonight.

Midnight.

Chapter Three

I run through the nave of the church, all the way to the end, only screeching to a halt to make the sign of the cross in front of a ten-foot tall statue of a crucified Jesus before quickly rushing to Father Robert's office.

Knocking, I don't wait for a response before I throw the door open with a grin.

And stop dead in my tracks.

Frankie is bent over the large wooden desk, her black gown pulled up over her exposed, naked ass, her habit off with her red hair falling in waves off the edge of the desk, her face twisted in ecstasy. Bob pumps into her from behind, his ass bare, but his black slacks and shirt still on. She pants and whimpers with every thrust.

I can't take my wide eyes off them.

Bob looks to be in pain. His teeth are gritted, face turned up towards the ceiling, the veins in his neck pulled tight and bulging.

It all happens so quickly.

Frankie's eyes shoot open and lock on mine. "Fuck, Bob! Catarina!"

Father Robert stops his harsh thrusting and turns to find me flushed in the doorway. "Shit!" When I still don't move, he booms, "A little privacy, Cat."

That jolts me.

Me and my wide eyes use our shaking hands to slam the door shut behind us.

Shit.

Oh, God. That really just happened, didn't it?

I wait, and wait, and consider leaving, and wait some more. My feet make the decision for me. Five minutes of waiting and I start to walk away. Just as I reach the end of the hall, the office door opens and Frankie calls out, "Whoa there, pu**y Cat. Get in here."

Face lowered, I turn and rush past Frankie into Bob's office.

My eyes trained on my shoes, I stand in the middle of the office flicking the beads of my rosary.

I don't lift my head. I don't dare look him in the face right now.

I know Bob and Frankie can do what they like. There's no one holding them back. But imagine finding your dad screwing your best friend.

Ewww.

Frankie comes up behind me, placing an arm around my waist. She pulls me into her and chuckles. "Oh, c'mon. Don't be embarrassed. It's just sex. We've talked about sex before." Bob makes a disgusted noise in his throat, and Frankie says in his direction, "Don't you start. She's eighteen years old. Don't act like you thought she could avoid it forever."

Bob curses under his breath. "You're really not helping, Francis."

Frankie places her lips at my ear and whispers out the side of her mouth, loud enough for all of us to hear, "Uh-oh, now I'm in trouble. He called me Francis."

Bob scoffs. "Cat is a good girl. She's not having sex. Ever." Grasping for a ray of hope in his desperation, he says weakly, "Besides, she's dedicated to God. And the church."

Frankie barks out a laugh. "You actually sounded like a real priest for a second there. Kudos to you."

"Yeah, well, one of us has to act legit. Lord knows you'd blow our cover in less than an hour if I left you in charge. And back to the issue-like I said, Cat will not be having sex. Not as long as I'm alive."

Frankie leans over the desk, her hair still free as it hangs in front of Bob's face. A cruel smile spreads across her face. "What makes you think she hasn't already?"

Oh, my God. I have no idea where this conversation is going, but I don't like it.

I hiss, "Frankie!"

She shrugs, and Bob turns to me looking shocked. "Is that true, Cat?"

Still looking at Frankie, my lip curls. "Look at what you did."

Bob asks hesitantly, "Was it James?"

Oh, man.

I haven't heard that name in over two years.

Frankie's face pales as she turns to me. "I'm sorry. I was only joking. I had no idea he'd..."

Bob cuts her off when he repeats, "Was it James?"

Frankie wraps her arm around my shoulders in a consoling gesture.

Thoughts of James cause a flurry of emotions to course through my mind. Anger. Sadness. Grief. Anger. Mostly anger. Although I'm not sure who that anger is aimed at.

Frankie clears her throat before announcing, "I was only joking around, Bob. Cat hasn't been with anyone...not in the biblical sense." No one says a thing, so Frankie adds, "Sometimes, I don't know when to quit with the jokes. Sorry...to both of you."

I accept her apology with a small nudge of my head into her shoulder.

Bob coughs. "I shouldn't have brought him up. I'm sorry, Cat. I should've known she was joking."

A memory seems to come out of nowhere. I stare through the foot of the table.

A concerned, "Cat?"

Then distantly, "Cat?"

James smiles down at me and his brows furrow in disbelief. "For me? Really?"

I hand him the wrapped gift, smiling. "Happy birthday."

He leans into me, pressing a soft kiss to my lips. And it's wonderful. I love his kisses.

His messy light brown hair curls behind his ears; his hazel eyes crinkle in the corners as he smiles, his straight white teeth gleaming. "You didn't need to get me anything, Cat."

My sixteen-year-old self flushes. "Twenty-one is a milestone. It's an important birthday. Of course you need a gift."

His face turns angry, and then sad. He brings his forehead down on mine gently and whispers, "I don't deserve you."

My eyes close in contented bliss. I whisper back, "I love you, James."

I come back to reality with a start. A sharp, "What?" flies out of my mouth.

Bob and Frankie both blink at me.

Bob utters quietly, "I'm sorry, girl. I shouldn't have brought him up. It's been a long time."

I nod in agreement. It has been a long time.

He clears his throat, and then smiles. "So, what brought you down here quicker than a demon bat flying out of hell?"

I almost forgot. A small smile plays at my lips.

Screw James. This is my chance to prove myself.

I swallow hard. I'm not entirely sure how this will go down. "I-uh...I need access to Mirage."

Silence.

More silence.

I chance a look at Bob, who watches me curiously through narrowed eyes. He asks carefully, "Why do you need access to Mirage?"

Standing straighter than a wooden plank, I put forward my best game-face and announce, "I'm attending a job with Ari tonight. I need access to Mirage to prepare myself."

Frankie's mouth gapes. Behind her eyes, I see her brain working a mile a minute. Finally, she whispers in awe, "This is a big deal."

I agree. It really is.

Bob stares at me, into me. "You ready for this?"

I respond immediately, "Yes, sir."

He swipes a hand down his face, looking anxious. "If this is about what happened yesterday in our session-"

I cut him off with a firm, "I'm ready, Bob. Really. I'm ready."

Frankie pulls me tighter into her body. A silent show of support.

The look on Bob's face worries me. He's having a hard time believing me. He looks to be mentally arguing with himself.

Frankie offers, "Bob, if you're worried, I can go too."

I roll my eyes, shrugging out of her hold. "I don't need a damn babysitter, Frankie."

She raises her hands in surrender and immediately backtracks. "I didn't mean it that way."

My glare trains on her. "How did you mean it then?"

Bob stops our almost argument with, "Okay. You can go."

We both turn to look at him in disbelief.

Watching him a while, I ask quietly, "Really?"

He nods once. "Yes. I trust your judgement. If you tell me you're ready, I believe you."

I tell him, "I am. I can do this."

He breathes in and replies on an exhale, sounding suddenly tired, "I know you can."

Right then, I vow that Bob won't have any reason to feel anxious about my working at Mirage.

I can do this.

I can.

Chapter Four

"The key is to not think about them as people," informs Bob. "You should think about them as pests that need to be exterminated."

I nod vacantly while making mental notes.

Pests. Not people. Check.

This is really happening. I feel dazed and overwhelmed with the information being drilled into me in such a short amount of time.

Frankie walks with us. She adds, "The thing that's hard to get past is that they look like regular people. And they may be people, but they aren't good people, Cat. They're scum, and they need to be stopped, whatever the crime. They wouldn't be in our system if they were law abiding citizens. You got that?"

"Yeah. Okay."

A mixture of excitement and fear causes adrenaline to violently course through my body. So much, it threatens to make me sick. I close my eyes and control my breathing, forcing myself to keep calm.

To tell you the truth, there is nothing about tonight that scares me-apart from the fact everyone expects me to fail.

That scares the crap out of me.

I give myself an internal pep talk.

James was a mistake. Never again. You can do this. You've been training for this since you were five years old. This is your second nature-your calling in life.

And most importantly...

This is God's will.

I have had that fact drilled into me for forever. I have to believe that this is God's will. If not, I am just a criminal, no better than the people I am to hunt.

Bob leads us through the kitchen, out the backdoor, and past my garden. We walk until we reach the barn that sits at the very back of the property. It's an absolute eyesore. It almost ruins the elegance of the rest of the property, but that eyesore is there for good reason.

The big barn doors look old; it's paint is peeling and faded. Bob avoids them, instead, moving to the side of the building to a steel-reinforced door with a keypad on the side. He keys in a six-digit number. "If you do well tonight, you'll get your own code."

Frankie smiles at me, and it calms my soul.

At least she believes in me.

The steel door whirs and vibrates a moment before we hear the latch click over. Bob pushes it in and we follow him inside. A spotlight comes on, bathing us in bright light.

Four vehicles sit covered by gun-metal grey covers, taking up most of the space in the barn. Bob moves silently between the cars towards the very back wall of the barn, where another steel door awaits. And my heart skips a beat. Or two.

This is it.

I've entered the nerve centre of Mirage only once before. That was two years ago. I was sixteen then, and Bob thought I was ready for my first job. At the time, I thought I was too.

We were both wrong.

Bob stands by the keypad. Without looking back, he asks, "You sure about this, Cat?"

I wish people would stop asking me.

Every time I'm asked this question, a small piece of my self-confidence bails on me. I grit my teeth, holding back the snide remark that sits at the very tip of my tongue, and I respond instead, "Sure as sugar, Bob. Do it. Let me in."

He keys in his code; the door whizzes and purrs, clicks over, and then I wait.

Bob pushes open the door, steps back and offers a genuine smile, all for me. "Welcome back, Night Fury." With a jerk of his chin in Frankie's direction, he adds, "Moon Shadow will take you through. I have some things I need to do."

"Thanks, Boss."

He looks at me a moment before pulling me into a bear hug. "Just do your best."

And then he's gone.

Frankie-codename: Moon Shadow-takes my hand and pulls me along behind her. The steel door shuts behind us and she says, "You know he doesn't actually have anything to do, right? He's just scared shitless of his little girl growing up."

I know this should make me roll my eyes, but I smile instead. "Well, he's the closest thing I have to a dad. I guess it would be hard for him."

She scoffs, "He's been training you for over a decade, Cat. He needs to put a lock on those emotions. They don't do anyone any good."

Of course, she's right, but it's nice to have someone care about you that much.

I trail her down the long, dimly lit hall, the sounds of our footsteps echoing through the narrow space.

I'm walking towards my destiny.

How poetic.

We reach the end of the hall. Frankie clicks in her keypad code. More humming and buzzing, the steel door clicks opens and finally-finally-I'm home.I take the first step towards the rest of my life, and I do it wearing a shit-eating grin.

This is exciting.

I'm excited.

My life will be thrown one-hundred-and-eighty degrees. From boring to extraordinary.

I can't wait.

"Welcome back to Mirage." Frankie starts her descent down the stairs to the ground floor, but I'm glued to my position on the top floor.

My eyes scan down to the open area. I try to take it all in, but it's hard, like walking from complete darkness into the intense brightness of the midday sun.

And it is bright in here. The area is completely open, with two desks in the middle of the open space. Four whiteboards full of writing stand surrounding the desks, which are littered with documents and photographs. Sounds come from all around. Computers beep, printers scratch, the fax machine plays its tune, but more clearly, dance music blasts from the stereo down below.

Frankie walks over to the two men who bop their heads to the music, typing away furiously. One man talks into the headset attached to his ear, and the other jumps out of his chair to add more scribble to one of the whiteboards.

I know one of men sitting below, but the other is new, and when I say new, I mean he had to have been recruited within the two years I haven't been here. So, I guess he might not be so new. Perhaps I'm the new person in this room.

You've been here your whole life and you're the new person?

That stinks.

Frankie approaches the man typing away, leans close to him and says something that makes him stop typing, stand and look up towards the second floor. He spots me and grins, mumbling, "Holy shit." I chuckle and he booms, "Get your ass down here! Been too damn long."

I make my way down the stairs towards Clark-codename: Data Stream-the handsome computer whiz. Taller than me, but not too tall, he was my very first crush. His brown hair is now long enough to put behind his ear, and his blue eyes are warm and welcoming. His stubble makes him look manlier than what should be permitted for a computer geek.

Thinking of that causes my face to turn bright red as I approach. I haven't seen him in a long time.

Smiling all the way over to him, my heart stutters. I wring my hands together. I feel suddenly nervous. "Hello, Clark."

Smiling softly, he approaches me slowly, as if he would a frightened animal. He holds his arms open to me, and with little-to-no thought at all, I step into his receiving arms. He wraps me up tight, and I close my eyes and inhale the zesty citrus-based scent at his collar. I forgot what it feels like to have a man hold you.

No longer nervous, but dizzy, I breathe into his shoulder, "Hi."

His stubble scrapes my forehead as he moves to kiss me there. "Missed you, Cat."

"I missed you too." Clark had been a great friend to me before I was pulled from the program. We hung out for years before-

Well, just...before.

Someone clearing their throat breaks the spell I'm under.

I gently extract myself from Clark and turn to face a grinning Frankie and the inquisitive looking new guy. His eyes search mine a moment before he masks his curiosity and steps forward, holding out his hand. "I'm going to go out on a limb here and guess you're Catarina."

I'm momentarily stunned.

Stuck in my place in front of Clark, I look at the new guy through lowered brows.

Taller than Clark, but not as tall as Bob, his posture screams military man-legs parted slightly, his presence fierce. His body built the way it is, I feel small next to him. Buzzed light brown hair with green eyes, he watches me as if I may bolt any second.

Not going to happen.

My hand slides into his as I ask quietly, "How did you know that?"

He grins. "I know everything about you."

Oh, my.

Gently dropping my hand, he clears his throat, crosses his arms over his chest and spouts information as if he himself were a computer. "Catarina White. Age eighteen. 5'6. 140-" I make a noise and glare at him. He smirks and continues, "I mean 130 pounds," he eyes my body under my plain clothes, "of course. Shoulder-length black hair. Light brown eyes. Birthmark in the shape of a dove on your left inner thigh." My face flames but he ignores it and carries on, "Trained by the best of the best. Black belt-E1-in Krav Maga. Highly trained in Eskrima. The weapons you are best at are the baston and largo mano yantok. Excelled in Fencing. Also highly skilled in weaponless combat fighting styles, namely Sambo. An expert in sword and dagger knife fighting, you favour the saber grip. You prefer an ivory-handled twenty-four inch Katana sword, which you affectionately named Koneko, which means kitten." He smiles a cutesy smile my way before it falls and he continues quietly, "Your first job didn't go too well. Target: James-"

I cut him off by snapping, "I get the point. Thank you." I work at the pins attaching my habit, removing them one-by-one. When my hair is free, I ask, "Who are you?"

"I'm Marco. Codename: Flamethrower. Been here a year."

My lip quirks up. "Flamethrower?"

Clark rests his hands on my shoulders, leans down to my ear and says an amused, "'Cause he can burn through any firewall put to him." He sighs dreamily. "He's amazing."

Great. My old crush has a bromance on an ass**le.

Marco searches my pink-cheeked face before smirking, knowing he's shown me up.

"Wonderful. Look forward to working with you," I blatantly lie.

Chapter Five

My afternoon consists of preparing myself for tonight. I expected to be working closely with my old friend Clark, but instead, I'm put in a mildly uncomfortable situation when I'm paired with Marco to take me through who tonight's target is.

Frankie and Clark make their way over to the furthest whiteboard, where Clark begins chatting away furiously. Frankie nods her head as he speaks, and I know they're discussing upcoming contracts.

Feeling a little awkward, I wrap my arms around myself and wait for Marco to instruct me.

He watches me.

I watch him right back, my gaze unwavering.

He grins.

I do not.

He jerks his chin to the second office chair by his desk. "Yo, sit your ass down."

This pisses me off. "You could ask nicely, you know."

His grin turns into a smirk. I'm coming to learn is his trademark, and I can't help but notice he is extremely attractive. It also makes me want to show him how well I was trained by gifting him a broken arm.

Marco surprises me when he stands, moves the chair right behind me and waits for me to take a seat.

I wait a moment...it could be a trick.

When he makes no move to send me flat on my butt and shows unexpected patience, I sit. He pushes my chair in gently, takes a seat next to me and states, "I can be a gentleman."

Shame tightens my chest. It seems I've misjudged him.

His smile dazzles me. "It's just I choose not to be."

Nope, I was right on the money about this cocky bastard.

I roll my eyes and he chuckles, low and rough. The sound caresses me into awareness that this man is dangerous in more than one way. Voice cracking, I ask, "So, you're ex-military, right?"

Clicking away at the keyboard, he jerks his chin and replies, "Yes, ma'am. Army."

"How'd you get recruited?"

He barks out a laugh. "I've got no f**king idea. Bob turns up at my house one day dressed as Father Robert, tells me he has something to discuss with me." He turns to face me and admits with a soft smile, "The man could sell ice to Eskimos. The very next day, I arrived at Mirage. Sorta never left."

"I guess I'm wondering how you ended up at this end of the spectrum. You look like you can hold your own; I'm sure you've fought before."

The statement clearly makes Marco uncomfortable. His body stiffens and his features tighten. "Honey, I've seen more than my fair share of carnage. I guess you could say I'm done with it. Call me retired."

The way he says this only spurs more questions in my meddlesome mind. I want to ask a thousand intrusive questions, but instead, I ask, "How old are you?"

"Twenty-nine last week."

My brows rise. "Happy belated birthday." He looks younger than twenty-nine. I'd say he looks more in his mid-twenties.

He grunts, and I take it as a 'thank you'.

He looks distractedly at the computer screen and mumbles, "Gimme a sec. I just got something to do really quickly, and then we'll get down to business."

"No problem. Take your time."

I swing the office chair side-to-side, pretending to be comfortable and at-home in a completely unfamiliar and alien space. That's supposed to work, isn't it?

Fake it till you make it.

Still sounding distracted, he utters, "So Bob's your old man? Must be nice for him-you steppin' into the family business. He has to be proud of you."

"He started training me young, and frankly, I'm looking forward to tonight. I've been preparing for it a long time." I bunch my nose. "Bob is the closest thing I have to a father, but I was brought here as an orphan when I was just a few weeks old. He's cool though. I've never felt anything but loved."

Marco's brows pull down in the middle. "Oh, but-"

With a shake of my head, I cut him off, "I know he's protective of me."

His confused reaction is understandable. Bob is everything to me a father should be. And I love him.

He shakes his head as if to clear it, brings his palms down on his jean-clad thighs and spouts, "Okay, then. Let's get to it."

He hands me a printed document and I read through it. My stomach dips.

I try to hide my reaction, but Marco spots it immediately. "You know him?"

I nod.

"You ever see him act anything shifty-like?"

"No. Never," I whisper. I try really damn hard to see past the printed photo on the document, but I'm stuck staring. Before I can overthink this, Marco pulls my chair around to face his. His expression unsympathetic, he orders, "Turn the page."

I'm suddenly anxious. My stomach does somersaults.

The first page of the document is just a target bio; the second page lists the alleged crimes committed.

I swallow hard and turn the page.

The words begin to blur after a minute of reading. My anger pulses through my temples, and I hold the pages so tightly my knuckles turn sheet-white.

I can't help myself from asking a stupid question. "This has been confirmed?"

Without answering, Marco turns to a third page.

More photographs.

"Yep," he counts the photos on the page, "one, two, three, four times over." I feel his eyes on me. I can't take my wide eyes off the page. They flicker from photo to photo. Quietly, he asks, "You still feel something for this f**king animal?"

My voice shakes with anger as I answer, "Not a damn thing."

And I mean it.

Unable to glimpse away from the horrifying photos, I jump when a soft hand rests on my back. Blinking, I look up, flushed and emotional. Sister Arianne stands at my back removing her habit.

Ari-codename: War Paint-looks over my shoulder to the photos and jeers, "Choquant, no? Who knew? If I could take care of this salaud more than once, I would take pleasure in it," she sneers and adds, "Putain trou du cul."

Silence seems fitting, especially since I don't know what to say.

"Tonight, we will make sure he cannot hurt anyone ever again."

I remain silent. Ari softly strokes my hair and asks, "Does this not make you happy, cheri? To make the world safer? To protect?"

My emotions run wild. My anger has always been a problem, and some small part of me prays for a release-an outlet for my fury. Standing quickly, I don't look at either Marco or Ari. I simply announce, "He's mine."

Neither one answers.

I look up at Ari and repeat myself, "This f**ker is mine." Without a backwards glance, I make my way up the stairs, out of Mirage and find solace in the one place I can.

The rest of the afternoon is spent reflecting and praying in my garden. I pray for God to give me the strength to hunt a f**king animal.

Regardless, hunt, I will.

Chapter Six

Name: Marcel Dupont

Age: 48

Hair colour: Grey, short cut

Eye colour: Blue

Weight: 190 lbs

Build: Medium

Height: 5 feet, 9 inches

Other: Distinct scar on upper lip. Large nose.

"This will be easier than most. He knows us. He trusts us," Ari whispers. "He will be sorry."

She stands in the middle of the ground floor of Mirage wearing black athletic tights and a black tank. Her arms raised, she stands patiently as Clark and Marco work swiftly, strapping her body with everything we need for the night.

They're so preoccupied, they don't notice when I take the printed page of photographs, fold it neatly and place it in my pocket.

Part of me was worried I'd feel too much. Now that same part of me is worried I'm not feeling enough. My mind is at war with my faith.

I choose to ignore both. For tonight.

"Cat?"

I turn to face Ari; she nods down to her body and when I see it, my heart stutters. "Koneko," I say in awe.

My katana is strapped across her torso. The sword is the most beautiful thing I have ever owned.

Ari winks at me, and the bright light reflecting off her blade causes Koneko to wink at me too.

I get what she's trying to do, but I'm not sure I want my favourite weapon tarnished by dirty blood.

"You okay?" Clark appears in front of me.

I do my best to sound chipper. "Heck yeah. Tonight is the night."

Unconvinced by my bad acting, he leans closer to me and says quietly, "You don't need to prove anything."

My gaze slides back to Ari and I whisper, "Yes. I do."

He doesn't respond. He doesn't need to.

We both know it's true.

Chapter Seven

Final preparations have been made, everyone is in place, and Intel is being steadily streamed through my earpiece.

We are a go.

Ari-dressed in her habit-places herself at the front door of the Dupont residence, while I walk around the small property to await my signal in the backyard.

Marcel will get the surprise of his life tonight. It's a shame it will be his last.

Perhaps it's better this way-starting with a person I know, that is. It can only get easier from here, I'm sure.

Marcel Dupont.

Churchgoer. Landscaper. Gardener. Husband. Father.

Wife beater. Drunk. Paedophile.

I cannot let him live. I won't.

Crackling sounds fill in my ear. Clark all but yells, "Can you hear me? Night Fury? War Paint?"

I answer in a whisper, "I can hear you-a little quieter, please."

Ari responds in my ear, "War Paint here. Are we a go?"

Marco comes in with, "We have it on good authority Mr Dupont got a little handsy with his wife again last night. She took off right after and took their son with her. It's just a guess, but I'd say Marcel is having a one-man cocktail party tonight."

Ari comes in again. "Fantastique. This will be easier than I first thought. Night Fury, are you in place?"

An eerie calm settles over me. I breathe deeply and respond, "Yes, I'm ready."

"Excellent. My earpiece will be out of service in ten seconds. War Paint out."

My heart begins to race. I'm out of contact with Ari. It's unsettling being on my own.

Now, I need to wait.

It's cold out tonight. A breeze passes over me, causing my body to erupt in goose bumps and my eyes to water from the sharp bite of the chill.

I have dressed myself in black training tights, a black, long-sleeved tee, fingerless black gloves and black hiking boots. My hair's tied up in a high ponytail, and I cover the majority of my face with a black cotton mask, which covers my cheeks, nose and mouth.

Before I have time to second-guess my part in tonight's job, Marco's husky voice sounds in my ear. "Time to go, Fury. Get your game on."

Although my surroundings aren't quiet, everything around me is cocooned in a bubble of silence. I take in a deep breath. My mind focuses on nothing but clarity. I smile to myself as I realise something...

I'm ready. Really ready.

My hand rests on the handle of the backdoor. I see a light turn on inside from the back window. Although Ari has removed her earpiece, she has left it live to stream through my own. The front door opens, and I hear muffled conversation.

One, two, three.

I turn the handle of the backdoor, and much to my satisfaction, it opens. When you live in a small town where everyone knows each other, people don't care much for locking their doors at night.

Thankfully.

The backdoor creaks as I open it, and my heart stutters. Wide-eyed, I open the door the rest of the way using one quick motion. Sweat begins to bead on my forehead, even though warmth is scarce. I force my breathing to remain slow and steady.

Anything could give my position away.

I enter the Dupont household quickly and quietly. I find myself in the laundry room, which has a door closing it off from the rest of the house. A few more steps to the door, and I know this one will take me to my target.

My hand rests on the handle as I press my ear to the cool wood and listen in. The conversation is muffled, but I can still make it out.

Marcel slurs, "Sister Arianne, this is a surprise. It's a little late for you to make house calls, isn't it?"

Ari forces herself to sound flustered, "I apologize, Marcel. Is Nancy here? I could really use a woman to speak to. I find myself in a difficult situation."

I turn the handle and pull the door open a sliver, peering in.

Ari fans her face, looking clearly distressed. Marcel sways in his spot, and I can smell the alcohol on him from here.

He is drunk as a skunk.

Drunk is good.

Accidents happen when people are drunk.

Marcel clears his throat. "No, her mom is ill. She's helping out there for a little while."

My lip curls in revulsion.

Disgusting slob. Filth. You are filth.

Ari puts a hand to her cheek. "Oh, my, the poor dear. I understand. I wish she had told me; I would have asked Father Robert to place her in our prayers." She smiles up at Marcel. "Never mind. Tell me something, Marcel?"

The man looks at her expectantly.

Her eyes become devoid and her face morphs into pure malice. "Do you enjoy beating your wife?"

In the midst of their silence, I pull the door all the way open and step lightly across the short distance into the living room.

A shocked Marcel finally sputters, "You are insane."

Ari steps forward. "Do you like the way your son cries in agony when you rape him?"

Marcel's body stiffens, and he growls, "Get out."

Ari smiles cruelly. "No, I don't think I will." She reaches up to her right shoulder, gripping the material of her habit. "It's time you got yours, Marcel Dupont." Pulling the material free, her habit falls to her feet, revealing the weapons strapped to her body. She smirks into Marcel's stunned face. "Tonight, you die."

Marcel puffs out a humourless laugh. "You have lost your mind, woman." He points to the front door. "Leave before I call the police and have you charged with attempted assault with a deadly weapon and intent to kill."

Ari laughs then. "Oh, you silly man, I am not going to kill you. No. Not me," she jerks her chin over his shoulder, then leans forward and whispers, "but she will."

As soon as Marcel turns to look behind him, he's greeted with my swift kick to his head. He flies backwards into the dining room table. The corner point catches him in the centre of his back and he cries out.

Ari whistles to me. I turn in time to catch Koneko mid-air.

Pulling the outer sheath away from the twenty-four inch curved blade, my breathing falters.

She truly is a beautiful sword.

My gaze slips from Koneko to Marcel, who has yet to stand from his fall.

He looks up at me, fear etched into his features. "I tried to get help."

Rage boils low in my gut. My teeth bare and I growl.

I stride over to him, my katana out by my side. Kneeling by the drunk man, I enquire, "You tried to get help?" He nods. My hand flies out and I slap him across the face roughly. I repeat sternly, "You tried to get help?" He begins to cry, but he nods regardless. The sound of the second slap echoes throughout the room. My palm tingles and itches from the impact. Reaching behind him, I grip his hair tightly and pull it so hard his head snaps back. My voice shaking, I relay the words my father figure has drilled into me: "There is no try. There is only do."

I release my grip on his hair and stand, lip curling. "You are disgusting, you filthy pig. You deserve to die."

Marcel shakes his head, whimpering and trembling. "No. Please. Don't."

Ari walks up behind me. "You are doing wonderfully, petit fille. Do it. The quicker the kill, the quicker we can leave."

I nod soundlessly.

"Marcel, I think you should pray for forgiveness." I point to Ari. "Crawl over to Sister Arianne and pray for God to forgive you." When he makes no move to do so, I add, "Now, you sick f**k."

Body quivering, his tear-filled, worried gaze darts from Ari to me, and slowly, he starts to crawl over to her, shaking in terror. He reaches her feet, lowers his head and mumbles his prayer.

"That's right." Ari looks down at him. "You know what you are doing is wrong. Pray for God to forgive you, Marcel. You must beg for his forgiveness; your sins are great."

Marcel mumbles louder, his words slurred.

My feet move of their own accord. I tread lightly, moving to stand directly behind Marcel's kneeling position.

Without another thought, I lift my katana and place the tip at the base of his neck.

His body stills. He stops breathing.

I breathe in deeply, and then out slowly. I add the slightest pressure to the handle of the blade; it enters the back of Marcel's neck, and a moment later, exits through the front of his throat.

His body quakes and jerks uncontrollably, and at this moment, I realise I am thankful for one thing:

I can't see his face.

Holding up the quaking body of Marcel Dupont by a blade through his neck, I lift my gaze to Ari. Her eyes sad, she smiles gently. "Come, Cat. Release him. There is still much to do."

With a small jerk back, the blade is free, and Marcel's body falls motionless to the floor with a dull thud.

My heart jumps.

I did it. I killed him. I didn't need help. I did it on my own.

I don't even feel bad about it.

Ari pulls her leg back and kicks the lifeless body, "Cochon sale!"

The night has officially become overwhelming.

A small giggle bubbles up my throat. The more I try to hold it back, the worse it becomes. I start to chuckle. My chuckle becomes full-blown laughter, bordering hysterical.

Tears stream down my face as I laugh, letting out my anxiety, anger and worry.

Ari watches me, a cautious smile playing at her mouth. When I get myself under control, she asks, "Okay?"

Tears trail my cheeks for another reason altogether as I begin to cry uncontrollably. Ari comes forward, wiping them away. She tuts, "Why do you cry, cheri?"

It all comes out. "I just killed a man-a man who had his back to me praying. He didn't even see it coming." I sniff. "He didn't know it was coming, and..." I look up in her face and whisper "...and I don't even care." My body shakes with silent sobs. "I'm glad he's dead."

I'm pulled into a warm hug. Ari chuckles in my ear. "Oh, ma colombe. Be still."

My tears begin to wilt away. Detachment takes over. I like it when my heart numbs. Numbness is good. It's feeling that hurts.

Ari kisses my temple. "You were born for this. You have one of the toughest jobs in the world, and you have just proven you can do it with ease." She pulls away and smiles. "That is a gift."

I don't say a thing.

I'm not sure I should be congratulated for that.

She holds out her palm and I hand her Koneko. She wipes off the blade with her discarded habit and kneels by the body. Her hand motions me over, and I help her move Marcel onto his side.

Confusion sweeps through me as she takes my blade and begins adding small cuts to his face, fingers and neck.

Sensing my uncertainty, Ari explains, "I should have explained beforehand. We need this to look like a robbery gone wrong."

Oh.

Crap.

"I'm sorry."

She scoffs, waving a dismissive hand my way. "It is nothing. Next time, we will go into details how we want the kill to look. It was my fault." Reaching into her pants pocket, she pulls out a pair of gloves and hands them to me. "Now, make a mess of this place, please."

The gloves feel strange on my hands, as though they are suffocating my fingers.

I walk from room to room, throwing things around, breaking ornaments and frames, and moving things around.

Ari calls me over to her as she puts on another pair of gloves. "We need to pick up the television, take it into the main hall and drop it, so it looks as though something interrupted a robbery."

Brows rising, I look at her in disbelief. "You know a lot about this stuff, Ari. I'm impressed."

Her smile doesn't reach her eyes. "My life before Bob found me was not a good one."

The television drops to the ground with a boom. We collect our gear, and before we leave, I watch as Ari walks over to Marcel. Looking up to the ceiling, she mutters a few words under her breath before reaching down and coating her fingers in his blood. Her eyes close as she runs her blood-coated fingers from her forehead, down the side of her face to slide down her chin.

My eyes glued to her in shock, she stands and walks over to me wearing her victory on her face. Suddenly, I get it.

Arianne. Codename: War Paint.

She reaches into her pack and pulls out two black hoodies. I waste no time shrugging into mine, pulling the hood up. Ari follows suit.

We exit through the backdoor and stroll to the back gate as though nothing is wrong, as if we are meant to be here. Once on the street, we jump into the waiting Mercedes Kompressor, and Clark drives us back to Mirage.

Satisfaction flows throughout my body. Hearing, but not listening to Clark and Ari converse, I melt into my car seat, suddenly feeling the pull of exhaustion.

My eyes flitter, flutter and then close as I drift into a peaceful sleep.

Chapter Eight

The car doors creak and I jerk awake. My heart pounds in my chest. It takes me a moment to gather my bearings and figure out my setting. We're back in the barn.

Clark holds out a hand to me, smiling. He wears no judgement on his handsome face. He understands me. He is the type of person everyone needs in their life. His common view of all things life is 'It is what it is.'

By God. I love that.

I think I may have adapted that saying to my life not two hours ago.

A sense of freedom does wonders for the soul.

I place my hand in his. He gently pulls me out of the car and towards him. I'm encased in a firm hug. He whispers by my ear, "You did it, Cat."

Still holding my hand, he leads me as Ari follows close behind. He keys in his code, and as soon as the security door opens, a cheer breaks out. The loud yells frighten me, and my body jolts. I look down to the ground floor of Mirage, and what I see makes me beam.

A laughing Frankie, a grinning Bob and a smiling Marco wait for me, Ari and Clark to join them. Bottles of communion wine are uncorked, and written on one of the whiteboards in black is 'Congratulations, Cat!' with balloons around it drawn in red marker.

Smiling like a fool, flushing bright red and shaking my head in disbelief, I make a slow descent down the steps to join them. It's a nice gesture, but it's close to four a.m. and I'm too tired for this shit.

Bob is the first to approach me. His arms come around me as he chuckles. His grip on me is tight, and I squeak as he lifts me in an excited embrace. "I knew you could do it, girl. I'm so proud of you. So very proud."

Okay, maybe not that tired.

Frankie kisses my cheek, squeezes my shoulder and places a coffee mug of wine into my hand. Clark winks at me from across the room. I watch as Ari acts out the kill scene to Bob, who follows every move in wide-eyed awe. And Marco...

Marco watches me with little more than a small smile.

And that smile...

It's sad. And almost disappointed.

My eyes hold his.

I don't understand it.

Suddenly, Ari-still wearing her war paint proudly-clears her throat loud enough for her to gain immediate silence. Holding her coffee mug of wine, she begins to speak. "Tonight was a very important night for our Catarina." Bob nods in agreement. Ari adds, "Tonight, Cat was initiated into Mirage and is now a full-fledged member. She took initiative, and what she achieved tonight, no one can take away from her."

The way she says this is not prideful, but menacing. And my chest aches. This is her way of warning the others to let what happened in the past stay in the past. It makes me want to simultaneously kiss her and burst into tears.

Stepping forward, she holds out her hand to me. I take it with a small smile. She pulls me to sit in an office chair, and by the secret grins on the others' faces, nervousness washes over me.

I stumble over my words and laugh uneasily, "Wh-what's going on, guys?"

Bob's soft smile soothes me. "It's tradition. Just go with it."

Frankie steps forward with a dagger, and when Ari holds out her hand for it, Frankie scowls, "I'm the best friend, so I get to go first!"

My eyes widen as Frankie steps closer to me, dagger in-hand.

When she takes the tip of the dagger and pierces her own fingertip with it, my brain stops trying to understand and shuts off for the night.

Holding the dagger by her side, she takes her bloodied fingertip and puts it to my forehead. I feel her press a pattern in her own blood onto my skin, and it's almost alarming how at peace I feel at this very moment.

My breathing steadies and I close my eyes a moment, just wanting to feel.

Suddenly, I'm surrounded. Bob is next and paints one cheek. Ari decorates the other cheek with her blood, while a sweetly smiling Clark presses a single dot of his blood between my brows. Finally, Marco approaches, and without looking away from me, he holds out a hand for the dagger.

When he pierces the tip of his finger for much longer than necessary, my face flushes and my heart rate elevates.

He steps forward, lifts his finger and does a slow swipe from the bridge of my nose, down to my lips and chin, marking me with his blood.

Pulling back, he watches me a moment, taking in his handiwork. Having lost control of my body for a split second, my tongue darts out to taste it.

As soon as I taste the metallic tang of his blood, I squeeze my legs together tightly and fight tooth-and-nail to stop myself from tasting him a second time.

The reactions this man pulls from me...

It's frightening.

Marco steps back and Bob takes his place, putting his hands on my shoulders. He explains, "You have to sleep with the war paint. You can wash it off in the morning."

"Okay."

Bob steps by my side and announces, "I'm pleased to accept Night Fury into our family-not that she wasn't before. Only now, she'll be working with us."

More cheers break out, cups are refilled and before I know it, I fall asleep in an office chair, head resting on a filing cabinet.

And I fall asleep smiling.

***

My eyes remain shut, but I hear the sound of hard footfalls.

Strong arms hold my limp body. I quickly realise I'm being carried back to my room.

Caught somewhere between asleep and awake, I bury my nose into the unknown male and sigh.

This male is not Clark. I can't smell the familiar zesty citrus scent of him. This scent is woodsy and fresh. And this body is larger than Clark's.

A lot larger.

Bob.

This is Bob.

I whisper against the bare skin of his neck, "I did it, Father."

He shushes me and continues to carry me along in silence.

Finally, we stop and he opens the door to my room. Placing me down on the soft bed, I exhale and bury myself in the covers. But I don't have a double bed. I have a cot.

My eyes snap open to find Marco eyeing me from the edge of his bed. In his room. Or at least, I assume we're in his room. It looks like it would be his room. Dark bed covers, bare walls, a small closet, mirror, an open laptop and a television, complete with game station.

I sit up, crossing my legs in the middle of his bed. Sleep has made my voice croaky. "Hey."

He tips his chin at me.

"Why..." I'm stuck on my question, already knowing the answer. I try again. "Why am I here, Marco?"

"You told me to take you to bed."

A fog settles over my already-unclear mind. That doesn't sound like me.

He smirks. "You didn't say which bed."

I remain silent, feeling the need for something I dare not ask for. He watches me closely, his eyes searching me for a sign.

Something.

Anything.

"I know what it feels like," he utters. "The rush. The bloodlust." His knee settles on the bed, and he adds quietly, "The need for release after a mission." The second knee joins the first. He creeps over to me, much like a cougar stalking its prey. "You feel it, don't you?"

My head jerks fitfully. I swallow hard.

I do feel it.

"How do I make it stop?" I breathe.

Crawling over to me, forcing me further up the bed, he whispers, "You f**k it out, Cat."

My breathing quickens and shallows.

"You want that, don't you?"

Yes.

Yes, I do.

His fingers graze my hip and I gasp at the contact. "My skin is crawling."

His warm lips gently kiss my cheek. "Let me help you. I'll make the itch stop."

My hand reaches out to grip his head, his buzzed hair prickling my palms. My cheeks heat in shame as I answer on a whisper, "Okay."

My logic on this is simple. After tonight, after what I did, I don't feel as if I have a right to remain pure. I want to be tainted, to be as imperfect as my job. I need to be dirtied, and Marco can do that for me.

In fact, I need Marco to be the one to do this for me.

His face hovers above mine, waiting for me to make the first move. I lift my face an inch and brush my lips across his in a weak and extremely nervous kiss.

The first and last man I kissed was James. And that didn't turn out so great.

Marco scoffs, his breath warming me. "You gotta do better than that, kitty Cat."

Placing a hand on my shoulder, he pushes me down gently. My back meets the soft covers of the bed. Framing my face with his strong arms, he looks down at me, face unyielding. "What do you want, Cat? We can stop, but you need to tell me to stop now, because my cock-hard as it is-will not be happy about stopping later on."

Oh, shit.

Those nasty words fuel me and cement my decision. I reach up with a shaking hand, curving it at the back of his neck. I pull his mouth down to mine and say against his warm lips, "Make it stop."

His eyes flash and his kiss-oh, my-so hard and harsh; it's exactly what I need right now. I need this act to be as violent as the one I committed myself. His tongue brushes mine, and instinctively, my legs tighten, as if the arousal will escape me in a heavy whoosh if I don't.

Marco doesn't like this.

Sliding his hand down my neck and over my chest, his thumb counts my ribs before the palm of his hand heats my thigh through my tights. Gripping the back of my knee, he hoists my leg up and over his hip in a violent jerk.

My moan sounds into his mouth.

He answers with a low growl.

We waste no time undressing each other.

I reach down to the hem of his tee, lifting it over his head. As he does the same to me, I work on loosening his belt. His belt unbuckled, I reach further down to unzip his jeans and come into contact with his hot, covered erection.

Uncertainty has my hand rearing away.

Marco snarls, takes hold of my hand and places it directly over the bulge in his pants. "Fuck. Don't do that. Touch me."

Eyes lowered, I whisper, "Okay."

My hands begin a firm rubbing motion over the seam of his pants. He hisses, "Oh, yeah, just like that."

Courage blooms inside of me. With the sounds of heavy breathing bouncing off the walls, my pupils dilate with pleasure as his hands knead my hips. His mouth presses firm, wet kisses to my mouth as he runs his fingers along the underside of my bra. "I want to touch you too."

Not thinking at all, I reach behind me and unfasten my bra, pulling it up my arms.

Silent permission.

His eyes flare with heat as they rake over my naked torso.

This is the farthest I've ever been sexually. It's remarkable how good it feels.

He covers my left breast with a warm palm and begins to knead gently. I feel that motion all the way to my soaking wet mound. It pulses in time with every movement of Marco's hand.

It's wonderful.

Why would God forbid such pleasure?

It doesn't seem right to me at this very moment.

My eyes flutter and I tilt my head back, exposing my neck. When wet warmth covers my nipple, my back jerks and contorts, curving off the bed. Marco's mouth flicks and sucks at the taut bud, while his other hand works off my pants. I don't remember to feel disgrace when I lift my hips, giving him better access to my most private area.

Now dressed in only my white, girlish panties, I groan when his hand plays with the seam. My hand darts out to his, and I place it where I crave it most.

He cups me, rubbing softly, slowly, as if he savours the feel of me. Pleasure floods my hot, needy body.

His mouth releases my nipple with a pop as he grunts, "You're soaked."

Wasting no time, he tears my panties down my legs. He quickly kicks his jeans off, his boxers following. "You want this sweet?"

My eyes snap open, and I look up to meet his heated stare. "Fuck, no."

The smile that appears on his face is glorious. Beauty defined.

"Get on your hands and knees. Face the end of the bed."

Breathing shakily, I quickly turn over onto my hands and knees. I crawl to face the foot of the bed. And my heart skips a beat.

I can see myself. I can see a very naked, very built, very aroused Marco.

A wall-length mirror faces us. My war-painted face and stunned gaze meets Marco's in the mirror.

We look feral. We look like a pair of animals. Barely human.

He smirks.

I bite my lip to contain my whimper. My head spins. The room goes fuzzy. A sudden flashback of Ari confronting Marcel greets me. My chest seizes.

Marco positions himself behind me. Reaching down, his fingers lightly graze my slit.

My vision swirls. Another flashback. Marcel on his knees praying for mercy.

The reflection in the mirror shows Marco fisting himself. The tip of his c**k kisses my entrance. He runs himself up and down slowly, coating himself in my arousal.

Pleasure assaults me.

My heart stops.

Pressure builds in my ears as a final flashback appears right before my eyes. Marcel's shuddering body being held up by the neck. Koneko piercing his throat.

Without warning, Marco thrusts into me harshly. As my maidenhead tears, I lift my head to the ceiling and let out a miserable cry, pain throbbing violently between my legs.

Marco stills.

Panting, I lower my head and open my eyes to look beneath my body where we are joined.

Gently pulling out of me, he reaches down to gently stroke my sore pu**y. For a moment, my mind plays tricks on me when I look up to the mirror. Marco's face is replaced with Marcel's.

With Marcel's face on Marco's body, Marco's voice fills the room. "You let me mark you. It's my turn to be marked."

Reaching up, he smears my virginity onto Marcel's face, covering both cheeks.

My heart races, so much that I feel like I'm about to pass out. My body trembles. I begin to sweat.

I'm frightened.

Marco's hand is lifted to Marcel's lips, where Marcel pokes out his tongue and tastes me.

That's about the time I wake up.

Chapter Nine

I wake with a gasp, mind scrambled and chest heaving in my cot. Eyes wide, I sit up and shake my head trying in vain to clear it. What the f**k was that dream?

Dream? More like nightmare.

Clutching the covers to my chest, I sit trembling, waiting for myself to calm down. I run a hand down my damp face and shake my head once more.

Really. What in the ever-loving f**k was that dream?

***

The garden called my name from the moment I woke a second time this morning. After last night's psycho dream, I tossed and turned until my mind was sick of fighting my weary body and I fell back asleep. It was a fretful sleep, but it was still sleep.

Regardless, today I feel as though a bus ran me over. Then stopped and reversed.

The second time I woke, it was well past ten a.m. Too late for me to do kitchen duties, too late for me to take on any of the day's rostered duties, but the garden needed tending. The garden always needs tending. And that's why I love the garden.

It needs me as much as I need it. I provide it love and care, and it provides me a place to get away.

Having picked all the ripe rewards from the bountiful vegetable patch, I decide it's time to weed. One of my most hated garden jobs. Alas, it needs to be done, and if anyone else comes close to my garden, I start to hyperventilate.

Bob caught me on the way out this morning. He was sipping coffee in the kitchen when I came bounding in searching for bread to nibble on before I started my day. As soon as he saw me, a look of pride covered his features.

I'll admit it-it was nice. It felt good.

I lost that look for two whole years, and I'll be damned if it's taken away from me again.

Smiling, I cut a piece of bread and half-filled a mug of coffee. Bob watched as I added three sugars and vanilla creamer to it. He winced, although smiling, and asked, "How you doing this morning, Cat?"

I knew he has referring to the night before and what I'd done, but truthfully, I hadn't thought about it until that very moment, having been distracted by my fitful night's sleep.

Wow. Are you so cold that you don't even take a second to think about committing murder?

I lifted my head in thought, and mentally responded to myself with, Call me an ice queen, brain, 'cause my care factor is zero.

And that was the absolute truth.

Marcel was a bad man doing horrifying things. If I hadn't stopped him, who would? With a wife too scared to speak out, and a son who had been threatened with death on multiple occasions, chances were, Marcel would've been active in his crimes for years to come. The likely people who would've stopped him eventually would've been his wife or son, and quite frankly, I'm glad it was me, rather than one of them. I prefer to take this responsibility than have either of them pay for vengeance on a man who had it coming.

Chances are being responsible for his death may have haunted them. And I couldn't care less about Marcel Dupont.

The only time he'll be missed is when he isn't there to help Father Robert with Sunday Mass by handing out Holy Communion and collecting donations to the church.

Marcel Dupont: parishioner by day, demon by night.

Trudging out of my heavy thoughts, I answered Bob truthfully with a small shrug, "I'm fine."

His eyes trained on my face a long time, searching for deceit before he smiled again. "Good girl. Proud of you, Cat."

On his way out of the kitchen, he hooked his hand behind my neck and pulled me forward to plant a fatherly kiss on my forehead.

The loud rumbling of an engine pulls me from my thoughts. Standing, I remove my gardening gloves and place a hand above my eyes to block out the midday sun. My brow furrows as I realise the thundering noise is coming from the barn.

Surely, there isn't a job during the day. We never do jobs in daylight.

The large barn doors open, and out speeds a sleek, black, sporty motorbike. Even though I can't see the driver's face due to it being covered by a helmet, I don't have to guess to know it's Marco.

That body was in my dreams last night. It's hard to forget. I don't think I could, even if I wanted to.

My eye roll is subtle.

Of course, he has a motorbike.

The bike speeds up, and I expect it to careen past me, but instead, it slows.

Marco slows to a stop a few feet away from me, letting the engine of the bike idle. He slides the front of the helmet up, allowing me the view of his handsome face, and says loudly in way of greeting, "Pussy cat."

My feet shuffle forward a step. "Afternoon, Marco." My curiosity gets the best of me. "Where are you going in such a hurry?"

His face bunches and his hand flies to his ear, letting me know he can't hear me. I step forward, closer to him. Almost foot-to-bike, I ask again, "Where are you headed?"

Marco smirks. "I could hear you fine before, just wanted to ask if you wanted to head into town without yelling at you."

Head into town?

With him?

I'm confused.

"Head into town...with you?" His expression doesn't change at all, so I add, "On your bike?"

It's then that he grins, and I have confirmation to my questions.

I quickly utter, "I'd better not."

A flashback of last night's dream assaults me hard and fast.

"Get on your hands and knees. Face the end of the bed."

I fight a gasp as my cheeks flame. My shaking hand flies to my now-heaving chest.

Marco-still seated on his bike-leans closer to me. "That wasn't a no."

My feet step away from him in silent answer.

You killed a guy last night, but you're scared of a man you work with because you had a hot dream about him? A dream he doesn't even know about?

For once, my brain makes a good point. Standing taller, I step towards the bike again and announce, "Actually, I'd like to go to the library, if it's not out of your way."

Marco makes a stern thinking face before breaking out into a beaming smile. "Tell you what-I'll drop you off at the library, do what I need to do, then I'll come meet you there and we'll get something to eat."

"Okay. Sure."

He stands from his still-idling bike, lifts the seat, and hands me the spare helmet. Robotically, I place the helmet on my head and climb on behind him, wrapping my arms around him. We speed away, and a final thought chills me to the bone.

Bob is going to kill me.

***

Never having ridden on a motorbike before, I silently curse myself for not wearing something warmer. Even though today is a nice day, I'm still freezing my butt off as Marco speeds along the dirt road to get to town.

Doing my best not to think about my arms wrapped around his taut stomach, I almost shriek in surprise when I hear a voice sound in my helmet, "Thanks for coming with me. I need an alibi for today."

Oh, so that's why he asked me to come with him.

Urging down the disappointment clenching my heart, I answer cheerfully, "No problem. I love the library."

We spend the rest of the ride in a comfortable silence, and without thinking, I close my eyes and lean my helmet-covered forehead against his back. I haven't noticed I've fallen asleep until Marco gently runs his thumb over the hand that grips his stomach. "Wakey, wakey, sleeping beauty."

My body-not quite wanting to separate from my portable hot water bottle-squeezes his waist tighter as I snuggle deeper into his back.

My senses finally come to me as Marco's rough chuckle rumbles in my ear. His chuckle stops suddenly, and his body stiffens. As I begin to unwrap myself from him, he grips my hand tight. "Shit. I'm sorry, Cat. You had a rough night. I should take you back. You need rest."

I respond a little too quickly. "No!" Realising a second too late my shout probably burst his eardrum, I ignore his subtle flinch and utter quietly, "No need for that, really. I'm fine."

He counters with, "You can barely keep your eyes open."

I fire back, "That's just because you're so big and warm."

His body shakes in silent laughter. As soon as it dawns on me what I said, I quickly step off his bike, remove the helmet and hand it to him. Averting my eyes, I mutter, "I might've drooled in your helmet. Sorry."

Without looking back, I turn and head for the entrance to the library.

I hear Marco shout, "I'll be about an hour."

With my back to him, I lift my hand in a wordless wave to confirm I heard him. The bike's engine rumbles away, and rolling my eyes at my behaviour, I make my way inside.

Chapter Ten

"Ah, bonjour, Catarina!" Ms Fontaine, the old librarian, happily but quietly greets me. "Comment allez-vous?"

My rehearsed response comes out smoother than expected. With a small smile, I quietly reply, "Tres bien, merci."

Her subtle wrinkles crease further at the corners of her eyes as she smiles at me. "You haven't been here in a while. I was wondering if I'd ever see you again," she sniffs.

Oh, Ms Fontaine. So adorably dramatic. Making my way closer to the counter, I feign outrage. "And never see you or my beloved books again?" I lift my nose. "I'd rather fall into a sleep like death."

She chuckles. "Sleeping Beauty. Charles Perrault. Very clever." Her calm stance stiffens slightly as a mask cloaks her expression. She leans forward and whispers, "He's here today."

The hairs on the back of my neck stand. "On his own?"

Ms Fontaine nods solemnly.

"How did he get here?"

Her small shrug tells me that her guess is as good as mine.

My anger simmers. This is unacceptable. With a curt nod, I leave Ms Fontaine to find him. I know where he is. He always sits in the same spot. He likes the view. He hasn't told me that, but I just know it. It's the same reason I sit there.

My feet move of their own accord, and once I spot him, a small smile graces my lips. I shake my head and bite my bottom lip to stop myself from laughing.

Oh, dear.

If anyone else attempted to do such a thing in a library, they would be asked to leave. But not Tomas.

Never Tomas.

I knock on the side of a chair, or as Tomas sees it, the door to his fort. My head peeks in, under the mountain of pillows he has taken from the children's corner to build his cocoon of safety. "May I come in, Tomas?"

My response is revealed when his body stops rocking violently, only a moment before his rocking continues, a little softer than before. My knees hit the worn carpet, and I crawl in beside him.

Smiling, I watch him a moment. Sitting cross-legged, he continues to rock back and forth as his eyes scan the pages of the astrology book on the floor faster than lightening. His contorted left hand held mid-air next to his head, the other hand is held rigid over the page of the book. With a pointed finger that looks so stiff it hurts, he turns the pages as quickly as he reads them.

I'm not sure what makes Tomas this way. I only know I see something in him that many others can't.

His shaggy brown hair falls past his brow, which is now furrowed in thought. His left hand flicks the locks away, but they fall back exactly as they were.

I've been trying to gather information on Tomas for an entire year. I've had to do this discreetly. I mentioned Tomas to Bob one day, asking if there was anything we could do to help him. Bob, face full of compassion, ordered me to 'Leave it alone'.

I told him I would.

But I lied.

"Tomas? What are you reading?" His rocking lessens, my cue to start talking. "You know, the stars are the most beautiful natural sight in the universe."

His body stops rocking all-together. I hide my smile.

He's listening.

"Have you ever just sat up in your bed with your window open, hoping you'll catch sight of a shooting star so you can make a wish?" My voice has turned wistful. "I used to do that. I used to lose sleep catching those stars so I could make the same wish over and over." I breathe in deeply, talking on through an exhale. "My wish never came true. I never found out who my parents were, or why they didn't want me."

Tomas doesn't focus on me, but his twisted hand pushes his book towards me.

My brows rise in surprise.

This is new.

My body warms and my throat clogs at the unexpected victory. I ask on a whisper, "Would you like for me to read to you, Tomas?"

No answer, just a small nudge of the book towards me.

"I'll read to you, Tomas." I clear my throat. "I'll read to you anytime you like." I smile to myself as I pick up the book and turn to a different page. "All you had to do was ask."

***

"So, what's the deal with the kid?"

After reading another two astrology books to Tomas, he crawled out of his pillow fort and walked out of the library, leaving me to wonder if he actually let me in at all, or if I was so hopeful for it, I imagined it.

I don't bother hiding my scowl. "He's not a kid; he's my age, Marco. And there is no deal. None at all."

Marco picks up a slice of pizza from the middle of the cafe's table and scoffs. "Don't pretend you can't see there's something-"

"If you say something wrong with him, I will stab you with my fork."

He chuckles. "I was going to say something that makes him different."

Reaching forward, I pick up a slice and blow on it. "He is that, but it's more than that."

Chewing his food slowly, he asks, "He simple?"

Nibbling my pizza, I look down at our table. "Simple? Oh, God, no." I meet his gaze, lean forward and confide, "He's exceptional, Marco. Super smart. He reads an entire book in twenty minutes. And today, when I messed up quoting a fact to him, he started rocking and tapped his finger on the page, and when I read it again-correctly this time," eyes wide, I grin and whisper an awed, "he stopped."

Marco lifts his head in thought and smiles. "I'll be damned."

My grin falters a moment. "You can't tell Bob about him."

"Why?"

Taking a second slice of pizza, I avoid his enquiring eyes and mumble, "He might've told me to stay away from Tomas...or something."

He barks out a laugh. "Or something, indeed." I flush as he continues, "Don't worry, kitten. I'll keep your secret. See how that works? Your secret is now our secret." He winks. "Now I've got ammo on you if I need it."

My shoulders stiffen. "Well, that's not very fair. You should tell me something I could use against you. That way, we're even."

Marco's grin widens. "Doesn't work that way, sugar. Secrets need to be given willingly, or dug up."

I smirk at his challenge. "I'll get your secret, Marco. Mark my words."

The playful grin slides off his face. He eyes me in earnest and utters under his breath, "God help you if you do, Cat."

Chapter Eleven

As soon as the motorbike enters the gates, I spot him. And my chest tightens. His body stiff, as though ready to pounce, he glares at us as we approach. This is not Bob. This is Father Robert. Bob is easy-going and funny. Father Robert is droll and serious. And by the looks of things, I'm in deep shit.

When the bike stops a few feet away from him, he steps forward in a show of threat. "Where the heck have you been?"

Marco immediately responds, "Went into town."

He glowers at Marco. "Not you, moron; although, I'll get to you in a minute."

Pulling off the helmet, I adjust my veil. My heart races and I respond a meek, "I went to the library."

"And you didn't think to tell anyone?"

As soon as I say it, I know I've made a mistake. "Marco knew."

Father Robert narrows his brows and repeats slowly, "Marco knew?"

My eyes look anywhere but at him. "I assumed we wouldn't be long, and I know Marco has a cell phone. I'm sorry if I worried you, Father."

Father Robert sighs deeply, and then Bob appears, "Marco does have a cell phone, and I called that cell phone," his lip curls at Marco, "but he didn't answer it."

A look of surprise crosses Marco's face as he pats his pockets. He cringes when he realises his phone isn't there. "Shit, man, I must've left it in my room. I always take it with me. Sorry, Bob. Won't happen again."

Bob takes a menacing step forward until he and Marco are almost nose-to-nose. "Damn right, it won't happen again. You stay away from Cat. You get me, boy?" I watch as Marco's jaw steels and his eyes turn cold. Bob says quietly, "I know what you're doing. Back the f**k off. You don't get paid to stick your nose in other people's business."

Never in my life have I heard Bob speak to somebody this way. I'm in a state of shock.

When Bob retreats to the church, I stand there-a foot away from Marco-where I watch his jaw stiffen further and further.

Not thinking, I place my hand on his arm.

He jerks away so violently my stance quickly turns defensive.

Marco speaks through gritted teeth. "He's right. You should stay away from me." Silence, then, "I'd hate for you to get hurt, Cat."

I start, "Marco-"

His eyes hard, he cuts me off with, "I mean it, Cat. If you know what's good for you, you'll stay far away from me."

I watch him get back on his bike, start it up and speed back towards the road that leads to town. My mind tries to comprehend everything that just happened. Only one thought remains.

My once simple life is anything but that.

***

Tonight is a special occasion.

My feet move around the other women in the kitchen in a dance we have choreographed and perfected over the years. We work well together.

It's Clark's birthday today, so tonight, we feast like kings.

Frankie and I prep the dinner portion of the meal, while Ari works on making individual chocolate souffles for everyone. It's a finicky thing, baking a souffle, even more so when making one for everyone, but Ari does this with such grace and precision; it's a wonder she can hear anything going on around her.

When Ari bakes, the world melts away. She becomes locked in a secure bubble.

This is her happy place.

Frankie peels carrots and potatoes to roast. I season the many racks of lamb to join them. Frankie works the dough for her specialty-handmade pasta. I make the Napolitano sauce from scratch. Ari washes lettuce for the salad, while I quietly chop tomatoes.

Bob approaches.

Bob gets shooed away by three busy women.

Working in the kitchen can be fun when the three of us are together, whereas morning kitchen duty is boring with a capital B.

"So, Cat, what did you get Clark for his birthday?" Frankie probes.

My body turns cold with dread. Slowly turning, I ask with disbelief, "We're doing presents this year? We never do presents!"

Ari rolls her eyes. "I did not get him anything, cheri. Do not panic." Turning to Frankie, she scolds, "Do not freak her out."

Frankie-still peeling vegetables-grins. "It's just that I'm pretty sure I know what Clark wants for his birthday, but it can only come from you."

I'm confused. "Why only me?"

Frankie leans in close and looks around in secrecy before she answers, "Because the boy is in love with you, Cat. He wouldn't want a kiss from anyone else."

A kiss?

A kiss with Clark?

Laughter bursts out of me so viciously Frankie's hand flies to her chest as she jumps back in fright. "Jesus H. Christ, you scared the shit out of me. What the hell is so funny?"

Still chuckling, I explain, "Clark and I are friends! We've always been friends. We'll always be friends. Nothing more. He doesn't think of me like that. I would know if he does. He would tell me."

Her eyes narrow. "He would've told you, would he?"

"Yes. Definitely."

Taking a piece of tomato off my chopping board, she tosses it into her mouth and talks around it. "Then how come he told me this just last week?"

I pause mid-chop. My head lifts. A look of astonishment masks my face.

Peeling away, Frankie utters sarcastically, "Oh, but I'm sure he would have told you if he were head-over-heels in love with you for the last three years. I'm sure." She drags out the last word, and then adds a pffft noise. "'Cause Clark isn't the least bit insecure when it comes to you. No. Not at all. He's so confident you love him back that he's been hiding how he feels all this time." Her expression turns exasperated. "Wake up and smell the roses, Cat! He's scared to tell you how he feels!"

My steady heartbeat suddenly quickens.

Could she be right?

I think back to two years ago.

As I shuffle papers, Clark appears by my side. "How's it going?"

I smile up at him. "I'm good, thanks."

He laughs awkwardly and scratches his chin. "That's great, Cat, really. But I meant how's the job going?"

My cheeks flush. "Oh." I laugh uneasily. "Umm. It's okay, I guess."

Clark's smile fades. "It's been over a month, Cat. You need to move it. We need that Intel, and we need it now."

But ending the job means ending my time with James.

How am I supposed to do that to the person I love?

I don't think I can do it.

I make a grave mistake. Before I can think about what I'm saying, I blurt out, "James doesn't know anything, Clark. I swear. He's a good guy. I know him. He's not a bad guy. We got it wrong this time."

He stares at me long and hard before moving closer to me and whispering, "Cat, think about what you're saying...what you're doing. Think about which side you're taking and why." His expression turns hurt. "You can't choose him over me...us. You just can't."

I don't respond. Clark doesn't understand what James and I have.

None of them do.

They're all against him, and they don't even know him. In order to avoid this argument, I tell him, "I just need another week."

Clark is not a stupid man. He knows exactly what I'm doing. His features harden. "He can't give you what we can, Cat. He is exactly what we said he is. We're your family. He's nothing. And you're everything to...us. Please don't force my hand on this. You have one week." He takes a step away from me, expression cold. "If you're not done in a week, I'll have to tell Bob about this."

It would certainly explain why he was so protective of me when it came to James. But even if Clark did love me, the question remains.

Do I love him back?

Chapter Twelve

If you had asked me about Clark three years ago, my eyes would've turned dreamy, I would've smiled a secret smile and my mind would've drifted off to far-away places. All of those far-off fantasies would have starred Clark as the hero of the story. He always came to my rescue.

He was my champion.

But times have changed. We have changed. We aren't who we were three years ago, and honestly, I would be worried if we were. Three years is a long time for nothing to change.

Change is a natural progression in life.

Clark was my very first crush, and having Frankie tell me I could've had Clark all that time makes my stomach ache.

Bitterness sweeps through me and attacks my mind with vicious flare.

If you had Clark back then, you never would've fallen for that ass**le.

Does that make it Clark's fault, what happened with James?

A solid bubble of emotion clogs my throat and stops me from swallowing. I blink vacantly as my thoughts take a turn in the opposite direction.

What do you feel?

Do you still get those butterflies when he's close by, or have you resigned yourself to the fact all you'll ever be is friends?

I'm...I'm just not sure. The more I think about this, the more unclear the answer becomes.

Dear Lord, please help me find clarity in this trying time.

Brushing my hair, I pause mid-stroke to look at myself in the bathroom mirror.

Bob told us that tonight's dinner was to be casual and relaxed, meaning we don't have to wear our daily disguises. So tonight, I'm wearing a black, tasteful dress; although, I never wear dresses when I don't have to, and I'm not sure why I chose tonight to wear one.

Am I subconsciously trying to look nice for Clark?

Sighing, I shake my head and place my frigid hands on my cheeks to cool them and take some of the intense pinkness away from them.

My dress is nice. At least I can say that much. It's black linen, comes to just above the knee and is fitted everywhere it should be. The neck remains high, buttoned up, with a white collar. The sleeves are long and also have white cuffs. A thin black belt came with the dress, but I don't wear it. I prefer to keep it simple.

This dress was a gift from Frankie and Ari on my eighteenth birthday. We don't usually give gifts for birthdays, but they insisted. They said every girl should have a little black dress, so when we went two towns over and I chose this one, they both said it wasn't the type of little black dress they'd had in mind.

But it's me. And I love it.

I sit on the edge of the tub and pull on my thigh-high white tights, slide on my black Mary-Janes and just as I go to exit-uncharacteristically and impulsively-I stop to reach for one of Ari's headbands. I choose a thin, black band with a small bow on the left side.

After I'm sure about myself, I make my way down the stairs and through to the kitchen. Dinner will be held at Mirage, so when I reach the kitchen and find Ari and Frankie still in their habits, I stop in my tracks.

Ari spots me first. She looks flustered, prattling off harsh words in French. When she settles on me, she beams. "Oh, dear. You look beautiful."

Frankie looks up from placing vegetables onto serving dishes, and rather than smiling, she looks down at my clothes and pales. "Oh, Cat..."

Before she can say a thing, Bob-no, scratch that-Father Robert appears by my side, dressed the part. He smiles down at me. "You look very pretty, girlie." But the expression doesn't reach his eyes.

My mind reels. "What's going on?"

Father Robert puts on a tight smile. "Change of plans. We have an extra guest tonight. An outsider."

Oh, shit.

My eyes widen as I'm suddenly panicked. "Should I go change?"

Frankie cringes, while Bob utters quietly, "Too late for that. They're already here. Just go with it. We'll be okay."

"We're here!" comes from the back entrance.

Smiling widely at Clark's voice, I hear Frankie mutter, "Oh, shit," a second before I turn to see Clark.

And his date.

***

I take my fork and stab at a roasted potato on my plate so hard that a shrill squeaking noise fills the awkward silence of the church's dining quarters. I seem to miss everyone cringe and wince at the high-pitched sound.

I'm oblivious to everything and everyone at the moment. My mood tonight went from hopeful to murderous. Yes. Murderous.

Literally.

If I had a job tonight, I would have executed it in mere minutes. Blood pumps through my veins at such a speed I can hear it pulse and roar through my eardrums.

I'm furious. But what makes me even more furious is that I'm not sure why I'm so angry.

I knew it. I told Frankie Clark and I were just friends, but she pushed. And pushed. And pushed until I thought-for just a moment-we could have something good together. Sure, my feelings for him have changed, but he's a great looking guy; he's sweet, adorable and a great friend, and I'm sure-given the chance-I could fall in love with him.

It took me all day to work up the courage to admit I wanted to kiss him, that I wanted to feel his lips on mine, because I know if I had been given the opportunity to kiss him, that's all I would've needed to know if Clark and I are compatible.

Although, you felt the zing with James...

That wasn't a zing. I was wrong about James. This time around, when I feel the zing, I'll have something to compare it to. Something to judge it against.

This time, you'll know if it's lust or something more.

I sure as hell hope so.

After Clark and Michelle arrived, I stood in the kitchen blinking stupidly at the pretty woman, completely missing my introduction to her. Bob nudged me in warning, so I gritted my teeth and held out my hand to the obnoxiously kempt outsider.

As I shook her hand and smiled, I pictured picking every blonde hair out her head one-by-one. I thought about taking the fork from the long kitchen bench and gouging her pretty blue eyes out. It would've been so easy to take the carving knife next to the resting racks of lamb and slit her dainty little throat, then watch the blood and life ooze out of her simultaneously.

But then she smiled at the mention of my name. Then hugged me.

"Oh, wow! You're Cat! Clark talks so much about you." Winking, she chuckled. "You're his special girl."

I stood there mid-embrace, begging my lip not to curl at her touch, while pleading with my hand to avoid flipping her ass-over-tit and breaking her wrist.

My response was laced with venom. "That's funny. He never mentioned you."

Loosening her hold on me, she took a step back and fluttered her lashes up at him. When he smiled back down at her, it hurt a little. Irrationally. That smile had been directed at me so many times before; I wonder how I missed just how special it was.

That's my special smile.

She beamed at me. "Well, we didn't tell anyone we were seeing each other." Taking Clark's hand, her smile softened. "We wanted to make sure we knew each other a bit better before we took the next step."

My heart skipped a beat.

Excuse me, Cinderella?

Next step? Next step?

I swallowed hard, then stuttered, "N-next step?"

Clark cut in then, "Yeah, meeting each other's family."

Family. Yes. We are a family. I should be happy for him. I should.

So why do I feel as though she's won and I've lost?

Jaw set, I stab at a carrot with such force I almost crack my dinner plate. Father Robert sits at the head of the table, with Sisters Arianne and Francis by his sides. On one side of the table, Michelle and Clark sit close together, whispering soft words to each other.

I fight hard to hide my subtle eye roll.

Oh, puh-leeze. Someone gag me.

On my side of the table, Marco sits between Ari and me, leaving me at the open end of the table.

Michelle speaks up, "So, Cat, where do you go to school?"

Before I can answers with, 'I've been training as an assassin since before you knew your times-tables', Bob cuts me off as he states, "Cat is in training here at the church." He smiles proudly at me. "She's going to be a nun."

Michelle's brows rise in surprise. "Oh, wow," her eyes narrow at my dress, "I didn't realise you could wear things like that."

My mouth opens, but once again, I'm cut off, this time by Frankie, "We're a smaller church, and although our beliefs remain the same as the Vatican, you could say we're a little more liberal that way." Frankie smirks at Michelle. "The way Cat dresses doesn't affect what she believes in, but most days, she wears a modest outfit and veil."

Michelle nods, face blank. We all watch her intently, hoping to God she buys our bullshit. When she smiles for the hundredth time tonight, we all seem to exhale in relief.

While everyone chats away, I mope around my meal. When a husky voice whispers by my ear, I jump. "You look beautiful, pu**y cat."

Blood rushes to my cheeks. "Thank you."

It's then when I stop focusing on the happy new couple and look around me. Frankie and Bob talk with their heads close together, while Ari and Michelle talk from across the table, with Clark listening in on their conversation. And Marco...

Holy shit.

I hadn't really noticed Marco until he spoke to me. Conflicting emotions coarse through me. My cheeks flush hotter. Marco looks amazing. He's made an effort this evening, and dressed up in dark jeans and a black long-sleeved shirt. My eyes close as I suddenly catch his scent, and it makes me want to bury my nose in the crook of his neck and lick a trail up to his jawline.

Oh, f**k.

You don't ever think about Clark that way.

No.

I don't.

Before my mind can stop my mouth, I respond to Marco with, "You look beautiful, too." He lifts his head and slowly turns to me, lips twitching.

Shit!

Cheeks so red they might just burst into flames, I quickly mutter, "Not beautiful-handsome. You look handsome." I shrug in an act to seem as though I'm unaffected by his magnificence. "Not that you don't every other day, but with the dress jeans and shirt, you don't just look handsome-you look gorgeous."

Oh, for fuc-SHUT UP!

Really. Kill me, please.

Having had this conversation quiet enough so no one else could possibly hear, I sit in silence blinking down at my lap, my face on fire. Thankfully, Marco gives me the silence I need right now.

My mouth is dry. I'm suddenly parched.

"I need water," I croak, and reach for my glass at the same time Marco does. Our hands collide and knock my glass full of water all over the table, where it dribbles and spills over the side and into my lap.

Marco mumbles, "Shit," as I jump up so fast, my chair flies back, tipping over with a boom that echoes throughout the room.

As Marco reaches out to me with his napkin in-hand, I step back, away from the source of my discomfort. "I'm sorry; I'm so darn clumsy sometimes." I force a strained chuckle, holding my own napkin to my soaked dress. I look to Clark and whisper, "I'm so sorry." Blinking away tears of mortification, I quickly turn to Bob and ask, "May I be excused?"

Before he can answer, I'm out the door.

Chapter Thirteen

Have you ever been so embarrassed about something all you wanted to do was crawl in a hole and die?

Well, that's exactly how I feel right now.

My feet move quickly up the stairs and down the hall to my room, where I throw open the door, close it behind me and lock it. I shrug out of my dress, humiliated at the fact I wore something special for a man who didn't appreciate it. A man who didn't want me.

I feel rejected for all the wrong reasons.

A day ago, Clark was just my friend. And without him even knowing, I have spent the last twenty-four hours contemplating our non-existent relationship beyond repair.

I quickly dress in plain black pyjama pants and a loose white tee; I slide on my slippers and retreat to a place I always feel welcome. Going the long way around to avoid our guests, I slip downstairs and out Bob's private entrance to the side of the building. I tiptoe my way to the back entry, where my haven awaits me.

I shuffle over to the garden, but surprise has me screeching to a halt.

Clark sits at the bench by the tree beside my garden.

Sighing, I run my hand through my hair and take a small step forward. Clark sits with his elbows resting on his knees, his face in his hands. The sound of leaves crunching beneath my feet has Clark looking up at me. His eyes meet mine in an intense stare.

My heart rate spikes. "Hi."

He looks at me a moment longer, and he looks at me as though I'm a stranger. "Hey."

So very awkward.

Make it stop.

Clark doesn't look up at me, but his voice comes out thick and low. "What's happening with us, Cat?" When I don't make an attempt to answer-because, quite frankly, I have no idea what to say-he sighs, "I know you know. Frankie warned me before I came out looking for you."

I slowly make my way over to the bench and hesitantly sit by his side. I didn't want to go here tonight, especially when Clark's date is waiting for him inside, but there's no avoiding it. "I don't know anything. I thought she was joking." I roll my eyes and nudge him gently with my shoulder. "You know how Frankie is; she's sarcastic so often she even starts to believe her own bullshit."

Much to my relief, he chuckles. "Yeah, I know, but she's honest when counts." He leans forward and places his elbows back onto his knees. "It's true though; she wasn't lying." He turns his head and says sincerely, "I think I'm in love with you."

My throat tightens, along with my gut. I'm finding it hard to breathe.

Love hasn't worked out well for me in the past. It's not something I associate with happy emotions.

"How do you know?" I whisper.

He barks out a humourless laugh. "I know, Cat. I just know," he pauses, "or at least I thought I did. I'm not sure about anything anymore." He looks over at me. "You know why I didn't bring Michelle here earlier?"

I shake my head in complete silence.

He explains, "Because I wasn't sure if I was in love with you, or if I was in love with Cat from three years ago." He breathes deeply and continues on an exhale, "Then you came back to Mirage, and all these feelings came rushing back from where I hid them, but I was already seeing Michelle. I didn't want to be unfair to her, so I delayed her meeting you all. So when I finally decided to bring her down here to meet you guys, Frankie took the opportunity to spill her guts to you, and when we got here, you start acting like a little kid who had to share her favourite toy."

I flush and glare all at once. "I did not!"

He smirks. "You did, Cat. You really did." Placing my hands on the bench, I bite my lip to stop myself from getting defensive. A warm hand comes over mine, and I look up into Clark's eyes. He utters, "It's okay. I would've done the same thing."

My gaze moves to my garden-my pride and joy-and without permission, my mouth opens and reveals things I never intended to share. "I had the biggest crush on you." I smile into the night. "You were my guy, but you didn't even know it. I was fifteen when I saw you for the first time. I knew what Mirage was and why you were there, but I was never allowed near you, and I think in a lot of ways that made you safe. You were a really safe person for me to have a crush on."

He smiles sadly, and I know this isn't something he wants to hear.

I go on, "Then came time for my first initiation mission, and I had to work with you. And when I got to know you..." I pause for a moment, unsure if I want to tell him anymore. Acting against my gut feeling, I tell him honestly, "...I thought you were amazing, everything a girl could ever want in a guy. You were super smart and sweet. You were attentive and gave me your time, and I," I swallow hard and whisper, "I was in love with you, for a very long time."

Clark sucks in a quick breath. I can feel his eyes on me when he mutters, "I feel like there's a but in there somewhere."

A small smile tilts my lips. "But a lot has happened. It's been years, and what happened with James...it hurt. There was a long time where I questioned my every feeling, because it felt like everything was a lie, and..." my heart sinks as I realise now is the time to be honest, cruelly so, "...and I forgot about you. You drifted into the background. I was locked out of Mirage and focused on training. I didn't want to love you anymore, and subconsciously, I think I stopped."

The silence wraps around us in a cocoon of discomfort, but if I have to be here with anyone, I'm glad it's with Clark. He has a way of making a person feel better, just by doing nothing other than being in their presence.

A minute passes. Then two. Finally, he speaks gently, "This is so f**ked up."

That being the farthest thing from what I imagined he would say, a startled laugh flies out of me. Relief loosens some of the tension in my chest. "Yeah. It is. Fucked. Totally."

Clark smiles that mischievous smile I love and mutters, "God, it was fun watching you be all jealous over me."

Infuriating man. "I was not jealous."

He bumps me with his shoulder. "You were. Which brings up the questions: why were you jealous, and why do you care so much?"

Frustration causes me to bark out, "I don't care!"

In a moment of serene clarity, my mind's eye winks at me as the answer is presented plain and simple.

My brow furrows. I blink and whisper, "I don't care."

I don't care. Not even an iota. I don't care if Clark is dating Michelle.

I'm not in love with Clark.

"I'm sorry, Clark. I don't care." I look over at him and my heart skips a beat.

The hurt written on his face is impossible for him to mask. His brows rise as he mutters, "Wow. Ouch."

There is one thing I feel I need to do to prove this sudden epiphany.

"Kiss me, Clark."

His brows almost hit his hairline. He sputters, "W-what?"

I shrug. "Kiss me. Please." When all he does is blink and look at me like I've lost my mind, I add in complete seriousness, "I need you to do this. It's the only way I'll know for sure. Please, kiss me."

He swallows, leans forward and stops a hairs breadth away from my lips. His breath warms me as he whispers, "I've wanted to do this for years." Then his lips are on mine.

This is not the gentle kiss I had imagined almost a million times over. This kiss is desperate and forceful, as if he is begging me to love him. And it makes my heart hurt.

My mouth opens to his, and the tip of his tongue darts out to coax mine.

It's pleasant. And warm. And inviting-in a very platonic way. He tastes like cola and smells sweet, like apples. But...

"Wait."

Clark's body stiffens as he pulls away from me. He cringes. "Was it bad? It was bad, wasn't it?"

"No! It wasn't. It was very nice, Clark, but..."

I try to find the words. Luckily for me, Clark fills the missing spaces easily enough. He sighs, "But it's not enough."

A feeling of helplessness pulses through me. I feel like an ass**le. "I'm so sorry, Clark. I wouldn't have asked you to do that if I didn't need to know. I would never lead you on."

He nods. "I know. And in a way, I'm glad we got this out of the way. Now we know." His smile doesn't reach his eyes. "It is what it is."

Without another word spoken, he stands, places his hands in his pockets and starts to walk back to the kitchen entrance.

I whisper to his retreating back, "I'll always love you, Clark, just not in the way you need me to." Wide awake and needing a distraction, I look over to the barn and decide to lose myself for a little longer before I call it a night.

***

If you were outside looking in, Mirage would not look like a threat. With only two desks, a few whiteboards, filing cabinets up the wazoo, printers and fax machines, it would look about as dangerous as an office anywhere in the world.

Looks can be so very deceiving.

Mirage may look identical to any other office space, but it is the nerve centre of a powerful operation; one I don't fully understand myself. A fax, email or phone call to Mirage will end a life in a matter of days. Chances are that life will meet an end by my own hand.

Such is life, I suppose.

The first thing I did when I made my way inside was turn on the radio and put the volume up high enough to make my eardrums ring.

Music and songs are strange things. They can take you on a journey so far away, so deep into your mind you don't realise you've been taken away until the very last note sounds and you're brought tumbling back to reality.

Music is a beautiful thing.

So is communion wine.

When you take music and add communion wine, you're in for a good time.

Sitting my butt on the floor with my back against Clark's desk, I open the bottle of wine and take a hefty swig. Then another. And another after that. With the music playing and the wine warming my belly, I lean my head back on the desk and close my eyes. I try to see the good in what happened tonight, but hurting Clark in the meantime sucks.

I would never hurt anyone willingly. As I think about that statement, I chuckle to myself.

I'll kill a man, but the thought of hurting my friend's feelings makes me ill?

Oh, man. I am all sorts of screwed up.

When the bottle of wine is pulled from my hands, I jerk upright in shock and open my eyes. Marco sits close to me and tilts the bottle of wine up, taking a swig. Snatching the stereo remote from my other hand, he turns down the music to a barely audible level and apologises, "Sorry I f**ked up your dress."

I watch him through narrowed brows for a moment before snatching back the wine, taking a sip and responding, "It's okay. It was only water, and it was as much my fault as it was yours."

"You looked like you were about to cry."

I sniff indignantly and lie, "I don't cry."

Marco's lip twitches. "Not sure I believe that. Everyone cries."

Raising a brow, I ask, "Even you?"

He nods once, firmly. "Even me. Haven't for a long time, but yeah, I've cried." I snort and he asks, "What? You've never cried before?"

I roll my eyes. "Of course I've cried; I just never thought you would admit a weakness so freely."

"Weakness? Oh, no, honey, you've got it all wrong. I supplied the answer willingly. Freely. If you think that's a weakness, you're looking at it all wrong. I'm not ashamed. I have nothing to hide. I'm unaffected. I took all the power out of that weakness when I told you about it. Now try to use it against me sometime. It has no effect on me." He smirks. "I win."

This point is valid. And I approve. My brows rise in appreciation, and also because I may be slightly tipsy.

Touche.

The wine I've drunk sloshes and splashes against my brain, making my head fuzzy. I blurt out, "I kissed Clark tonight."

Pausing mid-swig, he stills a moment before taking a mouthful of wine. "Well, I guess it was bound to happen. The guy carries a torch for you; that much is obvious." He makes a face. "Coming onto you while his girl's inside though-"

I cut him off with, "I asked him to kiss me."

He doesn't respond, just lifts the bottle to drink again.

The silence makes me edgy. So edgy, I ramble, "I loved him for a while. It was years ago though. Then I fell in love with someone else; someone I shouldn't have. Things turned to shit real fast for me, and I forgot about him. That should've been my first clue. You don't forget about people you love, right?" He opens his mouth to respond, but I'm on a roll. "So I thought if he kissed me and I felt it, it would be worth it. Because if I felt the zing, he'd be someone I could love." Marco looks straight ahead, not giving away a thing with his expression. His face remains devoid.

I snatch the wine from between us and guzzle a quarter of the bottle in one shot. The warmth in my stomach spreads through my body until I feel tingles in my fingers and toes.

I'm comfortably numb in our shared silence.

But my mouth isn't. "It's just so confusing. The first experience I ever had with a man felt like it was the best thing ever. He made me feel loved, and special, and that's a rare thing, I think." I pause a second and continue a on a hush, "but it was all bullshit, Marco, and it f**king hurt. It hurt so much I thought I'd never recover. And that feeling part of my brain broke. I felt cold for a long time. Until just recently." I breathe deeply and close my eyes as my head swims in a happy haze. "First, James, then this thing with Clark, and the dream I had about you, and I'm thinking men are just trouble and I should think seriously about turning lesbian."

Marco's gravelly chuckle warms me. He pries the wine bottle away from my tight grip, gently running his thumb over the back of my hand.

This silence feels safe.

I feel safe here with Marco.

His rough voice breaks through my pleasant buzz. "What dream?"

Chapter Fourteen

"What dream?" I repeat stupidly.

Marco turns to eye me. "The dream you had about me."

I backtrack. What the heck did I just say? "I didn't have a dream about you."

Crap.

There's no way he believed that. I didn't believe that. I'm such a bad liar when I'm drunk.

His body shakes in silent laughter, and he shakes his head, smiling. "Yeah, you did, sweetheart. And now my interest is piqued. You can't say something like that, then leave me hanging. I want to know what I said and did in this dream to have you swearing off men and turning into a rug-muncher," he pauses, "not that there's anything wrong with that."

Still fairly buzzed, the words slip out of my overactive mouth. "You didn't do anything. It wasn't you. It was my subconscious. And it wasn't a bad dream, really. It was just surprising, I guess."

We don't talk for a minute. Or two. Maybe it's three-I'm not sure.

I can hear the amusement in his voice when he asks, "Why, Cat-you didn't have a dirty dream about me, did you?"

"It wasn't all dirty." Someone staple my mouth shut. "I just don't understand why it was you and not Clark I dreamt about." Marco makes a noise low in his throat in offense, and I quickly soothe his pride with a slap to his thigh. "Oh, shut it. You know you're attractive."

Marco grunts his approval. "I think it makes sense."

I can't help it. Laughter bursts out of me, hearty and loud. "Oh, man, you're all ego." Straightening my face, I turn to him and utter deadpanned, "Careful. Your ginormous head may not fit through the door on your way out."

His grin is so beautiful; I want to lick him. "Fuck, you're adorable when you're drinking. But that's not what I meant." He quickly sobers. "Your mind protects you in ways you can't even imagine. Your subconscious plays a huge part in that, and it would make sense for you to dream about me and not Clark. Although we're both a part of your everyday world now, in your mind's eye, I'm the safer bet." He lifts the bottle of wine and takes a small sip. "You could fall in love with Clark. That's not an option with me," he winks at me, "and that's what makes me dream-worthy."

I suppose that makes sense. But then, things that don't make sense normally do when you've downed three-quarters of a bottle of wine on a near-empty stomach.

Something about what he just said bothers me though. "Why is falling in love with you not an option?"

His face voids of expression and he shrugs. "Because I'm an ass**le."

He says this so seriously-so matter-of-factly-my heart squeezes. I'm sad for him.

Everyone deserves love.

"I don't think you can help who you fall in love with." I paste on a small smile. "Even ass**les need love."

He eyes my smile. "I hope you never meet an ass**le who changes your mind about that. Really, I do."

Good Lord. Get a load of Debbie Downer. "Why are you such a cynic?"

He sighs, "Because I was that guy who changed the good girl's mind about loving an ass**le. And now, she's a cynic too."

I want to be surprised by this morsel of information. Sadly, I'm not. "I bet she thought you were worth it," I whisper. My body betrays me when my tongue darts out to lick my lips. "I bet when you were with her, you made it worth it."

Marco groans while running a hand down his face. "You can't say shit like that to me, pu**y cat."

Confusion clouds my mind. "Why not?"

Leaning towards me, his eyes flash. "Because when you say shit like that, it makes me want to kiss you. And if I kiss you, I won't stop at your mouth. I probably won't stop 'til you're in my bed, under me, moaning my name while I watch you come. And then Bob will cut off my dick. Literally."

I want that. Not his dick getting cut off, but the under him part.

Oh, God. Why do I want that?

My body instinctively leans closer to him. His eyes search me, eyeing my body language. They blaze with an emotion I can't quite put my finger on. He reaches up to cup my cheek, his hooded eyes on mine. "You sure you don't love Clark?"

I lean into his touch and rasp, "Yeah, I'm sure. Why?"

"'Cause then I won't feel bad about doing this." He leans down and slowly runs his nose along mine in a touchingly intimate gesture.

My stomach knots in anticipation. Placing his other hand on my opposite cheek, he gently pulls me to him. His breath warms my lips, and I suddenly want this more than anything. Our lips meet in a sweet kiss that is gentle, yet firm. This kiss is confident and wanting.

This kiss is amazing.

My eyes flutter closed as I reach up to grip his shoulders, grounding myself.

Zing.

Oh, shit.

Zing. Zing.

My eyes fly open, and I tell myself to pull away. Instead, I sit up on my knees and-lips still attached-crawl over to be closer to Marco. His strong arms band around my waist, pulling me closer into him, and although we're chest-to-chest now, it still doesn't feel close enough.

My hands move of their own accord from his shoulders and slide up to his neck. Without meaning to, I pull him deeper into me.

He's pulling me into a current. I'm drowning in him.

And I like it.

Zing.

Against my lips, he utters, "I want you to come up to my room." He places soft, open-mouth kisses onto my lips, and then playfully chews my bottom lip. "Say no."

What?

I ask through a soft croak, "What?"

Never stopping his delicious assault on my mouth, he whispers, "Don't do it. Just say no."

He sounds desperate. Almost...begging.

The thought of separating myself from him right now makes me want to weep. My chest tightens. My arms lock around him. "But I want t-"

He cuts me off, apprehension lacing his voice, "Please, Cat. Say no." Leaning his forehead on mine, he mutters, "Don't make me be that guy. I don't want to hurt you, but I will." He pauses. "I will."

I speak softly, but clearly, "You don't have to worry. I don't have any expectations of you, Marco."

His eyes flash. "You should. A girl like you should have expectations. And you should set 'em high. Don't you settle, kitten, not for anyone. Especially not me."

...Lead us not into temptation but deliver us from evil...

Dear Lord, offer me protection from who I need it most.

Protect me from myself.

I press a soft, slow kiss to his full lips. "Take me to bed, Marco."

Chapter Fifteen

"Fuck," Marco groans as I kiss my way down his jawline, to just under his ear.

Somehow, we manage to make our way up off the floor and down the hall to the rooms I have always known were for members of Mirage to stay if they wished to live onsite. Bob and Frankie stay in a room on the second floor, which has its own exit. Ari stays in a room on the opposite side of the building, an office she converted into a bedroom away from everyone else. Clark stays in one of the rooms we are stumbling towards, and I silently pray it's far enough away he won't hear us moaning and groaning-as we are now.

One of his arms is wrapped around me, holding me pressed to him, and the other is holding what's left of the bottle of wine. I hold his face in both hands as I press kisses all over whatever I can reach.

Every now and again, he stops and grips my hip with one hand, grinding his hard length into me. And every time he does this, my mouth opens, and a soft sigh escapes me. My breath hitches. My ni**les bead as he runs his tongue across my bottom lip, showing me how much he wants me. He growls low in his throat as his hips jerk involuntarily.

Heat blooms in my middle. My core clenches. I'm wetter than I've ever been in my life. He feels wonderful. He feels better than I dreamt.

He feels better than I ever remember feeling with James.

And I feel powerful.

All at once, I understand why some women choose to use their sexuality to get what they want. It seems so easy. So simple. So gratifying. A victimless crime, if you will.

I wonder, in a moment of sheer lust, if I will somehow be able to incorporate my newfound sexuality into my job.

Marco bumps us into the wall, and I collide with him none too softly. I chuckle into his mouth, and when I feel his lips curve into a smile, I could die.

My heart skips a beat.

It's then that I realise women who use their sexuality for gain miss out on the small but important things, like belly-flutters, gentle touches and secret smiles. And I want those things.

He loosens his hold on me, reaches behind him and opens what I now understand is a door we're pressed against. We almost tumble inside, and before we can go any further, Marco slams the door shut and pushes me back up against it. "Stop me, Cat."

"No," I say firmly.

He grasps my hip with one hand, and with the other, he uses his fingertips to mark a blazing trail down my collarbone, the valley between my br**sts, lower still, 'til his fingers rest below my belly button at my pubic bone.

My eyes open with a start. My breath seizes.

Zing.

"Touch me." My voice sounds hoarse, even to me.

But he doesn't. His heavy breathing fills the room. I don't breathe at all.

He looks torn. I lift my hands to his chest and whisper, "What is it?"

"I'm still trying to figure out if touching you is worth my life."

We stand, eyeing each other for a long while. I hold my breath. I feel the beginnings of rejection starting to seep in. Dread turns me cold for a single moment before his touch fans the flame inside of me once more.

His fingertips graze over my mound so lightly I wonder if he's touching me at all. I get my confirmation when he cups me gently. My head flies back so quickly it hits the door with a thud. Eyes closed, my hands at Marco's chest grip the material of his black shirt and fist it tightly.

My chest heaves with every heavy breath, and I wonder how I can feel this way from a simple touch, with so little effort. I quickly deduce it's not the touch, but the person who is delivering it. His warm lips press slow, calculated kisses to my jaw. His hand starts a slow back-and-forth rubbing motion over me, and I can't hold it in-I moan out loud.

Without meaning to, my legs clench together tightly. Loosening my hold on him, I lower my hand to his and pull it away from me. Marco sighs-not in annoyance, but in relief.

"I want more," I whisper shakily.

He stops a moment, searching my face. "You sure you're not doing this because of Clark? I can be your rebound if you need one, but are you sure you're okay with it?"

I keep my eyes on his, take his hand and slide it into my panties. Using my own hand to navigate his, I slowly rub his fingers up and down through the wetness there, and I watch his eyes close, a pained expression crossing his face. I lean forward an inch and nip his chin before kissing the same spot. "You did this to me. Not Clark." I kiss his lips. Once. Twice. Three times. "Now, fix it."

His eyes open and his brows rise in surprise. Then that smirk I love appears. "Yes, ma'am."

Pressure on my pleasure centre has me gasping. "Oh, God." My knees shake as my body jerks from stimulation I've never felt before. I never understood what the fuss was about when it comes to sex.

I'm beginning to understand.

A swarm of feelings courses through me, some contradicting others, but overall, an immense feeling of happiness washes over me. He works me gently, but firmly. My breathing quickens. Slowly, then quickly. I whimper and squirm against his hand. Quicker still, then before I know it...

"Oh, oh, oh!" My eyes shoot open, my mouth rounds in an O and I pulse uncontrollably, clenching around his fingers.

I'm freefalling.

Unbelievable.

Pure bliss.

Bright lights dance in front of my eyes in time with every throb. My toes curl.

Marco's hand stills and I'm grateful. I feel hypersensitive right now. I slump forward against him, and he gives me the time I need to come back from where he took me. He strokes my back gently as I nuzzle into his neck.

A minute passes, then two. Finally, I lift my face and look up into his. My eyes flutter sleepily. I bite my lip to stop myself from smiling. "I don't know about you, but I think that was worth your impending death."

His brows lower at me. He blinks a moment. Then he tilts his head back and laughs, loudly and freely. And in this moment, he looks so relaxed and carefree I take a mental snapshot for my own records. When he buries his face in my neck and laughs against me, I melt.

Zing.

A soft smile spreads across my face. Marco lifts his head, smiles and smacks a kiss to my lips. Without a word, his arm wraps around my waist, and watching me, he walks backwards towards his bed. When his legs hit the edge, he sits and grasps my hips, pulling me to stand between his thighs.

In this moment, I'm happy. In this moment, I'm not Catarina the postulant, or Cat the orphan, or even Night Fury. I'm just a young woman with a crush on a guy who seems to like her, too. In this moment, everything is simple. And I will cherish the simplicity forever.

My gaze moves across the room. My cheeks heat, and I cover my hand with my face, chuckling.

Marco grins and gently pries my hand away from my face. "What? What is it?"

I sweep my hand out, gesturing around his entire room and say matter-of-factly, "This is all wrong." A look of confusion crosses his face. I laugh. "In my dream, this room was dark, not light." I point to the left side of the room. "The bed was there, and the covers weren't the ones you have." I point to the right side of the room. "And there was a mirror right there."

His brows rise in shock. "A mirror across from the bed?" I nod slowly, face burning. He swallows hard. "Did you watch us together?"

I look into his eyes and answer a barely there, "Yeah."

His pupils dilate. "How did we look together?"

Marco watching me the way he is throws me into a tailspin. I whisper, "Like a couple of animals trying to tear each other apart."

Marco sucks in a quick breath, and then groans, "Fuck me."

My response shocks me. My shaking hands move up to his face to cup his cheeks as I whisper, "I will, if you let me."

I'm almost worried when he doesn't say a thing, just watches me intently. When his hands come up, gripping the hem of my tee and he lifts it up and over my head, all I can do is raise my arms to assist him. He doesn't waste time with my pyjama pants and panties. In one swift movement, they're pulled down my legs until I stand naked in front of him.

His eyes graze over my body, and I know I should feel self-conscious, but I don't.

This is exhilarating.

Hands on my waist push my back half a step. He stands, and without asking me to, I begin unbuttoning his shirt while he works on his belt. I feel him kick his shoes off, and hear his buckle jingle as it becomes free. His shirt unbuttoned, I reach for his collar, push it back over his muscular shoulders and down his back 'til his torso is bare.

My breath catches.

He's an Adonis.

Body built-strong and cut in all the right places-his arms are thick, and when he pulls down his jeans and boxers, I'm shown a pair of strong, long legs.

He's absolutely stunning.

His erection stands thick and proud, begging for my touch. I run a finger gently up the underside, and as Marco hisses in a breath, his c**k bobs happily.

At the very moment I move to wrap my hand around him, he grabs my hand and says a rushed, "Next time, you play all you want, honey, but right now, I need your pu**y."

He turns us both and guides me to lay in the middle of his king-size bed. Kneeling at the edge of the bed, he opens a silver foil packet and sheaths himself with the very first condom I have ever seen in my life.

It's a little weird looking, actually, but does nothing to fizzle my arousal. In fact, I'm glad he thought of it. God knows, I wouldn't have. He crawls to me, then over me. My arms open for him, and he lies on top of me. My legs spread of their own accord, as if summoning him, and I feel a trickle of wetness slide down my cleft.

I am so ready for this.

He settles between my legs, and I gasp when the very tip of him kisses my clit. Fisting his erection tightly, he rubs his length up and down my slit, coating himself with my wet, warm arousal. His eyes drift closed and his jaw tightens. "Fuck. So wet."

I stiffen when I feel him place the head of his c**k at my entrance.

This is it.

Leaning down to my face, he captures my mouth in a deep kiss. He begins to push into me, and when he reaches resistance, stops. I wince as I try to hide the discomfort, and he puffs out a laugh. His fingers trail my cheek. "I told you, Cat. I know everything about you. I knew. It's okay."

My cheeks heat.

Oh, thank God.

He presses a soft kiss to my lips. "This is going to pinch, but it won't last long. If you want me to stop at any point, just tell me and I will."

My eyes on his, I only see sincerity. And it warms me. "Okay."

His hands reach under me to wrap around my back. He starts to push once more, and I force myself to breathe. He smiles down at me, and I can't help but smile back.

My smile dies a quick death.

Pain.

Oh, the pain.

My stomach clenches, and I moan long and low, sounding a bit like a wounded animal. With every light push, he stretches me more and more. My hands fly up and grip his shoulders tightly. My nails dig into his skin. Tears fill my eyes as I start to hyperventilate.

Marco grits his teeth as if this is hurting him too, and he pushes farther and farther, all the way into me 'til there is no space left between us. His body turns rigid, and I know he's using all his willpower to not thrust into me like a madman.

He softly shushes me and kisses my neck in gentle pecks. I try to control my breathing, but it's hard. A moment passes, then another. The sharpness of the pain begins to ebb away as we lay there connected in the most intimate way. I open my eyes and look up at him.

He wears a look of tenderness, and I'm not exactly sure why. He whispers, "You tell me when it starts to feel a little better."

The pain fades, and a feeling of discontent courses through me, as though having him inside of me is nice, but something's missing. Something fierce.

My breathing turns ragged. "Now. Right now. More, please."

He thrusts up into me, so deeply a groan is forced out of me. A loud one. My eyes flutter closed, and I hear his strained, "Don't you f**king dare. Open your eyes, baby. Look at me."

Chest heaving, I open my eyes and they meet his. He smirks and continues his controlled, deep thrusts. "That's it. See me."

A sudden feeling of neediness radiates from my core.

More.

I need more.

Zing.

I lift my leg to drape over his hip. He growls. I beg on a whisper, "More. Faster."

He works himself harder, jaw clenched, biting his lip, thrusting deep and fast. I thread my arms under his to wrap around his back, and pure satisfaction warms my body when I feel sweat beading along his body.

That's all for you. That effort, that work. All for you, Cat.

My orgasm, once again, comes hard and fast. Tingles start up my spine. White dots blur my vision. My nails dig into Marco's back. As I tighten around him, he groans, "Yeah, baby. Fuck. Take it."

My head is thrown back in a fit of pleasure. My back arches off the bed, sealing my front to his strong, delicious body. I gasp then moan out, "Marco," as my pu**y clenches around him, gripping him. Thanking him.

His mouth opens in a silent moan, and his eyes drift closed as his thrusts turn erratic. He buries his face in my neck, and the smell of his cologne wafts over me. He smells delicious.

Still floating in the aftershocks of bliss, I move my hand to grip the back of his head to hold him to me. The sound of our combined heavy breathing fills his room. All at once, his hips jerk into me then still. He growls into my neck, and then bites me at the point where my neck and shoulder meet.

The unforeseen move forces my own hips to jerk into him.

His body turns rigid. He bites harder. I gasp as I feel his c**k twitch inside me. He groans low in his throat. Then it's over. We're spent. We collapse into each other, chests heaving.

I am in awe. No wonder people do this, and often. We just finished and I want to do it again.

My heart races.

Zing.

"That was amazing," I whisper shakily.

Still connected, Marco turns us onto our sides and watches me intensely. His stare is so deep, so confronting, that I avoid looking into his eyes and dip my chin to his chest. Fingers come under my chin and lift my face. My eyes meet his reluctantly, and I watch his lips twitch. He utters in reverence, "You're amazing."

He lowers his mouth to mine, and my eyes close at the connection. I feel this kiss deep in my soul. This kiss isn't an action. It's a conversation. So much is said in this kiss. My fingertips graze his chin as I deepen the connection.

I feel his lips curve against mine and I grin right back. He chuckles into my mouth. "So f**king worth it."

Dear Lord. I'm doomed.

Chapter Sixteen

Sneaking out of Marco's room wasn't easy. Not because I was worried about anyone else seeing me. It was pretty obvious that at four a.m., no one would be awake. The trouble with sneaking out of Marco's room...was Marco.

"Don't leave. Stay here. It's just a few hours." Grasping my hand tightly, he argued, "Just have a nap with me. I'll set my alarm and we'll get up together," he smirked while looking over my body, "and shower together."

I scoffed, "Yeah, that'd go well." I straightened and imitated how things would likely go down. "Hey, Bob! Yeah, Cat and I slept together, and now we're just gonna go shower. What's that? You're going to kill me?" I looked down at my stomach and blinked. "You f**king shot me, Bob!" For dramatic effect, I threw myself back on the bed and closed my eyes. "Oh, nuts, I'm dead."

Marco's silent laughter shook the bed and I grinned. He was so easy to talk to and joke with. I don't think I've ever felt more comfortable with a person before him.

After we had sex, Marco got up and tried to insist I let him bathe me, but there was no way I was going to risk being caught showering with him. Mirage has a communal bathing area, much like a gym or college. Think of the living quarters as dorm rooms-spacey dorm rooms, but still dorm rooms without bathrooms.

When I refused to shower with him, he sighed as if I were aggravating, got up, took care of the condom and shuffled around his room for a little while. He came back to bed holding a bottle of water in one hand, and a towel in the other.

The towel was white.

My eyes widened. I jerked my chin towards the towel and snorted, "I am not using that."

He lowered his eyes down at the towel. "Why not?"

I choked out, "It's white!" He stared at me, clearly not getting it. I rolled my eyes. "It'll be red by the time I'm done."

He shrugged. "I'll say I cut myself shaving." I hesitated, and he sighed, "Do you want me to find a darker towel?"

"Yes, please," I muttered thankfully.

The room fell silent when he slipped on his jeans and headed out. It only took him a minute to find another one. When he returned with a red towel in hand, I stood, walked over to him and held my hand out for it. He glowered at my hand and pulled the towel back, out of reach. "You want it; you need to pay for it."

My eyes narrowed. "With what?"

His eyes grew hooded. "Come here."

Taking a single step closer, I squeaked when his arms wrapped around me and he lifted me off the ground, holding me close to his bare chest. He took my lips in a demanding kiss. A kiss that felt wonderful and left me feeling wanted.

When he let me go, he looked down at me and pushed a stray hair behind my ear. "Debt paid." He handed me the towel, and taking the water bottle to a deserted corner of his room, I washed myself in silence with my back to Marco, glad for the fact I couldn't see my own blood on the soft fabric I cleaned myself with.

Before long, I was done, and as soon as I came within a foot of the bed, I was pulled back onto it and into Marco's welcoming arms.

Lying next to him made me feel small, and the way his body towered over mine left me feeling safe and protected. His gentle nature was a definite surprise, as was his need to touch me. I expected something different, but I was happy with what I got. Extremely happy.

Lifting my hand high, he played with my fingers and avoided my gaze. "Don't go."

He was so sweet and attentive, and I really, really wanted to stay. But away I went.

He kissed me hard by his door, and then pressed kisses to my hands, the hands he held in his. He tried hard to convince me to let him walk me to the church building. I assured him I was a big girl and had walked the lot this early thousands of times. Reluctantly, he let me go, and I walked the entire way to my room with a huge smile on my face.

As far as first times go, that was pretty good. I was delightfully sore-just enough to remind me of why, but not enough to make me want to never do it again. The perfect amount.

As I walk into my room, I glance up sleepily at the clock in my room. The time reads 4:25 a.m.

My lip curls. No time for sleep this morning. If I try to sleep now, chances are I'll sleep the day away. I'm already pulling away from my chores enough; I don't want to disappoint Father Robert, so I shower as quickly as I can, secretly smiling to myself when I gently wash the soreness between my legs, dress in my conservative uniform and veil and head down to the kitchen.

Still dark outside, I switch on the lights above the workbench and start taking out ingredients for the bread. I've not needed a recipe for bread since I was ten years old. This is second nature for me.

I knead the bread then allow it to rise. I tap my finger on the edge of the counter and purse my lips.

What now?

I catch myself a second before my head hits the counter.

Damn it.

My eyes feel heavy as slumber silently attacks me. I need to do something quick, or I'm going to fall asleep standing. Shaking my head vigorously, I force a cough and open my eyes as wide as I can, then yawn and stumble down to the hall closet. Mopping seems the best thing to do right now. It's something I have to use my entire body for.

I nod, blink and fall asleep twice while waiting for the mop bucket to fill.

Then fall asleep using the mop as a crutch in the middle of the unwashed kitchen floor.

Then again while waiting for the bread to bake.

When the oven timer dings, I jump awake into a low, defensive crouch, arms out, ready to attack.

The bread is out cooling, and while the oven is still on, I decide to make breakfast muffins. I get to work mixing the batter, stretching and yawning all the while. I pour the mixture unevenly into a muffin tray and all but throw it in the oven.

Must. Stay. Awake.

I quickly mop the other half of the kitchen, wash all the dishes, clear the workbench then sit at the kitchen table to wait for the muffins to bake. When the oven timer wakes me a second time, I jump out of my chair mid-snore, swinging my arms at my would-be assailant. Frustration has me fuming. "Fuck!"

The muffins now out of the oven, I turn it off and resign myself to a day outside doing my favourite thing in the whole world-tending to my garden. And by tending to my garden, I must mean falling asleep on the bench by the large oak, because that's exactly what I do.

***

"Cat?"

I swat away the hand at my forehead.

"Cat, wake up." The voice in my head is persistent. Firmer this time, "I swear to God, girl, if you don't open your eyes and give me some sort of sign you're okay, I'm throwing you over my shoulder and taking you straight to the hospital."

What?

Where am I?

Groaning, my hand flies to my pounding head, while my eyes try to open. After a few seconds, I manage to peek through one eye and look straight at an extremely concerned looking Bob. Sitting up on the bench, I stretch and yawn. "I'm sorry, Father. I didn't realise I fell asleep."

His brows lower. "Been trying to wake you for some time now. Are you feeling okay?"

My mouth feels like sandpaper. "I'm fine. Sorry I worried you. I woke earlier than I normally do and got my chores done before it was light out. I came out here to do some gardening and must've passed out." He doesn't look convinced. I suppose a small truth won't hurt. "I really didn't sleep well last night."

"Okay, well, why don't you go get some sleep? I can get someone else to work tonight."

My eyes widen at that. "No!" Bob's brows rise in surprise, but I can't stop myself from getting defensive. "I know I'm the youngest here, but if I were anyone else, I already would've had ten jobs, Bob. Stop treating me differently than everyone else. I should be getting those jobs. They're my f**king jobs." My blood boils. I grit my teeth and bare them like a rabid dog. "What the f**k do I have to do to prove to you that I'm ready?"

He sits there watching me through an expressionless gaze. I'm immediately contrite; I lose some steam.

Running a hand down my face, I sigh, "You always said this was what I was here for, that this is why I was brought to you. This is God's will. So why are you denying me my lot in life?"

Bob dips his chin and looks down to his shoes. His voice is uncharacteristically soft. "I didn't watch the others grow up. I didn't chase away the monsters from under their beds when they were seven. Or read to them 'til they fell asleep. Or cut their meat for them 'til they were ten. I didn't raise them as my own, Cat." He pauses. "Be mad at me all you want, but this is hard for me. I didn't expect to feel this way when you were ready to go out on your own, and in a way, what happened with James was an excuse for me to hold onto you. So I grabbed it. I grabbed it with both hands. Because I wasn't ready to let you go."

My heart squeezes tightly in my chest. I feel my pulse beat through my temples. I don't know what to say to that.

Bob nods. "You want me to treat you like one of the crew, so you'll go alone tonight." He smiles, although his eyes are filled with sadness. "This is your job, girlie. You can do it. I have faith in you."

His hand grips the back of my neck in a move that is so familiar my eyes close, as emotion clogs my throat. He presses his lips to my forehead. "May the Lord be with you, child."

My soft voice shakes. "And also with you, Father."

He leaves me alone at my bench feeling a little victorious...and a f**k of a lot terrified.

Chapter Seventeen

I feel disgusted. What I'm wearing is disgusting. If I had time to throw up right now, I would. My ass is freezing. My teeth chatter. I can't believe this is my job tonight. I've been at this very spot for almost an hour.

Close to midnight, I see my target approach on the deserted dirt road.

Go time.

I wrap my arms around myself and force a violent shiver. My teeth clatter together harder than I should allow, but I need to look pitiful. Luckily, being three towns over, no one here would recognise me, even if they got a good look at my face. I start to walk down the road and wait.

The red truck I know is coming slows behind me, and then stops.

"Excuse me, miss? Are you all right?"

My eyes close. I bite the inside of my cheek and I feel my eyes begin to water. "No. I...um-" My lips quiver. "I'm lost."

Trenton Hyke comes around me to get a look at my face. In his mid-thirties, he's actually an attractive man. A tall, solid body from physical farm work, his arms are muscular and the tight tee he wears does nothing to hide the fact he's strong. His brown eyes search me. His dark brown messy hair is worn buzzed. When he looks down at my school uniform, his eyes flash and dilate.

Well, that didn't take long.

Fucking perv.

Frankie and Ari did a great job making me look like a high-schooler. Pigtails and all. Now it's up to me to portray utter innocence. After all, I'm here to seduce this motherfucker. I need to get into that truck with him.

Hyke tuts, "What's a pretty girl like you doing all the way out here, huh?"

I bite my lip and twist my tiptoes into the dirt. I dip my chin. "A guy I was with took me out here. When I wouldn't kiss him, he left me. If I knew he'd leave me, I would've done it." Tears trail down my cheeks as I look up at Hyke. "I don't know where I am."

He takes a step closer to me and places a hand on my shoulder. "I'll take you home, if you like."

I blink in what I hope looks like awe. "You'd do that, mister?"

He sighs, "It'll take me out of my way, for sure, but yes, I'll take you home." His thumb caresses my shoulder. "You're too damn pretty to be out here all alone." He smiles what he thinks is a friendly smile, but to me, it looks vile. "What's your name, miss?" He pauses. His voice drops an octave. "How old are you?"

I sniffle. "I'm Rachel. And I'm fifteen."

Hyke shakes his head. "Didn't your parents ever tell you not to get in cars with boys?"

I shrug and whisper, "I don't have any parents."

If I blinked, I would've missed the way his face lit up for an entire micro-second.

He quickly masks his expression and utters, "C'mon, let's get you home," then walks back to his truck.

I all but skip over to his truck.

Let's do this.

When we're both in the truck, he asks, "Where are we headed?"

"Greenwood."

Hyke's eyes narrow. "Greenwood? How the heck did you end up here? That's a long way away."

Reaching up, I fist the seatbelt and whisper apologetically, "I'm sorry. I know it's far." I pause, and then ask fearfully, "You're not going to take me home now, are you?"

Hyke sighs and I know this game just started. "I will take you home, Rachel. I said I would, so I will."

But?

"But I'm just curious." Bingo. "Why didn't you kiss that boy today? Kissing is nothing. It means nothing. Why didn't you just do it?" He grins. "You might have liked it."

I am this close to ending this f**ker right now.

Instead, I bite my lip and look up at him from under my lashes. "I wanted to; I just didn't know how."

Hyke looks heavenward, and I'm sure he's thinking he's hit the underage jackpot. I'm glad he feels this way.

Let's see if he still feels this way in ten minutes.

He lowers his face and looks straight ahead. "I could show you." He peeks at me from the corner of his eye. "There's nothing to it. It's easy."

I furrow my brow. "I don't know..."

Hyke lifts his hands in surrender. "One kiss. Then, if you want to stop, we'll stop." He crosses his heart with a fingertip. "Cross my heart."

I look up in thought. "One kiss? Then you'll take me home?"

Hyke jerks a nod. "If that's what you want."

I wring my hands and look down at my lap. "Okay."

This is the part I dread.

Knowing Marco and Clark are both listening in.

Hyke moves down the bench seat and is by my side before I can take a breath. Looking up at him with wide eyes, I whisper, "I don't know what to do."

He runs a hand down my cheek and I lean into it. "I'll show you."

I'm appalled at my reaction to this little game. I seem to be getting turned on.

He lowers his face to mine until our lips brush, and then he speaks against them softly, "You just put your lips on mine and kiss me. Follow my lead, baby. We'll start slow."

Then we're kissing. And f**k me, I have to press my legs together. Hard. I'm extremely aroused.

He softly kisses my lips, keeping his hands to himself and only using his lips to start with. Pulling back, he asks, "How was that?"

I blink. "It was good. I liked it." I flush, knowing I'm actually not lying here.

He grins. "More?"

Nodding, I move to meet him in the middle of the seat. This time, when his lips meet mine, I moan and listen as Hyke cusses, "Fuck. You're a ripe one."

His tongue darts out into my open mouth, and without meaning to, I lift my hands to cup his cheeks, pressing my chest to him. His arms wrap around me. I lift my leg to rest on his thigh, doing this purposely so he can get a glimpse of my white cotton panties.

Our kissing goes from gentle to vicious in mere seconds. I have him where I want him, and I know it.

He bites my bottom lip and I begin to rub myself against his thigh. His loud groan fills the cab, and then I'm lifted up and onto his lap, legs spread. Still kissing, he grips my ass and pulls me into him, grinding his crotch into mine.

The moan I let out is very real. My ni**les pebble and I'm close to coming.

He pulls his lips away from mine and watches me through hooded eyes. "Have you ever touched yourself before?"

My eyes widen. I don't answer.

He grinds some more. "Don't be shy. I want to make you come. Have you ever had an orgasm before, baby?"

I shake my head vigorously and he grins. "Good. I'm glad I'll be your first."

His hips start to rotate, and his denim-covered hard bulge brushes over my magic button. My eyes roll back into my head. "Yes."

With every rotation, he pulls me deeper into him, forcing contact. Forcing a reaction.

He gets one.

My heart races. My breathing heavies and my eyes shoot open as my core clenches.

Then, the finale.

I buck against him, pushing my crotch right up against his. I jerk and pulse through my release, and moan out, "Oh, God."

When I begin to float down from my high, I don't even hesitate.

Looking Hyke in the eye, I reach into my navy blue blazer and pull out the weapon I chose just for tonight.

His body jerks when he sees it. His eyes widen in shock. "What the f**k is that?"

"A hunting knife," I respond robotically, holding the ten inch serrated blade up in front of my face.

Hyke swallows hard. "What is this?"

Still on his lap, I lean back on the dash and make myself comfortable. "You have a bad habit, Trenton." I watch his shocked face morph into sheer terror. I shake my head and continue on a long exhale, "Why couldn't you just leave those girls alone? They didn't want you, and you forced them." My brows rise. "That's a big no-no, Mr Hyke."

"That's a lie," he hisses. "Every f**king one of them was begging for my cock, just like you were, you little whore."

"I am a little whore, aren't I?"

Hyke's face makes me want to burst into laughter. I lean closer to him and lick his cheek. "I do want your cock, Mr Hyke." Gripping the front of his shirt, I put on a baby-like voice and ask, "Can I have it, mister?"

His deflated erection begins to harden once again as I grind against it. "You want me to f**k you, Trenton?"

Breathing heavily, he whispers, "Fuck, yes."

I kiss him then. Deeply, as a lover would. "Okay."

Without warning, I push the blade into the centre of his gut firm and fast until I can push no farther. I curl my lip. "Be careful what you wish for, Trenton Hyke."

Fuck you, I did, Mr Hyke. I f**ked you hard.

He tries to fight me, but it's a pitiful attempt. He stops soon after, resigning to the fact he is dying. And no one will be able to help him. Eyes wide with shock, tears fall over the sides and onto his cheeks. He mutters over and over, "No," until he coughs, sputters and blood seeps out of his mouth.

I watch as he weakens, pales and wheezes, and finally, he takes his final breath. The light fades from his eyes and I glare at him. "Stupid motherfucker."

My breath hitches in exhaustion, and I call out to no one in particular, "Come get me."

Within minutes, a black Mercedes pulls up beside the red truck. I get in and don't bother greeting Clark.

I put on my seatbelt, turn up the radio and curl up against my door. I sigh to myself. All I want to do is shower and spend some time with Marco.

Chapter Eighteen

Arriving back at Mirage was different this time. There was no congratulations or fanfare as was done after my first job. In fact, Frankie and Ari were already asleep. Bob waited to make sure I wasn't hurt, but after he did that, he gripped my neck and kissed my forehead, then went to bed himself.

I'm not sure what I was expecting, but coming back to find Marco at his desk glaring at me wasn't it.

Clark shot me a forced smile. "Goodnight, Cat. I'm glad you're safe."

I returned an equally strained smile. "Thanks. Goodnight."

And now we are alone.

Marco stands so quickly, my breath catches. He strides over to me, jaw set. If looks could kill, I'd be f**ked.

"Wash him off you. Then come to me."

And it hits me all at once. Oh, wow. He's pissed at me. I could almost say he's... I lean back against Clark's desk and grin. "Are you jealous?"

Marco grins back, only his is cruel and distorted. "I don't get jealous, kitten. Now, shower."

I watch him retreat to the hall that leads to his room.

The thought of Marco jealous makes me giddy. I all but run to the shower, undress and then wash myself thoroughly under the lukewarm water.

Only wrapping a towel around me, I carry my clothes and tread lightly down the hall. I don't bother knocking when I reach Marco's room. I open the door and quickly slip inside.

I'm greeted by darkness.

A light by the bed turns on, illuminating the room in soft light. When I look to the bed, I have to fight not to swallow my tongue. Marco lies on the bed, arms behind his head, half-covered in only a sheet. His bare torso and legs make my mouth water. I shuffle towards the bed, and when I hit his side, I drop my clothes to the floor and climb over him. Still in my moist towel, I lay on him, wrapping my arms around him. I close my eyes and hope for the best.

Hesitantly, his arms come around me. He holds me tight. Almost too tight. But I love it. My eyes start to feel heavy. My breathing steadies. The lamp light disappears, and Marco runs his fingertips over my back.

Just as I'm about to fall asleep, he kisses my temple. Silence. Then, in a near whisper, "I was jealous."

I fall asleep with a stupid grin on my face, holding him tightly.

Chapter Nineteen

I wake to soft lips on my cheek. My eyes flutter open to see a smiling Marco standing over me, already dressed for the day. "I have work to do, but you can stay here and sleep if you want."

Blinking through my fog, I sit up in his bed. "No, I'll get out of here. Just give me a sec."

He checks his watch. "Listen, I don't have the time to wait. Just lock the door from the inside and close it when you leave."

I nod. "Okay."

He leans down to me and captures my lips in a slow, needy kiss. I moan into his mouth and he curses, "Fuck. We'll have to continue this later, honey."

I like it when he calls me honey.

Kissing me once more, he heads out, leaving me with a wink.

So gorgeous.

The man is magically delicious.

Still groggy from the night before, I quickly gather my clothes from the floor beside the bed and start to dress. But I can't find my panties.

I look around the bed and behind the frame, but I can't see them. Under the bed seems most likely, so I fall to my knees with a groan and shove my hand under, feeling around.

It's too early for this shit.

I don't feel a thing. Confused, I look everywhere around the room, but come up empty. They have to be somewhere, dammit. Under the bed still seems like the go-to place for missing panties, so I get back on my knees, and this time, I shove my head under the bed.

Aha!

I see them. Pretty far under, but I think I can reach them. I grab hold of them and pull them out, but something comes with them. I quickly dress in my panties and eye the small black wallet.

I should put it back.

Yes. You should.

I'll just put it back. After I look inside.

I open the wallet and look inside. Blinking, I flip it closed. Then open it again and read. My brows knot.

This can't be right.

Unable to stand at the moment, I sit on the edge of the bed. Once more, I flip open the wallet and read. I read until the letters and number blur together. I read until my eyes water. I read until rage singes my insides.

Finally, I drop the hand holding the wallet by my side and stare into nothingness.

"I'll f**king kill him."

End of Act One

