Chapter One

"I'll f**king kill him." Pressure builds in my ears as I glance down at the black wallet gripped tightly in my shaking hands.

Tell Bob.

Oh, my God. I have to tell Bob.

My gut sinks. So many questions will be raised. Questions I'm not ready to answer. But it needs to be done.

This is urgent.

I dress as quickly as I can in my sweat pants and tee, pocket the wallet and make my leave. Before I exit, I glance around the room, Marco's room. Lowering my gaze, I shake my head in disgust.

So f**king stupid. You sure know how to pick 'em, Cat.

My heart races as I think hard about what I'm going to say to the man who raised me. The man who treats me as his own. The man who would kill for me. I come up blank.

First James, now this. I'll never live this down.

I run a hand through my knotted hair and walk down the hall, out of the dorms towards Mirage. Suddenly, I pause mid-step. My heart skips a beat.

Act natural. Don't panic.

I close my eyes and draw in a deep breath before stepping into Mirage. My eyes widen. I blink.

It's empty.

No one's here. Thank God.

I let out a breath I hadn't realised I was holding and make my way to the church. The closer I get, the angrier I become. How dare he! He knew. He knew and he still took my virginity. Yes, he said he was an ass**le, but I had no idea it stemmed this deep.

I thought we had a connection. A common interest. I thought we were one and the same.

I was wrong.

We aren't alike at all. He played me like a finely tuned violin. And I let him.

I'm livid. Rage bubbles in my belly, like a volcano threatening to erupt and unleash its fury on anything that dares get close enough to it. I grit my teeth and growl, "Fuck."

I pass my garden without so much as a glance and throw the kitchen door open. But it's empty too. I sigh. Irritation has me muttering, "Where the hell is everyone?" The quicker I do this, the better. This isn't something I can hide and hope it goes away.

My chest heaves. Panting, I run up the stairs to my room and walk the hall, checking every room for signs of life. It seems I've been abandoned this morning.

The last place I think to look is Bob's office.

Bob. My heart stutters and clenches painfully. Poor Bob. He will not take this well.

Shuffling to the office door, I swallow hard and knock lightly.

"Come in," calls Frankie.

I stare down at the door handle a moment wondering if I should enter at all. It would be so much easier to pretend I don't have a hole burning in my pocket in the shape of a man's wallet. Unsteadily, I grip the handle and open the door. Frankie, dressed in her habit, sits behind Bob's desk, going over paperwork that needs to be filed.

She glances up at me and beams, "Morning, kiddo. Heard you nailed it last night." One brow rises and she utters huskily, "Or should I say, nailed Mr Hyke." My face burns and she chuckles, "You little hussy. Who knew?"

I clear my throat. "Is Bob around?"

Her smile falls. "No, sweet girl, he got called out to the Fontaines."

I'm immediately alert.

The Fontaines?

Mrs Fontaine, the librarian in town, is the sweetest woman alive. She and Ari took turns giving me lessons in French throughout my childhood. Not necessarily something I need to know, but knowing two languages is better than one in my opinion. If something happened to Mrs Fontaine... My chest squeezes.

I near whisper, "Why?"

Frankie shrugs and sighs, "Mr Fontaine hasn't been doing well for quite some time, Cat." My shock must be written clear on my face because Frankie adds quietly, "He's dying."

Silence thickens the air around us. I try in vain to cut through it. My response comes out weakly, "Oh."

She straightens and looks up at me. "Anything you want to talk to me about?"

I paste on a smile that is so void of happiness, I feel ashamed to wear it. "No. Thank you, though. I really need to speak to Bob. When he gets in, can you ask him to come find me? He'll know where I'll be."

She scoffs, "We all know where you'll be. That damn garden is more loved than I am."

I smile a worthless fake smile and move to leave. I reach up and grasp the doorframe till my knuckles turn white. Without turning back, I ask, "Do you know where Marco is?"

Frankie doesn't respond for a long while.

I grip the frame tighter, shut my eyes tightly and grit my teeth.

Please, don't ask.

Finally, she answers cautiously, "Uh, no. Sorry. He took off about an hour ago."

My feet carry me away from the office and lead me through the kitchen, to the back entrance of the building. And more importantly, my garden.

I kneel by the vegetable patch, close my eyes and pray for guidance. Praying for courage, the rosary beads wound around my hand are so tight, they threaten to cut off the circulation there.

When I hear the familiar rumble of an engine, I jump to my feet. I tell myself to be calm and think rationally. That's obviously not going to happen today. Standing on shaking legs, I move to block the path where he rides. My face stern, eyes void, I see him approach, but really I don't see him at all. Blood rushes through my body; pressure builds behind my eyes and ears. I feel as though I'm going to explode from the anger sizzling my insides.

The motorbike stops a foot away from me. He removes his helmet, smirking, "I was going to come looking for you, but you found me first." Standing from the bike, he walks over to me with a hungry look in his eyes. "Let's finish what we started this morning."

My hands ball into fists. Of all the emotions rushing through me, two stand out. Disappointment and hurt.

He hurt me.

It f**king hurts.

Meeting him halfway, I step forward, wrench my arm back, and in one swift move, I break Marco's nose.

I expect him to fall, but he doesn't. He's too solid to go down from one punch.

He steps away from me, his green eyes blazing. Blood drips from his nostrils over his lips and down his chin. His voice should scare me, but I'm too pissed to notice. He utters slowly in complete calm, "What the f**k?"

My response comes in the form of a high kick to his cheek.

His eyes widen in surprise, but it's too late. That takes him down. Not all the way down, but he sinks to his knees.

I should feel victorious, but I don't. I feel sad.

I take a step back, watching him all the while. He stands, jaw set. "You're upset about something. I get that. But I don't know why." He eyes search me while his voice softens, "Tell me what's wrong, honey."

My back arches like a rabid dog preparing to attack. My body trembles, fighting to hold back the anger that threatens to overcome. I speak through gritted teeth, "Don't you call me that. You shut your f**king mouth."

Blood slowly drips down his neck. He put his hands up slowly in a placating gesture. "I'm okay. You broke my nose but we're cool. I'm not angry. So why don't we take this back to my room and we can talk about it there. Okay?"

I'm just about ready to attack for a third time when he utters softly, "Baby, if I did something to offend you..."

I spit, "Your being alive offends me. Shut the f**k up."

Not one to back down, he walks closer to me. I don't back away; instead, I contemplate my next move.

His eyes narrow in what looks to be hurt. "Seriously? Don't say shit like that. Not cool, Cat."

I can't stop myself.

I launch myself at him. Only this time, he knows it's coming. I see him raise his elbow a second before it hits my temple.

My body flies backwards. I land, back first, with an oomph to the hard ground. Marco's eyes widen. "Fuck!" He's by my side in a mere moment. Looking over my body, he states heatedly, "I didn't want to do that. I didn't mean to do that." He glares at me and booms, "Stop hitting me!"

In a moment of weakness, my eyes sting.

Chest heaving, I reach into my pocket with a quaking hand. I pull out the offending item and place it on my lap.

Marco stands up and away from me. "Where'd you get that?"

I don't bother answering. What's the point?

It's over.

This is the first time I've seen cool and calm Marco panic. He paces, running a hand over his buzzed hair. "You tell Bob?"

My lip curls. "Not yet, but I will the second he gets back."

He stops pacing and turns to look at me. "This wasn't meant to happen. That was all before. I wasn't going to-"

The black Mercedes coming down the drive cuts him off.

Not needing to think about his course of action, Marco walks back to his bike, leaving his helmet on the ground. As Bob steps out of the Mercedes, he looks back and forth between us. With Marco's nose broken and my eye already swelling shut, Bob's body turns rigid as he roars, "What the f**k is going on here?"

Marco watches me for a second more. With deep regret in his eyes, the bike roars to life, turns around, and then speeds away.

Away.

Far away.

I hear Bob kneel by my side. I don't dare look at him. The backs of his knuckles brush my swelling eye gently. "Cat, what happened?"

Chest heaving, I realise I have no choice. I look up at my adoptive father. I swallow hard, preparing to tell him the dreadful news. News that f**ks us all. "Marco's a cop."

Chapter Two

It's James all over again.

Cat, the f**ked-up orphan, screws up a second time.

There's a theme happening here.

As I stand in the middle of Bob's office, I watch as he paces for a second. Suddenly, I want to turn my back, take my shit and leave. Leave for good.

My once easy existence has become a hard living. I felt like a failure when it happened the first time. Now that it's happened a second time, I'm convinced that Bob was wrong about me. When you make the same mistake twice, it's no longer a mistake. It's a choice.

Sure, James wasn't a cop, but the fact remains that I was wrong about him. As I was wrong about Marco.

If this were my destiny, why the f**k is God making it so hard for me to stay on this path?

Is this all a test?

If so, how can I possibly pass? I feel as though I'm destined for failure, if my track record is anything to go by.

Bob unbuttons his black shirt and pulls it from his pants. It hangs loosely, leaving his tank-covered torso out in the open. He mutters while he crosses the room, back and forth, in quick strides, "Trouble. I knew he was gonna be trouble."

My gut sinks. Standing with my head bowed, I mumble, "I'm sorry, Father."

He pauses mid-step, raises his arm and points at me, hard. "Don't. Don't you dare." He walks over to me and places his hands on my shoulders gently. "This is not your fault, Catarina." He sighs, "This is my fault."

I lift my head so quickly, I get a twinge in my neck. "No, it's not." He shakes his head. I continue, "So you didn't find anything on him when you recruited him. It's an easy mistake to make. Especially if they set him up as the perfect candidate. Maybe they're watchin-"

Bob closes his eyes tight and pinches the bridge of his nose. The reality comes crashing down.

I slump on the spot and whisper, "They're watching you."

He gives me no answer. That being my answer.

My heart rate increases. My breathing heavies. My palms begin to sweat. Panic washes over me. I croak, "We're all screwed, aren't we?" It's my turn to pace. I bite my thumbnail and shoot out rapidly, "Oh, my God. We're going to jail. All of us are going to jail." I pause mid-step. "I can't go to jail, Bob. I'll kill in there. I'll never get out." My voice rises, "We have to warn the team. I'll-"

Bob murmurs, "I knew."

He says this so softly, I force myself to calm for the moment and look at him. Sitting on the edge of his desk, he runs a hand through his salt-and-pepper locks. His brown eyes rise to look into mine. "I knew Marco was a cop."

My mind refuses to comprehend what I've just been told. As I stand in front of him, the word 'no' is repeated like a mental mantra. I don't believe him. I narrow my eyes at him. "No, you didn't."

He nods. "I did."

"No. You did not."

"I did, Cat."

My anger spikes. My heart races. I feel it thudding like a drum at my chest. Blood rushes through my ears. I've lost what little cool I had. I screech, "You did not!" He nods but I can't accept that. "You didn't. I don't believe you. You wouldn't do that to us."

He refuses to raise his head, and in that moment, I know it's all true.

Bob has never been a coward. Not ever.

I remember looking up at him when I was a little girl. He would take my hand in a firm hold, look down at me and smile. A confident smile. A smile that told me if anyone ever tried to harm me, he'd kill them.

I don't understand.

Stepping in front of him, I ask a hushed, "Why? How could you?"

Lips tight, he answers clinically, "He was a loose cannon. I knew he'd come around to what we're doing here. He just needed more time to bond-"

Oh, my God.

I step away from him as I realise the extent of Father Robert's cunning. I lift a shaking hand to my mouth. My voice trembles, "You pushed us together." He looks up at me, through me. "You told him to stay away from me knowing he wouldn't be able to resist."

Bob's face turns cold. Void. Empty.

He turns his lifeless eyes to me and spits, "I did what I had to."

He stands and his posture is so menacing, my heart skips a beat. For the first time in my life, I worry that Bob may actually hurt me.

This is not a drill.

He takes a step towards me, glaring all the while. "You think you have the right to judge me?" Another step. "Everything I do, I do for this organisation. For Mirage." He takes one more step. This one forces me back. "If you think for one second that I don't know what I'm doing," he sneers, "think again, little girl."

I blink up at my father figure turned bully. I'm in shock, and to someone like me, shock doesn't come easily. Disbelief courses through me. The bridge of my nose tingles as tears blur my vision. As one tear breaks free, trailing my cheek, I whisper shakily, "I gave him my virginity."

The ice moulding Bob's expression begins to crack and break away. His eyes apologetic, he murmurs, "Oh, sweetie-"

I swipe furiously at my face and sniff. Something deep inside of me refuses to believe Bob would do something so callous, especially to me. I try to think, be emotionless. What would I have done?

Finding courage and dignity, I steel my voice and jerk a nod. "If you say you know what you're doing, I trust you. You're right. You've never given me reason to doubt you before; I'm not going to start now. If my virginity was a cost to keep us safe-" I start to walk away. When my back is to him, I firm my voice, "Then so be it."

I exit the office knowing Bob and I have another skeleton to add to our closet full of bones.

***

I find myself staring into Marco's room. I have no idea why I'm here. I just know that it feels like the place I need to be right now. Although I want to step inside, an invisible force field stops me from going in. Standing outside looking in, my jaw tics. Everything that happened in this room was a lie. A setup. But as I look over at the still rumpled bed, I remind myself that although our time was short and manipulated, it was good.

I take a leaf from Clark's book and tell myself, 'It is what it is'. I can't turn back time, and quite frankly, I'm not sure I'd want to. All I can do at this point is accept it so I can move on. But the gripping pain in my chest does not comply. I close my eyes, inhale and exhale slowly, fighting my emotions, urging it down to a dull ache.

In a way, I'm glad Marco was my first. There was no attachment.

Lies.

No emotion.

More lies.

No wanting more.

Lies, lies, lies.

I hate the fact that I was manipulated. Bob, whether I knew it or not, made Marco the irresistible bad boy by telling him to leave me be, in my presence, no less. I may be sheltered, but I've read my fair share of romance novels. I know that as soon as a girl's father-slash-older-brother-slash-boyfriend tells a guy to stay away from that girl, she wants him on a subconscious level.

Fuck you, Bob. Fuck you very much.

On top of that, I hate that I now have a secret from the team. I don't feel good about this. Not at all.

It will come out.

Truth will out.

God help me when it does.

My stomach feels twisted in knots. I worry about Marco. I worry about Bob. I worry about saying something I shouldn't.

Fuck this.

My feet move of their own accord, knowing I need distance. I walk out of Marco's room, upstairs and into the barn. I key in my code and enter. The keys dangling from the wall call my name. I start up the Kompressor and press the button to open the double doors. As I move to press my foot down on the accelerator, Bob seems to come out of nowhere. He steps up to the passenger's side, brows drawn. I hear his muffled, "Where are you going, Cat?"

I feel an onslaught of oppressed teenage rebellion rear its head as I stare straight ahead and respond, "Out."

My foot descends and like a flash, I speed down the gravel drive and out of the grounds. As I look in the rear-view mirror, the church in encased in a cloud of dust. The second I hit the main road, I let out a breath I hadn't known I was holding.

Immediately, I breathe easier.

Chapter Three

The library seems like a fitting place to go to think. It's always been an escape for me in the past; only today, every book I open, try to look at, I don't really see at all. The words mash and blur together as my pulse throbs a staccato drumbeat through my temples.

I'm angry at Bob. No. I'm furious. So when I see Tomas stride into the library, head down, hand up by his face, fingers extended awkwardly, it forces me to calm myself and focus on him.

It only takes me a second for the hairs on the back of my neck to stand.

Something's wrong.

I've known Tomas for a long while now and I have never seen him act in the way he is acting today. If I didn't know any better, I would say he was hiding from someone.

I watch him from afar, gauging what could be happening here, when a man comes in looking dishevelled and anxious. Worry radiates off him as he frantically searches the library. I look from the man to Tomas. When Tomas sinks down between two shelves, my protective instinct takes over.

Standing slowly, trying not bring attention to myself, I calmly walk over to the shelf in front of the one Tomas is in. Having left the church in a hurry, I am still wearing my sweats from the night before. Luckily, I blend in like a piece of furniture.

The man mutters, "Fuck," and continues to search.

I kneel and peer into the row Tomas is in. His frantic rocking hurts my heart. "Tomas? What's wrong?"

He rocks harder. He grits his teeth; his face turns red and I quickly realise he's now holding his breath.

I whisper frantically, "Please don't do that. I can't help you if you don't respond. Who is that man?"

An animalistic warbling cry comes out of Tomas, so loudly, I know he's given himself up. I hear pounding footsteps and stand in time to see the man reach his row.

Pretending to read, I listen in and watch through my peripheral vision.

The man has to be in his early thirties. He has a three-day beard growth, too-long-to-call-short brown hair and he could use some food in him. He's not thin exactly; he just looks a little weak somehow.

When he sees Tomas, he sighs in relief, "Thank God." He approaches him, scratching at his chin and utters angrily, "You can't run off like that. I had no idea where you went. I had to ask everyone I saw." He repeats himself firmly to stress the point, "You can't do that."

Tomas continues to rock.

I can't see enough from my position. I decide to chance it and look up.

The man watches Tomas through sad eyes and steels his jaw. If anything, he looks helpless. "C'mon, we have to go."

Tomas rocks faster.

The man steps forward. "I'm not kidding."

Tomas begins to rock the opposite way, into the shelves. The shelf I stand at wobbles and sways.

My heart races. This man will take Tomas over my dead body. He's clearly distressed and doesn't want to go.

Fuck Bob and his rules. If I need to, I'll bring him home with me. Anything to keep him safe.

When the man clenches his hands into fists and breathes heavily through his nose, I realise he's close to losing it. Leaning forward, he watches Tomas and sneers, "Get the f**k up, Tomas. I'm not putting up with your bullshit. I'm in charge here. Let's go."

My stance defensive, I watch them like a hawk in the trees.

The man grips Tomas by the upper arm and pulls him to stand. Not giving Tomas a second to balance, he starts dragging him unceremoniously across the library.

Enough is enough. I run across to them, take the man's hand and throw it off Tomas. My lip curls as I face the ass**le. "Don't you ever touch him like that. Not ever."

Mrs Fontaine watches me closely. "Cat?"

Without taking my eyes off the man, I answer, "Get ready to call the police." I'm bluffing. I wouldn't do that. Bob would kick my ass.

The man blanches a second, and then spits, "Who the f**k are you? What business is this of yours?"

I look at him a moment, taking him in. Bloodshot, hooded hazel eyes. Pale faced. Sunken cheeks. Dry, cracked lips. Irrational annoyance.

This guy is high. In fact, he's likely a junkie.

He moves to reach for Tomas, but I block him, pulling Tomas behind me.

The man glares at me and tries again. This time I block him with a sharp elbow to the chest. He wheezes and slumps trying to catch his breath.

When he does, he stands and pants, "Lady, seriously. Get your f**king hands off my brother."

My heart stops altogether. Oh, f**k no.

***

"It's not my place to interfere," Bob gently explains.

I'm momentarily dumbstruck. I repeat slowly, "Not your place to interfere?" My wide eyes bore into him from across his office. I bellow, outraged, "Bullshit! That's a goddamn lie and you know it!"

He doesn't answer, but I see his jaw tighten as he grits his teeth.

That doesn't stop me though. "All we do is interfere! We kill people. We take lives. We have a God complex for Christ's sake. People do bad things and we make sure the people suffering don't suffer any longer than they can handle. Don't f**king tell me you can't do anything. It's not that you can't; it's that you won't."

Bob turns his face up to look into my eyes. "It's not my place."

The fight in me takes flight. Now I'm the helpless one. My throat thickens with emotion. "You weren't there. You didn't see him. He was scared, Bob." My eyes fill with traitorous tears. "He was panicked and scared. He didn't want to go with him."

He utters gently, "That's his brother, Cat. His guardian."

I'm angry again.

Well, that didn't take long.

"The guy is a junkie and he put his hands on Tomas!"

His eyes narrow. "You saw this. You actually saw it."

I say the words I know he needs to hear to believe me. "I swear on Jesus Christ."

Bob thinks for a minute, and then runs his hands down his face warily. "Damn. The things I do." He straightens and feigns boredom. "All right. I can't promise anything but I'll look into it."

My legs carry me across the room quicker than I thought possible. Bob stands and I throw myself into his arms, squeezing him tightly. "That's all I ask." I hold him for a solid minute. As I let go and make my leave, I mutter, "God bless you, Father Robert. You're a good man."

I force myself to say those words. I have to believe it.

I have to.

Chapter Four

I find myself sitting on Marco's bed for the second time in as many days. I've been avoiding the team, for good reason. I hate lying to them. I was never a great liar, at least not when it came to anything that mattered.

I can't help but wonder what Marco has told the police about us. More often, I wonder when they'll come for us, and why they haven't already.

I'm on edge all the time. My heart endlessly constricted, I feel tension in places I've never been tense before. My shoulders are stiff; a ceaseless headache pains me till I feel stomach sick.

In short, life sucks right now.

Dressed in my modest long skirt and white shirt, I stand from the bed and move over to the dresser mirror to adjust my veil. Just as I make my exit, I careen into Clark. His hands come around me, holding me up. My hands grip the front of his shirt.

"Sorry," I say through a cringe.

Busted.

Face void, he pulls away from me swiftly, as though my touch burns him. He avoids my gaze, tension apparent. I immediately become worried about my friend.

Something is wrong.

Reaching up, I place my hand on forearm. "Clark? Are you okay?"

Jaw firm, he answers tightly, "Fine."

I fight not to roll my eyes. "You don't seem fine." I ask quietly, "Is it Michelle?"

Tension comes off him in waves. "Leave it."

Undeterred, I step closer. "You know, we can talk about this. That's what friends do."

He barks a sharp, humourless laugh, and then looks down at me through cold blue eyes. "Really? We're friends? We can talk?"

My brows bunch in confusion. "Of course we're friends."

He scratches at his chin in a cocky move that is so out of character for Clark, my haunches rise.

Something is very wrong here.

He steps closer to me, jaw set. "We were friends for a long time, weren't we? We cared about each other. You were everything to me, you know that?" His chest heaves and his hands form into tight fists. "But then something happened, see?" He leans down, eyes searching my face. He runs a finger gently down the side of my cheek. "Friends don't f**k a guy they barely know minutes after a good friend confesses their love for them."

My gut coils. A burning flush rises up from my neck, heating my cheeks. I whisper, "What?"

Clark smiles a cruel smile I have never seen him wear. Ever. And it terrifies me. "Oh, yeah. I know, Cat."

Shame turns my body cold. I mouth, "How?"

Finger on my cheek, he leans closer into me and runs his nose up the side of my face.

I feel like caged animal. Trapped. Backed into a corner. Uncomfortable.

His breath warms my face. His lips touch the shell of my ear and what he says next makes me die a little inside.

His breathing heavies as he softly mews, "Marco. Yes. Fuck, yes. Oh, Marco. Fuck me harder."

He imitates me so perfectly, including the soft hitches in breath, that I know he's telling the truth.

He heard me.

My stomach recoils violently.

Oh, God. What have I done?

My eyes fill with tears. I choke out, "You weren't meant to hear that."

Pulling away an inch, he looks into my eyes. "I know." He pauses. "But I did."

A tear trails my cheek. My lips quiver. I'm so ashamed of myself. I feel dirty. Without knowing it, I've hurt one of my best friends. I feel like an ass**le. Like scum. I shrug softly. I open my mouth to explain, but nothing comes out. Instead, I whisper, "I'm so sorry, Clark. You weren't ever meant to know."

He nods, his face sympathetic. He then leans closer and sighs, "I know. I know I wasn't." He leans a little closer and says, "You know what would've helped?" I look up at him as my tears fall freely. His face contorts, his lips curl, and my body jolts as he punches the wall by the side of my head. Leaning closer, a hair's breadth away from me, he roars in my face, "Not f**king the guy I work with in the room next door to mine!"

I'm so stunned by this uncharacteristic outburst, I forget that I can take him down in a second flat. That I could kill him in two. I watch him unblinkingly through wide eyes and wonder if this is entirely my fault.

He leans back a little, face red, trying to steady his breathing. His hand comes up to my face and he brushes back a stray lock of my hair. "I suppose it doesn't matter." His cold eyes meet mine. "The entire time you were with him, I was with her. And every time you called his name, I f**ked her harder."

Ouch.

"You should've heard her moaning my name." He smirks viciously. "Oh, but you wouldn't have, would you? God knows you were singing loud enough for the man upstairs to hear you himself." His face turns serious. "Tell me, Cat? Do you think God knows just how much of a f**king whore you are?

My hand darts out before I can stop myself. I slap him so hard his face jerks to the side.

Face twisted, his hand surges to my neck, gripping tightly.

This is a blatant insult. In my teenage years, I told Clark about my being uncomfortable with people touching my neck. He's doing this on purpose. He's trying to force a reaction.

He pushes me back into the wall hard enough to show me how angry he is, but not enough to actually hurt me. The threat has me reeling though. Through gritted teeth, he hisses, "I f**ked her but I was thinking of you." My eyes close. My body shakes in silent sobs. He adds, "If I'd known how much you'd wanted it, how freely you were giving it away, I'd have never asked. I'd have just taken it from you."

A stabbing pain violently rips into my chest, right through my heart, over and over again. I'm too hurt to react. I can only feel.

He pushes lightly at my neck for a moment before letting go, turning and walking away. He stops at the end of the hall, turns and calls out, "You know, it's such a nice day today. It seems like the perfect day to soak up some sun or even," he shrugs carelessly, "do some gardening."

The hairs on the back of my neck stand.

Clark walks away whistling as if what just occurred, had never actually happened at all.

My feet carry me away. I wipe away stray tears. As I reach the door leading outside, I hesitate. Taking a breath, I open the door, walk out and make my way towards the church. I pause mid-step.

No.

My garden.

No.

It's ruined. Every last thing has been pulled up. Vegetables and herbs lay strewn around the dirt patch that was once a bountiful wonder.

Before I have a second to register what has happened, I hear muffled arguing coming from the kitchen. The back door bursts open and Bob strides out looking murderous. Frankie follows closely behind. "Bob, stop! You don't even know what it was about!"

He comes toward me at a pace so quick, I back up.

When he reaches me, his chest heaves. He places his fingertips at my collarbone and asks gently, "Are you okay?"

My brows narrow in confusion. "Um. Yes. Why?" The answer hits me as quick as the question was asked, and my stomach dips.

Surveillance.

Bob and Frankie must've seen the whole scene with Clark.

Bob's face turns hard, his body turns rigid and his jaw steels. "Good. Excuse me."

He walks out to the barn. I turn to Frankie and watch as her face pales.

Oh, f**k.

Snapping out of my lapse in consciousness, I quickly start after him. "Bob, wait!"

Frankie follows me, calling out to Bob, "Don't do anything you'll regret!"

The door by the barn closes, and as I reach it, I struggle to key in my code. "C'mon!" Finally, the door clicks and whirs and we're in. I growl as I approach the second security door. As soon as it opens, I hear commotion.

"Bob, what the f**k?" This comes from Clark.

Squealing and screeching of tables and chairs being knocked around sounds loudly. Frankie and I reach the rails of the top floor and look down in time to catch the first blow, both watching wide-eyed.

Bob sneers, rears his arm back and throws his fist into Clark's stomach. "You f**ked up, boy." He travels two steps to where Clark wheezes, his face a mask of shock. Bob lifts his leg and brings down his heel onto Clark's knee. Clark howls out in agony.

Bob kicks him in the stomach. "You like putting your hands on women, Clark? How does it feel? Tell me how it feels."

Clark wheezes, and then heaves. "I'm sorry."

Bob shakes his head. "No, you're not. But you will be."

He reaches down and lifts Clark by his shirt. Once he's standing, Bob head-butts him right in the nose. Clark goes down. Again.

He stays down.

Clark's nose pours with blood and I know it's broken. Bob looks down at him, face filled with contempt. "You ever put your hands on Cat again and I will kill you. I haven't made a kill in ten years, Clark, but for you, I'll make a f**king exception." Clark attempts to sit up. Bob glares down at him. "You get me?"

Clark doesn't respond. He simply nods.

Bob turns to leave. As he walks up the stairs, he calls out, "You owe Cat an apology."

He leaves us to deal with the mess. I'm not sure what's in a worse state, the office or Clark.

Chapter Five

I'm not sure what happened this morning with Clark. I only know that I would like it to never happen again.

I work tirelessly to replant what I can of the vegetables that Clark ripped up from my garden. I'm in such a state of panic about them dying that I'm not even humiliated by the fact that my eyes water.

A moment of clarity passes; I have an epiphany.

Regardless of how hard I work to put this garden together, to make it flourish and bloom, to care for it and nurture it, all it took was a man with a temper to destroy months of hard work.

I'm sure this is the way my victims see me.

No matter how hard they have worked to put a life together, to make a family, to provide and support them, all it takes is an email to Mirage and an entire life is destroyed. Normally not just one. A handful of lives.

In a moment of weakness, guilt swarms me. I've always thought of the person I'm hunting, never the families who are left behind.

I blink, scoff, and then roll my eyes. Such deep thoughts being raised because someone ripped up my tomato plants. I need to get out more. Really.

"I'm sorry," comes from behind me.

My shoulders hunch in a defensive stance. A moment passes before my posture loosens slightly. Standing, I remove my gardening gloves and make my way to the bench where Clark now sits.

He looks like shit.

Ha ha.

I secretly gloat about it.

With both eyes swollen, his nose crooked and his jaw bruised, I take pleasure in knowing he got what he deserved.

It doesn't matter what I did; I didn't deserve his hands on me. I didn't deserve the nasty things he said to me. He said things that made me question myself, and that hurt. In fact, I should be given props that I didn't raise my own hands to him because in all seriousness, I could've hurt him. Badly.

I sit on the bench with a sigh. "You should be."

He looks down at the ground and responds pitifully, "I am. I really am. I was an ass**le." He turns to me, his face a mask of confusion. "Why didn't you hit me?"

Whoa. That's a loaded question.

I turn away from him and look to my destroyed garden. The bridge of my nose tingles. I blink back tears, clear the thickness out of my throat and reply a hushed, "Because the thought of hurting you kills me."

In my peripheral vision, Clark crumbles. His voice shakes, "I'm sorry, Cat. So f**king sorry. I didn't mean anything I said. It was all lies. I just wanted you to hurt as much as I was hurting."

We sit in silence, unsure what to say to each other.

I try to let him know that I understand in a weird way. "I get it, sort of. Like when what happened with James happened and Bob banned me from Mirage. I wished you'd come see me." I whisper, "I prayed you'd come see me and take me away for a while." I swallow hard. "I knew Bob was keeping you from me. I knew it was his order. I know he kept you out of my sight because he was protecting me and you had to abide by it until he said otherwise," I turn to face him, "but it hurt. And for a while, I hated you for it. Even though you didn't have a say in the matter."

Silence. Then he speaks softly, "I wanted to come for you. So many times, I thought about rescuing you from here. Taking you away, somewhere you could just be you, but I couldn't. No matter how many times I told myself you deserved a better life, I knew this is what you know. All you know. That and Bob would've killed me. He ordered us out of sight. If you were in the garden, we weren't allowed out of Mirage. And sometimes you were there for hours. We just had to wait it out. The second you were initiated, the ban was lifted and I thought I finally had my chance with you." He sighs, "Why him? It could've been anyone. Anyone at all." He quiets a moment, and then asks a pain-laced, "Why him, Cat?"

My reply doesn't sound as stupid in my head. "Because of the zing."

Clark nods feigning understanding, then chuckles, "I have no idea what that is."

I try to hide my smile but I'm so relieved that Clark and I are talking that I do a really bad job of it. "Don't make fun of me. It's a thing. A real thing." He looks at me through swollen, black eyes expectantly. I sigh, "You know when you kiss someone, and it's more than words can describe? You feel so at home with them and just feel so much, as one, that you can't quite comprehend what's happening to you?"

Clark stiffens. "Yeah. Kind of like how I felt when we kissed."

Oh, man. That sucks.

A wkward.

I cringe and whisper, "I'm sorry."

He shakes his head. "Don't be. How can I blame you for feeling something for someone who isn't me? That's not cool." He sighs, "I really f**ked up this morning. I've never been so angry before. Soon as I heard you in his room, something came over me. This anger, and it just kept brewing, you know? By this morning, I'd worked myself up about it so much that I guess I snapped." He stands. "You don't owe me an explanation, Cat. I'm sorry I asked for one. You don't owe me anything."

I watch as he walks away, but deep in my gut, I know this issue is far from over.

Ugh. Men.

***

With my arms elbow deep in bread dough, the kitchen echoes with mixed laughter.

Ari sips her coffee, chuckling, "Mon Dieu! You should have seen his face. I dressed in my habit wearing my Marilyn Monroe mask. I lifted my hand, lit the match and dropped it into the accelerant. I started to walk away, but I wanted to see his face." Her French accent kicks ass. "He looked at me and asked, 'why?'. I shrugged and answered, 'why not?'. The entire building was alight in minutes. I finally left and the explosions sounded like fireworks." She sighs then smiles, "It was fun."

The makeshift drug lab the next town over had been producing unclean product, so many people in the tri-county area have ended up dead from this supplier. Bob ordered the building be destroyed. If they don't have a building, they don't have the means to make the crack. They don't produce the crack, no one gets sick.

Everyone wins.

I frown. "I don't understand why we didn't do it months ago when people started getting sick."

Frankie bites into her apple, chewing slowly. She answers a garbled, "Because it wasn't ordered. We don't get to touch anyone without an order. Without order, there's chaos. Remember that."

I nod. I get it. I just wonder how far is going too far. If we start dictating who lives and dies, what does that make us?

Ari looks to Frankie cautiously. "Do we have any information on Tomas and his brother?"

Frankie stiffens. Her gaze flickers towards me. "Uh, yeah. We found something."

I'm immediately interested. "What is it?"

Frankie takes another bite of her apple, chewing slowly. Too slowly.

I glare at her, and then snap, "I know what you're doing! Just tell me, dammit!"

She rolls her eyes. "Okay, okay. Relax. The brother recently got out of prison for armed robbery."

I knew it! He's an ex-con junkie ass**le. Great.

Frankie puts a hand up in my direction. "Whoa, whoa, whoa. Don't go jumping the gun. You need to hear the rest." I nod for her to continue and she does, "Soon as he got out, he fought to get custody of Tomas. The state wouldn't allow full custody until he took courses in first aid and anger management. They allowed partial custody though. He didn't show up the first day of the anger management course..." deadbeat, "...so an officer went to their home to find the brother caring for Tomas who was ill with a high temperature. The officer reported that the brother was equal amounts protective and panicked, but through his panic, he calmed himself and did a good job taking care of his brother. He was pardoned from the course, but took the next entry regardless. He completed both courses and has full custody of his brother. Every social services visit he is reported as improving."

I can't believe that.

If I believe that, it means I was wrong. And I hate being wrong.

Frankie smiles sadly. "I don't know what you saw, Cat, but the guy is trying. He's trying really hard. Until such time that we have anything solid on him, we won't touch him."

I bite the inside of my cheek and sigh, "Yeah, okay. But don't think for a second that I'm letting this go."

Ari chuckles while shaking her head.

Frankie grins then throws her apple core at me. "Oh, don't worry. I wasn't that hopeful."

I smirk. She knows me too well.

Chapter Six

The rain pours outside of my window. I should've been asleep hours ago, but thoughts of Marco have me wide awake.

Thoughts of the few nights I slept in Marco's bed run through my mind. Some part of me wants to believe that it was real, or that even if it wasn't, those moments that made my stomach flutter were real.

"I was jealous."

My stomach clenches at the fact that I'd been had. Perhaps the years Bob took, forbid me from Mirage, were in vain. All that extra training, all the late night sparring sessions and psychology lessons... Maybe I haven't learned a damn thing since James.

It's well past midnight. I need sleep. I'm cranky when I don't get sleep, not to mention, useless. Trying in vain to relax enough to make the transition into slumber, I shift around, get comfortable and bury myself deeper into my cot mattress. I close my eyes, breathe deeply and finally feel my head heavy.

As soon as I'm about to fall asleep, a loud banging has me jerking upright. Again, the banging continues. I get up out of bed and open the door to my room. Bob strides passed me dressed in only pyjama pants. He carries his robe with him, dressing along the way.

Frankie exits Bob's quarters dressed in only a white nightie. Now that she and Bob are basically a thing, she doesn't spend her nights at Mirage anymore. She stops by my door. "What the f**king f**k?"

"My thoughts exactly." I peer over at her. "Let's check it out."

She sighs, "Bob would be pissed."

I agree, "Totally."

Say yes. Say yes. Say yes.

She nods, "Let's go."

Yes!

Frankie loops her arm through mine and we quietly follow the muted noise down to the front entrance of the church. A few feet behind, we stop and listen.

Bob utters, "I'm sorry. That's not possible."

A man responds, "I need help, man. Where the f**k am I meant to go?"

Bob sighs, "A clinic. There's one two towns over."

The man's voice rises, "I got responsibilities! I can't leave everything behind and take off like that. Besides, I can't afford it." He pauses, but when Bob doesn't respond, he pushes forward, "I asked everyone I know in town. They all told me to come here."

Frankie and I peek out into the moonlit foyer. Bob blocks the doorway so we can't see out.

When Bob doesn't respond, the man speaks again, but this time, his voice quivers. And my heart aches. "Please, Father. Please. I'm begging you." Then he whispers, "I need your help."

Bob breathes deeply, and then replies on an exhale, "This won't be easy. You know that, right?"

"I can take it." The man's confidence has returned with the small amount of hope Bob has offered. "Whatever you tell me to do, I'll do."

Frankie and I watch as Bob pushes the door open. "Cat, come here, please."

My mouth near gaping at our guests, I step out of the shadows and walk forward. Bob moves out of the way and explains, "Tomas and Xavier will be staying here a while."

Xavier.

Tomas's brother's name is Xavier.

I look at them, soaked to the bone from the rain, looking pitiful and shaking from the cold.

Not thinking, I step forward to Tomas and reach for him.

Panic settles over Xavier's face. His arm snakes out, stopping me. He rushes out, "He doesn't like being touched. Especially not-"

I cut him off by reaching past him to gently take Tomas's elbow, "Not around the shoulders or neck. I know. We have that in common." Tomas allows my touch and much to my surprise, his rigid arm circles my neck. He pulls me in a little too tightly, but I accept his hug with an overwhelming rush of emotions. I utter a hushed, "It's nice to see you, too, Tomas. Why don't I find something dry for you to wear and we'll set you up in your own room?"

Xavier watches me with a mixture of curiosity and disbelief.

He almost looks hurt, which surprises me.

Bob calls out, "Sister Francis, I could use your help here."

Tomas loosens his hold on me. Smiling, I take his contorted hand and walk him down the hall to the spare bedroom. As we walk, I tell him, "I was thinking about you today. I think maybe God brought you here. I was worried about you. I prayed for you. Every night."

He doesn't respond, but I know he's listening.

"Why don't we go to the library tomorrow? We can ask Mrs Fontaine if we can borrow some books to bring here. I can read to you if you like?"

We reach the spare room and I open the door. I turn on the light and turn down the bed. "Stay here, okay? I just need to get you something dry to wear to bed."

I quickly grab a few items of Bob's clothes that will swim on Tomas, but it's the best I can do right now. When I enter the bedroom, I pause mid-step. Tomas is in bed, fast asleep, shoes on and all.

I smile and move closer to him. I take the blanket and cover him with it. I creep away as quietly as I can, turn off the light and pull the door closed, leaving only an inch open.

As I walk away, I find Bob yawning in the hall. I open my mouth to ask him one of the million questions I have, but he raises a hand pleadingly. "We'll talk about it tomorrow, girl."

By the state of exhaustion he's in, I let it slide with a simple nod.

Bob walks by me, grips the back of my neck and leans forward to kiss my forehead. "'Night."

"Goodnight, Bob." I make my way to my room and for the first night since he left, I don't think about Marco. I fall asleep soundly and sweetly knowing that one of my prayers has been answered.

***

An animalistic howl awakens me.

"Oh, God! Fuck! Oh. Oh." Heavy breathing is followed by retching. "Please let me out of here! Please! I changed my mind. I don't need to be here. Let me out." Banging and groaning echoes around the house. Then an angry, "I don't want your f**king help. You motherfucking cunts! Let me out!" Begging soon follows, "Please let me out. Please let me out. I can control it. I don't need your help. I'm sorry. Let me out."

My heartbeat pulses through my temples.

Calming myself slightly, I slide out of bed and open my bedroom door. Frankie stands there, about to knock on my door, looking worried.

Another howl. This time longer and guttural.

Frankie closes her eyes and cringes. "You were right. He's a junkie."

My eyes widen. I blink, and then hiss, "I knew it!"

The gagging and retching continue.

Frankie leans on the doorjamb and rolls her eyes. "Don't gloat or anything."

I point a finger at her chest. "You have no idea how much I prayed that I was wrong. But I knew. I f**king knew it." My lip curls. "Fucking ass**le."

Frankie looks at me, disappointment in her eyes. "He's trying to get help, Cat. That's why he's here. That's why he dragged his brother, a brother he loves, out in the middle of the night in the pouring rain. Because he knew he couldn't do it alone." She pauses, allowing that to sink in. "He's trying."

There is no try. There is only do.

Even as I think that, guilt turns my stomach into a tumbling, turning mess. I sigh, "I know. I do. I know he's trying, but I think about Tomas..."

She finished my sentence for me, "And you get all stabby."

I snort a laugh. "Kind of." I sober quickly. "The thought of anyone hurting him makes me want to gut someone."

Frankie reaches out to rub my shoulder. "Rest assured, sweet Cat. As long as we're around, no one will ever lay a hand to him. Never. Not ever."

The knot in my stomach loosens. I take in what she just said. She's right.

No one will ever hurt Tomas.

They wouldn't dare.

If they do, I'll kill them.

Chapter Seven

"Where is Marco?"

I turn to the entrance of the kitchen to see Clark standing there, glowering at me. I shrug, feigning casual indifference. "I don't know. You should ask Bob."

He slowly steps into the kitchen, not taking his eyes off me. "I'm asking you."

"Sorry. Can't help you there."

Silence follows before he says, "You're lying."

My back turns rigid. I stiffen. Turning, I glare at him. "You better be damn sure before you throw around accusations like that."

Clark's face softens a little. "Sorry. I just think you know more than you're telling me."

I'm not lying.

Not technically.

I tell him in complete honesty, "I don't know where Marco is, Clark."

He nods. "Okay." He steps back. "Whatever you say."

He leaves me in the kitchen, hands shaking, heart racing. Good question, Clark. One I'd like to know myself.

Where the hell is Marco?

***

"Sister Arianne?" I ask as I knock on the chapel doorframe.

"Oui, ma cherie. Entrer."

Hands folded demurely in front of me, I enter, the picture of humbleness. I watch Ari, dressed in her habit, kneeling by an older lady, praying with her.

I make the sign of the cross as I approach the large statue of a crucified Jesus, and then whisper, "I'm sorry to disturb you. I wonder if I may have a moment, please."

She smiles at my manners. "Of course." She stands and follows me outside, closing the door behind her.

I step closer to her and hand her a white envelope. Her face hardens slightly as she tucks the envelope into her habit. I don't need to say anything more. I walk away in complete silence. A small smile spreads across my face.

Tonight, we play.

***

Mirage has a way of making you feel powerful. The presence in this building is astounding. It oozes confidence and cockiness. When I stand in the middle of the first floor watching the people around me take charge and do what's necessary to get a target hunted, it makes my skin itch in the most delicious way.

The air buzzes and hums.

I'm in the zone.

Tonight's target is not someone I know. This is because tonight, we have to head four towns over. Because of this, we are getting ready extra early. It's not even dark out.

Bob hands us all our target sheets and we all read in silence. The air hums harder, as if there is static in the air.

We don't like what we're reading.

I know it's highly inappropriate, but I'm excited about tonight's job. The reason being is that tonight, we're all heading out as a team. I try to view this as a family outing. Trust me. I know how f**ked up that sounds. But it's so rare an occasion that I feel I have to view it as a glass half-full situation.

All dressed in black from head to toe, we head out. Along the way, I scoop up my hair and tie it in a high ponytail. At my ear, I hear, "You okay with this?"

I turn to Clark, brow bunched. "Why wouldn't I be?"

He shrugs and tries to mask his shame. I see right through him. "I didn't know if we were okay or if we just said we were okay, you know? I know it's hard to work with people you don't trust."

I stop in the middle of the hall, blocking his way. "Do you trust me?"

He nods a while before he answers, "Yes."

I jerk a quick nod. "Good. Because I never stopped trusting you, Clark. We're good." I start to walk away, leaving him in the hall. "But if you ever put your hands on me again," I growl, "I will f**king kill you."

We all meet in the barn by the cars. Clark and Bob remove the covers, and just as we're about to enter the two Mercedes Kompressors, Bob stops us with, "We need to have a quick word before we go."

Everyone stills. Everything stills.

Even the air.

Bob clears his throat. "I had contact with Marco today." The hairs on the back of my neck stand. What the hell? "I have some bad news. Marco can no longer work here. I can't go into the reasons for this, but know that he didn't want to leave. Something forced his hand."

Yeah. Cops can't also be criminals.

Who'd have thunk it?

Bob continues, "It'll take me a while to recruit someone else, so for the time being, Frankie is being transferred to a Mirage desk and won't be taking on any jobs. Tonight will be her last night for a long while, I think."

Stunned, I turn to my best friend. She smiles sadly and takes hold of my hand. She's not happy about this. My heart sinks. I feel for her.

What we do, fighting for justice? It's freeing. To think of someone taking that away from me... I would probably go rogue.

Clark appears by my side, placing a hand on my shoulder in consolation. "I'm sorry, Cat."

I shrug his hand off. "Don't be. We weren't a thing anyway."

I ignore Frankie's curious stare and get in the car with her. The other three get into the other Mercedes and we're set to go.

After driving a short while, Frankie asks cautiously, "You wanna tell me what that was about?"

I reply a clipped, "Not particularly."

Holding her earpiece to her ear, she mutters, "Moon Shadow offline. Night Fury offline. Give us a minute, guys."

She turns off her radio device and sighing, I do, too. "You don't need to make a big deal about it, Francis."

Her brows shoot up. "Francis? Oh, ouch, Cat. Just...ouch."

I try my hardest to not smile, but it's hard with Frankie. It's damn near impossible.

She spots my grin and chuckles, "There she is! Seriously, I've been worried about you. I haven't seen you laugh in about a week. What's going on? Give me the short version. I can't be bothered listening to you whine."

I groan whilst snickering. "God, you're such a bitch."

She laughs. "I'm joking! I'm always joking. You know that."

I do know that. That's why I love her.

Taking a deep breath, I stall a minute before I start telling her what I've been putting off. "So you know Clark's birthday night?"

She grunts, "Oh, hell yes. Talk about awkward. In my defence, if I had known he was bringing a date, I never would have told you he was in love with you."

"I know. But regardless, it still hurt, for whatever reason. I don't even love him, but I did love him. When we were kids, I loved him."

She utters quietly, "I'm sorry."

I shake my head. "Don't be. It wasn't your fault." I pause. "I did something. I screwed up. I really screwed up."

She remains silent, giving me time to get it out.

"That night, Clark and I shared words. It was weird. I asked him to kiss me. He did. It was...okay."

Frankie groans. She gets it.

"So I decide to clear my mind. I head over to Mirage, have some wine and listen to some music, when out of nowhere comes Marco."

Frankie's body goes rigid.

She knows. She always knows.

I clear my throat. "One thing led to another. A small kiss here, a grope there. Next thing I know, I'm in his bed."

She whispers, "Oh, my God."

I grumble in agreement. "Yeah, exactly. So if that's not bad enough, Clark is in bed with Michelle. And he hears everything."

Frankie gasps and her hand darts out, slapping my arm, "Shut. Up!" She gasps again, slower this time. "That's what the argument was about, wasn't it? That's why he lost it."

"Yep. That's why he ripped up my garden."

Frankie bursts into laughter. I glare at her. "What the hell's so funny?"

She snorts. "Who knew a nun would lead such a soap opera life. And it's not even a good soap opera. It's a Z-grade soap opera." She turns to me and chortles, "And you're the star!"

"It's not funny, Frankie!"

Her face turns serious as she answers quietly, "You're right." She nods. "You're right, Cat." Her booming laughter fills the car. "It's f**king hilarious!"

I sigh and turn away, looking out the window, listening to Frankie laugh softly.

"I can't even. Like, I just- I can't even." Her laughter gets louder. "I can't even can right now. That's how funny this is. I literally can't even."

A smile twitches at my lips. I whisper, "You're an ass**le."

Her laughter is borderline hysterical as she yells, "And you're a f**king whore!"

A chuckle escapes me. "You're a rug muncher. A big one. With gorilla ni**les."

She wheezes, unable to breath from hilarity. "Oh, my God, stop. Your ability to spot the obvious is going to make me pee."

My shoulders shake with silent laughter.

We both put in our earpieces and turn the radio devices on. Chuckling, I utter, "Night Fury and Moon Shadow are online."

The car slows and then comes to a stop. We park down the street, open the doors and exit. Clark stays in the car but Bob and Ari join us.

I put on a black silk mask that covers the bottom half of my face. I watch Ari put on her Marilyn Monroe mask as Frankie slips on a ski mask that has a skull printed on the front. Bob ties a bandana just under his eyes.

Unrecognizable, we remove our weapons.

My katana, Koneko, goes with me on every job. Ari removes a ten-inch hunting knife. Frankie wraps a thick chain tightly around her hands. Bob pulls out his .357 magnum.

Frankie approaches the door and whispers, "This is my last party for a while. Seems appropriate that I make an entrance, wouldn't you say?"

She steps back, ready to kick in the door. Just as she's about to let it rip, Bob clears his throat. He steps forwards and turns the knob.

The door opens and we laugh as Frankie sighs, "Stupid motherfuckers."

She opens the door and we all enter. Three men immediately scurry through the back exit of the house leaving one haggard looking woman in the main room of the makeshift brothel.

I'm going to take a wild guess and say this is Margaret Pinot. The woman who is whoring out her thirteen and sixteen-year-old daughters.

High as a kite, she finally turns and blinks up at us. She slurs, "Who are you? What do you want?"

Frankie steps forward allowing the chain to drop by her side with a jingle. She greets our target perfectly.

"Evenin', Ms. Pinot." She pauses to smirk viciously. "We're the X-Men. And we're here to f**k shit up."

With lightning fast reflexes, she swings the chain out like a whip, bracing herself and extending her arm out gracefully.

Ms Pinot lets out a bloodcurdling scream while holding her now-bloody face. Adrenaline pumps through my system making me lightheaded with blood lust. A cruel smile spreads behind my mask.

I love my job.

Chapter Eight

I spend what seems like hours cleaning myself. It doesn't matter how many times I wash my hands, I see blood. I don't dare close my eyes. The images in my mind are much worse than just oozing red blood.

Floating in and out of my subconscious, I hear the growling, barking and cursing from Xavier as he tries to overcome his addiction. Sheets have been changed countlessly. He throws up and pisses himself like a f**king puppy. He's constantly on the toilet or throwing up in it. Or throwing up on the ground. Or on the bed. Or wherever the hell he's standing at the time.

He looks pale, and shakes, although his body is burning like a furnace. It's scary. I worry he'll die from withdrawal.

Bob assures me this is normal. Obviously, this did not placate me. With a sigh, Bob promised me that if he saw Xavier was taking a turn for the worst, he'd make sure he'd get him to someone who could help.

That sort of helped. I wondered just how much worse he could get before Bob considered him taking a turn for the worst. However, it is now close to three a.m. I am tired. I am sore. The adrenalin of the job has worn off and my mood turns grim.

When I hear a low keening cry from the end of the hall, my brow furrows and I have no choice but to investigate. I creep down the hall to the slightly open door and my heart aches. I listen in as Tomas hears his brother's pleas and cries; he's rocking hard and crying with him.

I don't step in, fearing I'll make things worse, but my blood boils. Turning, I head down the hall to the opposite direction, to the room at the very end of the hall. With every step I take, with every growl and grunt I hear, my anger is upped a notch. Without a word, I throw open the door, trying hard as I can to ignore the stench of bile and body odour and stomp over to the bed where Xavier's body convulses in obvious discomfort.

This should make me feel sorry for him. It doesn't. It makes me angrier.

I reach the edge of the bed, grip his filthy tank and pull him up by it. Startled, his bloodshot eyes open wide. I pull him to stand, rear my elbow back and punch him in the jaw, hard enough to hurt him, not hard enough to knock him out.

He lands on the bed, holding his jaw, looking up at me in shock.

I sweep my arm out to the hall and pant, "While you whine and scream and cry and feel sorry for yourself, your brother sits in his room listening to you cry." I pause and whisper, "And he's crying with you. For you."

My jaw steels as he continues to watch me through glazed eyes. I hiss, "You got yourself into this; you get yourself out of it. But I swear to God...If you hurt Tomas along the way, I will hunt you down like the scum you are and gut you like a fish." My heartbeat slows as I gain a bit of control. I sigh, "This is not just about you anymore. This is about Tomas, too. Stop being so selfish and think about him."

Xavier tries to stand but his knees give way. He sits on the bed shaking and shivering. His lip curls up at me. "You think I don't know that?" He roars, "What the f**k do you think I'm doing this for, you pretentious bitch?" He looks to the door and his face becomes pained. "I'm doing this for him. I love him. He's everything to me. You don't even know me. You have no right to judge me."

His jab burns me.

Am I pretentious?

My eyes void, I utter, "You're right. I shouldn't judge you, but I can't help it. When I see Tomas, I see a light. And the last few times I've seen him, the light has dimmed." His eyes fill with tears and I know I'm hitting him where it hurts, but he needs to know this. "You're dimming his light. Choking it. You're breaking him."

A tear slides down his cheek. Mouth quivering, he chokes out, "I'm trying to save him. I want to save him." He looks into my eyes, shrugs and asks a hushed, "How exactly do I do that?"

We stare at each other a little while and I find myself softening towards him. I bunch my nose. "You could start with a shower. And maybe brushing your teeth."

He blinks and then barks out a surprised laugh. "Noted. And if I could stand on my own, I would. I know I stink. I smell myself and gag. Why do you think I keep throwing up?"

His body shaking lessens, and I wonder if this is all he needs to make it better. A distraction. It's three a.m. and I should be tired, but I'm suddenly smiling.

I step forward and hold out my hand to him. "C'mon. Let's get you bathed."

Without hesitation, he slips his shaking hand into mine and allows me to pull him up. He puts his arm around my shoulders and I slide my arm around his waist. His very thin waist.

"You need to eat something." As soon as I say it, I cringe.

His fisted hand comes up to his mouth and he gags.

I whisper through a grimace. "Sorry. I didn't think."

He shakes his head. "It's fine, just please don't mention food again."

As we walk down the hall, I nod. "Noted."

***

"Is this all right?"

From my place on the vanity, I look up from my book and peer over at Xavier with raised brows.

In the tub, with his underwear on, he spreads his arms out. "This. You're not going to get into trouble for being in here with me, are you?"

The hairs on the back of my neck prickle.

Shit.

I hadn't thought about that.

Sliding off the vanity, I walk over to the closed bathroom door and open it widely. I turn to Xavier and smile. "No problem." I walk back to my sitting place. "Besides, I think Father Robert would be kind of peeved with me if I let you drown."

His brows knit as he dips his hand into the water. "You don't act like a nun."

It's time for one of my brows to rise. "Oh, yeah? And how, pray tell, should a nun act?"

He shrugs. "I don't know. But they don't punch people or swear or threaten people with death."

I can't help but chuckle. "Well, this one does. I think you'll find we're not your typical church."

He nods and utters distractedly, "No. Not at all like a church."

I still.

What an odd thing to say.

We sit in silence a moment. I discreetly shake my head and put my paranoia down to Marco screwing us over. I'm questioning everything lately. It's a shitty feeling.

After our little conversation slash confrontation, I walked Xavier to the bathroom. I started the tub with lukewarm water, knowing he was burning up, and helped him dress down to his boxers. I held his hand as he stood on shaking legs and assisted him into the tub. As I moved to exit the room to place his clothes into the washing machine, I thought better than to leave an exhausted, currently weak man to drown in the tub. In the vanity sink, I washed his sweats and tank using shampoo. Not ideal but it worked.

Now he's been soaking in the tub for around forty-five minutes and it's close to five a.m. He's made no move to wash his body with soap, or shampoo his hair and I'm beginning to get antsy.

I clear my throat. "The shampoo is right there in the green bottle."

He gives me a weak nod. His eyes blink sleepily. "I know. I'm just so tired. I can't lift my arms."

Oh.

Of course.

Slowly, I move down from my place and walk over to him with small steps. When I reach the side of the tub, I move over his immersed body and take hold of the shampoo. Without asking, I take the washcloth and dribble water over his too-long hair. He groans low in his throat. I put a little shampoo in my hand and work up a lather. As soon as my fingertips touch his hair, his head falls back and he groans louder.

I wash his hair in a slow but firm motion, scratching his scalp with my fingernails. His groan turns into a slow guttural growl.

Using the washcloth, I trickle water over his head, rinsing his hair.

Gripping the back of his head, I gently rest his neck on the rim of the tub and take hold of a bar of soap.

Xavier doesn't open his eyes as I lift one arm out of the water and go over it with the soapy cloth. I wash his arms and legs, his neck and as I reach his torso, my stomach clenches.

Geez. This is really intimate. This probably wasn't such a good idea.

I try hard as I can to keep this clinical, but the truth is, Xavier is an attractive man. I tell myself I'm unaffected.

Yep. Unaffected.

So unaffected.

Not even affected. Nope.

As the washcloth moves from his neck, down his chest, over his puckered ni**les and down to his belly, his stomach clenches and I wonder if he's as unaffected as I am.

Dropping the cloth into the water, I stand, startled and rush out, "All done. Let's get you out." Like, now.

He stands and my gaze is immediately drawn to his wet boxers.

My eyes widen. My cheeks flush.

I stare openly at the crotch of his boxers. His tented boxers.

Turning, I take the towel and avoid eye contact as I hold it open for him. He takes it from me and wraps it around himself, pulling his boxers down his legs, dropping them into the bathwater.

He mutters quietly, embarrassed, "Sorry. I'm sorry."

I shake my head as if it's nothing and swallow hard. "Don't worry about it."

He continues quietly, desperate to explain, "It's just that it's been a long time since I've had a woman touch me. And I know it's f**ked, but you're a woman. And you're beautiful. And it's hard-"

I make a chocking sound and bite my tongue to stop myself from bursting into laughter.

I spot his grin and he cringes. "I meant it's difficult to not react. I'm sorry. Really."

Still trying to avoid his gaze, I stare into his dewy chest and reply breathily, "I understand." Walking backward, I tell him, "I'll just get you some spare clothes. If you feel weak or tired, sit on the edge of the tub."

I walk out of the bathroom to find Bob leaning against the wall dressed only in his pajama pants, hair dishevelled, just woken.

My heart stops.

Uh oh.

But then he smiles. A proud smile. Gripping the back of my neck, he pulls me in and kisses my forehead. My eyes close and my heart constricts from the show of emotion. "Good morning."

With his lips against me, he mumbles, "You're a good girl, Cat."

And with that, he turns and walks away, leaving me feeling warm and happy, and unusually Christian-like.

Chapter Nine

"How many times must I tell you to watch what you say? We have guests," Ari hisses heatedly.

Frankie rolls her eyes. "Okay, Ms Partypooper. Chill out, will you? No one's even in here."

The two would-be nuns, totally dressed the part, keep me company while I bake. They've already spotted the bags under my eyes and made obnoxious comments that people who care about you just do. I decide to tell them about my little night adventure with Xavier.

Moving around the kitchen, gathering ingredients from here and there, I try to work it in. "How about cranberry white choc muffins today? You think Tomas will eat them? I hope he does. You know, maybe I should wait for him to get up. He might like to help me cook. I should clean the workbench. Speaking of cleaning, I helped Xavier bathe this morning around five a.m. Do you think he'd like cranberry white choc muffins?"

When neither of them says anything, I peek up to find them both gaping at me.

My cheeks begin a slow burn. "Well?"

Frankie blinks then chuckles, "You just threw that in there, huh? Like we wouldn't notice?"

My shoulders slump. I look up, sheepishly. "I was kind of hoping. Yeah."

Ari smiles softly, standing gracefully behind the counter. "What has happened to your gung-ho attack on the boy?"

Honesty is best with these two. I tip flour into a bowl, add butter and begin to crumble it together with my fingertips. "If it makes you feel any better, I punched him too."

Frankie cackles. "What the hell did you get up to last night? I should change your codename to Night Chaos."

I look to Frankie and put on the stupidest laugh I can muster. I mutter sarcastically, "You're, like, so funny."

Ari prompts, "Well?"

I sigh, "I actually went to his room to yell at him. I told him in not so many words that he was a horrible person and an even worse brother. And you know what he told me?" They look at me intently. "That everything he's doing, he does for Tomas. Because he loves him." I use my upper arm to scratch my chin. "I guess I just realised that we have a common interest is all. And if he's really doing what he's doing for Tomas, then he's okay with me. I'll help him. I want to help him."

Frankie and Ari both smile my way.

Someone clears their throat. Xavier shuffles into the kitchen looking pale, body trembling. His cheeks look sunken. Probably more so because he's shaved. His left hand clutches his right hand. "A little help?"

Red seeps through his fingers. My face falls.

Frankie and Ari rush forward. A cacophony of conversation begins.

"What happened?"

"What have you done, my boy?"

"Oh, Xavier. Why?" Frankie sighs while getting the paper towels off the counter.

I stand there with my hands in my crumble. When Ari moves to get the first aid kit, I see it.

He's cut himself. No. Not cut himself. But cut himself. Purposely. Deep gouges made with only God knows what line his inner arm. He looks up at me. Through me.

My heart sinks.

Frankie and Ari attend to him as he and I stare at each other. His eyes communicate with me. I hear his voice in my head. "Judge me. I dare you."

My eyes speak back to him. "I'm not judging you. Just trying to understand you."

Hands caked with batter, I stand there helpless, watching the two women fawn over him. The more I stand there, the more I think. My heart begins to pound and suddenly, anger courses through me. Before I can stop myself, my lip curls. "You'd better hope to God you better yourself, Xavier." My eyes burn into his. I grit my teeth and vow, "Because I swear to you, if you don't get your shit together, I'll take Tomas from you myself."

His body stiffens. His eyes blaze.

It all happens so fast.

Pushing Frankie and Ari aside with as much force as he can muster, he rushes over to me. It's such a shock that I forget to protect myself, because I'm sure I won't need to. Eyes wide, I feel his body crash into mine with such force that I'm knocked on my ass, my mixing bowl overturned, a resounding boom echoing through the walls of the room.

He roars down at me, "I f**king dare you, bitch. I will f**king kill you." He points a finger in warning, panting, and repeats slowly, "I will f**king kill you."

It's in this moment I realise he would do it. I should have never underestimated this man.

Arms come around his middle and chest, he's pulled back in complete silence, and for the first time in years, I look at Ari and Frankie to see disappointment.

Disappointment aimed at me.

As they drag him away, he doesn't take his eyes off me. He looks crazed. He doesn't belong here. He belongs somewhere he would be offered the right kind of help.

My heart constricts as I realise what I've just thought. If that's the case, shouldn't I be committed to a psychiatric ward? How can a person like me, so emotionless and cold, judge a man like Xavier? I immediately regret my need to run my mouth.

Still seated on the floor, covered in blobs of butter and flour, I start to clean the mess I've caused. And think about how to clean the bigger mess with our guest.

Chapter Ten

I hesitate only a moment before lifting my hand and lightly knocking on the door.

"Come in."

This is said so sullenly that my chest squeezes. I bite my lip and lift my head heavenward in guilt. It's been eating away at me for hours. I've only just decided it's safe enough to come visit Xavier and apologise. I've come bearing gifts though. Hopefully this means he won't go through with his threat to kill me. I cringe at the memory of what went down this morning.

Gah. You're such a turd.

My hand hovers over the door handle before I grip it tightly and turn it slowly. I open the door a few inches and peek in. Xavier sits with his back to the bedhead, shirtless, with Frankie's laptop on his thighs.

My cheeks heat as we make eye contact. Mainly because I'm embarrassed that I'm such a callous, cruel person. I swallow hard and ask weakly, "Can I come in?"

Lips tight, he averts his gaze back down to the laptop and shrugs in a suit yourself motion.

In his state of undress, I leave the door wide open and walk in. If Bob caught me in here with the door shut, he'd shoot me. Well, probably not me. Xavier, likely.

I try desperately not to stare at the bandages winding up his forearm.

His eyes narrow on the basket in my hands.

Hesitantly, he closes the lid on the laptop, puts it on the nightstand and sits cross-legged on the bed. He jerks his chin and asks, "What's that?"

I don't dare look into his eyes.

Hypocritical bitch.

I clear my throat and lift the basket higher. "It's just a basket of goodies I thought you might like. I went into town this morning and... um... I know Tomas like the chocolate eclairs from Nanette's bakery. While I was there, I picked up a whole bunch of stuff 'cause I didn't know what you liked so I got almost one of everything."

His eyes narrow at my false cheer.

My shoulders slump and I hold out the basket nervously. "Will you just take it please? It's the only way I know how to apologise without actually apologising."

His brows rise a little. "Why the apology?"

Asshole.

He's really going to make me say this out loud.

I sigh deeply. "Because what I said was stupid. You didn't need to hear that while you're trying to get better. I had no right to judge you or be a bitch." I pause. "A heartless bitch."

His face softens. "Kind of a theme with you, huh? Judging people."

If he wants to be a smartass, I'll be a smartass right back. "Not people. Just you."

His lips twitch. "What you got in that basket?" Not a second later, his stomach rumbles. Loudly.

I grin. "Got your appetite back?"

"Yeah. The shakes stopped this morning. I feel pretty average though, but at least I'm not puking anymore."

"That's great. Really. You're handling this better than most. I'm sure." No thanks to me. "You should be proud." I'm almost shocked that I mean it.

His hands moves to gently scratch at his bandage and I know he thinks I'm talking shit. I don't know what possesses me but I let him in on a secret. "You're not the only person who f**ks up, you know. We all do. It's part of being human. You have to learn to forgive yourself and get past it or it'll eat you alive." I hadn't meant for that to sound so shaky.

He breathes deeply and then replies on an exhale, "You make it sound like you've done worse."

My face remains void when I answer softly, "We've all made mistakes."

His arms rise and he crosses them behind his head. He utters, "Okay. Tell me something you've done that was f**ked up."

I know what he's doing. He's baiting me to see if I'll answer him. He's testing me.

Moving to the edge of his bed, I sit down, away from him and start, "I've been here forever. This has been my home since I was just a baby. Father Robert took me in and I knew my life would always be this church."

"Were you forced into becoming a nun?" He actually sounds concerned.

"No. Absolutely not. In fact, Father Robert tried to talk me out of it multiple times. He thought I was only doing it to make him happy. I can't tell you the amount of times I've gone up to my room to find college brochures there. He just wants me to be happy. And I am. But for a while there, I was really confused about what I wanted."

I don't know how to explain it any other way than just telling it straight. "You see, when I was sixteen, I started seeing a guy. An older guy. He was a bad guy." I swallow hard as I think about James and try to tell my story in a vague way, hiding most of the details. "I was young and thought I knew what love was. I hid my relationship from everyone because it's forbidden for a training nun, and I convinced myself that he was it."

After a moments silence, Xavier prompts, "What happened?"

"Father Robert found out." I chuckle humourlessly and scratch absently at my chest. "It was f**ked. Beyond f**ked. I was in a lot of trouble. Years of trust flew out the door. Everyone was so disappointed in me." My voice turns to a hush. "I hated myself."

Xavier sits up straighter. That definitely got his attention. "What happened to the guy?"

What happened to the guy?

My mind takes me back to that day.

James pulls me closer to him, his warm lips brush over mine and my knees weaken. I'm so in love with this man. I would do anything for him.

Anything.

"I love you, Cat." I smile against his lips. He smiles, too, and then whispers, "I'm gonna marry you one day."

My stomach dips. I'm so happy I could burst.

He wraps his arms tighter around my waist and pulls me deeper into his lap. I feel the thickness of his erection right up against my most private place and sigh. I'm so wet. I want more but James won't let me.

He says it'll happen when it's meant to happen and we have no need to rush. We'll be together forever. We have a lifetime of lovemaking ahead of us. And it's going to be amazing.

We're becoming more and more desperate to see each other. Tonight, James has become so desperate that he's snuck into the church grounds, behind the building by the kitchen's entrance. We sit on the bench under the oak and kiss furiously. Frantically. As if this will be the last time we see each other.

Who knew it would be the last time?

Ironic, huh?

I bite the inside of my cheek. My heart pounds. I try something I've never done before.

Reaching between us, I gently stroke his hard length over his jeans.

His mouth parts, his hazel eyes close and he mutters, "Oh, baby."

That being all the encouragement I need, I become braver. My strokes become bolder, albeit jerky, but he seems to be enjoying what I want to give.

He runs a hand through his constantly chaotic light brown hair and lies back on the bench, allowing me better access. I stroke slowly but firmly. He lets me explore on my own a while before he places his hand over mine and grips himself so tightly I'm sure it must hurt him. He groans and bucks into our hands. His pace quickens as does his breathing, and just when I'm sure he's going to fall apart, I'm startled at the sound of someone behind us.

A growl, "Cat, what the f**k do you think you're doing? What's he doing here?"

Bob.

My heart pounds. I know I've f**ked up. Badly.

I jump off of James and he moves to stand too. He looks Bob in the eye and tells him, "I love her. I can't help it. She loves me too. We're gonna get married as soon as we can."

Bob glares at him. "Of course you love her. Every person that meets Cat falls in love with her." He sneers, "She's everything you're not. You don't belong together. You'll corrupt her. Then when you turn her into everything you hate, you'll leave and blame it on her too."

James shakes his head. "No. It's not like that. I really love her."

I stupidly add, "I love him, Bob."

Bob ignores James and looks down at me like he doesn't know me. "You don't know what you're saying. He's a f**king criminal, Cat." He runs his hands through his hair. "I don't f**king believe this. How long has this been going on?" Before I have a chance to answer, he places his hands up in front of him. "Don't answer that." He looks at me stone-faced. "This ends. Tonight."

My heart stops. "No."

Bob's jaw tics. "You listen to me, girl. You end it."

James steps forward. "Father Robert, I know this sounds crazy but-"

Bob booms, "If you know what's good for you, boy, you'll shut the f**k up. Right now."

James stops talking.

Bob utters in warning. "I'm serious, Cat. This is done. Finished."

The thought of losing James is enough to make me ill. I stand straighter and respond shakily, "No. I won't."

Bob stares at me for a few seconds before he mutters, "You think I'm not serious?" He steps closer to James. "How's this for serious?"

Bob pulls out his .357 magnum from behind him, aims it a hair's breadth away from James's forehead and pulls the trigger.

The shot echoes throughout the distance. Something warm splatters my face.

I gasp in shock as James falls to the ground, motionless.

My mind blank, eyes tearing, body trembling, I whisper, "No."

Bob stands there, looking down at James, huffing and puffing from adrenaline.

This is just a dream. I'll wake up any moment and see this was all just a dream.

"No." I look up at Bob and wail, "No! No, no, no, no."

I drop to the ground and kneel by James. There's a hole in his forehead and his eyes are open. He bites his tongue. His head lolls.

He's very much dead.

Not able to stand it, I let out a keening cry so pained I think that God himself hears me. I cry in hurt and heartache. I cry til I'm numb.

I feel Bob behind me. His hand touches my shoulder but I shrug him off. "I hate you! I f**king hate you!"

Bob stands back, allowing me distance. He stays quiet a long time, listening to me cry, before he tells me something I didn't know. "He wasn't just a drug dealer, Cat. He was selling women. Not just women but teenagers, close to your age. You know what his position was?"

But I don't answer. I don't want to know. Still kneeling, head dipped, my body shakes in silent sobs.

"He would break them in."

I don't know what that means. Bob obviously knows this so he explains, "His job was to have sex with them, sweetie. He would rape them until they wouldn't fight back, then they'd be sold. I'm sure you don't want to hear it but I need you to know this. Whenever they fought back, he would beat the shit out of them. Beat them within an inch of their lives. Before you ask, I have evidence of this. A lot of photographic evidence." I cry harder. Bob utters, "He deserved to die, Cat."

The tears won't stop. I find it hard to breathe.

Before I can register what's happening, everything fades to black.

I blink away tears, look at Xavier and whisper, "He screwed with some dangerous people and got himself killed."

Xavier nods. We sit in a comfortable silence. He takes a sweet pastry out of the basket and hands it to me.

I lift my head and smile softly.

As he takes a bite of a croissant, he smiles back.

I nibble on my tart and think:

Aren't we a pair?

Maybe Xavier and I have more in common that I thought.

Chapter Eleven

Huff-puff-pant.

The long thin stick in my hands feels heavier by the second. I don't know how much longer I can do this. For an old guy, Bob has the stamina of a twenty year old.

Just my luck.

Although he pants, he holds the stick in one hand, circling me. He smirks. My eyes narrow and I want to wipe that smirk off his face using as much force as necessary. So I do.

Lifting my hand, I swing the stick down over my head so fast that I hear the whoosh of the wind as it cuts through it. Bob moves fast, but not fast enough. The stick comes down on his shoulder and he winces. If it were anyone else, an unprepared person, that shot could have been a kill shot.

I smirk back and then stick out my tongue. His body shakes in silent chuckles. He kneels as though catching his breath but the long stick he holds spins out and catches the back of my calf.

Lifting my head, I howl in pain as I'm taken down to the floor with a thud.

Sneaky, sneaky.

Still kneeling, he watches me through smiling eyes. Only Bob could beat the shit out of me and make me want to hug him.

I lift my head a moment before I raise my hand and wave my invisible white flag.

He chuckles out loud and moves over to me. Holding out his hand, he utters, "Great job today. Soon you won't even need sessions."

I couldn't tell you why, but as he says that, my chest pangs. Rather than show any emotion, I lie back on the ground, chest heaving and cover my eyes with a forearm. I don't want my sessions to end. If my sessions end, what time will I have with Bob? Just me and Bob. I suppose I sound like a whiny little brat, but Bob is all I know. He is my protector. My guardian. My role model. Sure, he could have been a better role model, but I say he did good with what he had. That he does good, still.

"So, how are things with Xavier?"

Bob sits by me and remains silent for a while, thinking before answering, "Another week or so and he'll be good to go on his way."

My arm flops down by my side. "And he'll be okay, you think? He'll stay away from drugs?"

Bob stares into the wall, not answering.

I close my eyes tightly and mutter a tired, "He's going to use again, isn't he?"

Bob breathes deeply and replies on an exhale, "I don't think he will for a long while, but I think it won't take much to set him off. The guy already has anger issues, that much is clear, but dealing with someone like Tomas is not an easy thing." He looks at me. "How long do you think you could go with someone ignoring you before you hit the wall?"

My heart aches.

I know Tomas doesn't do this intentionally but, yes, he doesn't listen. I like to think because he can't. He communicates in the only way he knows how.

Bob is right. It won't be easy.

If only they could stay...

As if knowing my thoughts, Bob rubs my arm before standing and leaving me to my thoughts.

***

"Tomas, you need to keep real still for Ari or she might cut you."

Tomas keeps his head still but his arms flail under the smock. I know he can't help it. He seems to need to be moving in some way all the time. So I do something I haven't done since I was a little girl. I move to stand in front of Tomas, and take his contorted hands in mine. I smile and start softly, "Patty cake, patty cake, baker's man, bake me a cake as fast as you can..."

Tomas smiles a crooked smile and it spurs me on. I sing louder, making the movements between our hands bolder and sillier.

Obviously, we can't do it like any other people do, so I pat our hands onto his knees and make motions myself. I feel stupid. Really stupid. But it's making him happy. And I'm sure he's thinking, 'Wow. You look so damn stupid.'

Ari laughs sweetly while she continues to work. She places a hand on Tom's shoulder and says full of humour, "I think we should have found a way to record this, oui?"

To our amazement, Tomas jerks his head around. It doesn't look like much, but I'm sure this was a nod. He was agreeing with Ari.

Rather than show how shocked I am, I clear my throat and drawl, "Thanks a lot, Tomas." I wink at him. "I thought we were friends. I wonder who's going to hook you up with those chocolate eclairs you like so much now that we aren't friends anymore."

He smiles harder and points a kinked finger at me.

I feign surprise. "Me? Me, you say? But I thought we weren't friends?"

He shakes his head slowly.

My eyes narrow. "You wouldn't be trying to make friends with me just for my ability at sourcing eclairs, would you?"

Smiling hard, Ari removes the smock and announces, "And we are done! Here. Let's get you up."

She helps him stand and walks him over to the mirror. She gently strokes her dainty hands through his newly cut hair and asks, "What do you think? Better?"

Tomas stares at himself for a long while. Just as my heart begins to sink at his reaction (or lack of) he turns and places an arm around Ari's neck. She hides her surprise well, hugging him back in turn. When they pull apart, she leans down into his face, gently taps his nose and whispers, "You're so welcome."

A small knock at the door has us all turning.

Xavier watches Tomas with a blank expression on his face. Tomas lowers his face and walks out of the room. Xavier's brow furrows as he watches his brother walk back to his room without a word spoken.

The tension in the air in tangible. You could cut it with a knife. Ari and I watch Xavier bite the inside of his cheek and drift off far into his mind. He grips the doorframe with both hands and puffs out a breath. "What am I doing wrong?"

He sounds miserable. My heart clenches. I'm not sure what to say so I keep quiet.

Ari, on the other hand, clears her throat. "You know, Xavier, when I was growing up, my father was absent. He had brought trouble to himself. My mother loved him regardless. But he was trouble." Her accent thickens as she speaks. "He was a good man, but he did some bad things. He eventually was arrested and he died in prison."

I blink over at Ari.

She's never spoken about her family before. She never speaks of her past.

Xavier shrugs as if he doesn't understand why she's telling him this.

She smiles at him. "No matter how much I loved my father, I always felt he abandoned me. Years of his life wasted away in prison. He could have done better. He should have made sure he did better. He owed it to us to be the best person he could be. But he did not." Her face turns sympathetic as she delivers a hard blow. "I hated him for that. Perhaps Tomas feels abandoned, non? How long were you apart?"

Xavier stares down at the floor. "Years. A really long time."

Ari nods. I do nothing.

It's as though I'm intruding on a private conversation.

Ari speaks softly, "You can change this, beau. There is still time to fix what has been broken."

Xavier doesn't respond. His eyes void. It barely looks as though he's breathing. Ari walks over to him and places her hands on his shoulders, slowly. Gently. As if trying not to spook a frightened animal. "I would have done anything for my father to have made an effort. That's all it would've taken for me to love him again. To know he was trying."

Xavier mutters, "I am trying."

"Good. Then don't take no for an answer. Show him you won't be going away again. Never again. That he can rely on you. That you will take care of him."

When he doesn't speak again, Ari pulls him over to the chair in the middle of the room. "Sit. You need a haircut."

He allows her to lead him. As he sits, he looks over at me. I shoot him a small smile. He returns the smile, but his is a tired smile.

It's then that I ask myself who will take care of Xavier.

Chapter Twelve

One week later...

Arms elbow deep in bread dough, I hear footsteps rush into the kitchen. I lift my head in time to see Tomas coming my way, a smile on his face.

From way behind, I hear someone running. "Tom, stop!"

I chuckle to myself and watch as Tomas tries to hide himself somewhere in the kitchen.

"I'm serious, dude! When I get my hands on you, you're finished!"

There isn't much time. I reach behind me and open the door to the pantry. I whisper hiss, "Over here!"

Tomas doesn't need to be asked twice. He moves into the pantry and I shut the door behind him.

Xavier comes into the kitchen, puffing. "Hey. Have you seen Tomas?"

I shrug but don't dare look at him. I bite the insides of my cheeks to stop myself from smiling. Xavier doesn't miss this.

Eyes narrowing on me, he takes a small step forward. And my tummy flutters.

Over the last week, Xavier has put on a lot of weight he had lost during the days he was ill. He looks stronger, and much more handsome. His cheeks are no longer sunken and I'm almost ashamed by the fact that when he takes an afternoon run, I tend to my garden just so I can watch him.

He's becoming a better person. He isn't quite there yet, but he's trying.

Tomas hugged him for the first time a few days ago. It was hard not to witness when Tomas made a show of it at dinner one night.

Xavier's face morphed from surprise to happiness to anguish. He held his brother for a long time and when he lifted his head, he swiped furiously at his own eyes trying to hide the tears.

It was a beautiful thing. Not a single person at the dinner table could hold back their smiles.

"I don't know where he is. Maybe he went through to the back," I say distractedly, pointing over to the back door.

But Xavier smirks and drawls, "Is that right?"

Shit. He's onto me.

I shrug a second time because if I speak, I'll also burst into laughter. When he rounds on me, I take a step back and put my arms out. "What?"

His smile turns predatory. "You know what. Where is he?"

I smile so hard it hurts. "I don't know what you're talking about."

Xavier chuckles softly. "He needs a bath. He smells like cheese."

Another step back. "He's a boy. They're meant to be dirty."

"He doesn't even eat cheese, Cat. Tell me where he is."

"Don't come any closer."

A foot away from me, he lunges and catches me around the waist just before I turn to run.

Truth is, if I didn't want to him to catch me, he wouldn't have.

I play struggle, laughing. "Let me go!"

Pulling me further back into his body, I still. So does he. I feel his warm breath on my neck and my body breaks out into goose bumps. I slump into him. He rewards me with a slight squeeze. The pantry door opens and Tomas comes out, his face contorted into a laughing smile.

Xavier releases me quickly and I step away from him rolling my eyes. "You were meant to wait till I got rid of him, Tom! Sheesh. I need to teach you the aim of this game."

Xavier opens his arm wide and Tomas runs into his body. "Oomph. Slow down there, boy. You ready to get clean?"

A noise of protest comes from low in Tomas's throat but he places his hand in Xavier's. Tomas leads Xavier away, and just before they leave, Xavier turns and winks at me.

I'm not sure why exactly, but ever since we came to blows the previous week, Xavier has become a friend. Perhaps he needed someone to throw a healthy dose of reality in his face.

My stomach twists. Bob says it's almost time for them to leave. But I don't want them to leave. I like them here. They've become a part of us. A part of our family.

How will they survive without us?

How will I live without them?

***

I have a job tonight.

It's supposed to be an easy one. In and out. No need for mess or hassle.

I'd be lying if I said I didn't feel the need for bloodshed after Bob told me Tomas and Xavier will be leaving the day after next.

Quite frankly, I'm pissed off. I understand when Bob says this is no place for civilians. I do. But it's not like I'm walking around asking, "Hey Tom, want to see my sword?"

After plenty of thought, I've decide to plead with Bob to let them stay a little while longer.

The office door is open, but as I get closer, my determined steps slow.

"How could you do this?" This comes from Bob, and it sounds accusatory.

"I didn't plan this, Bob. It just happened." This is Frankie. Her voice soft.

Something is knocked over, landing on the floor with a crash. A harsh, "Who's is it?"

A slap resounds.

My eyes widen.

Frankie sounds heartbroken when she croaks, "You are a lot of things, Bob, but you never were an ass**le."

Silence.

Silence that worries me.

Finally, she states acidly, "It's yours." A long silence, then she adds wearily, "For me, it was always you." There's a pause. "But it never was me for you, was it?"

Bob sighs, "I never wanted kids, Frankie. Not ever."

Frankie returns with, "But you took in Cat..."

Bob spaces out the words, making his point, "I. Never. Wanted. Children."

And it cuts me deeply. So deep that my chest feels slashed open. Gaping. Raw.

He never wanted me.

I love him but he never wanted me.

My eyes fill with tears. Frankie exits the office, not even sparing me a glance. As Bob attempts to go after her, he comes to a screech in front of me.

His eyes widen in shock. "Cat." He takes one look at my face and I know he knows I heard him. "Sweetie..."

Not waiting for an explanation, I turn and walk away from him. He calls out again, but I don't stop. He taught me better than to let people see me cry.

Chapter Thirteen

Bob tries to speak to me a second and third time today, but I flee both times, not letting him say a single word for fear of what he might say.

I have my memories of my childhood. Good memories. I don't want anything to taint that.

My garden has been sorely neglected while Tomas and Xavier have been with us. Truth be told, I prefer spending time with them than being in my most favourite place in the world.

I smile to myself as I lie back on my cot.

My routine over the past week has changed dramatically. My mornings are spent mostly with Tomas, as we are early risers, while we wait for the others to wake. I'll normally find him standing in the hall, rocking, while it's still dark out. That's when I'll take him by the hand and lead him to the kitchen where we quietly share breakfast.

I've learnt that fruity rings are his favourite cereal.

He makes a mess of himself, but it's fine because he has fun doing it. He's even tried to feed me a couple of times, smiling all the while. How could I refuse a shaky spoonful of cereal when that face is so happy?

I once asked Xavier what he does about the morning wanderings at home, which was clearly a huge mistake. He shot me a hateful glance and spat, "Well, I'm not about to f**kin' lock him up like some animal, Cat."

I quickly apologised. Then stuck my foot deeper into my mouth when I told him it was dangerous for Tomas to be wandering the house by himself in the dark.

That's when his face turned tortured. After a long while, he admitted on a whisper, "I know." His voice thickened with shame. "That's why I lock him in his room at night."

And my heart broke.

As I lie here trying hard not to read too much into what Bob said this morning, my head clears for a single moment before I jump up off the bed with a gasp. It's only just hit me.

I run a hand through my hair and whisper, wide eyed, "Holy shit." I blink in shock.

Frankie's pregnant.

***

Running to Bob's room, I'm almost stopped by Ari.

Holding my hand out, I rush out, "Not right now. This is an emergency."

I continue to run and when I get to Bob's bedroom, I swing open the door and come to an abrupt halt. A frown mars my brows.

She's not here.

Mirage.

Of course.

On foot again, I pass Ari a second time but cut her off when she tries to speak. "Sorry, Ari. I'll find you once I've found Frankie."

I hear Ari growl but I keep running. I run down the stairs. I run through the kitchen and right though the back door. I run over to the barn and key in my code.

My heart races. I pant and sweat. But I don't care.

I need to see her.

Finally, I reach her bedroom and knock. "Frankie? You in there?"

There is no response but I can hear shuffling from the inside. Against my better judgement, I open the door and what I see makes my stomach roll.

Bags.

She's packing bags.

Not just a bag.

Bags. Plural.

She's leaving.

My voice sounds that of a scared little girl. "What are you doing?"

Her lips quiver; her cheeks are tear-stained. She doesn't even look up at me. She doesn't even answer me.

I take a small step into her room, mouth gaping. "What are you doing?" I repeat, louder this time.

But she ignores me. And it hurts. It also makes me angry. "You're taking off? Just like that? Like a goddamn coward?"

This gets a reaction. She turns her bright eyes up at me and hisses, "You don't know shit, Cat. Fuck off."

I shake my head, jaw steeled. "You're pregnant and you're running. You're a coward."

She looks as though she wants to say something but she bites her tongue.

I push further. "Go ahead. Leave. We don't need you." I force myself to say something I don't mean. I need her to react. "I don't need you."

Rather than make her angry, she chokes on a sob. "You're a bitch."

My lips quiver. "Get angry. Fight me. Don't run away with your tail between your legs." She continues to throw things into her duffle bags. My voice shakes, "Don't leave."

I watch on as the first of my tears fall. In a desperate attempt at forcing emotion, I rush forward, take the fuller bag and dump its contents all over the floor. Clothes and framed photographs lay strewn on the ground.

Silent, painfully so, Frankie's body shakes in silent sobs as she kneels to pick up her belongings.

My legs give out. I fall to my knees and croak, "Talk to me, dammit."

Slowing her packing, Frankie mutters in eerie softness. "I have to go."

My chest aches. "No you don't. We'll protect you. I'll protect you. The church is a safe place."

She scoffs, "A nun with a kid. Really, Cat?"

Okay. So it doesn't look good.

"We can say he was an orphan. Like me. We can raise him like you guys raised me."

Frankie's eyes flash. Before she can think, she blurts out, "I don't want him raised like you! He's going to be normal!"

We both kneel on the floor in silence, unmoving.

She opens her mouth again and again, but gapes like a fish out of water. She finally utters weakly, "You know what I mean."

I do, but it doesn't make the statement any less hurtful.

She packs the last of her things off the floor and stands. "I know this is hard but I have to leave. I can't stay here. It's not possible."

I want to argue but hurt and sadness have left me mute.

Her mind is made up.

I stand and ask softly, "Will you at least come visit?"

Frankie smiles a watery smile. "Yeah." She hugs me. "Of course."

I smile back and don't respond to her blatant lie. Sniffling, I help her load her bags into one of the Kompressors and hug her for a few long minutes, quietly crying all the while. We clutch at each other, trembling through our mourning.

This is the hardest goodbye of my life. My best friend is leaving me. I love Ari. I love Bob and Clark. But they aren't Frankie.

She drives away without looking back. Not ready to deal with human interaction right now, I sit on the bench under the large oak tree.

Closing my eyes, I breathe in deeply, taking in a few calming breaths.

"I know you're upset, but I'd like to talk to you if you can tolerate me a minute."

Bob.

I don't open my eyes but let my shoulders sag in defeat.

The bench creaks under our combined weight and he sighs, "I never wanted kids, Cat." My shoulders stiffen. He adds, "But that doesn't mean I don't love you."

I hate myself for feeling the warm fuzzies from his open admission.

"You were a surprise to me. A surprise to us all. I'll admit that I only agreed to keep you until someone suitable came forward to adopt you. But you stayed with us. And that was all me." He turns to me with a cautious smile. "Did you know that I fought to keep you?"

My brows bunch. I did not know that. I shake my head lightly.

He nods. "They wanted to take you away from us. I had to prove we were a good fit for you." He chuckles, "And that was surprisingly hard to do. I had to get papers forged all over. I had to prove we had the money to provide for you. I had to prove we could school you, clothe you, feed you and a f**k of a lot more." He places his hand over mine. "But you were worth it. All the headaches of the world and more. You were worth it."

My fingers twitch under his and he grips my hand tight. "Want to know the exact moment I knew I loved you?" He doesn't wait for an answer. "Frankie was just a kid. A runaway. She was a baby herself, and from the moment you arrived, she never left your side. Ari was in charge of feeding you, changing you, basically being a mom to you, but one day both of the girls were out which left me to look after you for the first time. So I was thinking that babies were messy, noisy things and I was already dreading it."

I cut in with, "The beginning of this story sucks."

He shushes me. "So I took you into my office and watched you while I worked. Before I knew it, I'd done everything I needed to. And it only took me two hours to realise that I hadn't heard a peep from you. I look over and you were staring up at me with those big doe eyes." He grins. "And you were smiling a toothless smile. So then I had to feed you, and I didn't know which end was which. I tried to open the jar of food and I ended up splattered with apple sauce." He chuckles. "And you laughed at me."

I lower my face to hide my smile. Bob never talks about me as a baby.

This is a gift. A rare treat.

He sighs, "After I fed you, I had to bathe you and, boy, were you a little mermaid or what. Splashing around, squealing, laughing and kicking your little legs out. Every time you laughed, I did too. I dried and dressed you in your pink fluffy sleep suit and warmed a bottle. You fell asleep in my arms, and as you did, you reached up and touched my cheek with your little fingers." His voice turns soft. "As I was watching you sleep in my arms, I knew I would do anything to keep you. And from that day on, you spent most of your days with me in my office. Keeping me company."

My insides warm and my throat's thick; I don't say a thing. I can't.

He adds emphatically, "I love you, Catarina. You're my sunshine. Always have been."

I swallow hard and respond meekly, "I love you, too."

He sighs in relief. "Good, 'cause I don't know how long I would've been able to stand you being upset at me. Now, about Frankie..."

"She's gone."

"Yeah, she is."

Then he says something that stops my heart and singes my insides.

"I need you to understand why I sent her away."

Chapter Fourteen

My mind goes a hundred miles an hour. My breathing heavies as I clench my fists and seethe, "You- you sent her away?"

The expression on his face tells me he thought I already knew this.

I did not.

"How could you? She needs us. She needs you! And you sent her away? You're going to be a father, Bob. Your baby needs you."

Putting on his poker face, he adopts a distant tone. "I don't want children. Frankie should have known better. We're a church, not a brothel. Nuns don't just get pregnant, Cat. People would know. We can't risk it. We can't risk our reputation. People trust us. They trust the church."

I don't buy it. "She could have gone into hiding for a while. Come back when the baby was born. We could have raised it as a family."

"She's aborting the pregnancy. There will be no child."

My mouth gapes.

She wouldn't do that. I know Frankie. She would never do that.

Or would she?

It's then that I remember something Frankie said before she left.

"I don't want him raised like you! He's going to be normal!"

Standing, I utter, "I don't know what Frankie told you, Bob, but she's not aborting the pregnancy." He tries to hide the look of surprise that crosses him, but I catch it. I begin walking backwards. "You're going to be a father. Whether you like it or not."

As I move to walk away, I call out without feeling, "Congratulations, Daddy."

***

My chest heaves in unsteady breaths as I run from the crime scene. My heart thumps an erratic drum beat. Cold sweat covers my body.

This is fear. I'm sure of this because I'm about a second away from dirtying my panties.

As I bolt down a side street, I pant into the night air, "Someone want to tell me why the cops are on my ass?"

Red and blue lights flash. A siren wails in the distance.

My body now covered in a cold sweat, I realise this could have very well been my last job.

Clark speak into my earpiece. "Fury, you tripped the alarm."

Impossible.

Hiding myself behind a dumpster, I hiss into nothingness, "No. I. Didn't."

Clark sighs, "You did. I have the monitored alarm reading up on my screen right now."

I try to catch my breath in sulky silence.

Clark speaks softly, "Listen, it happens sometimes. Don't sweat it. You got out. Bob's on his way."

Frankie's leaving is f**king with my head. I close my eyes and try not to breathe in through my nose. This dumpster is rank. Resting my head against the ice-cold brick wall, I mentally lecture myself on how stupid I am for letting this happen.

This was a rookie mistake. And I'm embarrassed by it.

I spot lights brightening the alley and I move to stand. I don't want to be here a second longer than I need to be, although I'm dreading the lecture I know one hundred percent I'm going to receive from Bob on the way home.

Still standing by the dumpster, I'm suddenly blinded by a bright light.

My eyes burn. I quickly lift my hand to block out the harsh assault on my peepers. I spot the gun before I get a chance to run. That's when I hear the words I never thought I'd hear in my lifetime.

"Hands up!" No, no, no! "You're under arrest."

Well, today just keeps getting better and better.

***

The light shining in my eyes, I try to blink away the white spots that blur my vision but it's a futile attempt.

"Raise your hands where I can see 'em." The rough voice does nothing to calm my racing heart. "Now slowly, making no sudden movements, I want you to lower the mask. Can you do that, Miss?"

Squeezing my eyes shut, I swallow hard and nod.

My left hand gently pulls at my mask, uncovering my face for the officer to see.

An annoyed huff. "Fuck. I knew it was you."

The light lowers and I open my eyes. They don't want to cooperate. I blink a little while before my vision clears. And I'm not sure whether to laugh or cry. I chuckle humourlessly, "You have got to be kidding me."

Marco smirks. "Nice to see you, too, baby."

The humour flees my face with such speed that immediately the air feels cooler around me. "Don't call me that."

His face quickly becomes expressionless. He clears his throat. "You have something to do with the murder of a squatter just up the way?"

I glare at him.

There's no point in answering. He already knows.

He scratches at his chin with the butt of his gun. "Wanna tell me why she deserved it?"

Because she was feeding drugs to her babies to keep 'em quiet while she did her begging routine during the day.

I continue to glare at him. He loses his cool. "Dammit, Cat, I can't help you if you don't talk to me."

My eyes roll of their own accord. I add in a scoff for good measure.

He takes a step closer to me. I wish he hadn't done that. He smells amazing. Not to mention the way his uniform hugs his body makes me want to repeat history. Stupid, stupid history. I tell myself that's just the adrenaline from the kill. Neither I nor my brain believe that.

He grips my chin between his thumb and forefinger. "You think I'm gonna snitch on you, honey? Maybe you should ask yourself why you're not in jail right now and why the f**k I've been demoted from detective to late night patrol and desk work."

Jerking my chin from his grip, I think on that for a second, never taking my eyes off of him. "You didn't give us up?"

"No, ma'am."

I don't understand. "Why? You don't owe us anything."

His gaze moves down to my lips. My heart skips a beat as he mutters distractedly, "I'd do anything for another taste." Shaking his head, he answers with, "I know I don't owe you a damn thing. But it just didn't feel right."

Why can't I just be a normal teenager sometimes? "Listen, if this is because of the sex-"

His eyes narrow as he cuts me off with a dangerously calm, "It was more than sex and you know it." He regains composure quickly and adds, "It was because I support what Mirage is and what you do there. I'm a cop. I know how often people can get off on a technicality. And it's not right. You fix what I can't."

I can't help it. A part of me is so desperate for contact right now. When I reach out and place my hand on his chest, he wraps an arm around me. He lowers his face as I close my eyes. Our lips close, he runs his nose down mine.

My stomach flutters. But something isn't there.

He pecks my lips, softly, before pulling me closer and taking my mouth in a deep, controlled kiss.

Hmm.

This isn't how I remembered it. Eyes closed, an image is suddenly projected in my mind's eye. Xavier pulling me close in the kitchen, laughing out loud. What little feeling I had towards Marco immediately dissipates.

The hand against his chest pushes and he steps back. He watches me cautiously. "Sorry. Old habits, you know?"

I nod but remain silent.

After a moment, I ask more out of curiosity than anything, "So... you're letting me go, right?"

He lifts a hand and scratches at his short hair. I learned this is something of a nervous habit for Marco. "Yeah, honey. I'm letting you go." He looks away and mumbles, "Again." He walks away from me, but before he hits the street, he turns and states, "If you ever need help, any help at all, you call me. I'm at the precinct. My surname is Watts. Officer Mark Watts."

As he hits the street, I hear Marco call out an annoyed, "Put it away, Bob. I didn't hurt her. Fuck, man. Get a grip."

A car starts then takes off. Not a second later, Bob is by my side, holding me up. "You okay?"

I don't answer but wrap an arm around his waist as he walks me to the car. We get in and go along our way. Halfway home, Bob asks, "You want to talk about it? Any of it?"

I speak into the window as I lean my forehead on the cool glass. "No. Thanks."

"Okay. But you know I have to ask."

"Marco?"

He sighs, "Yeah."

Feeling bitter at losing my first lover and my best friend to shitty circumstances, I answer a cool, "No need to worry, Father Robert. Our secret is safe."

"You sure?"

My jaw steels. I respond in an icy tone. "I would bet your life on it."

We drive the rest of the way in complete silence.

Chapter Fifteen

I smile as I watch Tomas read a hundred miles a minute. He flicks through the pages of his biology textbook in record speed as he sits on the floor gently rocking. The funny thing is that although it looks as though he's not taking a thing in, I know he is.

Super smart, I think as I shake my head lightly.

Xavier is packing the rest of their things. They didn't come with much. I know it shouldn't be taking this long. My chest aches as I wonder whether Xavier is putting off leaving because he wants to stay. In my heart, I believe he wants to stay. That he wants to stay with me.

He's the first friend I've made in years. He's the first friend I've made outside of the church, outside of Mirage, period.

I walk across the room. Without a thought, I open up a juice box and bring it over to Tomas. He takes it without looking up and I smile sadly. We've already formed habits over the last week and a half. I'll be sad to give them up.

Kneeling behind him, I wrap my arms loosely around his neck and he stops rocking. I gently pull him back into me and squeeze him tightly. "I'm going to miss you. Who's going to feed me soggy cereal now?"

He puffs out a breath I can only assume is an attempt at laughter and pats my hand with his wrist. I press my lips to his cheek and try to ignore the thickness in my throat and the tingling in the bridge of my nose.

I still have Ari. I guess that's something.

Sniffling, I tell him, "Don't you let anyone tell you you're different or that something's wrong with you. You're exceptional. You're smart. And you're funny. You'll always have a friend in me, buddy. Always. If you ever need anything, you find a way to get to me." Standing, I pat his shoulder, "You come visit me when you can."

My legs straighten and the hairs at the back of my neck stand. I turn and see Xavier in the doorway, holding a black duffle bag. He looks different today. Smartly dressed in blue jeans, a black tee and sneakers. Cleanly shaven, his hair is styled as neatly as I've seen it. His eyes drift down to his brother then back up to me. With a jerk of his chin, he places the bag on the ground and opens his arms.

This is a bad idea.

It's a little known fact that when a woman is emotional, a hug usually tips the scale from I'm okay to dear God, will the pain ever stop.

But I need to be in those arms.

My feet move with a mind of their own till I'm safely cocooned in Xavier's hold. He wraps one arm around my waist and strokes my arm with the other while resting his chin on my head. There's something profoundly gentle about this hard man.

He speaks so quietly, my ears strain to hear him. "I know you're going to think this is bullshit, but you helped me through this." I bury my nose into his collarbone. I'm rewarded with a gentle squeeze. "You're a pistol, Cat. I don't know what I would've done without some little spoilt princess to argue with. Ouch!" He jumps away from me, chuckling, after I pinch the skin at his waist.

Grinning from ear to ear, he bites the tip of his tongue and I don't even try to hide my returning smile. "Well, seems I have something of a magnetic effect towards ass**les, so this friendship was bound to happen."

His amused gaze turns soft. "You're pretty cool, you know, for a nun and all."

I can't help but tease. "Thought I was a pistol."

His lip tilts at the corner. "Yeah, we already went through this. You're a pistol all right. But only for me."

My face heats.

Jesus, Mary and Joseph! When did our teasing become blatant flirting?

And why do I want to flirt back?

It's probably been a long time since he's been with a woman. You know, with prison and all. The last time he probably went on a date was with a guy names Bob in the last toilet stall.

My body shudders at the thought.

Standing close to him, I can't help but reach out and touch the back of his hand. "You ever need an escape, you come see me."

He looks up and away from me. "I can't always come here when I've got a problem, Cat. I need to learn to deal with things. I mean, f**k, I'm an adult. I have to start acting like one."

My fingers curl around his. I look him dead in the eye and repeat firmly, "If you ever need anything, come see us." He rolls his eyes and I know he's about to argue with me, so I fight dirty. "Please. For Tomas's sake."

His eyes narrow to slits. "When you fight, you f**kin' fight." He shakes his head and mutters, "Pistol."

Still holding onto him, I turn to watch the rocking back of a guy I've come to have strong feelings for. Although we can't communicate well, we get by okay. I make him smile. He makes me laugh. He has all the affection in the world saved up for me. And I would give him all of mine if I felt I had it in me to give.

Xavier breaks my thoughts with, "He's different with you."

"I know." My response is neither triumph nor gloating. My response is humbled and humbling.

His fingers play with mine. "I spent days wondering why. I mean, you weren't doing anything I wasn't. It took me a while to realise that even though we were essentially treating him the same, your delivery was a lot smoother than mine." His eyes dart sheepishly to mine. "Tomas doesn't respond well to anger."

No. He doesn't.

As we continue to stay in close proximity, touching, connecting, I chance a question I have no right to ask. "Why did you do it?"

His expression turns confused. "Do what?"

I speak softly, as if to soften the blow of my intrusive question, "Why did you do whatever is it you did to end up in prison when he needed you?"

His body stiffens.

I step closer to him, placing a gentle placating hand on his stomach. "I know I have no right to ask and I won't judge you by your answer, I'm just trying to understand. Friends do that kind of thing."

He looks at his brother. His eyes lose focus on everything else in the room. Tomas is his centre. But his answer is gut-wrenching. He whispers in agonising softness, "I did it to get away from him."

Chapter Sixteen

"There's something inside of me. Something bad. I fight it every damn day, Cat." His hand grips mine tightly, tight enough to hurt; although, he doesn't realise he does it. "I was mourning. We were mourning. But he needed me. And not just here or there, but all the f**kin' time. It was like I wasn't allowed to be sad or mad because Tomas needed me. Everything was Tomas this and Tomas that. I was everything he needed me to be. And I hated him for it." He turns to me, eyes void. "I resented him for being the way he is." His eyes close and he shuts them tightly as he whispers, "That night before I left him alone in the house, I called him a f**king retard, Cat."

Part of me wants to punch him. The other part wants to hold him. "You didn't mean it."

He opens his eyes and stares into me. "I did. I meant it. I said it to hurt him but I meant it."

Silence overtakes me. I'm not sure how I feel about this confession.

He nods slowly, averting his eyes. "I know. Fucked, right? He's my brother. I'm meant to protect him from all those ass**les out there, and there I was calling him a name I wouldn't call my worst enemy. And he knew. I saw the way he stopped rocking. I knew he knew what I'd said. He turned and walked away. And I taunted him. I told him I wished he'd never been born."

I pull my fingers from his and lean away.

He looks up at me and we both feel it.

Something has changed. Xavier is no longer the man needing a friend while he experiences a hard time in his life. He is no longer the trembling mess that arrived on our doorstep needing help.

I see something more. My brows bunch. He was right. There is something dark inside of him. Something that wants to come out to play. I see that cold darkness in myself. Perhaps that's why we have bonded so much in this short time. Maybe, for once, we need to be held. I crave affection as much as the next person, maybe more. I think Xavier does too. There is more to us than meets the eye.

I step away. "If you need anything..." I trail off and walk away.

If I don't walk away now, I'll beg them to stay.

***

I drag myself into the kitchen, still sore about Tomas and Xavier leaving us. As soon as I enter, I want to turn around and leave.

Alas. I've been spotted.

Michelle jumps to her feet from the small kitchen table. "Hey, Cat!"

She rushes over to me and wraps me up in a tight hug. After the day I've had, I take in her warmth. Without a second thought, I put an arm around her and squeeze. "Hi, Michelle, how are you?"

She releases me with a huge smile and I turn to Clark, who sits at the table eating his lunch. The relationship between Clark and me has been strained ever since the day he pulled up my garden. I mutter weakly, "Hey, Clark."

I'm not sure whether he's still angry at me about Marco or he's embarrassed about his reaction, but he doesn't respond, just jerks his chin in greeting. And it stings.

I didn't do anything wrong!

Keep telling yourself that.

Michelle quickly moves behind the counter. "Sit your buns down, girl. I'll make you some lunch." She starts pulling out bread and sandwich meat and just as I begin to protest, she places her hands up and orders firmly, "I said sit!"

I blink. For a little thing, she can deliver an order.

Knowing arguing is futile, I move to the table and take a seat next to Clark. He swallows, and then leans over to me. "It's okay. We'll be out of your way as soon as I eat."

I frown and answer just loud enough for him to hear. "Don't leave on my account. I'll go eat in my room."

He looks down at the table. "I- I just don't want you feeling uncomfortable is all. I know I f**ked up."

My face softens and I whisper, "We all have bad days and yes, your bad day was pretty epic, but I told you already, it's done and dusted. We're good." He looks up at me, shame in his eyes. I place a hand on his knee and look him in the eye. "We're good. I promise. There's no reason we can't all be friends."

He nods once, as if reassuring himself. "Well, if you're sure."

I sit back as Michelle darts out from behind the counter and places a plate in front of me. I blink down at it and mutter, "Wow." There's a sandwich, potato chips and fresh fruit in a little bowl all on the same plate. "This looks great. Thank you, Michelle. I'm suddenly starved."

She shrugs and blushes, "It's all part of working in a cafe, I suppose. I'm used to it."

I bite into my sandwich and moan. I could not have made this for myself. I garble, "Oh, man. This is good."

She winks before picking up her own sandwich. "It's the dressing. My own recipe."

I moan throughout my entire meal. This is quite possibly the best lunch I've had in... well... forever.

Michelle asks, "So the guests are gone?"

I nod and respond sullenly, "Yeah."

Clark watches me closely. "You sad to see him go?"

Him. I don't know which him he's referring to so I shrug and reply, "I'm sad to see them go." I place emphasis on them.

Clark looks over at Michelle then back to me. "Well, if you ever want to go visit them, Michelle works just a minute walk away from their house. When I go to see her next, you should tag along."

The offer has me stunned, near speechless. "Really?" He smiles and I ask, "Is tomorrow too early to visit?"

Michelle laughs closely followed by Clark's chuckle. "Nope. Tomorrow is totally doable."

And just like that, my bad mood crumbles.

Chapter Seventeen

I woke with a spring in my step. Knowing I was going to be seeing Xavier and Tomas was all I needed to get my groove back. I tried to call Frankie not long after I had breakfast but her phone went to voicemail. I left her a short message, but it was one I knew she'd smile listening to. "Did you know that it's impossible to sneeze with your eyes open? No, really. Try it. I dare you."

I hung up knowing that stupid message would make her day. I only wished she would call me back.

Ari and I have a job scheduled in for later tonight. A job that requires two people. Meaning two targets. I make a note to get the file details after my lunchtime visit.

My garden calls my name. It has been sorely neglected over the past two weeks. I hate to admit this, but as soon as it had been tainted by Clark's hate attack, I've not felt the same about it. It used to be a beautiful, bountiful place where I could gather strength through solitude. Now all I see are dying plants and a weak attempt at life.

My haven has been desecrated.

But I work it anyway. If I put enough care into it, it'll soon be the lush, green place I remember it to be. I know I need to tell Bob about my lunchtime visit but I'm worried. What if he tells me to keep my distance?

I'm not sure I'd obey.

My hand curls into a loose fist and knocks on the office door.

"Come in."

I open the door a crack and poke my head in. "Got a minute?"

He waves me in. "Problem?"

Pursing my lips, I stroll on in, shaking my head. "Problem? No. No problem."

His eyes narrow. "What do you want?"

"I was just going to tell you that I was going out with Clark for lunch today."

Nonchalance. Level: Expert.

His eyes narrow to slits. "Where will you be dining?"

Uh oh. He's onto me. "Well, Clark was going to have lunch with Michelle and I thought it would be nice to visit Tomas."

"And Xavier."

I nod. "Yes. And Xavier. Xavier will be there too."

He sighs, "Cat..." But I'm ready for him.

I sigh right back, "Bob. It's just a visit. An hour tops. They need a friend. You know they do."

He internally debates with himself before giving in. "Okay. But if I see this interfering with your work, it's over."

Excitement rushes through me. "It won't. I promise!"

As I all but skip out the door, Bob calls out, "Take your cell phone."

I shout back, "I will!"

Then it's off to visit my friends.

***

As we drive along, I fiddle with the radio. "This station is lame."

Clark bunches his nose and replies a sullen, "You're lame."

I chuckle and find a station I like.

Clark groans. "Anything but pop. Seriously. I will listen to redneck country over pop."

I roll my eyes. "It's just for ten minutes, then you can do what you like."

He mutters, "Yeah, yeah," but doesn't change the station.

As soon as we arrive into town, I sit up straighter in my seat. "Which house is it? How far away?"

Clark chuckles, "Old place, run down, blue gate. It's up a little further. You sure you don't want me to stay?"

I scoff, "No. I'll be fine. And I got Bob's okay. Not a fake okay either." I smile huge. "A real one!"

Clark grins, "All right. I was just trying to be a friend."

I look over at him. "That's the problem, I think. You're trying too hard. Just let it happen. It'll come naturally if you let it."

His face turns tortured. "I am so sorr-"

I cut him off with a swish of my hand. Wide-eyed, I utter an exasperated, "Will you stop already? Sheesh. We both know if I wanted to stop you, I could have. I also could have broken your arm. And your leg. And your neck if I wanted to."

He jaw steeled, he nods. After a moment silence, he mumbles, "Won't ever happen again. Promise."

I reach out and punch his shoulder playfully. "Better not. Or I'll pop a figurative cap in yo' ass."

He snorts and we both laugh.

The car begins to slow. "We're almost there. Blue gate."

Three houses down, I see it. A blue gate. A run down house. An overgrown yard. And I couldn't have been happier to be here.

I open the car door. Clark calls out, "Be back in an hour."

"Okay. See you then."

The gate creaks in protest as I try to open it. Rust has me working to push it in. I manage to get it open a wedge and follow the path to the house. As I reach the front door, my brows pull together.

The door is open.

"Hello? Xavier? Tomas? Anybody home?"

No one answers, so I make my way inside. My instincts tell me this isn't foul play. I call out again, "Xavier, are you home? It's Cat. The door was open. Tom?"

When I reach the living room, I stop in my tracks. I close my eyes tightly and exhale slowly.

I walk over to Xavier's limp body and press my fingers to his neck.

A light pulse.

Without a second thought, I pull out my phone and mutter, "You stupid son of a bitch." I dial Bob and he answers almost right away, "What's wrong?"

I nudge Xavier with the tip of my toe. "Oh, nothing. Just that Xavier is possibly overdosing and I can't find Tomas."

I flinch and pull the phone away as Bob roars, "Fuck!"

"What do I do?"

Bob answers a curt, "Put the ass**le on his side and monitor him till I get there. I'll call an ambulance."

I'm suddenly scared. "Bob..."

"If need be, I'll petition for custody of Tomas."

I close my eyes in relief. "Thank you."

A pause. "You're welcome, sweetie." A sigh. "Make sure the dickhead doesn't kill himself in the meantime. He owes me. And I'm going to collect."

I'm almost scared to ask. But I don't.

Instead, I do as I'm told, and wait for the ambulance.

Chapter Eighteen

The ambulance arrives just as Xavier begins to wake. The medics walk into the house as I kneel by his head and stroke his hair. As he looks up at me, he smiles distantly. "I like this dream."

I scowl and knock a knuckle onto his forehead. "This isn't a dream, bonehead. You were passed out cold. I couldn't wake you so I called an ambulance."

He blinks a moment before his eyes widen in fear. His body stiffens. "Where's Tomas?"

I want to be cruel and tell him Tomas is dead. I want for him to have the life scared out of him so maybe he thinks hard the next time he picks up a needle, or joint, or even a bottle. Instead, I look down at him and mutter, "I couldn't find him when I got here. He wasn't in the house."

He tries to sit up but I hold him down by the shoulders. One of the medics holds out a hand. "Easy there. You're okay now."

But he booms in panic, "Where the f**k is my brother?"

I stroke his forehead in a soothing gesture. "He's okay. He was at the library. I called. Clark picked him up and they're at the church." My fingers pause. "By the way, Father Robert wants a word with you."

The smaller male medic asks, "Sir, can you tell me if you've taken any non-prescription substances today?"

Xavier looks at the medic. His breathing heavies and his eyes dart back and forth. He looks up at me, distressed. "I couldn't sleep. I just wanted to get some sleep. I was so tired."

Running my thumbs down his temples, I ask, "Okay. What did you take to help you sleep?"

"I smoked some pot. That's all. I swear." From the pleading look in his eyes, I can tell he's being honest.

The medics aren't so convinced. They eye each other when one asks cautiously, "Sir, if you've taken anything else, we need to know about it. Anything we give you could have an adverse effect if you've taken something more. You need to be honest with us. No one here is judging you."

Speak for yourself.

He doesn't bother looking at them. He seems to only have eyes for me at this moment. "Nothing more, Cat. I swear."

"I believe you." He breathes a sigh of relief, but I don't let him get away that easily. "But it's not me you have to convince."

A medic states, "Sir, we'd like to take you in, make sure all your vitals are normal-"

Xavier's eyes flash. "I'm not going anywhere. I'm awake now. I'm fine. You can leave now."

The other medic starts, "Sir, you have the right to refuse treatment, but for the sake of your own safety, I'd advise you to come with us-"

"No," is said so harshly, I still.

The medics look to me for support. I suppose I should at least try. "Xavier, you worried me. For a second there, I was scared you were dead. Please let them look you over."

He suddenly looks torn. After a moment's contemplation, he utters to the medics, "You can look me over right here. I'm not going anywhere."

Stubborn mule of a man.

I watch the medics measure his blood pressure, shine lights into his eyes and ask him questions. As they're packing up to leave, Xavier reaches out to touch my hand. Unconsciously, I move closer to his now seated position on the sofa. We look into each other a long while before he mutters, "You were scared."

I don't respond. I was more angry than scared. But, yes, I was scared. For a split second.

He continues, "If you were scared this time, how many other times has Tomas been scared? No wonder he was always so angry at me. If I die, he goes back into foster care. If he goes back into foster care, he'll slip through the cracks of a system that would rather place him in an old folk's home than provide home care for him."

My eyes widen a little.

Oh Lord. I think it's happened.

I think Xavier has finally had his epiphany.

A smile threatens to escape, but I urge it down. Now is not the time to celebrate. "Yes. If he loses you, he's just another number in the system. He won't have a face or name. He'll just be another file."

He grips my hand tighter. "I can't let that happen. I won't."

I squeeze back. "Then fight for him."

The medics are packed up and ready to leave. They try one last attempt to have Xavier come to the hospital. "Okay, well, if you don't need us, we're heading off. Nice to see you on your feet, son, but lay off the weed. I'd still like for you to come have a full exam..." Xavier is already shaking his head. The medic sighs, "All right then. Good luck to you, son."

The ambulance leaves soon after. Xavier sits there, holding my hand, looking out the window. "I f**ked up. Again."

I'm at war with myself. My emotions are confusing me. From wanting to beat the ever-loving shit out of him, I now want to comfort this mixed up man. "You're allowed to f**k up every now and again. You're only human. But you have to want to be a better person. Not just for Tomas, but for yourself, too."

He blinks. His expression turns intense. "I'm going to do it. I'm going to be a better person. For me." He turns to me. "I need to get Tomas."

I cringe. "Well, there's a slight situation there." I shrug. "Father Robert said you owe him."

Confusion mars his face. "And?"

I pat his hand and utter a sympathetic, "Oh, boy. You just put yourself in a situation even I never want to be in. When Father Robert says you owe him, he means it."

Still confused. "I don't understand."

I stand and pick up my cell phone. I dial the number and hit send. Placing the phone to my ear, I turn to Xavier and respond in all seriousness. "Sorry, bub. He owns you now."

Chapter Nineteen

Xavier doesn't say much on the drive back to the church. And I'm not sure why. This angry man has yet to say a word since I called Father Robert to come get us. As soon as he crossed the threshold of the front door, I knew this was not Father Robert.

This was Bob.

And Bob was pissed.

Uh oh.

He pointed at Xavier and curled his lip. "This is how you repay me for taking you in? Scaring the shit out of Cat and your brother?" Surprisingly, Xavier didn't lower his head. Even more surprising was when he lifted his chin and said in a steady voice, "I know I f**ked up. There's no excuse. I'm sorry."

Bob placed his hands on his hips and eyed Xavier. "Pack a bag, one for you, one for Tom. You got ten minutes to get your shit together or I'm leaving without you. Then you can find your own way back to the church. You're staying with us indefinitely."

No argument.

Xavier stood, walked down the hall and started packing.

I look up at Bob who was cursing under his breath. When he gained composure, he looked up at me "Looks like you're getting your friends back, girl."

I tried not to let my excitement show, but due to my fidgeting and attempt to suppress my gigantic smile, Bob could see right through me. He rolled his eyes, turned and walked out onto the porch muttering, "What have I gotten myself into?"

We drove in complete silence. No radio. No small talk. The tension in the air thickened with every single second passed.

When we pull up to the church, Bob stops the car. He looks at me from the rear-view mirror to where I sit in the back seat. "You head on in. We'll be there in a while." He side-eyes Xavier, his voice low. "I need to have a talk to Xavier here."

Oh, crap.

I've heard that tone before. And if history is anything to go by, Xavier's in deep shit. As in, a mountain of it.

Knowing better than to argue with Bob, I exit the car, but before I do, I reach over and squeeze Xavier's shoulder in what I hope is a reassuring gesture. I step out and close the door. The car drives away and I sigh out loud. With a shake of my head, I turn and head up into the church. Suddenly, I smile and walk faster. I need to find Tomas.

We have soggy cereal to eat.

Chapter Twenty

Ari, Clark and I stare, mouths gaping in shock.

"Bob..." I say weakly, but I can't even finish my sentence. This... this just doesn't feel right.

Let's rewind here.

After Bob and Xavier returned from there little car ride - when I say little, I mean they were gone for close to three hours... not that I was counting or anything - Xavier walked right past me, went into the room he stayed in previously and didn't come out till sometime after dinner. Bob retreated to his office for about the same amount of time before he walked into the kitchen and quietly asked, "Tomas in bed?"

I went to work washing our dishes from dinner. "Yeah. He had a long day. He went out like a light."

He tapped a finger on the counter in a nervous gesture. "Okay, good. I'm calling a meeting. Real soon."

My body went rigid. "What's wrong? Is it Frankie?"

His face soft, he walked over to me and placed his hands on my shoulder. "Oh, no, sweetie. She's fine. I swear."

I almost pouted. Almost. "Then why hasn't she called me back?"

He gripped the back of my neck and pulled me close, not caring about my wet hands. I wrapped an arm around him as he rested his chin on my head. "I know her leaving has been hard on you, but you need to think about how she's feeling. You have us. She's alone. And pregnant. I'm confident in saying that she's feeling a little worse than you are."

My anger at him began to rise. I near growled. "Then let her come home."

But he ignored me, placed a kiss to my forehead and walked away uttering, "Meeting. Half hour. Right here."

Half hour passed quick enough. Soon Ari, Clark and I sat around the small table and waited in silence. Whatever was coming, we knew it wasn't good.

Bob and Xavier came in from the back door. Xavier had his hands in his pockets wearing a face of stone.

That's when Bob announced, "Meet the newest member of our team. Xavier. Codename: Mad Hatter."

No one said a word.

All I could think to myself as I stared at Xavier was, "You sold yourself. Now you'll never be free."

May God have mercy on your soul.

Chapter Twenty-One

My family is falling apart.

Frankie is gone. Bob is here, but not really here at all. Ari disappears for hours at a time. And Clark is still uncomfortable around me, no matter how much effort we put into our strained friendship.

In a moment of madness, I think about calling Marco just to hear a friendly voice. Luckily, that moment of madness is just that. A moment. Xavier hasn't said a word to me from yesterday. And I know in my heart that he's disappointed in us. In me. I can see the hurt inside of him. He doesn't want this. But that's what happens when you make a deal with the devil. Any time something sounds too good to be true, it usually is.

With Xavier walking the grounds with Tomas, I am bored out of my mind. I think about tagging along, but something tells me to keep my distance from Xavier right now.

He needs time to adjust.

I was born into this. This has been my entire life. I don't know any different. For anyone else, the change would be astronomical. I don't blame him for feeling betrayed. I would, too.

My garden doesn't need attending, and is looking greener and healthier each passing day, so I sit quietly on the bench under the large oak and contemplate life. In a spontaneous decision, I stand and walk over to the barn. I key in my code and enter. I try not to look suspicious, but my motivations are not good ones. I know Clark is at lunch and Ari is in the church with Bob, leaving me alone in Mirage.

As I reach the first floor, I hesitate. I mentally argue with myself, and win. Without a second thought, I make my way down the stairs to the ground floor. I stand by the two desks. Both computer monitors are on. I don't like the idea of intruding in someone else's workplace, so I sit at Marco's old desk.

All this thought about family has my mind reeling with unanswered questions. Questions it's time were resolved.

Who am I?

Where did I come from?

Do I have any living biological family? Maybe brothers or sisters?

My heart swells with hope. That would be awesome.

I'm prompted to type in my username and password. I do and a window opens.

Full access.

I've been granted full access to the Mirage database. Excitement makes my head pound.

I start by scanning my bio and alternate identification documents. I quickly view the photographs. Some I have posed for, some candid. Shot from far away. When I get to the tab marked history, my eyes widen and my throat tightens.

This is it.

Swallowing hard, I click on the tab. A small window comes up. I frown.

Access Denied. Enter Password.

Access denied? Access denied?

Are you kidding me right now? Why the f**k am I denied access to my own history? Anger heats my cheeks. I start keying in codes that might possibly work.

CatarinaWhite.

Denied.

Mirage.

Nope.

FatherRobert.

Try again.

RobertWhite.

Better luck next time, kid.

BobWhite.

Denied, denied, freaking denied.

I push away from the table with a huff. Frustration has my hands shaking. I'm so close. I can feel it. There's something important there. I refuse to feel the stinging behind my eyes and take a deep breath. I inhale then exhale slowly, forcing the anger out of me.

Blinking, I pull myself forward and try again.

NightFury.

Access denied.

Okay. I take a breath and think. I wrack my brain for something - anything - that might help. But nothing comes. My shoulders slump. In a last ditch attempt, I lazily type without feeling.

CatarinaNightFuryWhite.

I hit the enter key hard and drop my forehead to the desk. Head meet desk. I chuckle silently. Seems appropriate. This was probably a good thing. No point in dwelling in the past forever. How am I supposed to have a good future if I can't move on? I can't change things.

Resolve has me standing and logging out of the computer. Just as I'm about to hit the escape button, my heart skips a beat.

The file is open.

Three files are inside.

The first I open is a scanned document. It's my adoption papers. I skim over it with wide eyes. In the area where it says previous guardian, someone has scribbled: state.

Well that doesn't help.

The second file is an image. When I click it, I stare openly at what comes up.

Tears blur my vision as I take in what I'm sure is my only photograph as a baby. And what's better, it's with Bob. A much younger looking Bob cradles me with his shirt sleeves rolled up and his collar unbuttoned. He looks down at me with a smile. A loving smile. It makes me smile right here in the now. As a baby, I had long black lashes. Dressed in only a diaper and a white baby tank, I grip his collar tightly and shove it in my mouth; with the other hand, I reach up to place a chubby hand on his cheek.

I look in awe.

I was a pretty cute kid.

I take in that image for a long while before I print a copy, close the file and move on to the next. My fingers waste no time in opening the last file, and when it pops up, I almost faint.

My palms sweat and my neck heats. I'm having a hard time swallowing. I could be wrong, but I think I'm looking at my birth certificate.

Mother.

Carmela DeVito.

Father.

Nick Bianco.

I mentally read in wonder.

My name was Bianca DeVito. I guess my father didn't want me. Which I guess is cool because otherwise, I'd be named Bianca Bianco.

My face contorts into a grimace. Talk about tragic.

I was born on August 15th, 1995. That's my current birthday. Looks like Bob didn't have the heart to change it.

I know I should let sleeping dogs lie, but let's be honest... Who would?

My fingers glide the mouse over the desktop and I bring up the FBI database. I type in my mother's name and wait. A minute later her file opens. My stomach flips when I see the face of my mother for the first time.

She was a pretty thing. Dark hair, big brown eyes. She was petite and slim. Her mouth had a natural pout. Before I can stop myself, I print the photo.

I spend time reading her file, although there isn't much to read. She was a no one. An anybody. She was a civilian. Just a normal person.

I could have been normal.

My heart sinks. She died two months after I was born. My gut twists. It seems she was killed by my father. She was strangled to death, and my father killed her. I read on. Nick Bianco went to jail for her murder where he died in jail. He hung himself.

My heart begins to race. Fury courses through my veins. The coward hung himself. I don't even know my father, but I hate him. I go back to the main search page and type in Nick Bianco. I wait patiently for his file to come up and when it does, I wheeze out a breath.

The file photo taunts me.

My father wears a smirk in his mug shot. His eyes are dark and evil. He stares into the camera with pride. Trembling, I breathe hollowly. The blood drains right out of me. My life is crumbling before my eyes.

My father is Bob.

End of Act Two

