I don't go into Starbucks very often, but when I do, I see him.

He sits in the far corner, his back to the wall, cowboy-like, as in, no one can sneak up on him. He's your typical Starbucks geek. Laptop, headphones, wires everywhere. A too-big phone sitting next to him. Like most Starbuckians, he appears to be hard at work on something, tapping away furiously, only sometimes pausing to look off into the near distance. Or the far distance. Or perhaps he's checking out an ass or two. How the hell would I know?

Either way, he seemed to work as hard or harder than most of the other Starbucks geeks. Typing, typing, typing. Fingers flying, keys being hit with vigor, energy and confidence.

He's also a big guy. Not as big as Kingsley-few are-but certainly big enough. He might have been handsome if not for his slightly-too-big head. Also, I didn't like his half-ass beard, somewhere between a real beard and something Don Johnson might have worn in the 80's. Pick a beard or not, big guy. At least, that's what I say.

Anyway, the only reason we've been hitting this Starbucks is that Tammy has developed a penchant for coffee. Go figure. The madness all started when a relative gave her a Starbucks card last Christmas. Who gives an eleven-year-old a Starbucks card? At any rate, her new favorite drink is a caramel macchiato, and so these days, when I'm in a particularly good mood (or if I'd recently cashed a client's check, which is just as rare) she and I would hit up the local Starbucks.

A vampire at Starbucks. Why not?

Not often, granted. A nine dollar coffee filled with enough sugar to fuel a Smart Car wasn't something I was very keen on. But...my daughter liked them. I suspected sitting in a Starbucks, drinking her flavored coffee, also made her feel like an adult.

I wasn't sure how I felt about that, but she seemed happy, and I liked when my kids were happy. So sue me.

Anyway, business must have been good this month because we'd been in nearly every week-and each time there he was:

The blond guy with the pseudo beard and big head, his back to the wall, was pounding away at his keyboard again. Who he was, I didn't know. But I found myself drawn to him. I suppose he wasn't hideous to look at, but he certainly wasn't my type. I don't generally go for blondes, and I most certainly don't go for half-assed beards.

Still, there was something about him. I'd noticed it before but had mostly ignored it. After all, I had enough men in my life. Too many, some would say.

I was certain my interest in him wasn't romantic. No, there was something else about him. Something intriguing...and familiar. I generally keep a low profile, and I'm certainly not one for catching up with old friends. Old friends asked a lot of questions.

Was he an old friend? I didn't know, but I was sure I knew him from somewhere. And, as we ordered our drinks today-a carmel foo foo drink for Tammy and a bottle water for me-I found myself glancing over at him again and again.

And, yes, today I had cashed another client check. Wahoo! A nice-sized one, too, although my client, I suspected, had seriously considered not paying me.

Bad idea.

You see, I had been promised a bonus if I found something-a hidden treasure of all things-and I had. Except a crazy ghost had had other plans. Yes, a ghost...who very much didn't want me to reveal the location of his treasure. So, instead of disclosing the location of the buried fortune, I had shown my client evidence of its existence. I had, after all, been hired to find the treasure, not reveal the location.

Yes, a loophole in my agreement. My client had not been pleased. That might cost me a bad review on Angie's List, but that was a price I was willing to pay. In the end, a dead man got his wish, I got my bonus, and now here we were at Starbucks. Life goes on.

As Tammy placed her complicated order, sounding like a true Starbuckian, I glanced over at the blond guy writing in the corner. He wore one of those 1920's paperboy caps. Sometimes called duck-billed caps. Nerdy, but kind of cute, too. He wore his at a slight angle. Jaunty.

As we waited for our drinks, Tammy launched into a rather elaborate and disturbingly well-thought-out plan to have Anthony, her younger brother, move in with their dad so that we girls could have the house alone. When she was done, I told her that a) that wasn't going to happen and b) she would miss Anthony whether she wanted to admit it or not.

"I won't miss his farting."

"No one would miss his farting, Tammy."

"Maybe he can live with dad half the time."

"Or not."

"But-"

"No buts. Not even Anthony's stinky butt."

Tammy giggled, and when our drinks were ready, I led Tammy over to a table and told her to sit and wait for me.

"You're going to talk to that man," she said. My daughter, you should know, is a world class mind reader.

"Yes," I said, "and it's not polite to read other people's minds."

"Well, you keep looking at him."

"I know."

"Who is he?"

"I don't know," I said. "But I'm going to find out."

* * *

"Hi," I said, except I'm pretty sure he didn't hear me. So I leaned down and waved just over his laptop.

That got his attention. He gasped a little and looked up. He was wearing pink-yes, pink-headphones with the words "Virgin Airlines" written on them. He pulled them off, slipping them down around his neck. As he did so, I caught what might have been some New Agey music. I didn't take the big guy as an Enya type, but go figure.

"Hi," I said again.

He smiled and sat forward and promptly knocked his iced coffee off the table. As it went flying, I reached down almost casually and caught it before it got very far. I returned it to its wet ring on the table next to his keyboard.

"You better be careful," I said. "I hear iced coffee is hell on keyboards."

He stared at the coffee that, just a few seconds earlier had been flipping through the air. He looked up at me, his mouth hanging open a little. I get that a lot these days.

"Er, right. Thank you..." his voice trailed off. "That was incredible."

I shrugged. "Lucky catch."

"No, I mean...that might have been the coolest thing I've ever seen."

"Then you need to get out more," I said. "This seat taken?"

He blinked some more, then shook his head. He had been prepared to work today. He had been prepared to lose himself in whatever it was that he was writing. He hadn't been prepared to have a nosy woman with superhuman reflexes sit across from him.

I set his leather saddle bag on the floor beneath the table. Cool bag. I sat opposite him.

"I've seen you here before," I said.

"I've seen you, too," he said.

This actually surprised me. Never once had I seen him look up from his keyboard.

"Are you a writer?" I asked.

"Is it that obvious?"

"Either that or you really, really hate your laptop."

He grinned. I grinned. We studied each other some more. My inner alarm remained silent. Always a good sign. We did this for another twenty seconds. The silence was not uncomfortable or unpleasant.

I continued studying him. Full lips, short beard, hint of gray in his beard. Lots of laugh lines. Could probably use some lotion on his skin. Strong hands. Nails chewed. Bad habit. He wore a v-neck tee-shirt. Chest hair poking out. A ring on his right hand. A thick squarish watch on his left. North Face jacket hanging on the chair behind him. Nice jacket. Nothing about him suggested that I knew him.

And yet...I did know him. I was sure of it. "You're probably wondering why I'm sitting here," I said.

He reached for the recently-saved coffee. As he drank, he continued to take me in, his eyes going from my hair to my face to my body, scanning. They might have lingered on my boobs a little. I'll give him a pass. This time.

"I think I know why you're here," he said. I waited for it, expecting the worst. And by worst, I meant some cheesy come-on line. Instead, he surprised me by saying, "You think you know me, and it's killing you."

I nodded, impressed. "Something like that."

"Or maybe you're here because you like my beard."

"No," I said. "I don't."

"Really?"

"Really."

He sighed. "Well, I like it."

"Someone has to."

"Ouch," he said, but smiled anyway.

He set his drink down and glanced at his laptop when a ping sounded. I would know that ping from anywhere. It was an instant message, or an IM. Fang and I had used IMs often in the past. The big blond writer ignored the IM. On impulse, I reached out with my mind to see if I could get a read on him and was surprised that he was completely closed off to me. Another immortal? Interesting, as only immortals were closed off to me.

He nodded after a moment and said, "Yeah, you seem familiar. Actually, you seem really, really familiar."

"I bet you say that to all the girls."

"No," he said. "Just the ones who sit across from me at Starbucks and who look so damn familiar that it's driving me crazy." He paused and pretended to think about it. "So, I guess maybe once a day."

I laughed. No, I snorted, which made him laugh. I heard Tammy giggling behind us. My telepathic daughter would be picking all of this up. Yes, my kids are weird. And, no, I wouldn't trade them for the world.

"Did I used to date you?" I suddenly asked.

He laughed some more and looked me over again. To the betterment of his health, he didn't linger on my boobs this time. Good boy. Someone raised him well. He said, "Oh, I would remember if I used to date you."

"Is that a compliment?" I asked

"Very much so."

"Good, then I won't have to give you a public nugie."

"A public nugie?"

"Yeah, you want one after all?"

He raised his hand and laughed hard. Easy to get along with. Effortless familiarity. God, I knew him from somewhere. I tried again to penetrate his thoughts. No luck. An immortal? Geez, he didn't seem immortal. He seemed very normal. Too normal.

When he was done laughing, he said, "You sound kind of badass."

"I have to be."

"And why's that?"

"I've got two kids."

He nodded. "Mad mom in minivan and all that?"

"Close," I said, thinking of my minivan parked just outside the doors here, a minivan with a fresh dent along the passenger side fender, a dent that was the result of me backing into a shopping cart. Lord knows my inner warning system goes haywire when someone has ill intentions for me, but far be it to alert me when I'm about to put a $700 dent in my van.

Stupid warning system.

I studied him some more. The beard. The blue eyes. The chipped front teeth. The overbite. Jesus, this was driving me crazy.

"It's driving you crazy, isn't it?" he asked, grinning. He seemed to be enjoying this a hell of a lot more than I was. The bastard.

"Bonkers," I said. I chewed my lip. Tapped my nails on the circular, slightly scarred table. I asked him where he went to high school. He told me. No dice. But his high school hadn't been very far, just a city away.

"What year did you graduate?" he asked.

I told him. He shook his head, reached for his iced coffee. When he was done sipping from it, he set it back into the wet ring. Bullseye.

We next went through friends, jobs, boyfriends, and girlfriends. There was no connection anywhere. No friends of friends. Nothing. His name, I learned, was Jon.

"Maybe we sat next to each other on an airplane trip," he offered. "Or shared a seat on a train."

"Maybe."

"Maybe our eyes met across a crowded room, and we've never forgotten each other."

"Romantic, but no."

"Maybe I know you from another life," he suggested.

Okay, that hit me. Another life. Another time. Another place. And something in the here and now was tugging at me, reminding me that I knew him. Great. "Maybe," I said.

"But there's no way to know for sure," he said. "And that sucks."

"Totally," I said, then, feeling defeated, motioned to his laptop. "So what are you working on, Hemingway?"

"A novel."

"What kind of novel?"

"A murder mystery."

I snapped my fingers. "Maybe I've read one of your books."

"Did you just snap your fingers?"

I giggled a little. "Yes." God, he was so easy to get along with. "What's your name?"

"John Grisham."

I stared at him, knowing my mouth had dropped open stupidly. "Really."

"No, that was a joke."

I shook my head and looked back at Tammy who was happily slurping from her drink and kicking her feet, watching us, listening to us. Even from across the room. Weird kids, I thought.

Hey, she shot back.

I smiled and gave her a small wave. She stuck her tongue out at me.

"Your kid?" he asked.

"My monster."

"She's cute for a monster," he said.

I like him, thought Tammy.

Shh, I hissed silently. And stop being so nosy.

"So what do you do?" he asked.

"I'm a private investigator."

"Serious?"

"Serious as my mortgage payment."

"I used to be a private eye," he said.

I snapped my head up. "Maybe that's it. Maybe that's where I know you."

"I doubt it. I worked in L.A. and mostly I worked alone."

"Damn."

He grinned. "Double damn."

"So, you write books under Jon?"

"No, I use a pen name."

I raised my eyebrows. Maybe I had read his books after all. "What's your pen name?"

He looked at me for a long moment. "No," he finally said.

"No, what?"

"No, I won't tell you."

My heart sank even as my frustration rose. "I could make you tell me."

"Because you're a mad mom in a minivan?"

"Because I have my ways," I said. "Why won't you tell me your pen name?"

"Because this is more fun."

"To walk off into the sunset and we'll always wonder?"

"Something like that. Except I'm going to get into my SUV and drive over to my sister's house for dinner."

"I hate you."

"No you don't."

I stuck my tongue out at him. "Yes, I do."

He laughed some more and began gathering his bags, and as he did so, I noticed the time on his watch was two hours fast.

"Your watch is off," I said.

He frowned and looked down. "Off?"

"It's two hours fast."

He looked again. "No it's the right time." He looked at me as I'd lost my marbles. Maybe I had. I looked at the time on my iPhone. Yup, his was two hours off. I showed him the time difference.

He leaned over and looked. "Weirdness."

Then, when he had everything packed, he turned to me and said, "Well, it was certainly fun meeting you, whoever you are."

"Don't you want my name?"

"No."

"Rot in hell," I said, and crossed my arms.

He laughed loudly, throwing back his head. When he was done, he slung his cool satchel over his shoulder. "Till we meet again."

"Bastard."

He smiled and nodded and left through the side doors. As he passed Tammy, he gave her a small wave. She smiled and waved back.

Once outside, he looked back at me through the big glass window. He winked, adjusted his bag, and, no, he didn't disappear or fade away. He walked beyond the window and out of sight. No doubt to his SUV.

Whoever the hell he was.

The End

Vampire vs. Bigfoot

I've lived in many places and in many times.

For now, Seattle suits me. If Twilight got anything right, it's that overcast days play less havoc on vampires. Not much less, granted, but enough.

Unlike Twilight, I don't live with an adopted family of vampires. I live alone, as I have for many centuries. And as I pulled up to my current home, I actually had to think hard about how many centuries it has been.

Four of them. Four hundred and seventy-two years, to be exact.

Almost five centuries.

A half of a millennium.

Jesus, I'm old. And rich. After all, a vampire acquires a lot of money in five hundred years, and my own was spread liberally around banks the world over, not to mention secret stashes of gold and silver in various caves and beaches.

And now here I was, in Seattle, living yet another life, in another place, another time. The world continues on. People come and go. Technologies expand. Waistlines expand, too. But I will always be twenty-five.

Forever young, as they say.

I pull into my garage and shut off the car, which I sit in as the garage door grinds shut behind me. I could do anything, of course. Go anywhere, be anyone. There are people out there-very talented and corrupt people-who can turn you into anyone, in any country.

But, for now, I am staying put, living among the hippies and hipsters and baristas. Why? Why do I deal with the rain and gloom and cold?

The answer might surprise you.

Then again, it might not.

After all, Washington State is known more than just for its legal pot, gay marriages and trendy coffee shops.

It's known for something monstrous stalking its woods.

Yes, I'm here to hunt the ultimate prize.

I'm here to hunt Bigfoot.

* * *

Don't laugh.

I'm being serious. I've tasted all types of man and woman and child. All ethnicities, all age ranges. I've feasted on the very old to the very young. Yes, I'm a monster. I've never claimed to be otherwise. I have feasted on puppies and bear cubs, on lions and endangered rhinos. Yes, I am a monster.

And now I will hunt and feast upon the greatest prize of them all.

That is, of course, if he really exists.

* * *

I've spent many months planning and plotting.

I've even watched some of those ridiculous shows on TV, those shows that are all growl and no results.

Foolish mortals. Yes, I say that in jest, but it's the truth. Never send a human to do what a vampire can do better. I am, of course, the perfect hunting machine. My ears can pick out the smallest sounds, the slightest rustling-breathing from across great distances. My eyes see deep into the dark. Hell, to my eyes, there is no dark. The night is alive with incandescent light. And I'm fast. So much faster than those bumbling idiots weighed down by camera equipment and backpacks.

I will wear nothing but the clothing on my back.

It will just be me and them.

And I will find them, to.

Oh yes, I will.

The ultimate prize.

* * *

The woods are dark.

But not to my eyes. No, to my eyes, the woods are alive with supernaturally bright filaments of lights. Thousands of them, millions of them. All melding together to illuminate the night. At least, for creatures like me.

Hunters like me.

It is late, perhaps 2:00 in the morning. I have about four hours left before sunrise. And when the sun does rise, I want to be long gone...with a belly full of a rare and very prized blood source.

I'm in a prime spot along the Olympic Peninsula. In fact, not far from the now famous Forks, with its glittering vampires. Lord, we are so much more than fictional heroes...or villains. Writers only partially get our stories right. Mostly they get us wrong. Granted, I've made it my life purpose to cover my tracks, to conceal my true nature. But a few of us get sloppy, and a few of us even fall in love with mortals. I don't fall in love. I take what I want.

Like now, for instance.

Now, I want to taste the blood of this legendary creature. This sasquatch. Yes, legendary even to vampires. You see, we vampires don't know all, see all. We're not plugged into some supernatural network. I, like the bungling idiots you see on TV, have to find them just like everyone else.

Except, of course, I will find them.

All I want is one.

One beautiful creature to feed upon. One beautiful creature to destroy. To claim, to be conquered by me.

Yes, I'm the asshole of the vampire world.

Pray you don't cross paths with me.

* * *

Speaking of paths, I find myself on a narrow one now.

A game trail, no doubt, one that winds through thick ferns and stinging nettle. Of course, unlike with mortals, the stinging lasts only seconds. It's good to be me. Bad to be anything I'm hunting.

Like sasquatch.

Speaking of which, I am in a location along the densely forested peninsula that was considered a hotbed for bigfoot sightings. I know this because I feasted on the director of a popular Bigfoot organization just last night. Such a shame he died tragically in a house wire. Damn faulty wires.

I chuckled now as I moved stealthily through the forest, my hiking boots whispering over tree roots, compacted dirt and fallen leaves. I doubted even an alert dog would hear me. Hell, I barely heard me...and that's saying something.

I sensed something out here. Something that was neither animal nor human. What that something was remained to be seen. Or remained to be feasted upon.

Centuries of hiding-hell, millenniums of hiding-were about to be undone in one wild night of hunting. By a real hunter.

By a vampire.

Quickly I moved through the forest, pausing only briefly to listen, to sniff the air-sasquatches are known for giving off a tremendous stink-and to feel. Yes, feel. Vampires use a sort of sixth sense. An ability to feel our way through any situation.

Like I said, we are the ultimate hunters.

I was thinking about that now, reveling in my, well, greatness, when something thunderous crashed into me.

* * *

Rarely have I been hit so hard.

In fact, I could never think of a harder impact, especially one that sent me tumbling head over ass through a tangle of blackberry bushes.

And I mean a tangle. As I extricated myself from the thorny vines, I was a bleeding mess. But, being who I am, the wounds healed quickly.

As the kids say, that's how I roll.

I carefully scanned my surroundings. Whatever had hit me was gone, having slipped back into the shadows, hidden even from my near-perfect night vision.

I heard a whispering of sound to my right, perhaps the slightest brush of a foot over leaves-remember, nothing escapes my hearing-when something slammed into me hard enough for me to believe I was in the path of a charging rhino. Which I had been once, before I feasted upon the creature (and made it appear to have been a poacher's handiwork).

Anyway, there was no rhino in these forests. There was, in fact, nothing big enough in the Olympic Peninsula to hit me as hard as I had been hit. And as stealthily. Grizzly bears had long been pushed to extinction in Washington State. And black bears were far too slow and loud and stupid to hit me with such precision, silence and strength.

So what had hit me?

I didn't know, but whatever was out there had me spinning around as I scrambled to my feet, had me looking wildly over my shoulders and behind me and up into the trees-had me feeling, well, mortal.

And for the first time in a long, long time, I felt fear. Real fear.

I hate when that happens.

So I continued scanning the forest, feeling my heart thumping in my chest for the first time in years. I could not think of the last time that anyone-or anything-had gotten the upper hand on me.

The forest was silent.

No, not quite silent. I can hear what might be breathing. Except it's coming from seemingly everywhere at once. I keep turning in circles, doing my damndest to get a handle on what is out here; in particular, on what is taking these small, shallow, controlled breaths.

I reached out with my mind. I can do this. I can do many things to hunt and kill and feed. Except I was having difficulty focusing now. Knowing there was something out there, something seemingly faster and stronger than me was unnerving.

Impossible, I think. I am the greatest hunter. The most successful hunter.

I hear my own breathing now which is strange, since I don't need to breathe. No, I was breathing out of an old habit. A habit of fear. A fear of being hunted.

There. I hear another sound. A tree branch snapping, and now I was moving quickly, covering the open space of the forest floor quickly, pouncing upon the site where I'd just heard the snap-

Except there's nothing here.

I turn again, spinning, when something reaches around my neck, something much bigger than me, something more powerful than anything I'd ever experienced before. Something inhuman. Hell, something not of this earth.

It is a hand, clamped around my throat, lifting me off the ground.

I fight it, using my own great strength, strength that has hunted and killed and maimed and spread fear around the globe for centuries.

Except I...couldn't...fight it.

Oh, sweet Jesus.

This isn't happening.

The hand continues squeezing, and rising, lifting me off my feet. My hiking shoes dangle as I continued fighting, struggling, even as I felt my neck being literally crushed.

Now, I hear the sounds of more heavy footfalls.

I hear grunts, too.

And deep-throated growls.

Coming from seemingly everywhere.

I feel my eyes bulging, slowly being forced from their sockets as the powerful hand continued squeezing.

Hazy images take shape before me.

Huge images. Hairy images. Unspeakably horrible images. The images surround me, watch me curiously, heads tilted...

My vision is fading quickly. The pain is excruciating, unbearable. Even my supernatural ability to heal myself can not keep up with the steady pressure. Still, I fight the clawed hand. The clawed and hairy hand. I dig into it, raking it with my nails, but this only causes the creature to squeeze harder and harder.

The others draw closer, turning their heads curiously, and as their mouths open, I smell ungodly stinks, even as their mouths drip saliva.

The snap I hear is my own neck.

And it is only when the creatures descend upon me, tearing at my flesh and making wet feasting sounds, do I realize that the hunter has been the hunted.

The End

The Bull

I am a superhero.

Well, kind of. If you call a hulking man with a tail and two horns and a bad attitude a superhero, well, I'm your man.

Or whatever the hell I am.

Anyway, I wasn't always this strong-or this weird looking. I wasn't always known as The Bull. No, there was a time that I was very much like you. I call those the simple times: back when I only had to worry about paying my rent or what TV show to watch, or, if I hadn't paid my cable bill, what DVD to watch, or, if I hadn't paid my electricity, what Starbucks to hang out in, or, well, you get the idea.

Yes, there was some stress. Having creditors on your ass sucks. Not knowing if you will have enough money to get through the month sucks. Working for a pittance sucks.

But nothing-and I mean nothing-compares to the shit I put up with now.

I went from wild panic attacks from not making rent, to nearly daily heart attacks fighting villains. And it all started with that damn bull.

Every superhero has an origin story. Here's mine:

I used to be a rodeo clown.

And not a very good one, either. Hence my inability to find steady work. Still, I would occasionally get "the call" as we call it. That is, when a real rodeo clown gets sick or injured, they keep some of us in the Rolodex. Luckily, I live in Rustic City, Arizona, arguably the rodeo capital of the world. So, yes, on any given day or night there is a rodeo in town.

So, the moment I get the call, it's a mad rush to get the makeup on. Once done, I'm out the door, hauling ass in my old Hyundai. Mad clown in a clunker. More than once I'd been pulled over. And don't let anyone fool you. Clowns don't make everyone happy, especially cops. And kids. More often than not, as I waited at a red light, drumming my fingers impatiently on the steering wheel, I would look over and see a kid crying hysterically in the car next to me. Crying and pointing at me. Mothers and fathers would give me bad looks. I would shrug and point to my sad clown face, and sigh.

It was on such a night when I had gotten not only a speeding ticket but had also made twin boys cry (and maybe even their mother), when I went from Carl Gray, part-time rodeo clown, to Carl Gray, full-time superhero.

It had been a typical night.

I had been gored nearly a half a dozen times-all to the delight of the crowd-when the freak storm hit. In a flash, rain and hail pelted the outdoor stands and arena. Patrons went dashing for shelter. I would have gone dashing for shelter, too, except for one thing: I was in the middle of the arena with one very angry bull. A big and aggressive SOB that we called El Diablo.

The Devil.

The bull rider had lasted all of 1.8 seconds on the great beast before he went flying ass over feet through the air. Shouldn't feel too bad. He wasn't the first, nor would he be the last. Riding El Diablo was like riding angry itself; that is, if angry had four legs, a tail, and two horns.

Anyway, I stepped out into the middle of the arena and did my best to distract the snorting, furious beast when the freak storm hit. I had just caught sight of fans running for cover when El Diablo ran at me.

Or, rather charged me.

Which reminds me of an old joke: How do you stop a bull from charging? Take away his credit card.

I wish. Instead, I found myself scrambling to get out of his way. Scrambling and, sadly, slipping. Remember the rain? Anyway, I swore and clawed at the dirt, trying like hell to find my feet when two things happened simultaneously: El Diablo lowered his head...and lightening struck.

Both at the exact same time.

And that's all I remembered.

* * *

I awoke days later at the Rustic City Hospital.

I came to slowly, aware that, as usual, I was alone. Not even a friend sitting by my side to see if I would pull through. Well, I pulled through alright. Maybe too well.

As I lay there in the intensive care unit, blinking and trying to assess just how bad the damage was, I came to one conclusion:

I was doing very well indeed.

Nothing seemed to be broken. In fact, nothing about me seemed injured in any way. According to the nurse on duty who swung by to check on me, I had been in a three-day coma with a massive head wound. Apparently, the bull had done its best to trample me into oblivion...except...

Well, except the exact opposite happened.

The bull had literally disappeared off the face of the earth.

No shit.

Well, I have an opinion about that. In fact, so do a lot of people. I'm kind of a celebrity these days. Go figure.

Anyway, I'm fairly certain that the bull didn't disappear off the face of the earth. No. Thanks to that freakish lightning strike, I'm fairly certain the bull and I became one.

At least, if these horns and my now famous tail had anything to do with it.

* * *

Yes, I now sport a longish tail that actually ends in a fluffy little ball.

Not as cute as it might seem. That fluffy little ball itches like hell and has a nasty habit of getting caught in stupid elevators and stupid sliding glass doors.

Stupid, stupid bull.

Anyway, it wasn't long after my release from the hospital when the horns appeared. Within hours of being back at my apartment, the first bumps appeared above my temples. Another hour after that, two black, sharp horns tore through my skin to curve up and out, blossoming above my head like something out of the devil's own garden.

Yeah, I was freaked, man. Freaked.

I studied myself in the mirror. Pale faced and sick to my stomach as I ran my hands up along the thick horns, tentatively touching their tips with my own fingertips.

"This isn't happening," I said over and over (and sometimes still to this day).

The horns were firmly attached to my skull, as if screwed in. As if they'd always been there. Worse, as if they would always be there.

Stupid, freakish horns.

And as I paced in my small apartment, as the freak rainstorm that had brought the even freakier lightning strike continued to pummel the good town of Rustic City, I felt something appear in my pants.

No, not that something. Hell, I wish it had been that.

No, this something appeared on other end. The rear end. Yes, I'm talking about the damn tail with the furry little ball. That damn furry ball that itches so damn much.

There it was, curled in my boxers like a sleeping snake. Except it wasn't a snake. And it was attached to me. Right there at the base of my spine.

A tail.

A goddamn tail.

I had been so worried about the horns that I hadn't noticed the appearance of the tail.

Go figure.

* * *

No, I didn't have many friends in those days. Truth is, I don't have many friends now. In fact, I might even have more enemies than friends.

It's the way of superheroes.

Anyway, with the appearance of the horns and tail, I called the only person I could think of: a fellow rodeo clown named Gerald. He and I had worked many years together. We weren't actually friends, but we had shared a beer or two. Now, thirty minutes later and sporting a case of Pabst Blue Ribbon under one arm, Gerald, sans the clown make-up, appeared at my door.

And nearly dropped the Pabst Blue Ribbon.

Nearly. It would take a lot more than horns and a tail to make Gerald lose his grip on his beer.

Instead, he cowboyed-up through the shock and was soon sitting across from me in the living room. My ass was still sore from the new tail and, quite frankly, I wasn't sure exactly how to sit with it, so I stood and paced. Gerald kept drinking until the shock wore off.

"Jesus," he said again, for perhaps the tenth time.

"Yup."

He motioned to my horns. "Those things real?"

I lowered my head, gave him a good look.

"They look real," he said and drank a lot more beer. "You have anything to say about all of this?"

"Damn strange," I said.

Gerald nodded. "Yup."

It went on like this for another ten minutes as he examined my tail, running his hands along it, getting dangerously close to my backside.

"I don't feel right looking too closely," he said.

"Jesus, it's just a tail, Gerald," I snapped.

"Yeah, but it's attached to your ass. Your shockingly hairy ass."

I shook my head and continued pacing, my tail whipping about the small apartment. Once or twice the furry end smacked Gerald in the head. He said "hey" but kept on drinking.

"Well, it stands to reason..." Gerald finally said, after perhaps his eighth beer.

"What stands to reason?" I asked.

I had been pacing and panicking and wishing like hell I would wake up from whatever nightmare I was in the middle of. No such luck.

"Well, the bull that was about to hit you done disappeared."

"What do you mean disappeared?" This, of course, was the first I'd heard of it.

"Well, most people were scattering for cover and not too many saw what I saw."

"What did you see, Gerald?"

He took another swig of beer. "Just when the lightning struck, I thought you were done for, Carl."

Truth was, so did I.

Gerald went on. "But when the lightning struck something very strange happened. You ended up on the far side of the arena, and the bull..."

"Yes?"

"The bull was gone. And..."

"And what?"

He shook his head and looked away. "Nothing."

I roared. A great roar. So loud that my little apartment shook...and the popcorned ceiling actually popped. "Tell me!"

Quaking with real fear, Gerald said, "Okay, okay. Just relax Carl. Well, there was something else."

"What, goddammit?"

"It wasn't really lightning that came down from the heavens."

I blinked. "Then what was it?"

"Well, it was a kind of lightning, I suppose. But it was mostly in the shape of, well, a man. A giant, lightning-shaped man. Then again, I might have been drunk at the time. In fact, I'm sure I was drunk."

I thought about that as Gerald drank the rest of the case of beer. I thought about that even more as Gerald slept it off. I thought about all of it and more as I paced my small apartment, occasionally slapping the snoozing Gerald in the face and knocking over every goddamn lamp in the joint.

* * *

I spent that night in agony.

While Gerald slept off the Pabst, my body literally-and I mean literally-morphed into something bigger...and greater than it was before.

Perhaps even greater than anyone had been before, ever.

Why this happened to me, I don't know. What exactly had happened to me, I still don't know. No one knows, either. I've had some of the finest scientific minds study me. Hell, one mad scientist even put me in lockdown, determined to replicate me into an army of me's. Except, of course, I had broken out and destroyed his island fortress. But that was a story for another time.

Anyway, the following morning, I had gone through a complete-and painful-metamorphosis. Yes, the horns and tail had been weird enough, but by the time old Gerald awoke from his beer-induced slumber, he might have thought he had awoken to his nightmare.

Nope, pal. This one is all mine.

For standing before him, naked if not for the stiff fur that now covered my body from head to toe, still breathing heavily and sweating from the growing pains of the previous night, was the creature-and some even go as far as to call me superhero-that is now known as The Bull.

Me. Carl the part-time rodeo clown.

"I've got to go," said Gerald, and I never saw him again, although he went on to write a book about our friendship. Fiction, mostly. I should sue his ass.

To say that my life changed radically from that moment on is an understatement. I couldn't go very far without having people either follow me or run in fear. Didn't take the press long to figure out that the mother of all freaks was living in Rustic City. Hell, TMZ has staked out a permanent spot in the parking lot just opposite my apartment.

Yes, the press coverage alone was dizzying. And as my publicity soared, and as the medical establishment did their damn best to come to grips with what had happened to me, two things became evident:

One, was that the world actually needed me. It seems that almost overnight my services were needed. From saving whole families in fires (my thick bullish hide is impervious to flames, go figure), to stopping bank robberies (for some reason, the number of bank robberies seemed to shoot up in Rustic City).

Two, with my own strange transformation, there also appeared another type of monster. One that many would call evil geniuses. Or, worse, homicidal madmen bent on literally destroying the world. Some have speculated that the Universe needed an answer to the influx of coming evil. A sort of superhero yin to the evil yang. Apparently, I was the yin.

Why a bull, I don't know. Hell, I could think of countless other animals that might have been more useful. But I am what I am.

What can I say?

I am The Bull, with my great strength and quick temper. Don't get me started on seeing the color red. The Bull, with my razor-sharp horns that can literally tear through anything. The Bull, with my tail that I've mastered as a useful whip. The Bull, with my thick hide that protects me from bullets and knives and everything else in-between. No, I can't fly, but I can charge quickly.

Comics have been made of me, and even movies. I have a Facebook page that numbers in the hundreds of millions of fans. Even more than Vin Diesel.

Go figure.

Many laugh at me, some admire, most fear me.

I would fear me, too. A giant of a man. Half man, half animal. A freak of nature. There was nowhere for me to hide, and so I didn't bother hiding. In fact, I never bothered moving. I liked my one-bedroom apartment. I liked my Pabst Blue Ribbon even more. It just takes a hell of a lot more of the stuff to get me drunk.

No, I don't have a Bat Signal, but I do have Skype.

You can Skype me, too. I'm always ready to help. Just let me finish my beer first.

I am The Bull.

Go figure.

The End

The Prophetic Heart

Adam Carr has a problem.

It's his heart. He's sure of it. Except, of course, his doctors can't find anything wrong with him or his heart.

Nothing at all.

This troubles Adam, as he's certain the problem is getting progressively worse. In fact, as he leaves his cardiologist's office now, stepping out into the blazing hot Corona sunshine, Adam is certain that someone is playing a very sick joke on him. Perhaps even God.

As he stands there, as his body adjusts from the air conditioned comfort of the specialist's office to the extreme heat of this outpost southern California city, Adam finds thinking difficult.

After all, it's damn hard to concentrate when he could hear his own heart pounding in his ears.

He takes in a lot of air and lifts his face to the sun and listens to his heart beating so loudly that he's certain anyone within twenty feet can hear it.

Except, of course, no one can hear it.

Only him.

And it is totally freaking him out.

Thump, thump, thump...

And so it goes.

He's had three experts check him out, and subsequently three experts tell him there's nothing wrong with him. Nothing at all. This last expert even went so far as to suggest that Adam go see a psychologist.

"It's in your head, I think," said the doctor looking down at a clipboard.

"No, it's in my chest, doc. I can hear it. Pounding loudly."

"Your heart is beating normal, Mr. Carr. I'm sorry, there's just nothing I can do for you. You are, in fact, in perfect health."

And so it goes.

Now Adam finds himself standing in the heat and the sunlight, listening to his heart, and knowing without a doubt that he's very much not in perfect health.

Something is wrong. Very wrong.

Adam first noticed the louder-than-normal beating two weeks ago. He'd been lying in bed with his girlfriend. They'd had a particularly vigorous lovemaking session and he'd been out of breath, reveling in his manliness. His heart, as one would expect, had been hammering away in his chest. Loud and persistent. Hell, he could feel it rocking his entire body. At the time, Adam had grinned. After all, his hammering heart was evidence of a job well done.

And so he had lain back, smiling.

That should have been the end of it. Except for one problem...his heart continued thudding in his chest.

Thump, thump, thump.

Louder and louder.

"What the hell?" He'd sat up and asked his sleeping girlfriend if she could hear his heart and she rolled over and went back to sleep.

Now nervous, Adam had gotten out of bed and paced the small bedroom, listening. Yes, his heart was as loud as ever. He was sure of it. He felt his chest. His heart didn't seem to be beating any faster. He counted the beats per minute and did a quick internet search for average heart rates. His heart rate was average. Sixty beats per minutes. Nothing to worry about, right?

Then why was his pounding so damn loud in his ears?

Why indeed?

He didn't know, and now two weeks later, neither did his doctors. Yes, Adam was officially worried. Who wouldn't be?

A psychologist, Dr. Mann had suggested.

Hell, maybe he was going crazy.

Adam Carr didn't know, but one thing was for certain, he was burning up out here in the sun.

He heads to his car and gets in even as his heart begins to pound even louder.

Louder and louder.

* * *

Traffic is heavy.

Worse, drivers seem to be driving particularly crazy this afternoon. Adam wonders if the crazy driving is a result of a full moon or something-but then wonders if full moon excuses count during the middle of the day. After all, it was night somewhere in the world, wasn't it? He doesn't know much about astronomy. And, really, he doesn't much care.

No, all he cares is about is getting to the bottom of his beating heart.

Or rather, his unusually loud beating heart.

"I mean," he says to his empty Toyota Prius, "what the hell is that all about?"

He doesn't know but, as he's taken to doing these past few weeks, he drives with one hand on the steering wheel and the other on his chest.

Adam knows he probably shouldn't be driving. He's too distracted. Too weirded out. After all, what the hell was wrong with him?

"And how does no one else hear it?" he asks the empty car. His heartbeat is so loud, so thumping loud. Thumping in his ears, his chest, throughout his whole goddamn body.

Jesus.

Adam is, admittedly, scared.

That something is wrong, he has no doubt. Whether in his head or body, he doesn't know. Either way, something is very, very wrong.

To make matters worse, the beating, he's certain, is getting louder. This morning it had literally woken him up from a fitful sleep. Pounding in his chest. Seemingly up through the bed itself. The walls themselves. The earth itself.

Jesus...

The past two weeks Adam has known only incessant pounding. It's driving him crazy. Literally.

"Sweet Jesus help me," he says, rubbing his chest as he stops at a red light.

Yes, today has been different. Today the sound seems to have actually gotten louder. And it only seemed to be getting louder and louder.

Adam shuts his eyes and rubs his temples and is not surprised that a tear squeezes out of his tightly shut eyes.

The beating is so loud, so frustratingly loud. Frustrating because no one else can hear it.

Next, he runs his fingers through his unkempt hair. He knows he looks like a mess. He doesn't care. Hell, he doesn't care about anything anymore-not until someone can figure out what the devil is wrong with him.

As he goes back to staring at the light, waiting for it to turn green, Adam is certain that his heart is going to explode in his chest.

The sound consumes him totally. He could have been on a construction site, with a jackhammer nearby. But he isn't. No, he's sitting in his little car, scared shitless, knowing without a doubt that he was going crazy.

Or that he was going to die.

More tears appear, and as he looks up to see himself in the mirror, he sees something else there, too.

He sees a big rig truck bearing down on him from behind.

Adam stares in the mirror as his pounding heart fills the car, fills the air, fills everything.

Mercifully, the last sound Adam Carr hears is not the sound of his own beating heart, but the sound of metal crashing into metal.

The End

Vampire Dawn: Outtake

Author's Note: Vampire Dawn (Vampire for Hire #6) was a tough book for me to finish. I wrote, I believe, six different endings before settling on one. But one of them has always haunted me. I liked it. Except, sadly, I couldn't make it work. I liked the set-up: Sam saving her kidnapped sister. Except, of course, I never had her sister kidnapped...or even involved in the storyline. So, to make it work, I would have had to go back and layer her sister more thoroughly throughout the story. I wasn't sure that would work. Plus, I didn't really like the idea of using her sister as a plot ploy. So, the idea got scrapped, and the scene cut...until now. Please note, this alternate ending was never quite finished, but I think you might still enjoy it. -J.R.

Vampire Dawn

At the base of the stairway, an amorphous entity materialized before me. It kept materializing and soon took on the shape of a young woman-a young woman with a deep gash across her throat. She appeared to be hovering in mid-air, as ghosts are wont to do.

As I stepped forward, she blocked my path. She lifted what was supposed to be a hand, but was really just a blurred stump. I tried to step around her but she blocked my path again. Each time she moved, her mostly shapeless body lost what shape it had, until it swarmed again and reformed. She shook what was left of her head.

I paused in this lower level hallway, a level that was far colder than the floor just above. A level that smelled of death.

"I'm okay," I whispered. "But thank you."

She shook her head again, and kept on shaking it even as I stepped through her, scattering her glowing filaments like so many frightened fish.

Shivering, I moved forward again, toward a door at the far end of the hallway. Behind that door, hiding behind a pillar of some sort, was a man waiting to kill me. Of that I was sure.

And behind him, in a room that was filled with light, was my sister.

I was sure of it.

Suddenly pissed beyond control, I marched down the hallway, and gave the killer what he was waiting for.

Me.

With one raised foot and a lot of rage, I kicked the door open. So hard that the whole damn thing collapsed forward, including some of the door frame.

* * *

The sound was deafening.

I was here. They knew I was here. Enough with the charade. Besides, I wasn't standing in the doorway. I was off to the side, standing behind the mangled door frame as dust billowed everywhere.

I doubted these guys were trained killers. Not like the vampire hunter I'd met last year, a man who systematically hunted down the world's vampires. No, these guys were punks. Sickos. I imagined they lured and deceived their victims. At least, that was the impression I'd had when I touched the walls. Women were lured, and, in the case of Brian Meeks, people who worked here as well.

How they captured and killed vampires, I didn't know, but I was beginning to get some ideas, especially if my hunch proved to be true.

For now, though, I had a bastard with a crossbow to deal with.

Of course, what I should do next was still up in the air. I hadn't really thought things through much further than kicking down the door.

Whoever he was, I knew he was alone. Only one set of excited lungs were breathing at the far end of the hall. How many more were beyond this hall, I didn't know. How many people it took to run a blood ring, I didn't know that either. The fewer the better. In fact, I doubted the workers I had seen in the theater were truly privy to what was going on behind these closed doors.

Whoever they were, human life meant little. Blood was all that mattered. They were nothing more than butchers.

As I peered around the door frame and through the settling dust, I could see bright light issuing out from under the door. I could also see shadows moving under the door. I had gotten someone's attention.

As I waited, knowing that a man at the far end of the hallway was holding the one weapon that could actually kill me, the same ghost girl materialized before me. But this time, she didn't look so staticy. This time, I suspected, anyone could see her. Anyone, as in the guy standing at the far end of the hallway.

As she turned her head and looked at me sadly, her eyes round and dark, the deep gash in her neck somehow deepened, revealing the ghostly hint of her mortally damaged neck. And as she continued to stare at me, I saw what she was doing.

Acting as a decoy.

In that instant, a shiny-tipped arrow swept through her, to thunk deep into the wall behind her. She never took her eyes off me. Instead, she smiled and dematerialized.

I yanked the bolt out of the wall-and was moving.

I swept low over the ground, moving impossibly fast. I doubted the shooter had another bolt cocked and ready to fire.

I was right, he hadn't. Instead, he had something else.

Another crossbow.

Already armed with a silver-tipped arrow. Raising it now as I hurled down the black hallway. I'd had some experience with silver. It wasn't fun. It was hell, in fact.

Rarely have I moved so fast. I was surprised to see I clawed the ground with my hands like a wild animal, hurling myself forward, covering the space in the long hallway in a blink of an eye.

He had just raised the crossbow, and had just started squeezing the trigger when one moment he was alive, and the next he was twitching at my feet, the crossbow bolt lodged deep into his chest. As his legs kicked and he fought for breath that would not come, I looked away and pressed an ear against the door. Voices. Movement. The sounds of water dripping.

I looked again at the man at my feet. He'd mercifully quit twitching.

I considered my options, and realized I didn't have many.

Now would have been a good time to cast my mind out, to search what lay beyond this door, to search for enemies and, most importantly, to search for my sister.

Good plan, except for one problem.

I couldn't calm down. I couldn't focus. My mind was racing too fast. Blood pumping too hard.

As I listened to the sounds of distant water dripping, I fought to calm down. Took deep breaths. I thought of my sister somewhere behind this door, and my mind went off into a rage again. I nearly threw the door open and charged inside.

To do that would have been death to me...and to my sister.

I told myself to relax, to calm my mind.

Finally, finally, I was able to clear it. Enough to cast my thoughts out. Casting my thoughts into an ever-widening gyre was my ace in the hole. My edge. Without it, I was walking into a death trap.

Except I wasn't as calm as I would have liked. The images that were returned to me were fuzzy and incomplete. Still, good enough. There were three of them in the massive room beyond. Three living, that is. Three moving. There were others. Many others...hanging. Dripping blood.

The dripping sounds I'd been hearing.

Sweet Jesus

Calm down, Sam. Relax. You can do this. Your sister needs you. Hell, you need you.

I breathed deeply, filling my useless lungs with useless air. Useless or not, it was a technique that still worked to calm me down. To help me focus.

From somewhere far down the hallway to my right, I heard a distant sound. It could have been anything. Rats. Earth shifting. Or someone approaching. Hard to tell. Either way, whatever or whoever it was, was still far away.

The others I couldn't recognize, although I suspected the tall one was Robert Cash. The other was smaller, thinner. Stood straight. Impossible to know who she was. At least, for the time being.

I would know soon enough.

I continued my remote search through the massive room beyond. The room was set lower than this hallway. Down some steps. I saw earth everywhere. It appeared to be a cavern...but an unnatural one. Long ago it had been dug out. By whom and for what reason, I didn't know. Maybe it had always been used to kill and drain and feed the local vampires.

I continued searching the room, looking for anything that would give me an edge, anything that would help me not step into the world's most obvious trap. The tall man I assumed to be Robert Cash was standing very near the door. He was holding something. I assumed it to be another crossbow.

The smaller figure was standing nearby. He or she was unarmed as far as I could tell.

I continued mentally scanning the big room-the room of horror-until I saw what appeared to be more doors. No surprise there. I was certain there were many ways into this underground chamber beneath the theater.

A balcony high above. Accessed by a door to my right.

Another door? Oh?

My eyes shot open. Indeed, behind more junk and behind where the dead man now lay at my feet, was a barely discernible door.

I quietly moved toward it. It was locked. A quick flick of my wrist took care of that.

It opened quietly enough. I slipped inside and headed up.

* * *

The stairs were narrow and suspect.

I kept to the far edges, never stepping in the middle, and swept up them as quickly and quietly as I could. I wasn't alone on the stairs. A steady procession of faded entities appeared and disappeared. These chambers and tunnels, hallways and stairs were easily the most haunted locations I'd ever seen.

No surprise there, I thought. This was, after all, a human blood factory. A death factory.

At the upstairs landing, dim light spilled over the railing, illuminating a loft-like area filled with crap. I stepped past shovels and filthy buckets and weird-looking glass containers. The scent of blood was everywhere. New blood. Old blood. My stomach growled.

Great.

I ignored the growling, hating myself all over again, but releasing the hate immediately. It was, after all, time to save my sister.

I stepped as lightly as I could through the mess, until I found myself at the balcony I had seen in my mental scan. Once there, I looked down at the scene below...and gasped.

The sight was overwhelming, but not unexpected. Human corpses filled the room. They hung from the rafters, many chained although some were suspended by thick ropes. All were naked. All hung upside down. All with slit throats.

My knees threatened to give. Hell, my whole world threatened to give. If I had to breathe normally, I would have been gasping. I probably would have fainted.

But I held onto the railing, searching the area below until I spotted my sister near the far wall. She was alive. Mercifully, she faced away from the carnage.

Some corpses twisted gently, as if blown by a breeze. A few of the freshest corpses had buckets beneath them to catch the dripping blood.

Many of the men looked like local bums. One of them I was sure I recognized, a bum I had seen near the post office. Some of the women, if I had to guess, were prostitutes. Career prostitutes. Banged up and used and abused. Some had fake breasts. Many were still wearing make up. All had their throats cut so bad that I could see all the way to their spines.

Many of the corpses were frozen in rigor mortis. Some had begun bloating. Most had been hanging for quite some time, the flesh having long ago peeled away from the ankles, revealing bone and rotting muscles. I counted twelve corpses. No, fourteen. There were two stacked on top of each other along the far wall.

If there was a hell, this was it.

A woman stood next to Chase?. A woman I had seen in my scan of the room, but who had not been distinct enough to recognize. Well, I recognized her now. Detective Hanner of the Fullerton Police Department. A fellow investigator...and a fellow vampire.

Here at the blood factory.

I began removing my clothing.

* * *

I had to be careful.

These people had made a business of killing. An industry. They were good at it, and they knew how to get away with it, too. Especially with Detective Hanner on the force. Perhaps she influenced the reports. Redirected evidence. Controlled minds. I didn't know, but I suspected perhaps all of the above.

The room was vast and obscured by the hanging corpses. I knew by my initial scan that there were at least two men in the corners waiting with crossbows.

Two men, Robert Cash and Detective Hanner.

And my sister.

I had to act fast. I had to surprise them. And as I climbed up to stand carefully on the wooden railing overlooking the macabre scene, naked as the day as I was born, I suspected I would very much surprise them.

The single flame appeared in my thoughts. Unwavering, bright, dominant. I focused on it...and saw the creature within the flames. The creature that would be me.

And with that, I leaped from the railing.

* * *

The loft was thirty or so feet from the ground. Plenty of room to make my transformation.

Or so I hoped.

I spread my arms wide and, as the dirt floor rapidly approached, a huge set of thickly-membranous wings appeared from my arms and legs. As I plummeted, they snapped taut and, instead of slamming into the floor, I swooped parallel to it, just a foot or two from the ground.

It was as if I had always been this giant winged monster. As if I had always had its instincts and talents and appendages.

As I rushed low over the ground, I saw heads turn toward me. I saw faces form into expressions of horror. Only one didn't. That of Detective Hanner. My sister, mercifully, kept her head down, kept looking away from the horrific scene.

I tilted my right wing, angling to starboard and went first to the man in the near corner, hiding behind a stack of barrels that I could only assume contained blood. I assumed the man had never seen a giant, humanoid vampire bat before. The first thing he did was wet himself. The urine seemed to burst from his loins, covering his crotch. The next thing he did was fumble for his crossbow, which he suddenly seemed to forget how to use.

He was still screaming as I slammed into him, driving him hard into the wall behind him. This was followed immediately by the sound of his skull bursting open.

Now covered in human chum, I spun around in time to see a silver arrow lodge deep into the wood to my side. Jesus, that was close. I followed its flight path to the second shooter, who had left his post against the far wall and was now rushing toward me.

As he ran, he reached behind and pulled free another crossbow. Unlike the crude, medieval weapon the name evoked, this thing was fairly high-tech: laser scoped, fiberglass, molded grips and pistol-like triggers.

I leaped from behind the now-fallen barrels, flapped my wings hard, and lifted into the air again.

The second shooter was more brazen than the first. No spreading urine stains, as far as I could see. Dressed in actual camouflage, he charged me from across the spacious room, well away from the hanging corpses. As he ran, he leveled the crossbow and sighted along his scope.

Now, I can't have that.

As the red laser briefly flashed across my eyes, I tucked a wing in, rolled in mid-air just as the silver-tipped bolt whooshed past me.

Close.

Now the bastard was stringing another arrow, notching it as fast as he could. He was still in the act of notching when my talons fastened around his head and lifted. He didn't get very far off the ground before his neck snapped nicely, reverberating throughout the massive room.

I released his broken body, and spotted Robert Cash ducking out through a side door, when I caught sight of something else. Something winged and black and rocketing up from the ground below.

It was Hanner.

His Last Bow

by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle

It was nine o'clock at night upon the second of August-the most terrible August in the history of the world. One might have thought already that God's curse hung heavy over a degenerate world, for there was an awesome hush and a feeling of vague expectancy in the sultry and stagnant air. The sun had long set, but one blood-red gash like an open wound lay low in the distant west. Above, the stars were shining brightly, and below, the lights of the shipping glimmered in the bay. The two famous Germans stood beside the stone parapet of the garden walk, with the long, low, heavily gabled house behind them, and they looked down upon the broad sweep of the beach at the foot of the great chalk cliff in which Von Bork, like some wandering eagle, had perched himself four years before. They stood with their heads close together, talking in low, confidential tones. From below the two glowing ends of their cigars might have been the smouldering eyes of some malignant fiend looking down in the darkness.

A remarkable man this Von Bork-a man who could hardly be matched among all the devoted agents of the Kaiser. It was his talents which had first recommended him for the English mission, the most important mission of all, but since he had taken it over those talents had become more and more manifest to the half-dozen people in the world who were really in touch with the truth. One of these was his present companion, Baron Von Herling, the chief secretary of the legation, whose huge 100-horse-power Benz car was blocking the country lane as it waited to waft its owner back to London.

"So far as I can judge the trend of events, you will probably be back in Berlin within the week," the secretary was saying. "When you get there, my dear Von Bork, I think you will be surprised at the welcome you will receive. I happen to know what is thought in the highest quarters of your work in this country." He was a huge man, the secretary, deep, broad, and tall, with a slow, heavy fashion of speech which had been his main asset in his political career.

Von Bork laughed.

"They are not very hard to deceive," he remarked. "A more docile, simple folk could not be imagined."

"I don't know about that," said the other thoughtfully. "They have strange limits and one must learn to observe them. It is that surface simplicity of theirs which makes a trap for the stranger. One's first impression is that they are entirely soft. Then one comes suddenly upon something very hard, and you know that you have reached the limit and must adapt yourself to the fact. They have, for example, their insular conventions which simply MUST be observed."

"Meaning 'good form' and that sort of thing?" Von Bork sighed as one who had suffered much.

"Meaning British prejudice in all its queer manifestations. As an example I may quote one of my own worst blunders-I can afford to talk of my blunders, for you know my work well enough to be aware of my successes. It was on my first arrival. I was invited to a weekend gathering at the country house of a cabinet minister. The conversation was amazingly indiscreet."

Von Bork nodded. "I've been there," said he dryly.

"Exactly. Well, I naturally sent a resume of the information to Berlin. Unfortunately our good chancellor is a little heavy-handed in these matters, and he transmitted a remark which showed that he was aware of what had been said. This, of course, took the trail straight up to me. You've no idea the harm that it did me. There was nothing soft about our British hosts on that occasion, I can assure you. I was two years living it down. Now you, with this sporting pose of yours-"

"No, no, don't call it a pose. A pose is an artificial thing. This is quite natural. I am a born sportsman. I enjoy it."

"Well, that makes it the more effective. You yacht against them, you hunt with them, you play polo, you match them in every game, your four-in-hand takes the prize at Olympia. I have even heard that you go the length of boxing with the young officers. What is the result? Nobody takes you seriously. You are a 'good old sport' 'quite a decent fellow for a German,' a hard-drinking, nightclub, knock-about-town, devil-may-care young fellow. And all the time this quiet country house of yours is the centre of half the mischief in England, and the sporting squire the most astute secret-service man in Europe. Genius, my dear Von Bork-genius!"

"You flatter me, Baron. But certainly I may claim my four years in this country have not been unproductive. I've never shown you my little store. Would you mind stepping in for a moment?"

The door of the study opened straight onto the terrace. Von Bork pushed it back, and, leading the way, he clicked the switch of the electric light. He then closed the door behind the bulky form which followed him and carefully adjusted the heavy curtain over the latticed window. Only when all these precautions had been taken and tested did he turn his sunburned aquiline face to his guest.

"Some of my papers have gone," said he. "When my wife and the household left yesterday for Flushing they took the less important with them. I must, of course, claim the protection of the embassy for the others."

"Your name has already been filed as one of the personal suite. There will be no difficulties for you or your baggage. Of course, it is just possible that we may not have to go. England may leave France to her fate. We are sure that there is no binding treaty between them."

"And Belgium?"

"Yes, and Belgium, too."

Von Bork shook his head. "I don't see how that could be. There is a definite treaty there. She could never recover from such a humiliation."

"She would at least have peace for the moment."

"But her honor?"

"Tut, my dear sir, we live in a utilitarian age. Honour is a mediaeval conception. Besides England is not ready. It is an inconceivable thing, but even our special war tax of fifty million, which one would think made our purpose as clear as if we had advertised it on the front page of the Times, has not roused these people from their slumbers. Here and there one hears a question. It is my business to find an answer. Here and there also there is an irritation. It is my business to soothe it. But I can assure you that so far as the essentials go-the storage of munitions, the preparation for submarine attack, the arrangements for making high explosives-nothing is prepared. How, then, can England come in, especially when we have stirred her up such a devil's brew of Irish civil war, window-breaking Furies, and God knows what to keep her thoughts at home."

"She must think of her future."

"Ah, that is another matter. I fancy that in the future we have our own very definite plans about England, and that your information will be very vital to us. It is to-day or to-morrow with Mr. John Bull. If he prefers to-day we are perfectly ready. If it is to-morrow we shall be more ready still. I should think they would be wiser to fight with allies than without them, but that is their own affair. This week is their week of destiny. But you were speaking of your papers."

He sat in the armchair with the light shining upon his broad bald head, while he puffed sedately at his cigar.

The large oak-panelled, book-lined room had a curtain hung in the further corner. When this was drawn it disclosed a large, brass-bound safe. Von Bork detached a small key from his watch chain, and after some considerable manipulation of the lock he swung open the heavy door.

"Look!" said he, standing clear, with a wave of his hand.

The light shone vividly into the opened safe, and the secretary of the embassy gazed with an absorbed interest at the rows of stuffed pigeon-holes with which it was furnished. Each pigeon-hole had its label, and his eyes as he glanced along them read a long series of such titles as "Fords," "Harbour-defences," "Aeroplanes," "Ireland," "Egypt," "Portsmouth forts," "The Channel," "Rosythe," and a score of others. Each compartment was bristling with papers and plans.

"Colossal!" said the secretary. Putting down his cigar he softly clapped his fat hands.

"And all in four years, Baron. Not such a bad show for the hard-drinking, hard-riding country squire. But the gem of my collection is coming and there is the setting all ready for it." He pointed to a space over which "Naval Signals" was printed.

"But you have a good dossier there already."

"Out of date and waste paper. The Admiralty in some way got the alarm and every code has been changed. It was a blow, Baron-the worst setback in my whole campaign. But thanks to my check-book and the good Altamont all will be well to-night."

The Baron looked at his watch and gave a guttural exclamation of disappointment.

"Well, I really can wait no longer. You can imagine that things are moving at present in Carlton Terrace and that we have all to be at our posts. I had hoped to be able to bring news of your great coup. Did Altamont name no hour?"

Von Bork pushed over a telegram:

Will come without fail to-night and bring new sparking plugs.

Altamont.

"Sparking plugs, eh?"

"You see he poses as a motor expert and I keep a full garage. In our code everything likely to come up is named after some spare part. If he talks of a radiator it is a battleship, of an oil pump a cruiser, and so on. Sparking plugs are naval signals."

"From Portsmouth at midday," said the secretary, examining the superscription. "By the way, what do you give him?"

"Five hundred pounds for this particular job. Of course he has a salary as well."

"The greedy rogue. They are useful, these traitors, but I grudge them their blood money."

"I grudge Altamont nothing. He is a wonderful worker. If I pay him well, at least he delivers the goods, to use his own phrase. Besides he is not a traitor. I assure you that our most pan-Germanic Junker is a sucking dove in his feelings towards England as compared with a real bitter Irish-American."

"Oh, an Irish-American?"

"If you heard him talk you would not doubt it. Sometimes I assure you I can hardly understand him. He seems to have declared war on the King's English as well as on the English king. Must you really go? He may be here any moment."

"No. I'm sorry, but I have already overstayed my time. We shall expect you early to-morrow, and when you get that signal book through the little door on the Duke of York's steps you can put a triumphant Finis to your record in England. What! Tokay!" He indicated a heavily sealed dust-covered bottle which stood with two high glasses upon a salver.

"May I offer you a glass before your journey?"

"No, thanks. But it looks like revelry."

"Altamont has a nice taste in wines, and he took a fancy to my Tokay. He is a touchy fellow and needs humouring in small things. I have to study him, I assure you." They had strolled out onto the terrace again, and along it to the further end where at a touch from the Baron's chauffeur the great car shivered and chuckled. "Those are the lights of Harwich, I suppose," said the secretary, pulling on his dust coat. "How still and peaceful it all seems. There may be other lights within the week, and the English coast a less tranquil place! The heavens, too, may not be quite so peaceful if all that the good Zepplin promises us comes true. By the way, who is that?"

Only one window showed a light behind them; in it there stood a lamp, and beside it, seated at a table, was a dear old ruddy-faced woman in a country cap. She was bending over her knitting and stopping occasionally to stroke a large black cat upon a stool beside her.

"That is Martha, the only servant I have left."

The secretary chuckled.

"She might almost personify Britannia," said he, "with her complete self-absorption and general air of comfortable somnolence. Well, au revoir, Von Bork!" With a final wave of his hand he sprang into the car, and a moment later the two golden cones from the headlights shot through the darkness. The secretary lay back in the cushions of the luxurious limousine, with his thoughts so full of the impending European tragedy that he hardly observed that as his car swung round the village street it nearly passed over a little Ford coming in the opposite direction.

Von Bork walked slowly back to the study when the last gleams of the motor lamps had faded into the distance. As he passed he observed that his old housekeeper had put out her lamp and retired. It was a new experience to him, the silence and darkness of his widespread house, for his family and household had been a large one. It was a relief to him, however, to think that they were all in safety and that, but for that one old woman who had lingered in the kitchen, he had the whole place to himself. There was a good deal of tidying up to do inside his study and he set himself to do it until his keen, handsome face was flushed with the heat of the burning papers. A leather valise stood beside his table, and into this he began to pack very neatly and systematically the precious contents of his safe. He had hardly got started with the work, however, when his quick ears caught the sounds of a distant car. Instantly he gave an exclamation of satisfaction, strapped up the valise, shut the safe, locked it, and hurried out onto the terrace. He was just in time to see the lights of a small car come to a halt at the gate. A passenger sprang out of it and advanced swiftly towards him, while the chauffeur, a heavily built, elderly man with a gray moustache, settled down like one who resigns himself to a long vigil.

"Well?" asked Von Bork eagerly, running forward to meet his visitor.

For answer the man waved a small brown-paper parcel triumphantly above his head.

"You can give me the glad hand tonight, mister," he cried. "I'm bringing home the bacon at last."

"The signals?"

"Same as I said in my cable. Every last one of them, semaphore, lamp code, Marconi-a copy, mind you, not the original. That was too dangerous. But it's the real goods, and you can lay to that." He slapped the German upon the shoulder with a rough familiarity from which the other winced.

"Come in," he said. "I'm all alone in the house. I was only waiting for this. Of course a copy is better than the original. If an original were missing they would change the whole thing. You think it's all safe about the copy?"

The Irish-American had entered the study and stretched his long limbs from the armchair. He was a tall, gaunt man of sixty, with clear-cut features and a small goatee beard which gave him a general resemblance to the caricatures of Uncle Sam. A half-smoked, sodden cigar hung from the corner of his mouth, and as he sat down he struck a match and relit it. "Making ready for a move?" he remarked as he looked round him. "Say, mister," he added, as his eyes fell upon the safe from which the curtain was now removed, "you don't tell me you keep your papers in that?"

"Why not?"

"Gosh, in a wide-open contraption like that! And they reckon you to be some spy. Why, a Yankee crook would be into that with a can-opener. If I'd known that any letter of mine was goin' to lie loose in a thing like that I'd have been a mug to write to you at all."

"It would puzzle any crook to force that safe," Von Bork answered. "You won't cut that metal with any tool."

"But the lock?"

"No, it's a double combination lock. You know what that is?"

"Search me," said the American.

"Well, you need a word as well as a set of figures before you can get the lock to work." He rose and showed a double-radiating disc round the keyhole. "This outer one is for the letters, the inner one for the figures."

"Well, well, that's fine."

"So it's not quite as simple as you thought. It was four years ago that I had it made, and what do you think I chose for the word and figures?"

"It's beyond me."

"Well, I chose August for the word, and 1914 for the figures, and here we are."

The American's face showed his surprise and admiration.

"My, but that was smart! You had it down to a fine thing."

"Yes, a few of us even then could have guessed the date. Here it is, and I'm shutting down to-morrow morning."

"Well, I guess you'll have to fix me up also. I'm not staying in this gol-darned country all on my lonesome. In a week or less, from what I see, John Bull will be on his hind legs and fair ramping. I'd rather watch him from over the water."

"But you're an American citizen?"

"Well, so was Jack James an American citizen, but he's doing time in Portland all the same. It cuts no ice with a British copper to tell him you're an American citizen. 'It's British law and order over here,' says he. By the way, mister, talking of Jack James, it seems to me you don't do much to cover your men."

"What do you mean?" Von Bork asked sharply.

"Well, you are their employer, ain't you? It's up to you to see that they don't fall down. But they do fall down, and when did you ever pick them up? There's James-"

"It was James's own fault. You know that yourself. He was too self-willed for the job."

"James was a bonehead-I give you that. Then there was Hollis."

"The man was mad."

"Well, he went a bit woozy towards the end. It's enough to make a man bug-house when he has to play a part from morning to night with a hundred guys all ready to set the coppers wise to him. But now there is Steiner-"

Von Bork started violently, and his ruddy face turned a shade paler.

"What about Steiner?"

"Well, they've got him, that's all. They raided his store last night, and he and his papers are all in Portsmouth jail. You'll go off and he, poor devil, will have to stand the racket, and lucky if he gets off with his life. That's why I want to get over the water as soon as you do."

Von Bork was a strong, self-contained man, but it was easy to see that the news had shaken him.

"How could they have got on to Steiner?" he muttered. "That's the worst blow yet."

"Well, you nearly had a worse one, for I believe they are not far off me."

"You don't mean that!"

"Sure thing. My landlady down Fratton way had some inquiries, and when I heard of it I guessed it was time for me to hustle. But what I want to know, mister, is how the coppers know these things? Steiner is the fifth man you've lost since I signed on with you, and I know the name of the sixth if I don't get a move on. How do you explain it, and ain't you ashamed to see your men go down like this?"

Von Bork flushed crimson.

"How dare you speak in such a way!"

"If I didn't dare things, mister, I wouldn't be in your service. But I'll tell you straight what is in my mind. I've heard that with you German politicians when an agent has done his work you are not sorry to see him put away."

Von Bork sprang to his feet.

"Do you dare to suggest that I have given away my own agents!"

"I don't stand for that, mister, but there's a stool pigeon or a cross somewhere, and it's up to you to find out where it is. Anyhow I am taking no more chances. It's me for little Holland, and the sooner the better."

Von Bork had mastered his anger.

"We have been allies too long to quarrel now at the very hour of victory," he said. "You've done splendid work and taken risks, and I can't forget it. By all means go to Holland, and you can get a boat from Rotterdam to New York. No other line will be safe a week from now. I'll take that book and pack it with the rest."

The American held the small parcel in his hand, but made no motion to give it up.

"What about the dough?" he asked.

"The what?"

"The boodle. The reward. The 500 pounds. The gunner turned damned nasty at the last, and I had to square him with an extra hundred dollars or it would have been nitsky for you and me. 'Nothin' doin'!' says he, and he meant it, too, but the last hundred did it. It's cost me two hundred pound from first to last, so it isn't likely I'd give it up without gettin' my wad."

Von Bork smiled with some bitterness. "You don't seem to have a very high opinion of my honour," said he, "you want the money before you give up the book."

"Well, mister, it is a business proposition."

"All right. Have your way." He sat down at the table and scribbled a check, which he tore from the book, but he refrained from handing it to his companion. "After all, since we are to be on such terms, Mr. Altamont," said he, "I don't see why I should trust you any more than you trust me. Do you understand?" he added, looking back over his shoulder at the American. "There's the check upon the table. I claim the right to examine that parcel before you pick the money up."

The American passed it over without a word. Von Bork undid a winding of string and two wrappers of paper. Then he sat gazing for a moment in silent amazement at a small blue book which lay before him. Across the cover was printed in golden letters Practical Handbook of Bee Culture. Only for one instant did the master spy glare at this strangely irrelevant inscription. The next he was gripped at the back of his neck by a grasp of iron, and a chloroformed sponge was held in front of his writhing face.

"Another glass, Watson!" said Mr. Sherlock Holmes as he extended the bottle of Imperial Tokay.

The thickset chauffeur, who had seated himself by the table, pushed forward his glass with some eagerness.

"It is a good wine, Holmes."

"A remarkable wine, Watson. Our friend upon the sofa has assured me that it is from Franz Josef's special cellar at the Schoenbrunn Palace. Might I trouble you to open the window, for chloroform vapour does not help the palate."

The safe was ajar, and Holmes standing in front of it was removing dossier after dossier, swiftly examining each, and then packing it neatly in Von Bork's valise. The German lay upon the sofa sleeping stertorously with a strap round his upper arms and another round his legs.

"We need not hurry ourselves, Watson. We are safe from interruption. Would you mind touching the bell? There is no one in the house except old Martha, who has played her part to admiration. I got her the situation here when first I took the matter up. Ah, Martha, you will be glad to hear that all is well."

The pleasant old lady had appeared in the doorway. She curtseyed with a smile to Mr. Holmes, but glanced with some apprehension at the figure upon the sofa.

"It is all right, Martha. He has not been hurt at all."

"I am glad of that, Mr. Holmes. According to his lights he has been a kind master. He wanted me to go with his wife to Germany yesterday, but that would hardly have suited your plans, would it, sir?"

"No, indeed, Martha. So long as you were here I was easy in my mind. We waited some time for your signal to-night."

"It was the secretary, sir."

"I know. His car passed ours."

"I thought he would never go. I knew that it would not suit your plans, sir, to find him here."

"No, indeed. Well, it only meant that we waited half an hour or so until I saw your lamp go out and knew that the coast was clear. You can report to me to-morrow in London, Martha, at Claridge's Hotel."

"Very good, sir."

"I suppose you have everything ready to leave."

"Yes, sir. He posted seven letters to-day. I have the addresses as usual."

"Very good, Martha. I will look into them to-morrow. Good-night. These papers," he continued as the old lady vanished, "are not of very great importance, for, of course, the information which they represent has been sent off long ago to the German government. These are the originals which could not safely be got out of the country."

"Then they are of no use."

"I should not go so far as to say that, Watson. They will at least show our people what is known and what is not. I may say that a good many of these papers have come through me, and I need not add are thoroughly untrustworthy. It would brighten my declining years to see a German cruiser navigating the Solent according to the mine-field plans which I have furnished. But you, Watson"-he stopped his work and took his old friend by the shoulders-"I've hardly seen you in the light yet. How have the years used you? You look the same blithe boy as ever."

"I feel twenty years younger, Holmes. I have seldom felt so happy as when I got your wire asking me to meet you at Harwich with the car. But you, Holmes-you have changed very little-save for that horrible goatee."

"These are the sacrifices one makes for one's country, Watson," said Holmes, pulling at his little tuft. "To-morrow it will be but a dreadful memory. With my haircut and a few other superficial changes I shall no doubt reappear at Claridge's to-morrow as I was before this American stunt-I beg your pardon, Watson, my well of English seems to be permanently defiled-before this American job came my way."

"But you have retired, Holmes. We heard of you as living the life of a hermit among your bees and your books in a small farm upon the South Downs."

"Exactly, Watson. Here is the fruit of my leisured ease, the magnum opus of my latter years!" He picked up the volume from the table and read out the whole title, Practical Handbook of Bee Culture, with Some Observations upon the Segregation of the Queen. "Alone I did it. Behold the fruit of pensive nights and laborious days when I watched the little working gangs as once I watched the criminal world of London."

"But how did you get to work again?"

"Ah, I have often marvelled at it myself. The Foreign Minister alone I could have withstood, but when the Premier also deigned to visit my humble roof-! The fact is, Watson, that this gentleman upon the sofa was a bit too good for our people. He was in a class by himself. Things were going wrong, and no one could understand why they were going wrong. Agents were suspected or even caught, but there was evidence of some strong and secret central force. It was absolutely necessary to expose it. Strong pressure was brought upon me to look into the matter. It has cost me two years, Watson, but they have not been devoid of excitement. When I say that I started my pilgrimage at Chicago, graduated in an Irish secret society at Buffalo, gave serious trouble to the constabulary at Skibbareen, and so eventually caught the eye of a subordinate agent of Von Bork, who recommended me as a likely man, you will realize that the matter was complex. Since then I have been honoured by his confidence, which has not prevented most of his plans going subtly wrong and five of his best agents being in prison. I watched them, Watson, and I picked them as they ripened. Well, sir, I hope that you are none the worse!"

The last remark was addressed to Von Bork himself, who after much gasping and blinking had lain quietly listening to Holmes's statement. He broke out now into a furious stream of German invective, his face convulsed with passion. Holmes continued his swift investigation of documents while his prisoner cursed and swore.

"Though unmusical, German is the most expressive of all languages," he observed when Von Bork had stopped from pure exhaustion. "Hullo! Hullo!" he added as he looked hard at the corner of a tracing before putting it in the box. "This should put another bird in the cage. I had no idea that the paymaster was such a rascal, though I have long had an eye upon him. Mister Von Bork, you have a great deal to answer for."

The prisoner had raised himself with some difficulty upon the sofa and was staring with a strange mixture of amazement and hatred at his captor.

"I shall get level with you, Altamont," he said, speaking with slow deliberation. "If it takes me all my life I shall get level with you!"

"The old sweet song," said Holmes. "How often have I heard it in days gone by. It was a favorite ditty of the late lamented Professor Moriarty. Colonel Sebastian Moran has also been known to warble it. And yet I live and keep bees upon the South Downs."

"Curse you, you double traitor!" cried the German, straining against his bonds and glaring murder from his furious eyes.

"No, no, it is not so bad as that," said Holmes, smiling. "As my speech surely shows you, Mr. Altamont of Chicago had no existence in fact. I used him and he is gone."

"Then who are you?"

"It is really immaterial who I am, but since the matter seems to interest you, Mr. Von Bork, I may say that this is not my first acquaintance with the members of your family. I have done a good deal of business in Germany in the past and my name is probably familiar to you."

"I would wish to know it," said the Prussian grimly.

"It was I who brought about the separation between Irene Adler and the late King of Bohemia when your cousin Heinrich was the Imperial Envoy. It was I also who saved from murder, by the Nihilist Klopman, Count Von und Zu Grafenstein, who was your mother's elder brother. It was I-"

Von Bork sat up in amazement.

"There is only one man," he cried.

"Exactly," said Holmes.

Von Bork groaned and sank back on the sofa. "And most of that information came through you," he cried. "What is it worth? What have I done? It is my ruin forever!"

"It is certainly a little untrustworthy," said Holmes. "It will require some checking and you have little time to check it. Your admiral may find the new guns rather larger than he expects, and the cruisers perhaps a trifle faster."

Von Bork clutched at his own throat in despair.

"There are a good many other points of detail which will, no doubt, come to light in good time. But you have one quality which is very rare in a German, Mr. Von Bork: you are a sportsman and you will bear me no ill-will when you realize that you, who have outwitted so many other people, have at last been outwitted yourself. After all, you have done your best for your country, and I have done my best for mine, and what could be more natural? Besides," he added, not unkindly, as he laid his hand upon the shoulder of the prostrate man, "it is better than to fall before some ignoble foe. These papers are now ready, Watson. If you will help me with our prisoner, I think that we may get started for London at once."

It was no easy task to move Von Bork, for he was a strong and a desperate man. Finally, holding either arm, the two friends walked him very slowly down the garden walk which he had trod with such proud confidence when he received the congratulations of the famous diplomatist only a few hours before. After a short, final struggle he was hoisted, still bound hand and foot, into the spare seat of the little car. His precious valise was wedged in beside him.

"I trust that you are as comfortable as circumstances permit," said Holmes when the final arrangements were made. "Should I be guilty of a liberty if I lit a cigar and placed it between your lips?"

But all amenities were wasted upon the angry German.

"I suppose you realize, Mr. Sherlock Holmes," said he, "that if your government bears you out in this treatment it becomes an act of war."

"What about your government and all this treatment?" said Holmes, tapping the valise.

"You are a private individual. You have no warrant for my arrest. The whole proceeding is absolutely illegal and outrageous."

"Absolutely," said Holmes.

"Kidnapping a German subject."

"And stealing his private papers."

"Well, you realize your position, you and your accomplice here. If I were to shout for help as we pass through the village-"

"My dear sir, if you did anything so foolish you would probably enlarge the two limited titles of our village inns by giving us 'The Dangling Prussian' as a signpost. The Englishman is a patient creature, but at present his temper is a little inflamed, and it would be as well not to try him too far. No, Mr. Von Bork, you will go with us in a quiet, sensible fashion to Scotland Yard, whence you can send for your friend, Baron Von Herling, and see if even now you may not fill that place which he has reserved for you in the ambassadorial suite. As to you, Watson, you are joining us with your old service, as I understand, so London won't be out of your way. Stand with me here upon the terrace, for it may be the last quiet talk that we shall ever have."

The two friends chatted in intimate converse for a few minutes, recalling once again the days of the past, while their prisoner vainly wriggled to undo the bonds that held him. As they turned to the car Holmes pointed back to the moonlit sea and shook a thoughtful head.

"There's an east wind coming, Watson."

"I think not, Holmes. It is very warm."

"Good old Watson! You are the one fixed point in a changing age. There's an east wind coming all the same, such a wind as never blew on England yet. It will be cold and bitter, Watson, and a good many of us may wither before its blast. But it's God's own wind nonetheless, and a cleaner, better, stronger land will lie in the sunshine when the storm has cleared. Start her up, Watson, for it's time that we were on our way. I have a check for five hundred pounds which should be cashed early, for the drawer is quite capable of stopping it if he can."

The End

