Pollux

The cave wound upward through the earth, and Pollux grasped Castor's hand as he led him across the uneven ground. Cerberus's snarls echoed through the tunnel, and though Pollux would've rather let the hellhound feast on his own innards than admit it, fear coursed through him like adrenaline. Hades's massive three-headed guardian of the Underworld couldn't hurt the dead, but Pollux wasn't afraid of a dog. He was afraid of the god who trailed him.

So maybe breaking his brother out of the Underworld wasn't exactly the smartest idea Pollux had ever had, but the council hadn't given him much of a choice.

"Come on," he said, pulling his brother's arm. "It isn't far now."

"You said that three miles ago." Castor stumbled, but Pollux was there in an instant, pulling him back to his feet.

"And now we're three miles closer than we were before. Stop complaining and start running."

They staggered through the cave together, and behind them, Cerberus's growls grew louder. Neither brother said a word as they climbed, drawing closer to safety with each step. One foot in front of the other, again and again and again. That was all they could do.

Cerberus was gaining on them. His breath blew warm on the back of Pollux's neck, and it reeked of bone and blood and death. Pollux urged his brother forward, half dragging him now. At last the darkness gave way to a faint glow, and his heart pounded. So close. So damn close. Just a little farther and-

Castor cried out.

Whirling around, Pollux's insides turn to ice. Cerberus loomed behind them now, close enough to reach out and touch; and Castor's leg was caught between his teeth. Didn't matter that Castor couldn't be injured, not when he was already technically dead. If they lingered too long, capture would mean proper death this time. And permanent separation.

Pollux didn't think. Mustering all of the strength he had, he drew his arm back and punched the dog in the mouth. One more reason for Hades to hunt them down and skin them alive, but it did the trick. Cerberus whined and dropped Castor, and the dog pawed at his injured jaw while the other two heads growled.

"All right?" said Pollux, helping his brother up.

"I'm fine," gasped Castor. "Did you just-"

"Yell at me later. Let's go."

The light grew stronger as the stench of Cerberus's breath grew fainter. Finally, finally they reached the entrance to the cave, and Pollux whooped. They'd done it. They'd actually done it, and at last they were safe. Or at least what passed for it.

Together he and his brother burst into the daylight, and he squinted, blinded by the sun. The leaves rustled in the summer breeze, and Pollux's heart soared. It didn't matter that he'd gone against the council of Olympians. It didn't matter that by doing so, he'd severed all ties to his father. It didn't matter that they would be hunted for as long as they remained on the run.

What mattered was that he and Castor were together, and nothing, not even the gods, not even the cruelest destiny the Fates could imagine, would break them apart again. Not as long as Pollux had a breath in his body.

Glancing over his shoulder, he spotted Hades' silhouette among the cavern rocks. The surface wasn't his realm. He couldn't pursue them out here. But one toe back inside that cave, and they would be his.

The wind grew still. Without warning, a bolt of lightning sizzled through the air, striking a tree only feet from where they stood. Castor jumped backward toward the mouth of the cave, toward Hades and eternal separation, but Pollux pulled his brother back into the open. He would have rather endured a thousand lightning strikes than willingly return his brother to their captor.

A great thunderclap echoed through the endless sky, rattling Pollux's teeth, and they exchanged a look. Zeus never missed. He too knew the consequences of stepping back into that cave, and there was no doubt in Pollux's mind that the King of the Gods would stop at nothing to defend his pride.

Taking heed of his father's warning, Pollux grasped Castor's hand and ran.

Kate

Six months. One hundred and eighty-four days. That was how long I had to stay away from Eden, where Henry, my brand-new husband, waited for me to return in September. Looking forward, it seemed like forever, and the idea of being away from him for so long made me ache.

But I hadn't had much of a choice. Six months on, six months off. That was the arrangement we'd made when I'd agreed to stay at his manor in Eden in exchange for him keeping my sick mother alive. Crazy as it sounded, Henry was really Hades, God of the Underworld, and he was more than capable of it.

I didn't regret our deal, but after six months of falling in love with him, facing another half a year without him felt like torture. But he'd insisted, and in the end, it was probably for the best that I had a chance to step away from my immortal life and remember what it was like to be human.

During the first seventy-two hours away, I didn't have much time to miss him, mostly because I hadn't gone alone. My best friend, James, had agreed to come with me, and together we'd set off for Greece. He wasn't Henry, but he knew exactly how to cheer me up and get me excited about our summer.

James had our whole trip planned out, and on the plane from New York City to Athens, I'd daydreamed about what the next six months would bring. Tours of ancient ruins. Mouthwatering Greek cuisine. Entire days spent lounging on the beach. And no longer having to look over my shoulder, wondering when someone was going to try to kill me.

Getting lost in a forest our first day there was the last thing I'd had in mind.

"You seriously have no idea where we are?" I said, trudging after James. Three hours after we'd split from our tour group, we were still wandering through the woods outside of Athens, more lost than I'd ever been in my life. James, however, looked like we were taking a light stroll, his hands shoved in his pockets as he admired the scenery.

"Not a clue," he said lightly, and there was something in his voice that made me think otherwise. I had no choice but to follow him though.

"If this is some trick to get me alone," I muttered. Couldn't put it past him-had I failed my tests in Eden, James would have replaced Henry as Lord of the Underworld. And even though I wouldn't have had any memory of my time in Eden, I was certain he had his eye on replacing him as my husband as well. Henry had won that fight, but from the looks James had given me ever since, it was clear he didn't realize the contest was over. Or that there'd never been one to begin with. I was Henry's, plain and simple.

James grinned. "You really think I'd do that?"

"Yes, even though you know damn well I wouldn't kiss you for anything."

He placed his hand over his heart with mock hurt. "You wound me, Kate."

"If you don't find civilization within the next fifteen minutes, I'll show you what a wound really is."

He flung his arm around my shoulders, and I tried to shrug it off to no avail. "You need to learn to take in the scenery. Enjoy the little things in life. We've got six months before we need to be anywhere."

"Yeah, and by the time September rolls around, I'd like to not still be wandering," I muttered. "Seriously, James, if you think I'm sleeping on the forest floor-"

Crack.

A twig snapped nearby. James stopped, forcing me to as well, and his gaze darted around the surrounding trees. I frowned. It wasn't like there was anyone else out here. And if there was, terrific, maybe they'd know a way back.

"What-"

James shushed me, and I glared at him. His brow was furrowed, but as the seconds passed, his worry gave way to a boyish grin. "Excellent," he whispered, and I rolled my eyes.

"If you don't tell me what's going on right this minute, I swear I'll-"

"What the hell do you think you're doing here?"

That gruff voice didn't belong to James. I jumped, and a half naked young man stepped out from behind a thick trunk. His dark hair was pulled back into a ponytail, and I could've done laundry on his abs.

I blushed. I'd been married to Henry all of three days, and already I was drooling after the shirtless locals. No way in hell was I lasting six whole months without him. Maybe James would take me back to Eden early, if we ever found civilization again.

I tried to step forward to greet him, but James's grip on my shoulders tightened, holding me back. "Pollux," said James with a nod. "It's been a while. I see you still haven't found a shirt."

Pollux. The name rang a bell, but I couldn't place it. Another god? From the looks of him, it wouldn't have surprised me.

"Hermes. It's Lux now," he said in his heavily accented voice. Most of it was English, but there were hints of other , ats of oplaces, too. And was it my imagination, or was his jaw clenched?

"Ah, so you got the memo as well," said James. "Not that Lux blends in much better than Pollux, but whatever tickles your fancy. I'm called James now."

"And I'm Kate," I said. "What's going on? How do you two know each other?"

Lux eyed me. "Long story. I'm only going to ask you once-piss off."

James's grin faded. "Not exactly asking now, is it?"

"Come on, let's go," I said, tugging on his arm. "Clearly he doesn't want to be bothered."

"No, we're not going," said James. "What the hell's going on, Lux? Where have you been the past three thousand years?"

Right. Definitely a god. Lux growled in the back of his throat. "I like you, James. Don't make me do something I'll regret to your pretty little friend."

Pretty little friend? Who did he think he was? Apparently it touched a nerve for James as well, because he snapped, "You can't do a damn thing to me, and you know it. On the other hand, all I have to do is let the right people know you're here, and you're a dead man."

Whatever line James was toeing, he might as well have taken a giant leap across it. Lux snarled and flew toward us so fast that I didn't have time to move away. James managed to push me aside a fraction of a second before Lux tackled him, and the pair of them hit the ground hard.

"Stop it!" I screeched. Lux had James pinned with his knees, and his fists were a blur as he beat the unholy snot out of him. James struggled against him, but he wasn't a fighter, not like Lux clearly was. Could gods hurt other gods? I had no idea.

In a fit of desperation, I grabbed Lux's ponytail and yanked back hard. It was enough to throw him off balance, and he hissed, scrambling back to his feet.

He advanced toward me, and I stumbled backward. Terrific. Not only did shirtless guy like to fight, but he had no qualms about hitting a girl. Which would've been fine, except the only self-defense I knew was a knee to the boy parts and running away as fast as I could.

"Lux." A quiet voice echoed through the trees as if the wind were carrying it, and Lux stopped dead in his tracks. He didn't take his eyes off me though, and had he not been half a step away from pummeling me, I wouldn't have minded. They were a beautiful shade of brown. Pity he had such a temper.

"I told you not to leave," said Lux through gritted teeth. "Go back to the cottage."

"They're not here to hurt us." Another young man stepped through the trees, and I did a double take. He and Lux were identical, down to their worn jeans and rebellion against shirts. "Let them go."

Lux's eyes searched mine, as if he were certain he'd be able to find some sort of malicious intent by staring me down. However, James chose that moment to sit up and groan, and Lux broke away from me, positioning himself between James and his brother. Apparently I wasn't so much of a threat after hreat aall. "They shouldn't be here."

"Neither should you," muttered James. He stumbled to his feet, and to my relief, he looked completely unharmed. Just dazed. "What are you two doing back in Greece?"

The brother who hadn't beat James into pulp shrugged. "You know how it is. Hide in the last place they'd expect. We're just passing through anyhow."

"And we're leaving now." Lux took his brother's arm, but he stood his ground, refusing to budge. "Casey, let's go."

James snorted. "Casey and Lux? Really trying to hide your identities there, aren't you?"

Lux glared at him, and I linked my elbow with James's. "Don't antagonize him," I muttered. "Let's just go, all right?"

"I'm very sorry for my brother's behavior," said Casey from the other side of a growling Lux. "Our interactions with the other members of the council have been less than pleasant, but James has been good to us. Please-night's about to fall. Stay with us. As an apology."

"Thought you had to go," said James as Lux spun around to face his brother. Before he could open his mouth, however, Casey gave him a steely look.

"We were in the process of sitting down to dinner when Lux sensed you coming. As long as the other members of the council aren't with you, we can afford to stay the night like we'd planned."

I glanced toward the dusky purple sky. "How far are we from Athens?"

"Half a day's walk," said Casey, and I groaned.

"James. You promised we weren't far."

"He knew we were here," muttered Lux. "That's why he dragged you out this far. To check on us."

I rounded on James. "You dragged me out into the middle of nowhere to check on two people who clearly want nothing to do with you? And who have no problem punching your lights out?"

James shrugged sheepishly. "It's been a while. I wanted to see how they were."

A wolf howled in the distance, and all four of us turned in the same direction at once. It would've been funny had Lux and Casey not looked so terrified.

"You can either come with us or piss off. Doesn't matter to me," said Lux, tugging his brother in the opposite direction. This time Casey didn't struggle.

They hurried off, and James started to follow, but I held him back. "We're seriously going to have a sleepover with someone who just tried to grind your bones into dust?"

He shrugged. "They're my brothers."

"No, we're not," called Lux. "Casey's my brother. You're an unfortunate relation I try to forget exists."

James grinned. "Can't take it personally. They say that about the whole family. Come on, I haven't caught up witidtaught uh them in ages-just one night."

He gave me a pleading look that should've been illegal, and I groaned. "You're an ass. There better be indoor plumbing."

"There isn't."

I elbowed him. Hard.

"Coming or not?" called Lux, far enough away now that his voice was distant. I gave James one more good glare, and together we raced through the underbrush to catch up with the twins.

After half a mile of trudging through the forest, we came to an abandoned cottage hidden by deep thickets and tangles of vines. If Lux and Casey hadn't led us to the front door, I would've missed it entirely. "It looks like it belongs in a fairy tale," I said.

"Don't get too attached." Lux undid an old wooden latch and pushed open the door. The inside was dark, but he waved his hand, and a fire roared to life underneath a stone mantel. Everything inside looked straight out of a historical movie set-handcrafted furniture, not crude but certainly not made by machines. No sink or refrigerator, just a simple wooden table with two place settings. And a single bed that couldn't possibly hold more than two people.

"It's nice," I said warily. "Cozy."

Lux let out a bark of laughter. "It's cramped and probably older than we are."

"We use it on occasion," said Casey, who was busying himself at the table. "Haven't been back in a while though. Is anyone hungry? We managed to score some game on our way here."

"Game?" I said.

"Yeah, rabbits." Casey held up a platter full of sliced meat, and my stomach churned. "It's not perfect, but it's good enough."

I shook my head. "We ate back at the hotel. Thanks though."

"Who's this we you speak of?" said James. "I'm starving."

Casey smirked. It was easy to tell them apart when they were talking, but that look on his face reminded me entirely too much of his brother. He fixed two plates, heaping each with what had to be an entire rabbit. "Help yourself. Lux, eat."

While James attacked his food, Lux grunted and sat down heavily at the table, digging in with his bare hands. I glanced at James, searching his face for some explanation as to why these two were living in the fifth century, but he was too busy chewing to notice.

"I'm sorry, we didn't have the chance to introduce ourselves properly back in the forest." Casey stepped toward me, a warm smile on his face as he offered me his hand. "I'm Casey, and this is my brother, Lux."

"I gathered." I smiled back and shook his hand. "I'm Kate Winters. I'm Henry's new wife."

"Henry?" said Casey. Behind him, James began to cough.

"Henry-Hades?" I said. "I'm Persephone's replacement."

Everyone stov hEveryonpped moving, as if someone had hit the pause button. James sat frozen, his eyes wide. Across from him, Lux stopped mid-chew. All three of them stared at me.

The fire crackled, and my face grew warm. It was the first time I'd called myself Henry's wife out loud, and it was hard enough to say without this kind of reaction.

"Persephone's gone?" said Casey after an unbearably long silence. I nodded.

"Sort of a long story, but she decided to give up her immortality. Henry was going to fade if he didn't find someone new, so..." I shrugged. "The council tested me, and I'm his wife now."

"And Queen of the Underworld?" he said slowly, as if he were trying to wrap his head around it.

James cleared his throat nervously. "She isn't queen yet. They only just married a few days ago, and she's on her six month sabbatical-"

Crash.

The sound of pottery shattering cut him off, and Lux pulled his fist from his broken plate. Bits of rabbit meat had splattered across the cottage, a large chunk landing in James's hair, but neither twin said a word about it.

"Let me get this straight." Lux rose, his muscles rippling underneath his flawless skin. "Not only did you hunt us down, something you'd promised you'd never do, but you brought Hades's wife with you as well?"

While his eyes were focused on me, his head was tilted toward James, who looked ready to fly through the roof if that was what it took to get away from Lux. "I swear to you, she has no idea," said James. "She was born mortal, and she has nothing to do-"

"That's not the point. You think Hades isn't watching every move she makes? You think they don't know we're here by now?"

"Lux." Casey's quiet voice cut through the air. "Shut up. Kate, you won't tell anyone you saw us, right?"

I blinked. "I-of course not. What the hell's going on?"

"We're leaving, that's what's going on," thundered Lux. "Casey, get your shit and let's get out of-"

"No." For the second time in ten seconds, Casey effectively leashed his brother's temper. "We're not leaving until you've rested. You're going to eat and regain your strength, and in the meantime, we're all going to sit down and talk this out. James must have had a reason for bringing her here."

"Yeah, so she can report back to Hades dearest," said Lux.

James blanched. "Honest, she just happened to be with me. She won't say anything, right, Kate?"

Whoever these men were, they had the power to turn James into a babbling boy, and that terrified me. I crossed my arms and said with more bravado than I felt, "I already said I wouldn't. Will someone please tell me what's going on before I really do have to go to Henry to figure it all out?"

Casey ge;%">Casstured to one of the mismatched chairs settled around the fire, and I perched on the edge. He took the one across from me, and without looking over his shoulder, he said to his brother, "Sit back down and finish."

Lux grumbled, but did as he was told. He didn't exactly look like he was weak and about to pass out, but I had a feeling he didn't argue with his brother all too often.

I cleared my throat. "What's going on? I swear I won't talk to anyone about this."

"I know you won't." Casey reached across the space between us and set his hand on mine. "Really. If James trusts you, so do we, despite what my brother wants you to believe. We're Castor and Pollux. The Gemini twins."

"The-what? You mean like the zodiac sign?" I glanced at James again, but his head was bowed, and he shoveled food into his mouth so quickly that it was a miracle he didn't choke on it.

"Yes, something like that," said Casey. I frowned, and the myth Irene had briefly covered during my time at Eden Manor surfaced from its hiding spot in the back of my mind.

Twin brothers, one mortal, one immortal-and when the mortal one died, the immortal one begged Zeus to allow him to share his immortality with his brother. "Didn't Zeus turn you into stars?" I said stupidly.

At the table, Lux snorted, but Casey ignored him. "That's one version of the myth, yes, but oral stories change over time when they are not drawn from a written source. As mortals told our story, they warped it into something more than it was-something magical, with a happy ending. Something they could draw a lesson from. As I'm sure you've discovered by now, there are several different versions of most of the prominent myths, and many of them do not even come close to the truth."

I nodded. That had become painfully clear when Henry had explained to me exactly what had happened between him and his first wife, Persephone. The myths had detailed how he'd kidnapped her and forced her to be his wife; he'd insisted it was an arranged marriage that had failed, and Persephone had been his willing bride. The rest of the council of Olympians had confirmed his side of the story.

"So what really happened?" I said. "Why are you so afraid of Henry?"

Lux scoffed. "We're not afraid of him."

"Sure seems that way to me," I said, and Casey managed a small smile.

"Forgive Lux. He does not admit weakness easily. The beginning of the story is true, for the most part. We have different fathers, but obviously we are twins."

It was my turn to smile. "Obviously." They were identical down to their slightly crooked bottom teeth.

"Whether I was made in Lux's image or Lux in mine, we don't know. We were born to the same mother at the same time, and we were raised as my father's sons. He was a king, and we had a good life with our sisters."

"One of which you may know as Helen of Troy," said James from the table, and Lux's expression darkened. Instead of grumbling even more, he shoved a large piece of rabbit into his mouth and took his822and too time chewing.

"Oh." Kind of hard not to know about her. "Right, so-happy childhood with a gorgeous sister who inspired a war. Got it."

"A war we never saw, as I died shortly before the start of it." Casey folded his hands together and stared into the crackling fire. It was the first time during our conversation that he hadn't met my eyes. "After my death, Lux went to his father-"

"He's not my father," said Lux through a mouthful of rabbit.

"Lux went to Zeus and begged that he allow us to stay together. Zeus relented, and he told my brother that we would alternate days between the Underworld and Olympus."

"Lying bastard." Lux again, though at least this time he'd swallowed.

"He did not lie," corrected Casey. "Lux simply understood it one way while Zeus meant it another."

James stood, his meal only half-eaten, and he moved to sit with us. "It wasn't a misunderstanding. Zeus knew what he was doing."

"Told you," said Lux, and Casey sighed.

"Yes, well, regardless. My brother understood it to mean we would spend one day in the Underworld, one day in Olympus-together. Zeus, however, meant that we would spend it apart, sharing Lux's rightful time in Olympus and mine in the Underworld."

My hands tightened into fists. No one had to tell me how much the council enjoyed trickery. The past six months of my life had been one big deception on their part, though I didn't hold a grudge. It'd all turned out perfectly all right for me-better than all right, even. But nothing about what Zeus had put Casey and Lux through was even remotely okay. "I'm sorry," I said. "You're together now though, right?"

Lux pushed his empty plate away. "Not because of anything Zeus did. Once I realized what was happening, I broke my brother out of the Underworld, and we've been on the run from the council ever since."

"There's a bounty on our heads," said Casey. "Quite generous, really."

"Thankfully the council's mostly too busy to look for us, and the minor gods can't tell their arses from their armpits." Lux flopped down beside his brother. "But your dear husband is even more interested in finding us than Zeus is. Funny how much escaping from the Underworld can piss someone off."

I narrowed my eyes. "What part of 'I won't say anything' don't you understand?"

"Forgive me if I'm skeptical. You are newlyweds, after all."

Casey set his hand on his brother's shoulder. "Let it go. Kate, we don't have many friends among the members of the council. They don't take kindly to having the tables turned on them. Hermes-James, he's the only one who's shown us any kindness at all."

"Well, you can count me as a friend, too," I said. "I'm not going to let their egos get in the way of me helping you.Rhe ing you21;

"See?" Casey nudged his brother. "She's not so bad."

Lux scoffed, his dark eyes fixed on me. "I'll believe it when I see it."

His lack of trust didn't exactly inspire my confidence in him either, but at least he had a legitimate reason for being suspicious. I stared back, refusing to look away, and the seconds ticked by. Lux smirked.

"Feisty."

I wrinkled my nose and gave him a look, which he returned mockingly. Casey grinned and patted his brother on the knee. Now that they were beside each other, they were in constant physical contact, as if reassuring themselves that the other was still there. I didn't blame them.

"You need rest," said Casey to Lux. "Go to bed, and we'll figure out where James and Kate will-"

"Stop." Lux tensed, and he turned toward the door. Several seconds of silence passed, and he whispered, "Did you hear that?"

I expected Casey to brush aside his concern, but instead they stood together. "Come on," said Casey, and he fetched a pair of backpacks from the corner. "If we leave now we might be able to-"

A chorus of howls shattered the quiet night, and Lux swore. Loudly. "Artemis. I told you," he growled. "I bloody told you."

James jumped to his feet, and I joined him. "What's going on? Is everything okay?" I said, and he shook his head.

"Ella's out there."

Ella, another member of the council. And according to the twins, another person who wanted them dead. My stomach dropped, and I peeked through the threadbare curtains. Sure enough, Ella stood bathed in moonlight not fifteen feet from the cottage door, and several hulking silhouettes loomed over her. Even in the darkness I could see the bow in her hand and the quiver of arrows slung over her shoulder, and she glared at the cottage as if it had personally offended her.

Perfect.

A rough hand grabbed my wrist and yanked me away from the window. Lux. "You did this, didn't you? Somehow you told them."

"Are you crazy?" I tried to pull my arm away, but my newfound immortality was the only reason his grip didn't shatter my wrist bones. "How could I have possibly told anyone? I would never-"

"Of course you would. Look who you married," he snarled.

"Lux, shut up." Casey rammed his shoulder against a seemingly solid part of wall, but the wood groaned, and a piece half the size of a door came loose. An exit. One big enough for us to squeeze through. "Are you coming?"

Lux hesitated, apparently wavering between exacting vengeance on me or going with his brother. Finally he yanked me along with him. "Like hell I'm letting you go back to them. You're staying with us."

I hurried along and gave James an anxious look, but his face was drawn. Would he have somehow told Ella where we were? Or was Lux right-was Henry watching 220ry watcme, and was that how he found out?

We burst into the cool night air, and the four of us took off at a dead sprint. Running with my arm attached to Lux was damn near impossible, but every time I stumbled, he pulled me up with inhuman strength, and we kept going.

At last, once we were so lost I wasn't even sure which direction the cottage was in, we all stopped. I was the only one who was breathing heavily. The others were too immortal or too dead to care about oxygen, but my body was still adjusting to the changes.

"Did we lose them?" said Casey, his cool demeanor all but gone. Instead he looked like a hunted animal, his eyes wide and his muscles flexing with the need to keep moving.

Lux hesitated. "I'm not-"

Suddenly an impossibly huge dog burst through the trees, snarling and snapping at us. Saliva dripped from its razor teeth, and its eyes glittered with the need to catch its prey. To catch us. I shrieked, and the four of us took off all over again. The dog tried to follow, but its large paws kept getting caught in the underbrush. At least that gave us a chance to get out of there.

This time I was the one leading Lux through the woods. Another dog appeared, somehow even bigger than the first, and Casey and James veered off to the left.

Where were they going? "James!" I shouted, and even though there was a canine the size of a Honda in our way, Lux turned sharply to follow them. The first dog skidded through the dirt and turned a tree into splinters, but that didn't seem to faze it at all. Instead it changed course with ease, snapping at our heels.

I ran as fast as I could, dodging trees and roots and only looking as far ahead as I had to in order not to trip. Lux guided us down James and Casey's path, and another set of snarls echoed through the woods ahead of us. But we had more pressing matters to worry about, like the dog that was about half an inch from taking off our legs.

"Lux!" I screeched. Instead of running faster, he let go of my wrist and whirled around. Without warning, he sent his fist flying into the dog's jaw, and the resounding crack made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. The dog howled, and Lux howled right back.

"Piss off, you hairy beast, before I break your skull."

To my astonishment, the pair of them stared each other down for the space of several heartbeats, until at last the hound whimpered and ran in the opposite direction. How the hell had he done that?

"Was it absolutely necessary to hurt it?" I said. Lux's skin glistened with sweat, and his eyes were practically on fire.

"Yes, else she would've used us as a chew toy. It's an old trick. Works every time. Let's go."

He didn't need to tell me twice. We took off running together in the direction Casey and James had disappeared. "Casey?" he called. "Casey!"

Sprinting through the woods, I kept my ears peeled for the sound of snarling, but I heard nothing. Just our feet as we crashed through the forest, making no effort to hide our path. Lux's shouts grew wilder and wilder, until the desperate way he yelled his brother's name broke my hearr oroke myt.

At last he stopped, breathing as heavily as I was. His eyes were crazed, and his hands reached out for something that wasn't there. "Casey!" he screamed, the name long and drawn out.

"Lux-Lux, he isn't here." I touched his elbow, but he jerked back, raising his fist as if he were going to punch me, too. Our eyes met, and after a long moment, he lowered his guard.

"This is your fault. You're the reason we got separated."

"No, I'm not," I said, but he was beyond reason. He leaned against a tree, slumped over and pale with exhaustion. At least now I understood why Casey had been trying to get him to rest. He could barely stand up.

"It's your fault," he whispered, sinking to the ground and digging his nails into the soil. As he squeezed his eyes shut, tears slid down his cheeks, carving a path through the smudges of dirt. "He's gone, and it's your fault."

I was silent. There was nothing I could say or do short of producing Casey that would make this any better. My insides ached with worry, but Casey was with James, and he wouldn't let anything happen to him. He couldn't.

With a gut-wrenching sob, Lux turned his face up to the star-filled sky and screamed, the sound of it reverberating through my very being. I closed my eyes. After everything they'd been through, this would not be the end. I would make sure of it.

Henry

Henry slumped against his black diamond throne, and with a wave of his hand, the woman he'd spent half the day arguing with disappeared back into her afterlife. He enjoyed a good debate as much as the next person, a necessary trait when it came to ruling over the reluctant dead, but hours upon hours of irrational stubbornness in the face of logic and reasoning made him want to jump headfirst into the River Styx.

Of all the members of the council, he was the one most likely to sympathize with those who had been dealt a fate they did not want. But it was not fate itself that mattered; it was how a soul handled it that he had to judge. The vast majority of citizens in his kingdom never set foot inside his throne room, and he preferred it that way. However, for those who came to him without any idea of what sort of afterlife they deserved, he judged as fairly and without bias as he could. Sometimes it was a kind afterlife; other times it was not. But his rulings always stood no matter how lively the debate became.

"I see you have had a rough day," said a familiar voice, and Henry glanced up. Walter stood framed between the columns that lined the aisle, his lips turned downward.

"Yes, I have," said Henry. "And I have the feeling it is about to get worse."

"Perhaps, or perhaps not," said Walter. "It all depends on which you value more."

Henry frowned. It would be one of those conversations then. Walter never missed an opportunity to lord information over other members of the council, especially the original six siblings. "Get to the point."

"Temper, temper. I setmight decide not to tell you after all."

"Very well, then don't." Henry stood, feeling every single one of his eternal years as he stretched.

For a split second, shock displayed on Walter's face, and Henry had to hold back a smile. It never failed. Though Walter was powerful and rightly King of the Sky, the one thing he could not handle was losing control over a situation. Normally Henry indulged him, but not today. The stress of letting Kate go was difficult enough. No telling where she was or what she was doing, or worse, who she was with. And if she did not return come September-

Henry stopped that train of thought. No use thinking about it. He'd promised her privacy, and he would hold himself to it.

He was halfway down the aisle when Walter managed to regain his senses. "Tell me, brother, what would you do to get your hands on the twins?"

At first Henry kept walking. He was far too weary for riddles. But as he was about to pass into the antechamber, the solution dawned on him, and he faced his brother. "Castor and Pollux?"

Walter's mouth twisted into a satisfied smirk. "The very same."

"You've found them?"

"In a manner of speaking." Walter gestured to the empty pews on either side of the aisle. Normally they were full of souls that awaited judgment, but Henry had dismissed the rest, sending them into a peaceful afterlife for now. He'd had enough for today.

Together the brothers sat beside one another, and Walter folded his hands, pausing in a clear attempt to regain control of the situation. He knew he had Henry's attention, but Henry did not mind. Not if it meant finding Castor and Pollux.

"I received a tip that they are in Greece," said Walter at last, enunciating each syllable. "Ella has hunted them down."

"Excellent," said Henry. "She will bring them in?"

Walter hesitated. "She has not yet managed to...er, apprehend them."

"Of course she hasn't." Henry pinched the bridge of his nose. It was always something. After millennia of chasing the twins down, this certainly wasn't the first time they'd come close, and it wouldn't be the first time they'd lost them either. "And you have come to me why?"

"Because we've managed to separate them," said Walter. "Unfortunately they were not alone when Ella found them."

Henry stilled, and he wrapped his fingers around the edge of the pew. There was only one reason Walter would come to him instead of the others. "Kate?"

His brother nodded, and Henry swore softly. Of course she was the one to run into them after the council had spent thousands upon thousands of years searching for them. What else did he expect?

"How on earth did she find them?"

"As my understanding goes, she is spending the summer in Greece with James."

The wooden pew turned to splinters in Henry's grip, and his body0%"and his went cold. James. Of all the people in the world, she was spending her time away with James.

With James.

He'd been right. His day had just become exponentially worse.

"What do you expect me to do about it?" he said through gritted teeth. "She is my wife, not my charge, and it is her time off. I have promised to give her six months to lead whatever life she wishes, and I will not interfere with that."

"I am not asking you to interfere," said Walter, though it was clear from the defensive note in his voice that that was exactly what he'd planned on. "I am asking you to simply...be prepared."

Be prepared to meddle in affairs that should have long been put to rest. No doubt they knew who Kate was by now; and if she were anywhere near Pollux when he'd become separated from Castor, her very life would be in danger. And once again, it would be Henry's fault.

Even if she was not, even if fate was on their side, he had no doubt of where her loyalty on the matter would lie. She did not understand the rules of the Underworld. She did not understand the utmost importance of keeping to them. All she would see were two brothers who loved each other so much that they were willing to risk their very existence to stay together.

She would see their loyalty to each other, not Henry's loyalty to his eternal responsibilities and obligations. And he would once again be cast as the villain, as he had been upon taking Ava's life a second time. Now, however, there would be no easy fix.

"Do-" To his horror, his voice cracked, and he swallowed his unease. "Do you intend on upholding your initial ruling on the matter?"

"Regarding their separation? Of course." Walter examined his fingernails, seemingly oblivious to the tension between them. He must have known though; he always knew.

"And Kate is involved."

"Yes."

"You are asking me to help you knowing that it will damage my relationship with her."

Walter arched his eyebrow. "My dear brother, as I have already said, I am not asking for your-"

"Yes, you are." Henry stood. "You would not have alerted me to this development before its outcome is decided unless you needed me. Do not play games. Tell me what you need."

Walter's lips quirked into an annoyed expression, but to his credit, he rose as well and said calmly, "I need you to ensure that Castor and Pollux do not reunite. They will not stray far from the area without each other."

"And how do you expect me to do that without threatening my relationship with Kate?"

He shrugged. "That is up to you, brother. I am only the messenger, after all. If you do not wish for the twins to be captured, then so be it. But I was under the impression that this was as important to you as it was to me."

Henry clenched his jaw. Castor was rightfully a citizen of the Underworld, and every day he spent on the surface was another reminder of Henry's failings as a kip lings aing. He had to be returned to his rightful place, and Walter's pride dictated his need to ensure that Pollux no longer thumbed his nose at the council. "Which brother is Kate with?"

"Ella believes she is with Pollux," said Walter, and Henry took a deep breath. He needed no other information. Whether it was the right thing to do or not, his hands were tied.

"Very well. I will find a way to keep the twins apart. But you have twenty-four hours-I will give you no more than that."

Walter inclined his head. "I assure you it will be enough time."

His brother walked down the aisle and back the way he'd come. Once he was gone, Henry exhaled and closed his eyes, and the still air of the Underworld changed to the breeze of the world above. He stood in a field near the edge of a Greek forest, and as he cleared his mind, he reached out, searching for the familiar.

Ah. There. He may not have had the hunting skills of certain other members of the council, but with close proximity, it was not difficult to find the others.

James.

He pushed the thought outward, and for several seconds he heard only the chirping of birds and the rustling of leaves. At last, however, a thought returned to him, and even without a voice, Henry could sense James's wariness. Henry did not blame him, all things considered.

What do you want?

I would like to know where you are.

You really think I'm going to tell you?

Henry closed his eyes again, and this time he landed amongst the trees. I am not here to antagonize you.

Yeah? Sure could've fooled me.

Less time to receive a reply. James was much closer now. Is Kate with you?

No.

Where is she?

I don't know.

Henry clenched his fists. Yes, you do.

She's safe. She's with Pollux.

"Safe" and "with Pollux" are mutually exclusive.

Too bad. It's her six months off, and you have no business going anywhere near her.

Henry closed his eyes, and this time when he opened them, James and one of the twins-Castor-stood only a dozen feet away. Their reaction was immediate; James stepped in front of Castor, who turned the color of chalk, and once again Henry and James were facing off. A villain and a hero. Funny how those roles were so interchangeable between them.

"You can't have him," said James, a distinct gravel in his voice.

"I will only ask you this one more time," said Henry. "If you do not answer me, I will take Casey to a place where not even you will be able to find him. Where i

James pursed his lips, and his eyes hardened, but he said nothing. Of course he did not. To him, this was a challenge-a chance to win a battle in their never-ending war. Everything else came in second to him, even Kate's safety. Even Kate's life. James must have known that if there was a way to kill her and exact revenge upon Henry, Pollux would find a way to do it. Yet he did not care.

Henry drew a long, deep breath, forcing himself to keep calm. "Now is not the time to get into a pissing contest. Her very existence could be at risk if you do not tell me where she is-"

"She's immortal now," spat James. "And Lux isn't the monster you think he is."

"My brother would never hurt her," said Castor, his voice quaking, but he had a steely look in his eyes that Henry admired. Courage in the face of his ultimate fear. No wonder the twins had the reputation they did.

"As I would never hurt you," said Henry. Doubt flashed across Castor's expression, but that came as no surprise to Henry. Castor trusted him as much as Henry trusted Pollux. "If anything happens to her, James, it will be on you."

James rolled his eyes, and every fiber of Henry's being screamed at him to blast him back to Olympus. But he kept calm, as he nearly always did. Despite what his brothers seemed to think, anger rarely led to resolutions.

"Very well. Then consider this your doing." One moment Henry was in front of them, and the next he stood beside Castor and touched his shoulder.

James's eyes widened, and he made a grab for Castor. By the time he reached him, however, Henry ensured he touched nothing but air.

Kate

That night was one of the longest of my life. For hours I followed Lux through the forest, attempting to retrace our steps and find his brother, and I was exhausted by the time the sun rose. Even waiting through one of my mother's marathon surgeries to help give her cancer-riddled body a few more months hadn't been that mentally draining.

"Lux, we've passed this spot five times already," I said, dragging myself over a fallen tree. "He's not here."

"He has to be somewhere." Lux shoved aside a low-hanging branch so hard that it snapped in two and fell to the ground.

"Somewhere else then." And if we didn't find him soon, I was afraid Lux would be the one to snap. He'd managed to regain some semblance of control after we'd lost Casey and James, but his eyes were wild, his muscles rigid, and he snarled everything he said to me. When he decided to speak at all.

"Maybe we should stay in one place," I said. "James and Casey will find us."

Lux shook his head and ducked down to check behind a boulder that couldn't possibly hide both of them. "He knows I'm looking for him. He knows to stay put, even if they'd have an easier time of finding us."

"Why's that?" I said, tucking a loose n rhlock of hair behind my ear. I would've given nearly anything for a ponytail holder, not to mention a hot shower and a soft bed.

He gave me a strange look that made me feel three inches tall, and without bothering to answer me, he turned back to his search. I huffed. Fine. Another secret. Not that the gods didn't have enough of them already.

"Maybe we should go back to the cabin," I said. "They're probably waiting for us-"

"No they're not," said a singsongy voice behind me, and I jumped. Lux flew around, focusing on something-or someone-over my shoulder.

I turned, and as soon as I saw the blonde leaning against a tree, I let out a sigh of relief. Finally, someone who might know what was going on. "Ava? What are you doing here?"

She wore a hiking outfit of khakis and a tank top that showed off her curves, and her blond hair was swept over one shoulder in a fashionable braid. She'd even tucked a flower into the end. Stupid of me to expect anything less. "Helping you, of course."

Lux bared his teeth. Apparently he and Casey had been away from civilization for way too long. "Like I would ever accept your help."

"Like I was talking to you," Ava scoffed. "Kate, let's get out of here. Daddy said Henry's worried about you."

I blinked. Henry was worried? "Why?"

"Because if there's one twin to get stuck with, Lux isn't it. I'm supposed to bring you back to Athens."

"Is Henry waiting?" I said, my heart pounding. I'd been certain I wouldn't see him until September, when I was supposed to return to Eden to take up my duties as his queen. But the thought of spending the summer with Henry, or at least seeing him before then, made my chest ache in the best way possible. After all of the uncertainty between us, the thought of him waiting for me made a delicate bubble of hope inside of me expand. He wanted to be with me, his stupid six months away rule be damned.

Ava hesitated. "Er, no."

And there went that bubble.

"I mean, I'm sure he'll come see you," she said quickly. "Just-you know. He's not there now is all."

"Then where is he?" said Lux. "Where's my brother?"

Ava shrugged. "Don't know, don't care."

"Ava don't be like that," I said.

"What? It's not like he wants my help anyway."

I twisted around to face Lux, but before I could ask, he scowled. "I would rather be forced to eat my own liver every day for the rest of eternity."

"See?" said Ava cheerfully. "It's settled. Let's go."

She reached for my hand, but I yanked it back. She may not have wanted to help Lux, but I was already neck deep in this. I wasn't about to abandon him when he had no one else. "e ulse. How did you know where we were?"

"Ella told me, of course."

"And how did Ella know where we were?"

Silence. Ava's eyes widened innocently, and Lux swore so loudly that a flock of birds exploded from the branches above us. "You told them," he roared.

"Me? How could I have possibly known?" she said, but there was something about her voice that triggered a red flag in my mind. I'd heard her tell enough lies, both big and small, to recognize her attempts at hiding the truth when I heard it.

"Ava," I said in a warning tone, "if you want me to go with you, then you need to spit it out. Now."

She sighed dramatically. "Oh, fine. Not like it matters anyway. I was going to join you and James. I mean, it's sort of rotten you invited him to Greece, but not me, you know? So I was following you, waiting for the right moment, and then-"

"And then James hunted us down and led her right to us," said Lux. "Bastard."

I glared at Ava. "I'm sure he didn't do it on purpose. Unlike you."

"Oh, no, he knew I was there," said Ava in that same singsongy voice. "He always knows."

I gritted my teeth. The last thing I needed was for them to shatter my trust in another person. Especially James.. "It doesn't matter. Let's just find Casey."

Ava's face fell. "I thought you were coming with me."

"Yeah, well, I changed my mind." I started down the path, but neither of them followed. "Lux, are you coming or what?"

"Not with her walking behind me."

Terrific. Now I was babysitting two children. "It's not like she can kill you."

"No, but she can do-and has done-much worse," he muttered, and I stopped. Out of all the people on the council, I would've expected Ava to have the most compassion for others, especially Casey and Lux.

"Ava?" I said. "What did you do to them?"

"Nothing serious," she said, and I narrowed my eyes.

"I'll be the judge of that."

Lux started to pace between two trees, careful never to turn his back on Ava. "Casey and I were involved in helping our father pick a husband for our sister, Helen. She-" he glared at Ava "-appeared in our chambers one night and tried to seduce us in exchange for our vote for her favorite candidate."

"It wasn't just that," said Ava, a note of hurt in her voice. "I also offered you both any girls you wanted, you know."

Lux ignored her. "We turned her down. The safety of our sister was more important to us, and she took offense and cursed us."

My mouth dropped open. "Ava!"

She sighed. "It wasn't like it was a big curse or anything."

"Any girl Casey falls in love with, I fall in love with as well," said Lux. "Which doesn't sound too bad until it's put into practice."

"Oh." I frowned. It really didn't sound that bad at all. But after spending the past six months watching what unrequited love and jealousy could do to a person, I could only imagine. "I'm sorry. Ava can fix it though, can't she?"

"Sure," she said. "As soon as Casey's safely back in the Underworld and Daddy's dealt with Pollux."

Lux snarled, and I launched myself between the pair of them. "Hey. Hey. Lux, stop it. Ava, just do it, would you? It's been thousands of years. They've been through enough already."

She shrugged. "Would if I could, but I can't. Daddy would have an apocalyptic fit."

Walter. My frown deepened. Henry in a bad mood was dangerous enough, but throwing in the King of the Gods-right. "Fine. Then we'll figure it out, and once this is over, you're going to talk to Walter and tell him you're lifting the curse. I don't care what you have to do or how much you piss him off. It's happening, or I'm never talking to you again."

Her eyes widened, but this time the expression of hurt on her face was real. "You'd do that to me just because of them?"

"Yes, just because of them. I mean it."

Her brow furrowed, and after several long seconds, she sighed again. "Fine. But you have to come with me now and leave the tracking up to James, else the deal's off."

"You promise you'll undo it if I go with you?" I said, and she reluctantly nodded.

"Cross my heart and hope to-"

A twig snapped, and as Ava fell silent, Lux went rigid all over again. He prowled toward the source of the sound, somehow moving noiselessly despite the underbrush, reminding me of a panther. A pissed-off panther that hadn't bothered to put on a shirt yet.

Before Lux could pounce, however, James stepped out from behind a tree. I shrieked and ran toward him, tackling him with a hug.

"James! You found us!" I gave Lux an I told you so look. "It's about damn time. We've been looking for you since-"

"Where's Casey?"

Lux's voice shattered my relief, and I let go of James and glanced around. He was alone. My stomach dropped. "James?"

He pressed his lips together. "I'm sorry. Henry tracked us down and-"

"Henry? You mean Hades?" Lux paled, and for a moment he looked so utterly shocked that despite his immortality, I was afraid his heart would stop. That he would will his life to end.

But James couldn't possibly be right. Henry would never do that-no mattly 8212;noer what stories they told, he was different now. He was wiser, more compassionate, and he knew how much the two brothers loved each other. He had to understand.

"Did he say where he was taking him?" I said to James, touching Lux's elbow. He shuddered, but at least he didn't jerk away.

"He took him to the Underworld," said James. "Lux, I'm sorry, I-"

"Don't." The very forest seemed to tremble at the danger in his voice. If Lux could've killed us all, I was absolutely sure he would. "This is your bloody fault. After everything you did-"

"Actually, my dear son, this is your fault."

If Lux had been angry before, it was nothing compared to the fury that twisted his expression now, making him nearly unrecognizable. Walter stepped out from between the trees, Ella trailing after him. She slung her bow over her shoulder and smirked, looking so self-satisfied that the urge to wipe that look off her face overwhelmed me. Apparently Lux was rubbing off on me.

Walter, however, looked anything but satisfied. His mouth was set in a thin line, and his forehead furrowed so deeply that his bushy brows nearly obscured his eyes. "You should have never taken your brother from the Underworld to begin with."

"You didn't give me any choice." Lux choked up, and he balled his fists so tightly that his knuckles turned white. "You took him from me-you knew what you were doing to us, and you took him anyway."

"Perhaps, in time, we could have found a compromise," said Walter. "As it stands now, I cannot reward insubordination. We will find your brother, and when we do, the terms of our deal will be abolished. You will no longer share your immortality with him, and you will remain where I can watch over you until you are ready to assume the duties you abandoned."

Heavy silence settled over us, and Lux stiffened. I may not have had a twin brother, but I knew what it was like to lose the only person in the world I loved, and the thought of Lux going through that made me sick to my stomach.

I opened my mouth to say something, but before I could, the temperature dropped twenty degrees, and the wind grew still. One moment Lux was facing Walter, and the next he was sprinting through the space between them, his fist raised and aimed directly for his father's face.

Walter's fingers twitched, and before he could reach him, Lux flew sideways and smashed against a tree. The impact splintered the trunk and sent it crashing into the forest, but Lux pulled himself to his feet, his chest heaving.

"You know better than that," said Walter. "Do not make this any more difficult than it has to be, son."

"I am not your son," snarled Lux.

Walter sighed. "Sometimes I wish that were true. It would be easier on us all."

Thick ropes appeared out of nowhere, and they wrapped around Lux, forcing him against another tree. He struggled as they coiled around the trunk and his body several times, but they glowed with golden light that not even Lux could break. He growled, clawing at the bark with his bare hands, but neither the ropes nor the ty ses nor ree budged.

Walter admired his handiwork. "Much better. Ella, you and the pack will keep Pollux and the others subdued while I find Castor. Do not let him escape."

"Of course, Father," said Ella, and she settled across from Lux, her bow in hand and ready to use. "One wrong move, and I'll put as many arrows through you as it takes."

"You can't kill me," said Lux.

"But I can pin you down."

"None of that, children," said Walter. "I will return, and when I do, I expect everyone to still be intact."

He began to walk away, and Ava gave me an apologetic look as she hurried after him. No chance of her lifting the curse now, not with her father so upset. Lux's eyes watered, and the thought of seeing him cry after all of this stabbed at something inside of me. He was going to lose everything he cared about. The only person in the world he loved-and all because Casey was kind enough to let James and me stay the night.

I couldn't let that happen.

"Wait," I called, hurrying after Walter and Ava. "Please, you can't-"

"Do not presume to tell me what I can and cannot do," said Walter without pausing. "Lux knew the risk he was taking. It is out of my hands now."

"Out of your-are you really that much of a heartless bastard?" I said. At last Walter stopped and faced me, but before he could say a word, I went on. "You know how badly this is going to hurt Lux. You know it's going to destroy him. You know you're taking away everything he lives for. But you don't even care, do you? You don't even care that you're going to gut your own son."

Walter narrowed his eyes. "Do not dare to speak to me like-"

"Like what? Like you're an ass**le? Because you are."

Silence. Walter's face grew stony, while Ava's drained of all color. Beside me, leaves crunched, and James reached for me. "Kate-"

"Don't Kate me." I ripped my hand from his. "All of you-you're just going to sit by and let this happen because you're too proud to admit that maybe you were wrong? This is worse than murder. At least there's an afterlife there. This is mentally and emotionally destroying someone for eternity. You claim to be the good guys, and yet you do something like this over a millennia-old grudge?"

"I never claimed we were the good guys," said Walter evenly. "Any assumption on your part is yours alone. We do what we must to uphold our laws-"

"Laws can be changed. Laws that dictate hurting someone like this should be changed."

"That is not for you to decide." He stared down at me, his blue eyes never wavering from mine. "I understand why you feel so passionately about this, after what you went through with your mother. But it is not the same. Pollux and Castor broke our laws knowing what the consequences would be when this day inevitably came. They eig came. have escaped conviction for thousands of years, and now they must face the consequences."

"Why? Because you decided it?"

"Yes," he said. "Because I and the council have ruled it so, and our word is law. If you are to be one of us, Kate, you must accept this sooner rather than later. Your stubbornness got you this far, and your compassion is admirable, but now it is necessary that you acknowledge you are not always right in these matters."

"Yeah, well, neither are you. You might rule above the surface, but when summer's over, I'm going to be Queen of the Underworld. And if you think I'm going to let this stand, then you're in for a rude surprise."

His eyes glinted. "Is that so? Perhaps you ought to inform Henry of this decision before you hijack his realm and overturn thousands upon thousands of years of his rule."

"He'll agree with me," I snapped, even as doubt wavered inside of me. But if he didn't-if Henry disagreed and forced Casey and Lux to remain apart-then he'd be in for the fight of his life. Not how I wanted to start our marriage, but I couldn't walk away from the twins. Not when it would destroy them both so completely.

Walter took a deep breath. "Someday you will understand. Whether or not today is that day, I cannot remain here to argue with you when there will be no compromise. My decision stands, as does Henry's. Come, Ava."

He took her hand, and before I could say another word, they disappeared. My heart pounded, and the forest spun around me in a blur of greens and browns, but there was nothing more to say. No matter what title I'd have in six months, without Henry to back me up, I was as powerless as Lux. The only difference between us now was that I'd gotten lucky. I still had my mother.

But he would be alone for eternity, and nothing in the world could convince Walter he'd made the wrong decision. For the first time since I'd met Henry on the banks of the river, I wondered if maybe I had, too.

Henry

It didn't take Henry long to find his brother. He may not have had James's talent, but Walter was painfully predictable at the best of times. After an eternity together, Henry knew where to look.

"Do you truly believe this is the best place to search for Castor?" said Henry as he stepped inside the ancient cottage. The odor of rotting rabbit meat saturated the air, and he flared his nostrils.

Walter stood in the middle of the small room, alone now. "It is as good a start as any. Ella has scoured the area and found no sign of him, but he cannot have gone far on his own."

"He was with James for a time," said Henry.

"Which means he is very cleverly hidden." Walter focused on him with a stare that seemed to permeate through the protective layers Henry had developed over countless lifetimes. "Do you know where he is?"

"I do not." The lie slid off his tongue with such ease that he nearly felt ashamed of himself. But some lies were justifietexed. "I am not certain we should search for him any longer."

"Oh? And why is that?" said Walter, but judging by the tone of his voice, it was obvious he knew why Henry's opinion had changed.

He shrugged. "Perhaps they have suffered enough. There is no need to turn a difficult situation into an eternal one."

The corner of Walter's lips turned upward, but there was no humor behind it. "I thought I sensed you there. Your wife is quite the handful."

Henry didn't return his smile. He hadn't meant to spy on Kate, but it had hardly been his fault that his brother had run across her while Henry had been tracking him. "She may be right, you know. I am willing to entertain the notion that after searching for such a long time, we have lost all perspective in the matter."

Walter shrugged. "Perhaps, but it is not her place to say so."

"If she does not, who will?"

His eyebrows shot up. "Do not tell me you are allowing her to make you soft."

"Soft has nothing to do with it. We have sworn to protect humanity."

"My son is not mortal."

"No," said Henry with patience he hadn't thought he possessed. "But his brother is, and we will be causing him more pain than he deserves."

"So you are saying I ought to allow Pollux to go free simply because he is not the only one who will suffer, despite the crime also being Castor's?"

"That is exactly what I am saying."

Silence. Walter's nose twitched, and satisfaction burrowed deep within Henry. His brother had been counting on his allegiance, but this was the one time he would not have it. Not when Henry was now certain it would destroy his relationship with Kate. His desire to reclaim Castor as a citizen of the Underworld was built on nothing but pride and laws he himself had created; the same which had ruined his marriage to Persephone and put him through the pain of separation that the twins were now experiencing. He knew that ache all too well, and it was cruel to purposely put another being through it.

Though it wounded an elemental part of him to break the laws of the Underworld and allow Castor to go free, at least this would be his choice. And when he had to choose between making an exception and losing the only person who had made him happy in the past thousand years, there was no question.

"I do not understand why you have changed your mind so suddenly," said Walter, and even Henry could hear the effort it took for his brother to keep himself under control. But though Walter would never admit defeat, he must have known he was outnumbered, and after the loss the council had experienced that winter, they couldn't afford any more dissidence.

"You may not value your marriage, brother, but I value mine." Henry fixed him with a steely gaze. "I respect and honor my queen's opinion. You and I both know we cannot begrudge her when she is still too green to know why we make the decisions we do."

Walter stared back. "The more she learns, the whalearns,more responsible she will be for her actions. We cannot excuse her on the grounds of immaturity forever."

"No, we cannot," said Henry. "But no one can argue that Kate brings a fresh perspective at a time when we are in desperate need of one."

"I am afraid, brother, that you are not the only person basking in her lack of wisdom."

Henry swallowed. His brother could not have possibly found anything more painful to imply. "What she does with James during her six months away is her decision."

"And what you do now is yours."

"Yes," he said quietly, "it is. If you will excuse me."

He waited until he'd exited the cottage before once again closing his eyes. When he opened them, he stood twenty feet from Kate and the others, well concealed by the brush around him. He sent out a probing thought, not expecting an answer in return. James?

Silence.

If you want to help Pollux, you will not ignore me.

James focused on the spot where he was hidden. The question isn't whether or not I want to help Lux. You know that Kate called Walter a heartless bastard?

And an ass**le. I am quite proud.

The corner of James's mouth twitched. Yet you took Casey back to the Underworld.

Henry hesitated, and through the leaves, he found Kate. She leaned up against a tree a few feet from Pollux, her face crumpled and red and her cheeks glistening with tears. He hadn't seen her so utterly miserable since the day she'd come to Eden Manor searching for a way to change fate.

And once again, it was his fault.

I know we have had our differences, but I need you to trust me.

James raised an eyebrow. Oh yeah? And why should I do that?

Because you care for Kate, and you care for the twins. I have made mistakes, as have you-but they should not suffer because of it.

Several seconds passed. How do I know this isn't a trap?

You don't. You simply have to trust me. Henry paused. You owe me that much.

Silence again, longer this time. James glanced at Kate, and he must have seen the same thing Henry did: that keen sense of loss, as agonizing as it had been for her when she'd faced the inevitable death of her mother. The fact that it hurt her so badly when she barely knew the twins made Henry's heart ache for her, and he was once again reminded how much he did not deserve her.

All right. James's gaze shifted back to him. What do you need me to do?

Kate

The wait was agony. No matter how much a I wanted to believe that eventually Henry would do the right thing, I wavered between hope and despair. He had Casey. Hell, for all I knew, he'd returned him to his afterlife already. James wouldn't lie to me about something like that. And if that were the case, then we'd already lost.

That left me with only one choice: to believe Henry was good. That after all he'd gone through with Persephone, he would understand how badly it hurt to be ripped from the person he loved most in the world, and he would relent. It was a long shot, but I had to take it.

Lux was oddly silent once Walter left. I expected him to rage, but he didn't even struggle to undo his bonds. He just rested against the tree as if he'd accepted his fate.

That was the worst part, seeing Lux give up. And that was why, when Ella turned her back to pet one of her massive slobbering dogs, I closed the distance between us and sat beside him.

"I'm sorry," I said softly. Lux didn't look at me. "I should've done more."

"You stood up for us. That's more than anyone's done before." His voice was hoarse and his eyes deadened, but at least he hadn't shut out the world completely. Yet. If he hurt a fraction as much as he looked like he did, however, it would only be a matter of time.

"It wasn't enough though." I frowned. "Could you petition the council to let you become mortal and join Casey in the Underworld? If they let Persephone do it, then-"

"Their pride would never allow it."

He was right. Of course he was right. "Then-then once I'm queen, I'll do something. Whatever it takes, I'll help you find him, and you can either stay there or I'll help you smuggle him back out or-"

"It's too late." At last he looked at me, his expression void of anything resembling humanity. "Hades has him, and he would rather destroy himself than allow my brother to leave again. To him, this is a matter of everything he stands for. Once someone has entered the Underworld, they stay. Period. The few times he's allowed the dead to leave, they've never made it."

"But he did allow them to try." I leaned in closer. "We'll find a way to fix this, okay? I'll do whatever I have to do, but you can't give up. Promise me."

As we stared at each other, his brown eyes seemed to thaw. Finally, a spark of life. "Why do you care so much? This has nothing to do with you."

"Yes, it does." I couldn't even explain it to myself, but the way he was looking at me-he needed some show of kindness. Some small amount of hope that the gods weren't all as bad as he seemed to think they were. And so, for that matter, did I. "This isn't just your life. I mean, it is, but-it's mine, too. And I don't think I can be with someone who would intentionally hurt you this badly."

"Hades," he said, and I nodded.

"I can't rule like that. I can't make those decisions. I don't have to know you to get what you've been through, and I just-I don't understand why the council can't see that.and C;t t have #8221;

He shrugged. "They see what they want to see. We all do."

"That's no excuse for cruelty."

"They don't consider it cruel."

"Well, I do."

Dead leaves crunched. I glanced up. Ella was moving toward us, bow in hand and a hulking dog following her. Normally I loved animals, but the damn thing was practically drooling over us, and I drew the line at animals who considered me lunch.

"What are you two whispering about?" she said, touching the dog's jaw, and it whimpered as if it were injured. That must've been the one Lux had punched. I still didn't approve of what he'd done, but at least it hadn't gotten the chance to eat us alive.

Lux clammed up and glared at his hands. I considered silence as well, but there was still one tactic I hadn't tried. Ella didn't seem to have a metaphorical dog in this fight-she was doing it for Walter, not because she had any personal vendetta. Which meant there was still a chance. A small one, but I wasn't about to give up, even if Lux already had.

"We're talking about how Lux is going to lose Casey for good," I said. "Surely you can imagine how that would feel."

Ella's eyes narrowed, but she said nothing. She'd nearly lost her own twin brother in Eden Manor, though her loss would have been temporary at worst given the fact that she and Theo were immortal. She'd never have to suffer through permanently losing him, even if his mortal form died. Lux wasn't so lucky.

"Why are you doing this, Ella?" I stood, and my knees shook underneath me. I might've been impervious to bullets, but apparently not to nerves. "You know how much he's hurting. What do you have to gain?"

More silence. She shifted so I could see her profile, and she stared straight ahead. I didn't care if she was ignoring me-she could still hear me, and that was what mattered.

"You know how scared you were in Eden after Theo was injured? You almost lost him for, what, three months? Lux is going through that exact same thing, except he'll never see Casey again. Not in three months, not in three millennia. Just imagine how you'd feel if the situation were reversed-if Theo had been born mortal, and when he died, you made a deal with Walter to share your immortality with him. But you didn't find out until it was too late that Walter changed the terms on you, and you would never be together. What would you have done?"

More silence, but at least now she was staring at the ground. That was something.

"I bet you would've done the same thing-you love Theo so damn much that you would've broken into the Underworld and found him, and you would've done anything you could to keep him safe. Even if it meant defying Walter and being on the run for thousands of years. It would've been worth it, right? Not because you were sticking it to the council, but because you would've taken any risk as long as it meant you two got to be together, consequences be damned."

Her lips parted as if she were about to say something, but instead she pressed them together and shook h Cr adiv>

"Ella?" called James. Sometime during our conversation, he'd wandered into the woods. He was back now though, with a leaf stuck behind his ear. I didn't want to know.

Ella looked up. "What?"

"Hello to you too," said James, eyebrow raised. "Walter wants to speak to us."

"Then why doesn't he come here and do it?"

"Because he doesn't want a certain someone to overhear."

Ella's mouth formed a thin line, and she eyed Lux and me as if she were searching for any signs that this was a trick. My heart pounded. Of course it was a trick. It had to be-Walter would show himself if he really wanted to talk to Ella and James. And she had to know that, too.

They stared at each other as if they were having some sort of silent conversation, and after several seconds, Ella sighed. "Fine. Come, Cupcake."

Ella followed James into the woods, and the slobbering dog trotted after them. I wrinkled my nose. Only Ella would name something with that many teeth Cupcake.

As soon as they disappeared, I flew to Lux's side and started to unknot the glowing ropes. They held fast, and I swore.

"A little help here?" I muttered, and at last Lux came to life. He squirmed like he was trying to shimmy underneath his bonds, and when they began to saw into the trunk of the tree, my eyes widened.

"What the hell are you-"

"Can't break the ropes," he said. "Gotta go through the tree."

"But you're going to kill it!" I said. My mother would be furious.

"Shut up and watch," he muttered, and I bristled. Fine. If he didn't want my help, then I wouldn't offer it.

After half a minute of sawing, however, the ropes were about a quarter of the way through the thick trunk, and at last Lux had enough room to slip from his restraints. "There," he said, flexing his muscles. "That was the easy part."

"If it was so easy, why couldn't you have done it thirty minutes ago?"

He said nothing, and I sighed. Figured. Whether he was in a talkative mood or not, we had to get out of there before Ella and James returned from their powwow in the trees. Turning her back was one thing; doing nothing while we ran was another.

I grabbed his hand and led him in the opposite direction. "So how are we going to get down into the Underworld to get Casey?"

"We're not," he said. "I might have a shot if I lie low for a while, until they have bigger things to bother with. But this is where we're parting."

I scowled. "I'm the one who helped free you, and I don't exactly C17;="0have anything important to do in the next six months. I want to help you. Please."

"You've already done plenty." He stopped in a small clearing and squinted up at the sky. The sun was directly overhead by now-it was impossible to tell which direction we were going by looking at it. "And six months won't be enough. Six years, maybe, but until then-"

"Are you kidding? You can't possibly let Casey stay down there for six years. Let me help. I promise I'll find a way to get him to you sooner, and I'll distract Henry and-"

"No need." James's voice cut through the trees, and I jumped, shifting so I stood between him and Lux. Whether or not he'd helped us escape, I hadn't forgotten that it was his fault Casey and Lux had been caught in the first place.

"What are you talking about?" I said. "Where's Ella?"

"About a hundred and fifty feet that way, trying to come up with a way to explain to Walter why she let Lux go."

I frowned. "Well, great. Thank her for me next time you see her. What do you mean, there's no need to distract Henry?"

"Exactly what I said," said James. "Casey isn't in the Underworld anymore."

Beside me, Lux went rigid. "Where is he?"

Which was the million-dollar question, but there was another surfacing in my mind as well. "Wait, you mean Henry just-"

"No time to explain," said James. "I'll take care of Walter when he comes back. In the meantime, you'll find Casey at the place where this whole mess started."

I had no idea what James was talking about, but Lux nodded. "Thank you. Even if I should break your jaw for leading the others to us in the first place."

James shrugged. "Rain check." But something snuffled behind him, and Ella's slobbering dog-Cupcake-stepped out from the other side of a cluster of trees.

My blood ran cold. Had she reneged already? "Er, James-" "Oh, right." James patted Cupcake's furry neck and focused on Lux. "Speaking of broken jaws, in exchange for letting you go, Ella wanted you and Casey to look after Cupcake while hers heals."

Lux swore. "Why us?"

"You are the one who punched her, aren't you?" James shrugged. "I'd do it if I were you, man. You know what Ella's like when she's pissed off."

Lux grumbled something unintelligible and stepped forward. "I swear, if you try to take a bite out of me again, next time I'll aim for your neck."

Cupcake whimpered, and I frowned. "Hey-play nice."

James handed Lux a burlap sack stuffed to the brim with what looked like beef jerky. "Cupcake's things. Ella said she'll pick her up when she has the time."

"Yeah, in another blood century," muttered Lux, and Ja Cd Lp when shmes shrugged.

"Not much I can do about it. Kate, I'll see you in a few. Take care of yourself, Lux."

But Lux didn't seem to be listening. He was already a good ten paces in front of me, and I gave James an apologetic look. "Lux, wait!"

I raced to catch up with him, and he slowed down, but only barely. "Bloody dog. We'll never get rid of the damn thing now," said Lux, moving through the woods without making a sound. "At least James isn't all bad. No idea why he treats us so well."

"Maybe because that's the kind of person he is." I crashed across the forest floor, having to run to keep up with his long strides. If Walter wanted to track us down, I was making it embarrassingly easy. Not that Cupcake's loud footsteps were helping much either.

Lux scoffed. "They like to pretend they're good people every now and then. Lets them keep their high opinions of themselves. But you'd do well to remember that the council does nothing unless they can reap the benefits."

In the face of everything I'd witnessed that night and day, his bitterness was rubbing off on me, but I'd seen a much different picture of the gods during my time in Eden. They may not have done anything without having a reason, but they didn't always need a direct reward. "They're not as bad as you think they are."

"And they're not as good as you think they are either." He slowed down enough to peer at me out of the corner of his eye, and I flushed underneath his gaze. "I like you, Kate Winters. You're better than them, and you've got the guts to stand up to them, too. It's been a long time since the council's been infused with new blood, and if you stick to your guns, you might have a prayer of making them see past their own pointy little noses."

"I'm not interested in changing them." But as I said it, my insides twisted uncomfortably. If this was what my future held-facing the ghosts of the council's decisions and seeing the lives their choices had destroyed, all for the sake of rules and pride-I wasn't so sure I could do it.

"We'll see about that." Lux was silent for a long moment. "You're not one of them. You don't match, and because of that, one of two things is going to happen. You're either going to let them taint you, or you're going to fight like hell and get shat on until you don't think you can take it anymore. But you can," he added. "For all of us who have suffered because of them, just remember that you can."

I grew quiet. This was my family he was talking about-the same people who had granted me more time with my mother, who had shown me kindness throughout the past six months, and who had allowed me to squeak by in my tests even though I'd nearly failed several times. Despite the myths I'd learned, it had never occurred to me that they were anything but benevolent. They were gods, after all. What did they have to lose by being kind?

But in the four days since I'd left, I'd seen enough to know that Lux was right. They weren't perfect. They weren't always kind. And sometimes they made mistakes. They were as human as the rest of us, even if they'd never taken a mortal breath in their lives. It would Ces.saksimply take some time for me to rearrange my thoughts to accept this new reality.

What would happen when we inevitably did butt heads? Them sticking to tradition, me only understanding the part of the story I saw in front of me-the part full of pain and suffering. I'd gotten lucky this time, manipulating Ella's emotions to make her sympathize with Lux, to make her understand that what the council was putting them through was flat-out cruel. I was one person, and I couldn't win every fight against the council.

But I could remember the victories, small as they might seem. Casey and Lux would have each other for a little while longer because of James and me, and that would have to be enough to get me through whatever losses I faced down the road. If Lux was right, they were inevitable.

We walked the rest of the way in silence, with Cupcake trudging behind us. Wherever we were going, Lux seemed to know exactly how to get there. Several miles out, thunder echoed in the cloudless sky, and he winced and increased his pace. I didn't argue.

At last we reached the mouth of a cave, and while I didn't see anything particularly special about it, Lux held his breath. Leaning into the darkness, he was careful not to step inside. "Casey?"

Nothing. I bit my lip. This couldn't be a trap. Henry wouldn't do that-to me, if not to Lux. And James definitely wouldn't lie. Casey and Lux would be reunited, and it would all be okay.

But what if it wasn't? What if I had Henry and the council pegged all wrong, and now I had to spend the rest of eternity knowing-

"Lux?" Casey's voice was soft, but unmistakable. He stepped out of the darkness. "Took you long enough."

Lux burst into the first real grin I'd seen from him. "Yeah, well, I stopped at a pub and had a few drinks. Figured you could wait."

He didn't step into the cave, but the moment Casey was within arm's reach, he grabbed his brother and all but yanked him over the threshold. The pair of them tumbled to the sun-soaked ground, but neither brother complained.

"You're in one piece? The rotten bastard didn't hurt you?" said Lux, looking him up and down.

"I'm fine-worried about you is all." Casey paused and eyed Cupcake, who was lurking in the shadows. "Er, Lux?"

"What? Oh-right." Lux made a face. "My penance for socking her in the mouth. We have to keep an eye on her while she heals." He stood and offered his hand to his twin. "What did Hades do with you anyway?"

Casey took it, and soon enough they were both on their feet. "Took me to the palace and stared, mostly. Looked like he was having a mental fit. I thought I was a goner for sure."

They started back into the forest together, and I hesitated, not knowing if I should follow. But before I could decide, Lux stopped, and the pair of them turned around simultaneously. "Thank you, Kate Winters," said Lux. "You'll make a brilliant addition to the council."

My cheeks warmed. "It was nothing."

"Doing the right thing C rith="5%"is never nothing," said Casey. "Nor is sympathizing with those less fortunate. Not everyone has that gift. And what you did, putting your own well-being on the line for us-"

"I think she gets it," said Lux, nudging his brother in the ribs. Casey pretended to flinch, but Lux pulled his brother into a bear hug, and the pair of them continued into the forest with Cupcake rumbling behind them.

"Thanks," I called. Apparently I wasn't supposed to follow. "Sorry for the trouble, but it was good to meet you. Take care of yourselves, all right?"

"You too," said Casey. "Don't be a stranger."

"Unless they're on our arses again." Lux smirked at me over his shoulder, and by the time I raised my hand in a wave goodbye, they were gone.

Henry

Henry stood in the cave, his form cloaked by darkness as Kate made herself comfortable at the base of a tree. Watching Casey walk away from him stung in a way he could not describe, but the way his heart swelled upon seeing Kate made it bearable.

He'd done the right thing. He could not always guarantee the twins their safety, and once his brother caught wind of his betrayal, things would be less than pleasant for a long while. But for now, it was worth it to see Kate happy once more.

The air beside him shifted, and a ghost of a smile tugged at his lips. Speak of the devil.

"Brother," said Walter quietly. It did not matter though; Henry had already ensured their voices would not carry into the world above. "It seems I have misjudged your devotion toward upholding your laws."

"Some things are more important than pride," said Henry. "Perhaps one day you will understand."

He felt the burn of his brother's withering stare, but he did not look away from Kate. He would not give his brother the satisfaction. "Very well. I will allow the twins more time together, but someday they will be brought to justice."

"And when that day comes, Kate and I will decide what to do as rulers of the Underworld."

"You are forgetting that while Castor is your charge, Pollux is mine, and I will not let him off so easily."

Henry sighed. "No, I imagine you will not." The trees rustled, and James stepped out from between them. Kate stood, giving him a hug in greeting, and Henry's chest tightened. Some things he did not want to witness. "Until then, I am confident we have done the right thing."

"So you say."

Walter disappeared, and though part of Henry expected him to go after the twins once more, he instead reappeared a few feet away from Kate and James. Henry saw her tense even from a distance, but at least his brother's appearance served one purpose: she let go of James.

"You are walking a thin line," said Walter. "I will not be so forgiving of your insubordination in the future."

Despite her fear, she squared her shoulders and looked him straight in the eye. Henry cracked a smile. "I won't apologize for any of it. You can't ruin people's lives like that just because you decide you're bored and want to play games. It isn't fair."

"Life is not fair, and the sooner you realize it, the better." Walter peered down his nose at her. "You can either be an asset to the council, or you can be a hindrance. It is up to you to decide which."

"If being an asset means swallowing whatever bullshit you're feeding me without thinking for myself, I'd rather be a hindrance, thank you," she said, and Henry had to press his lips together to keep himself from chuckling.

For a moment his brother looked utterly perplexed, his brow furrowing in the face of her sass, but the expression was gone as soon as it had come. He wouldn't soon forget what she'd said, Henry was sure of it. But while it could cause problems later on down the road, for now Henry was immensely pleased and proud of her.

Focusing on his brother, he pushed a thought toward him. Let it go.

Walter's frown deepened, but he glanced into the darkness of the cave and gave him the barest of nods. Without another word, he disappeared, and Kate looked around as if she expected Walter to pop out of the bushes.

"Do you think he went after the twins?" she said. James shook his head, slipping his arm into hers as he glanced back into the cave. Henry glowered at him.

"They're fine, at least for now."

Henry watched as they disappeared through the trees, and as soon as he could no longer see her dark hair, he closed his eyes. These six months were hers to do with as she willed; he had no say in it, and he had to respect that no matter how much seeing her walk off with James wounded him.

In less than half a year's time, she would be his again, and he would make sure to remind her why she had married him in the first place. Until then, the thorn that James had shoved into his heart would only dig deeper, but as he'd done for the past several thousand years, he would withstand it.

For Kate. For their life together. And because he had no other choice.

Kate

By the time we reached the edge of the forest, it was nearly dark. The city of Athens glowed in the distance, and I yawned, struggling to stay awake as James led the way. My body craved sleep, and just the promise of a warm bed was enough to make my knees buckle.

"Where do you think they're going now?" I said as we meandered toward the road that would lead us back to the city.

"If they're smart, as far away from Greece as possible," said James.

"Do you really think Walter and the others are going to hunt them down again?"

He shrugged. "Eventually. I think you bought them a few hundred more years though. Maybe a thousand, if they're lucky."

"We." At James N rithugh. Ma217 confused expression, I added, "We bought them a few hundred more years. Maybe a thousand, if they're lucky. You did distract Ella, you know."

He grinned and wrapped his arm around my shoulders. "You have a point. We make a good team."

I made a face and shrugged him off. Good team or not, there was one problem we hadn't solved yet. "I'm still mad at you, you know. This whole thing was your fault. Ava would've never found the twins if you hadn't led her straight to them."

"Oh." James turned pink. "I thought we'd have time to get away. I didn't realize Walter would sic Ella and her dogs on us. I mean, the council's come close to tracking them down before-they just usually don't put so much effort into it."

"That's not an excuse for putting them in danger like that."

He sighed. "No, it's not, and I'm sorry about that. I really am. It worked out all right though, didn't it?"

"Barely." I hesitated. "Why did you do it anyway?"

He scratched his head sheepishly. "Because I knew you idolized the council, that you thought we were these-superheroes or something, and I wanted you to see that it wasn't true. We've got our dark side, too, and you had to see that before you decided to spend eternity with Henry."

For a long moment, I said nothing. I should've known the council was capable of something like this, and maybe deep down I did. I'd never realized Henry had it in him as well though.

"I'm not sure I can do this," I said softly. "I thought-I thought when all of this started that the council members were the good guys, you know? The ones who protected mortals. The ones who made the right decisions. And now-"

"And now you realize we're not all we're cracked up to be," said James, and I nodded. "That's not a bad thing, you know, the fact that we make mistakes or let our pride get in the way. It keeps us from being infallible."

"But at others' expense." That was the part I wasn't crazy about.

"Sometimes. But Lux is one of us-he's not a council member, but he is the son of Zeus. And he has just as many flaws as the rest of us."

"Loving his brother enough to do anything to protect him isn't one of them though."

"No, it isn't." James shook his head. "I won't lie to you and say every decision we make is the right one, because it isn't. Usually the ones we all make together aren't so bad, but the individual ones-those are sort of a crapshoot. Sometimes we're right, sometimes we're wrong, and sometimes it takes several thousand years before we fix them. And in the twins' case, it's especially bad, because the only thing keeping Walter from reversing his decision is his pride. But it'll work itself out eventually, and in the meantime, look at it this way-now that you're on board, you can show us the error of our ways."

"If the only thing I do during council m Singyou caeeting is point out how wrong everyone is, no one's going to listen to me."

"True, but that doesn't mean you can't save those moments for the things you think are really important," said James. "You'll have my support. Henry's, too. I can't speak for the rest of them, but you won't be alone. Most of the time, anyway." He grinned. "Try to undo one of my rulings, however, and it might get a little tense."

I managed a smile in return. "I'll do my best. You seem to have pretty good judgment though."

"I do, don't I?" He bumped his hip against mine-which, given how tall he was, was sort of like he was nudging my liver instead. "You know, after everything I did, I think I deserve that kiss."

I rolled my eyes. "Not in a million years."

"What about a million and one?"

"I might be willing to give you a peck on the cheek, if you don't screw up too badly between now and then."

He pouted. "You're terrible to me, you know."

"You like it." And no matter how romantic and beautiful Greece was, I wasn't going to break my vows to Henry, even if they technically didn't apply for the next six months. I loved him no matter which season it was. "Do you think Ava's going to undo the curse?"

"Doubt it," he said. "Walter's angry enough as it is. Remind her in a few years, once he's had the chance to calm down. You might have better luck then."

"Right," I said, frowning. "I'll try to remember."

He reached out and patted my shoulder, keeping the distance between us. At last he seemed to be getting the picture. "You're a good person, Kate, and it isn't by accident that we chose you to become one of us. We know you're going to challenge things, and the majority of us will welcome it. Don't sweat it so much."

"Easy for you to say," I grumbled. He ignored me.

"But right now you're on vacation. A pretty great vacation, if I do say so myself, and it's about time you start enjoying it. No more chasing after gods with bad tempers, all right? From here on out, all I want to see you doing is sipping fruity drinks and lying out on the beach. A topless one, if you'd like. They've got plenty of those around here."

So much for him catching on. "Perv," I said, cracking a smile.

He broke out into a boyish grin. "Hey, a guy can dream."

By the time we'd found the road, my anxiety had melted away, replaced by the promise of six months of sun and relaxation and not having to worry about what was to come. Eventually my reprieve would be over, but no matter how nervous I was about facing the other gods, September also meant getting to see Henry again.

Besides, James and Lux were right. I was one person, but so was each and every member of the council. Despite what Lux seemed to think, they were good people, and they knew the difference between doing something because it was Scauuncil. the right thing to do and because their pride didn't allow them any other choice. All they needed was someone to point it out to them. I could be that person-I would be that person, because people like Casey and Lux deserved it.

And if Walter wanted to smite me for it, then bring it on.

