1

What is that god awful sound?

Beep, Buzz, Beep, Buzz, Beep, Buzz.

Groaning, I roll over and throw my pillow at my best friend, Summer.

"Make it stop!" I whine.

Summer reaches over to my bedside table and switches on the lamp as I turn and shield my eyes from the light. I keep saying to myself that I'm going to replace that light bulb with a dimmer one but when I'm out I never remember and the one I have now lights up the room like Fort Knox.

It's sometime on Saturday morning, maybe. Moaning, I think back to how much we drank last night. Summer and I were having a great time. A flash of last night comes into my mind, Summer shaking her ass all over the club and causing too much unwanted attention for us. I like being in the shadows, Summer though, she loves the spotlight. Her motto is 'Shake what your mama gave ya for all the world to see.' and that's exactly what she was doing last night. We are in the city that never sleeps and we live up to it pretty much every weekend. Summer and I moved to New York City a few months ago to hide from them. By moving here I knew they would have a hard time finding me.

I despise the existence of my parents! Michael and Vivian Jennings. Repeat after me, Michael and Vivian Jennings. Just saying their names makes me want to throw up. They'd had control over me until I graduated college and that was the last damn day that I would ever answer to them. I was given access to my trust fund when I turned twenty-two, which just so happened to be the same day I graduated. Before the service began, I had my bags packed in my car and I had no intentions of giving them or my old life a second thought. I swore to myself that I would never let them control me again, and I'm doing a damn good job of it so far.

Dad is loaded. He was handed down the business from my grandfather. Dad is the owner of a huge investment firm back in New Jersey. He's a straight forward, condescending ass**le. People look up to him and want to be him. Who the hell would ever want to be him is beside me. When Dad spoke, people listened. If they didn't agree with him, Michael Jennings would make them.

Mom is the queen of charity. She's always working on getting some kind of contribution. Shit, I think the charity came before me most of the time. Vivian's always proper, one of those 'never a hair out of place' kind of people who looked down on everyone around her. Not many people know that she has a drinking problem, she hides it pretty well. I've found her a few times passed out drunk in the sitting room with an empty bottle of vodka tucked next to her chair. When Marie, our housekeeper, got sick a few years ago, I was helping her out and was taking the recycling up to the corner and almost the entire can was filled with empty vodka bottles. That's when I really knew she had a problem. Honestly, I think that's the only way she can manage to stay with dad.

Thank heavens for Marie, our housekeeper and my nanny. She's the one who took care of me and understood me better than my own parents. She lived with us since I was born. At least that was the one good thing my parents did for me, they hired someone to take care of me so they didn't have to. They only needed me when it was convenient for them. I was forced to go to charity auctions and act like the doting daughter. Mom entered me into beauty pageants because other women in her circle of fake friends had entered their daughters. She enrolled me in proper etiquette classes so I wouldn't taint the family name. I was also hired a personal trainer that worked with me from the time I was thirteen until I left for college. Marie would always be there for me though, whether I just needed to cry on her shoulder or yell about how much I hated my parents.

"Rise and shine!" Summer says entirely too loud, shaking me from my unpleasant memories of them. My head is pounding and I feel like I have cotton shoved in my mouth.

I pull the covers down off my head, "What time is it?" I ask while yawning.

"Almost noon, Rex will be here soon." Summer replies.

Summer and I met Rex at Club Two Twelve when we first moved into town a few months ago. He and his brother owned the place. He's a good looking guy but not my type. He's what I would label a 'pretty boy' - messy, dark brown hair, about six feet tall, lean and muscular but not cut. Rex is always clean shaven which makes him have more of a baby face and appear younger than his twenty-one years of age, and he has these long eyelashes that make his blue eyes pop. Rex has a cosmic smile and a great personality, which made becoming friends with him so easy.

"Why did we tell him to meet us for lunch again?" I whine, pulling the blanket back over my head.

Summer walks around and pulls the covers off me. She's all business when she does that. "He takes us to lunch every Saturday, brat. Now get your ass out of bed, Jasmine Jennings, and into the shower." She throws the covers on the floor at the foot of my bed and leaves the room.

Summer and I found a great two bedroom apartment with a doorman for a decent amount a month. Living in New York is expensive as hell but we wanted to live somewhere with a doorman for extra security. We thought it was a sensible idea seeing as it was just the two of us girls and we didn't know anyone in this big city.

Summer strolls back in a minute later, "Make it a fast shower so I have hot water too."

I salute her as she walks back out. "Hey, what the hell were you doing sleeping in my bed last night?"

She starts laughing from somewhere in the apartment, "I have no damn clue."

"Nice." I mutter under my breath. What would we do without Rex taking care of our drunken asses?

I'm going to have to grab a quick lunch because I have an afternoon dance class to instruct. If they ever found out I was teaching at a place like East Side Dance Studio they would have coronary, which is another reason why I'm doing it. Along with teaching at the dance studio, I also manage the coffee shop in our apartment building, part time. I don't really need to work thanks to my inheritance but it's something that keeps me busy and in shape.

Once I finish getting ready I take a seat on the couch and pick up my book that I'd left on the table yesterday morning, hoping to finish up the last few chapters. Only a few minutes later our doorman, Henry, calls and notifies us that Rex is here and I give him permission to let him up. Rex is on the approved list but Henry still likes to let us know that he's here.

Rex knocks three times before walking in, looking delightful. White Nike hat flipped backwards, tight white T-shirt, faded blue jeans and white Nike Airmax, something as simple as this makes him appear sexy.

"Damn, are you girls ever ready on time?" he teases as he takes a seat next to me on the couch.

I roll my eyes, "Shut your face, I'm ready."

"Well, where's your other half?" Rex banters back.

"I'm right here. Let's go, pain in the asses." Summer answers before I can even get a word out.

"Damn Sum..." Rex whistles.

Rex and Summer have been dancing around their feelings for a while now. It's only a matter of time until they screw each other's brains out. I've tried to meddle in their relationship, hoping to help, but both of them deny they have feelings for each other. I know it's all just an act and time will tell.

"I have to be at work in an hour," I tell them both. "I forgot that I'm filling in today."

After lunch, I haul my ass down three blocks to make it to my class on time. If I wasn't there to start the girls with their warm ups right away, it would be complete chaos for the rest of the class. As soon as I place my bag down on one of the empty chairs along the side of the room, two of the girls come skipping in the door.

"Ok girls, you know the deal. Start doing your warm ups until the others get here." I wave to the moms on their way out the door.

I shake my head in disgust thinking about my conversation with one of my girls' moms just the other day. Apparently, when the moms drop off the girls most are dressed like they are going to the gym to meet up with their "trainers" and others are dressed to the nines going to meet their "sugar daddies". I live on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, which is safer and more upper class, but it's repulsive to think of what the moms are really doing when they drop their daughters off.

A few days ago, the mom of one of my favorite girls, Mia, asked me to babysit for her because she had a business dinner on a Saturday night and her normal sitter was home with the stomach bug. She offered to pay me two hundred dollars for two hours of my time. I think I had a lapse in judgment that day. When she got home that night, the two of us sat around and finished off a bottle of wine in front of the fireplace. When Mia fell asleep, she spilled the details of some of the other moms. It was more than I ever cared to know about.

Within ten minutes my jazz class is full of eight year olds and we get down to business. I work the girls hard but I know they can handle it. A few of the other dance instructors have commented to me a few times about how well they are doing. I smiled and told them of course they were doing well; they had one of the best teachers. If there was one thing I was good at, it was dancing.

Two hours later, class is over and the girls are ready to drop. You're welcome moms! As for me, I was just getting warmed up.

2

When I arrive home after dance class, Summer and Rex are cuddling awfully close on the couch. I shut the door harder than normal giving them a heads up that I was home, they both jump apart and I try to hold back a giggle. Busted!

A pizza box is opened on the floor along with a tipped over cup. "Um, you gonna pay someone to clean that spot off our rug?" I joke with Rex.

"Shit." He jumps up off the couch to retrieve some paper towels and starts cleaning up his mess.

"So what's the plan for tonight?" I ask the both of them as I grab a slice of pizza from the box. It's cold but I don't care, I'm too hungry and lazy to warm it up.

Rex walks into the kitchen and answers, "I guess we're going to Club Two Twelve. My brother is going to be there tonight."

"Your brother?" Summer and I say in unison.

Rex laughs, "Yeah, I know, you'll finally get to meet him. He just finished wrapping up some new clubs and setting up a new apartment building out in California. I didn't expect him to be gone for this long."

"So wait, is he older or younger again? I forget." Summer asks.

Rex glares at her and I snicker.

"He's twenty-six, but before you girls start getting all crazy, he's a bit of an ass**le. He's still dealing with some shit that happened a few years ago." Rex walks over to the pizza box that's lying on the floor and picks it up. "He's not the same person he used to be." He says quietly.

I'm not the same person that I once was either. I'm not that shy, sheltered girl my parents made me be. What my parents said went, there were no ifs, ands or buts about it. My father wanted me to take over his company when he retired, but that was something I had no desire to do. Did he care? No. I applied to colleges I wanted to go to, my parents applied to colleges for me that they wanted me to go to. My parents refused to pay for me to go to school unless it was one that they chose, they had me by the balls so what did I do? I went to the school they chose. I took the classes they chose and they paid for them. The day I graduated with my bachelor's degree in Business Management was the same day I cut all ties with my parents.

Summer wouldn't go to college without me so she applied to the same school I did. That's the only thing that made college bearable for me. Summer and I have been best friends since kindergarten; she's the sister I never had. Summer has the parents I wanted, the ones that listen and pay attention to their daughter. I wanted to be heard, they couldn't care less. My best friend and I are opposites; which is why we get along so well, I think. She's tall, I'm short. Summer has shiny sunshine blonde hair, I have chocolate brown. She's pale skinned, I have olive skin. Summer has striking blue eyes, I have green. The only thing we aren't opposites on is our love for dancing. We should have gone to Julliard but my parents wouldn't hear of it.

Dancing is my outlet now, my way to rebel. It's my way of facing everything. When I'm sad, I dance. When I'm pissed off at the world, I dance. When I'm happy, I dance. Dancing is my way of living.

Summer is eyeing me, gauging my change of mood after Rex's comment. I shrug my shoulder letting her know I'm ok. "So what kind of clubs does your brother run?" I probe Rex.

"Knox runs night clubs up and down the East and West coast for the most part. He also owns a building development company." Rex stares off into the distance. "He took over everything after Dad died."

I snag another piece of pizza and head into my room. I take my time eating and gathering my things for my shower to get ready for tonight. I don't know why I bother showering before the club; within five minutes of being in there I'll feel like I need another one, but since I'm all sweaty from class and we are meeting Rex's brother, I thought maybe it would be a good idea.

Shuffling out of the bathroom when I'm finished with my shower, I spot Summer's hair cascading down the side of the couch and Rex is laying on top of her. I hear kissing noises and I hold back a little squeal, not wanting to disrupt their moment. I tip toe into the bedroom and shut the door quietly. Finally those two are figuring things out.

I throw on a pair of boy shorts and a tank top while I get to work on straightening my thick hair. I don't know why I torture myself with this shit but I do it anyway. I feel sexier with my hair straight instead of a crazy mess of curls. After my hair's done, I apply some heavy dark make-up. I go for smoky eyes and red lipstick to go along with the outfit that I plan on wearing.

It dawns on me that I still haven't heard Summer start the shower yet. What the hell is going on out there? I swear to God if they're ha**ng s*x on the couch I'm making them buy a new one.

I'm stripping off my tank top as the door flings open and Rex steps in, "Hey...um..." he stumbles over his words as he takes me in, standing in front of him with only my black strapless bra and my boy shorts.

"Rex spit it out." He still doesn't respond. I snap my fingers a few times, "Rex!" I yell.

He blinks a few times, "Summer's in the shower, I'm running home to change. I'll be back in a few."

"Okay." I respond as I turn my back to him and reach for my dress.

I decide to wear my black mini dress with the plunging neck line down the front and back. I take off the strapless bra since I can't wear one with this and dig out my double sided tape from the nightstand. After I'm sure the girls are perfectly in place for the night, I pair the dress with my red stilettos. I'm putting on my bracelet when Summer walks in wearing a towel around her body and her hair.

"Hey. Damn Jas, you look hot."

Smirking at her I say, "You and Rex looked pretty hot and heavy."

She groans and goes over to my closet to find something to wear. "Not going to talk about it with you."

"Okay." I say with a smile, knowing that she'll tell me eventually.

Summer turns, glares at me, and then takes the towel off her head and throws it at me.

"You just wait, Jasmine. You're gonna find Mister Perfect," I flinch and look away, "shit sorry."

During my freshman year at college I thought I had found my mister perfect but he was perfectly wrong for me in the end. Max was just another reason why I ran off after college graduation. He wanted to plan my future for me. He wanted me to move to Texas with him while he ran his father's oil company, which would have been great and also solved my problems with my parents, but Max insisted that there was no need to work. That was a problem for me, I wanted to work. I wanted to be my own person. Max wanted a trophy wife and I was willing to be just that if he at least let me be my own person. Let me find my way in life. But the real kicker was that Max was cheating on me and I'm not even sure when it started. One night during finals, right before graduation, I was going to surprise him and leave dinner on his bed so that he would have something to eat when he was finished with his study session, but instead I walked in on Max in mid-thrust to a girl he had bent over his bed. It makes me physically sick to my stomach that he was sleeping with her while he was still with me. I'm so glad I found out then before wasting my time and moving to Texas with him.

"It's ok. I'm over it."

I am over it, for the most part anyway, although I still miss him from time to time. We could have been great together. Max was comfortable and easy going and we just connected really well together.

"Anyway, nothing is going on. We're just friends." Summer says as a blush creeps up her cheeks.

I grin, "Friends with benefits."

She didn't have a comeback for that.

I finish slipping my heels on and leave Summer to get ready.

An hour later, Rex has a cab stop in front of Club Two Twelve. He helps us out and puts his hand on the small of both of our backs and escorts us up to the big meathead of a bouncer whose name I can never remember even though I've seen him plenty of times.

"Ace," Rex greets him with a curt nod.

"Rex," then Ace mumbles something into the radio that he's wearing and moves the velvet rope to allow us to pass by all the waiting guests.

"Asshole," Rex says under his breath as we pass by Ace.

We walk into the club and right away I know it's going to be a great night. The DJ is one of the best around and just so happens to be playing Too Close by Alex Clare, one of my favorite songs. The dance floor is a sea of guys and girls bumping and grinding all over each other, everyone's bodies are moving to the beat.

Rex leads us upstairs to the VIP section. We sit in a booth that is reserved for us and place our order with the waitress. When she returns, she comes over with four shots instead of three.

I gaze over at Rex, looking for an explanation. "Knox"

Nodding, I peek around expecting someone to be walking over to us but I don't see anyone.

Summer doesn't seem to want to wait though. She smiles at me, "Down it and then we'll go down to the dance floor?"

I shrug and lift the shot glass to my lips. The vodka burns going down but it hits the spot. I feel it settling in my stomach, warming my body. Summer and I stand up and make our way back down the way we came so we can get to the dance floor.

After being out on the floor for a while, a thin layer of sweat glistens on our bodies. A few guys have come up to dance with us but after a song or two they fall away like we have a shield around us.

I'm about ready to tell Summer that I'm taking a bathroom break when City Boy by Donkeyboy comes on.

My h*ps start rolling, rocking my body to the song, when I feel someone slide up behind me. I freeze for just a second at the unexpected hand on my hip. I'm swaying my h*ps side to side; the guy behind me starts to spin me around slowly.

God, I hope this guy isn't ugly because he actually has some decent rhythm.

My eyes meet his and my breath catches. This guy is oozing sexiness. His light brown hair is styled into a faux hawk, his compelling blue eyes frame his handsome yet rugged face. His nose is perfectly straight and his pink lips part in a dazzling display of straight, white teeth. Just from assessing his facial features I'm all hot and bothered. I bite the corner of my bottom lip, damn his lips. He stands there; devilishly handsome as my eyes roam down to his powerful set of shoulders that are straining against his button down dress shirt. He has the air of authority and the appearance of someone who demands attention.

"Up here baby." He says in a husky tone.

The song ends and another begins. As my eyes meet his again, he starts to lean in like he's going to kiss me. Before I know it he's spinning me again, placing his hands back on my hips, rocking side to side again. I can feel his hardness against my lower back and while it should be such a huge turn off, it's the most erotic thing that has ever happened to me. Shit like this has happened before and its seconds before I'm stepping away from them but with this this guy its different, so different. The song is almost over but I'm not ready for it to end. I have this tingling feeling in the pit of my stomach and my whole body feels like it's on fire.

"Thanks for the dance." He whispers huskily into my ears. Just those four words have my body blazing. I want to get one last peek at him but he's gone.

I need to find Summer to make sure I wasn't dreaming. I don't spot her anywhere so I scan up towards our table. She's there and she's leaning up against the railing, smiling down at me.

I make my way back up and order another drink. Rex and Summer take a seat at our table, both smirking.

"What?" I ask the both of them.

Summer shakes her head and Rex chuckles, "I see you met Knox."

I eye the shot that was full before I left, it's empty.

Fuck. Me.

There she is, out on the dance floor with her friend, who I assume is Summer, since Rex said that's who he was bringing.

I make my way over to Rex. "Hey man."

He stands and leans in to clap me on my back. "Nice to finally have you back."

I nod. "So is that her?"

Rex leans up against the railing, "Yup, her and Summer."

We don't say anything more. We stand there for a few minutes and watch the girls before I start to make my way towards them.

I can't believe this shit. She practically landed in my lap. Once Rex started talking about these two girls he met and started telling me all about them I knew it was her. Call it karma or whatever the hell you want to call it but she was put in my life for a reason and that is more than enough for me to get revenge on her f**ked up family.

Rex hadn't put two and two together that Jasmine was the Jasmine Jennings that ripped our lives apart. He tried to tell me I was mistaken but I knew I wasn't.

I knew she took off after graduation but I had no idea where she went. It was like she fell off the face of the Earth. I'm sure her f**king parents are thrilled that their daughter is laid out in the Big Apple. They seem to control her life so I'm not actually surprised that New York is where she ended up.

I took a few days to tie up my loose ends in California before I hopped on a flight to New York. I had to check this out for myself. It was just too good to be true. Rex didn't agree with me that someone needed to pay for what happened but I wasn't letting anyone stop me. I lost more than just my parents that day.

Maybe once I get some kind of justice I can move on.

3

Nearing noon the next morning I hear murmuring from the other room. I've been awake for about a half hour, just sitting and reading. Thankfully today's Sunday; my declared lazy day. I do all my laundry, catch up on some reading and cleaning since every day during the week is filled with something. Lying here I drift back to last night. Knox. I wonder where he had gone off to after our dance. I never did see him again. Out of all the people at the club, why did it have to be him? I know I'm going to face him at some point, but why did it have to be Rex's brother?

Knox can dance like no one else I've ever danced with, we were in sync with each other instantly. The way he moved with my h*ps was downright hot. His voice, when he spoke to me, was gruff and sexy. I'm sure he has all the girls eating out of the palm of his hand. I wanted to dance with him again that night but knew I wouldn't and also because he never came over to our table. He was there all night and I felt him watching me. Rex said that he was busy and he did look busy with the club as packed as it was.

"Hello, Earth to Jasmine!" Summer snaps her fingers in front of my face, bringing me back to reality.

"What?" I put my Kindle on my nightstand and stretch my arms above my head.

"Where'd you go?" Summer asks. "I was asking you a question and you didn't even notice that I was talking at all."

I shrug, "Nowhere."

Summer rolls her eyes, "Rex said that Knox invited us over for dinner tonight. Do you want to go?"

"Um, no, I've got a shit load of laundry to do." I get up from my bed and walk towards a pile of dirty clothes on the floor. There are only about two loads which will take all of a few hours but Summer doesn't need to know that. "Thank Knox for the offer though, will ya?"

"If you don't want to go just say it, don't lie to me." Summer deadpans. I should know better than to lie to her, she knows me better than I know myself.

Sighing, I sit back down on my bed, "I'm sorry." I pull my puppy dog face on her. This normally works when I've done something to piss her off, which rarely ever happens.

Bingo!

Summer starts laughing, "I guess Knox got your attention, huh?"

Did he ever!

I squeeze my pointer finger and thumb together, "Just a little bit."

"Jas, you should have seen you two on the dance floor, that shit was hot! I would have had an orgasm right then and there." Summer says, fanning herself.

Groaning, I throw myself back on my bed, "Eww Summer!" I roll over and face her. "No one ever affects me just like that Summer, not even Max."

With a shit-eating grin she says, "I think you met your match, babe."

I'm screwed, big time.

Monday morning is always crazy at the coffee shop, everyone is hustling and bustling trying to get their coffee and get to work on time. I'm sitting in the back office after things have slowed down when Dianna comes walking in. She drops a note on my desk and walks out.

My name is scribbled across the front of the envelope. Who the hell could this be from?

I stick my index finger along the seal, breaking it open, and pull the note out.

Jasmine,

Sorry you couldn't make it last night. Have dinner with me tonight at 6? I'll meet you here at the coffee shop.

Knox

Yeah, I'm sure he's sorry I couldn't make it last night. Ha! How did he even know where I worked? It's not like Summer would just give up information on me. And who does he think he is just stopping by my work and having an employee hand me a note from him? He couldn't deliver it himself? Or even ask me to dinner in person? I place the card back in the envelope and throw it in the trashcan under the desk. I go back to working on the inventory I was doing before the interruption.

A few hours pass when Summer comes walking in for her afternoon coffee fix. I grab her usual and sit with her at a table she chose in the back corner.

"Thank you." She says as I set the coffee down in front of her.

"Of course, so you'll never believe who sent me a note this morning." I say.

Raising her eyebrows and blowing on her coffee she guesses, "Knox?"

I roll my eyes, "You had to tell him where I worked?" It irritates me that she would do that.

Summer smirks, "I didn't tell him."

"So how did he know then? Rex?"

She shakes her head.

What the hell?

Her eyebrows shoot up in surprise, "He already knew. I figured you told him."

"What do you mean he already knew?"

"We got to talking last night and he knew you worked here, he didn't go into details about how. I asked Rex after we left if he told him and he said that he didn't." She reaches into her purse and pulls out her cell phone and checks for messages.

I tap my nails against the table, "We barely said two words on the dance floor. If I didn't tell him and you and Rex didn't either, I wonder who did?"

She put her phone back in her purse, "Is it really a big deal?"

I thought about it for a second. I guess it really isn't that big of a deal that he knows, although it is a little creepy since he just got back into town, unless... "Do you think he knows my parents?"

Summer shakes her head adamantly. "No. No way. That's not your dad's style. If he was coming to look for you, you would know it. He'd come himself. Plus Knox isn't a private investigator or anything. Rex said he owns a few clubs and a development company, that's a far cry from doing investigation work."

I run a finger around the lid of my coffee, "Yeah I guess you're right. It's just weird."

Summer takes a long sip from her coffee, "You going for a run today?"

"Yup." But I don't plan on running my normal route just in case it is them trying to conspire against me. Plus I need a longer run than normal since I need to work out all these emotions from Saturday night and I don't have a class to teach until tomorrow.

Summer fills me in on how dinner went and then went on and on about how hot Knox is and how sizzling we were together at the club. This only fuels my feelings that it was her that told him where I work. She also proceeds to tell me that two girls knocked on his door when they were all eating dinner. He didn't invite them in but he was laughing at something they were saying while he was talking to them. Summer also made the point crystal clear that he didn't invite them in, like it matters to me anyway if he did or didn't.

Summer's break comes to an end; we say our goodbyes and both go back to work. I'm standing at the register pulling all the large bills out of the drawers when Dianna comes back in with yet another envelope with the same handwriting. I take it and throw it in the trash again without reading it. He's persistent and determined to get me to go to dinner with him but it's going to take a lot more than a note that he can't even deliver.

Marcus, another manager, comes in at four o'clock to take over for me. I finish up the last register and clock out for the night. I gather my things and make my way to the elevator. As I'm waiting a shiver racks my whole body and suddenly I feel overheated. The elevator doors open; I step in along with a few other people who were waiting with me. I keep my head down, scrolling through Facebook on my phone. The doors open again and a few people get off on their floors. When the doors close, and I can't see any other feet in my peripheral vision, I lift my head. My whole body starts to tingle, I take a deep breath to try and calm myself but that does nothing for me. His clean, citrus, warm musky scent from last night wraps around my body. He's in my personal space now, body heat penetrating against my back. I take a step forward and he follows. I take another deep breath, preparing to say something, when I feel a hand grasp my hip and my words die off.

"It's not nice to throw my notes away without reading them." Knox says in his hot throaty voice.

I snap back trying to keep my desire for him at bay, "It's not nice that you are having my employees do your dirty work, and how are you getting into the building anyway?"

"Feisty." He squeezes my hip a little tighter when I try to turn around. "I have my ways."

"What do you want, Knox?" I huff in irritation.

"You."

"Not happening."

"Not yet."

"Not ever."

The elevator dings and opens. I take a step, preparing to have to use a little force to get out of his grasp but he lets me go without any resistance. The second our bodies disconnect I feel the loss. A feeling that I can't explain takes over my body. How could he affect me like this when we just met? The doors ding again and start to close.

"I'll meet you at six downstairs."

I turn around, big mistake, his eyes, so blue; I want to pull him off the elevator just so I can stare at them for just a little longer. The magnetic pull is simmering just below the surface. "I don't think so. I've got plans already."

He smirks, "That's a shame."

The doors close and I release the breath I'm holding. What the hell is wrong with me? How can this guy affect me the way he is? He's the wrong kind of guy to have feelings for. He's used to getting his way. I need to stay away from him. I should stay away from him, but I don't know if I really want to.

I open the door to the apartment, kick off my shoes and make my way to my room. Summer wouldn't be home for another two hours so I throw on a pair of running shorts, a sports bra and my running shoes. I grab my iPod from the kitchen table, tuck my key in on the side of my sports bra and shut the door on the way out.

I take the stairs down to the first floor, wave to Henry, the doorman, put my ear buds in and hit play before he opens the doors for me into the stifling summer heat. I turn the corner and take off in a sprint, needing to feel the burn in my lungs. Running in New York was scary as hell for me at first. I was afraid to wear my headphones because of all the traffic, but now that I've been doing it for the last few months it's a piece of cake. One thing I'll never get used to is the awful smell when running past the subway entrances, it smells like piss. I do love running past the hot dog, pretzel and peanut vendors on almost every corner. The smell of the fresh cut grass in central park reminds me of back home right after the landscapers mowed the lawn.

I decide to switch up my running pattern by going ten blocks straight, running the direction of the cars, and then cross the street and run the opposite directions of the cars. As I start picking up speed I get that tingling feeling like I did in the elevator. I slow down a little and glance over my shoulder, careful not to stumble. Sure enough, Knox is hot on my tail. I curse to myself and then pick up my speed a little, hoping to lose him. I stop at the cross-walk and wait for the light to change but this unfortunately gives Knox some time to catch up.

A few seconds later he's running in place next to me and I think I melt into the pavement. His hair is wet and standing up all over the place. His shorts are hanging low on his h*ps and Knox's shirtless body is dripping with sweat. I watch as a drop runs down his forehead, his face, his neck, his chest and then down the center of his delicious abs! I bite on my bottom lip, holding back a moan that is so very close to escaping my mouth. Both of Knox's arms are covered in dark tattoos. The screeching of brakes and someone blowing their horn has Knox turning to see what's going on. On the middle of his back are beautiful angel wings with a brightly colored heart placed in the middle and a ribbon wrapped around it with a date on it and he also has Koi fish covering both of his calves.

People all around us start to cross the street but my feet are rooted to the ground. Knox is checking me out much like I just did to him. He now knows about my hip and belly button piercings. He saw my rose and vine tattoos that start right under my sports bra and stretches all the way down my sides, stopping just below the hem of my shorts. And since he's been following me he's seen all the details of my butterfly wings taking up my entire back. The smile on Knox's face feels about as intimate as a kiss to me right now. He licks his lips and gazes up at me.

"Are you following me?"

Knox wipes the sweat from his forehead with the back of his hand. "Nope, I run all the time."

He could be telling the truth, he did just get back into town.

I quickly look up and notice the light is now yellow. I swiftly look to make sure no cars are coming and take off across the street, needing to place some distance between Knox and myself. I get about three blocks away from where I left Knox standing and I can feel him closing the distance again. I try to speed up, my lungs protesting, legs shaking. I make it up the next block and turn right, slowing down just a bit. Knox catches up, hardly breathing hard when I feel like I'm going to pass out in this heat.

He strides up right next to me and smiles, "How many more blocks do we have?"

Barely able to breathe, I answer, "I have nine and when did this turn into a 'we'?"

Knox just smirks at me.

Jerk.

I take a few deep breaths and take off again. I make the nine blocks in record time. I stop in front of my apartment building, hands on my hips, walking back and forth trying to slow my heart rate and Knox is doing the same.

Breathing heavily, he says, "See you in a few." Then he turns and strides away in the same direction that we just came.

I don't respond because he's sadly mistaken if he thinks I'm still having dinner with him. I retrieve my key and ride the elevator back up to my floor since I'm exhausted and don't think my legs will make it up the steps. I've made good time running today and I still have another half hour before Summer gets home. I walk into my room, grab a towel then head into the kitchen for a bottle of water. I go sit out on the balcony, knowing that the sun is now behind the taller buildings and I will not roast sitting outside.

Our balcony isn't anything special since we are surrounded by high rise after high-rise but it's still beautiful out here. I take a seat in one of the two chairs that we purchased. I'm mid sip of my water when I catch a glimpse of a shirtless guy directly across from me. I divert my eyes, not wanting to get caught gawking. After taking a sip I twist the cap back on the bottle and place it down on the ground beside my chair. I stand up and peek across from my balcony again. There, standing out on his patio, is none other than Knox.

Knox lives directly across from my apartment? More importantly, how come Summer never mentioned this to me?

I guess he was right when he said he would see me in a few.

Well played Knox, well played.

I invited Rex, Summer and Jasmine over for dinner so that I could really get to meet Jasmine, but she bailed. Summer claimed she had too much stuff going on that night.

Bullshit!

Our little dance at the club bothered her and if I'm being honest it affected me too. Surely it's just a physical thing; she's f**king hot and knows how to move her body.

I need to get close to her for my plan to work.

She'll cave eventually.

4

The next few weeks fly by and we are coming up on Fourth of July weekend. Summer and Rex have been working me over, trying to get me to agree to go to Myrtle Beach. Rex and Knox own a house right on the beach. It sounds great; my only problem is...Knox is going to be there. I really would like to get out of the city. I just wish it didn't involve Knox coming along. I'm trying to keep the distance between us but he's making it hard.

My runs are now our runs, every day when I get off work he would somehow manage to find me. The only chance I didn't have of seeing him was on Sundays when I tucked myself in the apartment all day. I don't even sit out on the balcony anymore because I feel like he's watching me.

Knox is still trying to convince me to go to dinner with him but at least now he's coming up with more creative ways. He's left notes on napkins, coffee cups, straw wrappers and he even tried to win me over with delivering chocolate covered strawberries one afternoon.

Why? Why is he messing with me? I know he's harmless but doesn't he have anything else to do? Why can't he just leave me alone? He can have any girl, why me?

After work one afternoon I stand in the kitchen making myself a sandwich when I hear the front door open, "Hey Summer!" I yell over my shoulder.

She doesn't respond.

I look over my shoulder to see what's going on. Her face is tear stained and her eyes are all red and puffy. "Summer, what's the matter?"

She takes a deep breath, "I just got...fired." She whispers.

Shit!

Summer landed a job as a Marketing Assistant for a well-known fashion magazine here in New York within the first week we moved here. This job was a step towards her dream job.

"Do you want to talk about it?" I ask sympathetically.

She stares off into space, "No." She gets up and walks into her bedroom.

I give her a few minutes to settle down before I head in, "When you're ready to talk I'm here. Don't worry about the bills until you get back on your feet, I have us covered."

She kicks off her heels and sighs loudly, "Thanks Jas."

I smile, "Of course." I walk over to the only window in her bedroom and pull the blinds up. I glimpse across towards Knox's apartment. It's becoming a habit now. I don't see him which means maybe he's already out running without me.

"Why do you do that?" Summer asks.

I pull the blinds down again, "Do what?"

"Stare over at his balcony. I know you want nothing to do with him yet I find you doing little things all the time just to get a peek at what's going on over there."

"I have no idea what you're talking about. I think this heat is getting to you." I say, deflecting her scrutiny.

"Which is exactly why we need to get out of the city Jas, please come with us?" She pleads.

I'm already regretting these thoughts running in my head. I know this isn't going to end well for me but Summer is my best friend and I can tell she needs this break and she won't go if I don't because she'll feel bad about leaving me behind. She's already done so much for me when we were growing up and I feel like this is some kind of very small payback.

Sighing loudly I give in. "Fine."

She bounces on her bed, landing on her stomach, "What?"

I glare at her, "You heard me, but...don't force me to hang out with Knox. I want to soak up the rays on the beach. I'm looking a little pasty these days."

She grabs my hand and pulls me to sit on her bed. "This is going to be amazing! Thank you, and I promise to be your buffer with Knox. I doubt you'll even be seeing him, Rex said he runs a few clubs down there so I'm sure he'll be busy."

"I just want to go and have a good time."

Summer picks at a piece of lint on her pants, "Remember that ass**le boss of mine, Dave? The one who kept trying to get me to go on a date with him?"

"Yeah."

Tears fill Summer's eyes, "He went to HR and filed a harassment complaint about me. I was called into the big boss' office this morning and they said they had to let me go. I tried to explain that they had the story backwards but he didn't care. I've only been there for a few months and Dave has been there for years. Of course they are going to believe him."

I reach over and grab Summer's hand, "I'm sorry Summer. Things will work out, you'll find something else."

Summer lets go of my hand and wipes her tears away. "I know. It just sucks because I loved that job."

Summer and I lie on our backs staring at the ceiling when my phone beeps. I lean towards her and grab my phone out of my back pocket. There is a text from a number I don't recognize.

Unknown: Don't think you've gotten out of our run today.

Groaning, I drop it on the bed next to me.

"Everything ok?" Summer asks.

"Yup."

"Liar."

"Yup."

"Want to talk about it?"

"Nope."

We lay there for a little while before my phone beeps again. Summer looks over at me and a sly smile splays across her lips.

Annoyed, I ask her, "What?"

"Knox?"

Groaning, "Yes, how did he get my number? I know you didn't do it and I've threatened Rex's balls so I'm pretty sure he wouldn't do it either."

She sits up and crosses her legs, "You know he's just messing with you right?"

"You could have fooled me. I think he's stalking me." I joke around.

"Jasmine, you know I adore you and I think you're beautiful and amazing..."

I cut her off, "Stop buttering me up."

She chuckles, "He can have any girl he wants."

I raise my eyebrows, trying to figure out where she is going with this. "Exactly, he's pretty f**king hot. So my point is, why me? Why doesn't he chase after someone who will give him the time of day?"

I watch her try to come up with an answer that would satisfy me. "You're a challenge. Guys like Knox love a challenge."

A challenge.

I don't want to be anyone's challenge.

Rex is going to be here any minute. I throw some last minute things in my bag. I'm ready to get out of the city and into some sun.

Summer drags a big ass suitcase into the living room. "Summer, seriously? We are going away for a few days not a month."

She stands the bag up against the wall near the front door. Summer glances back at me and rolls her eyes, "You never know what we're going to need. We don't have anything planned so I packed for a little of everything."

I shake my head, "All I packed was a few outfits, a few pairs of shoes and a couple of bathing suits."

Before she could go on about me needing to be more prepared in the event that we go somewhere and I don't have the correct clothing, there is a knock at the door.

Weird, Henry didn't buzz us first.

Summer runs over to the door to answer it.

"Oh...hey Knox. I wasn't expecting you, where's Rex?" Summer asks.

Rex peeks his head in the door and Summer blushes.

I hope I'm not stuck with these non-relationship committing lovebirds all weekend or this is going to be a bust of a trip.

Both boys walk in, I get up to grab my bags from my bedroom so we can get this trip started. I pick up my bag and I'm about to sling it on my shoulder when I hear chuckling behind me.

I quickly spin around, "What the hell are you doing in here?"

He holds his hands up, surrendering, "Just coming to see if you need help."

He takes a step forward, I take a step back.

"Well as you can see, I've got everything right here. Let's get going." Damn, he was making me uncomfortable and is invading my space again. I can't think straight when he's near me.

He takes another step forward. I attempt to take a step back but I'm stopped by the bed. I'd be damned if I submit to him, so I stand tall.

He reaches up and cups the side of my face with his big callused hand, "Damn you're beautiful." Knox says in that gruff sexy voice of his. He slowly runs his fingers down my neck to my shoulder and all the way down my arm to grab the bag out of my hand. "I know you can handle it but I insist on helping."

Holy Hell! It's hot as hell in here; I guess Summer already turned the air conditioner off.

Knox laughs, "Red looks good on you." He winks and strolls out of the room.

Knox 1. Jasmine 0.

This 'ruining his challenge' is going to be my personal hell.

Taking her to the house that holds so many memories for me is going to screw with my head, but it needs to be done. I need to devote some one-on-one time with her. I just hope no one brings them up.

If I'm being honest with myself, the more I'm around Jasmine, the more I'm reminded of her. Not only do they appear strikingly similar, but I'm finding they act and do some of the same things. She loved to dance, Jasmine loves to dance too. She ran every day, Jasmine runs every day. When you paid her a compliment she would get all bashful. Jasmine is the same way when her cheeks turn all red.

I miss her so much.

5

Knox's car doesn't surprise me when we walk out of our apartment building. There was a sleek black Ranger Rover parked at the curb with its four ways blinking. Obviously he's got some kind of connection because there is no way in hell that he would have been allowed to park there and run up to our apartment.

"Fancy." I say sarcastically as he opens the passenger side door for me.

Knox has a smug smile on his face, "Only thing fancy here is you, sweetheart. Now get your fine ass in the car so we can get going."

I cross my arms over my chest and glance over in Rex's direction. He is still loading his bag in the trunk. Summer has been watching our banter back and forth and she knows I'm about to ask Rex if I can sit in the back so she pulls the puppy dog face. I shake my head and give in, even though I don't want to sit next to Knox on this long ass drive. After I'm seated I buckle my seatbelt and adjust it until I'm comfortable. Knox walks around the front of the car, all the while watching me, and then climbs in the car. I'll admit Knox's car is really nice, something I'm sure my father would have bought me for a graduation present had I gone back home and worked for his company. The interior is just as sleek as the outside, the leather seats are gray and black and super comfortable. Most of the interior is black and gray throughout; there is a navigation system that comes to life when Knox starts up the car. All the interior lights are cool blue, giving it the perfect glow even in the broad daylight. There is a nice full size panoramic sunroof and when he turns the radio on, the speaker system sounds crystal clear.

"Sweet, there are TVs in the headrest." Summer announces as she and Rex both climb in the back seat. "How do you turn this thing on?"

Summer gasps and Knox and Rex both curse under their breath. I turn in my seat to see Summer's eyes as big as saucers.

"What wrong?"

Summer looks to Rex who starts chuckling. "My brother here must have forgotten to take his p**n o DVD out."

I look back to Summer who has a disgusted look on her face. I shake my head and turn back around in my seat. It doesn't surprise me one bit that that's what would be playing.

Our ten hour drive to Myrtle Beach is for the most part uneventful. At least it is for me because I slept most of the ride. If I wasn't sleeping I had my headphones in to drown out what was going on around me and keep my focus off Knox. Nothing was stopping him trying to get under my skin the whole ride though. He's brushed up against my arm at least a million times. I had my arm resting on the center console and my hand dangling off when he slipped his pinky finger around mine. I didn't react even though maybe I should have but I just kept acting like I was asleep. Another time Knox was handed a water bottle from Rex and when he finished he "attempted" to put it in the cup holder and completely missed. Conveniently it fell on my side of the car so he tried to reach for it while he was driving. I knew what he was doing all along but I wasn't about to fall for it so I moved my legs over and out of his reach, but of course that wouldn't stop Knox who still managed to get a nice long feel up my calf to my knee where I flung his hand away.

We pull up to the house and I'm a little blown away. Okay that's a lie, I'm really blown away. I was thinking we were coming to a condo that they have on the beach. I mean what more could two guys like Knox and Rex need when they don't permanently live here?

It's a burnt orange two-story house with a grand double staircase. There are two palm trees planted on both corners of the house and beautiful landscaping all along the front of the house. A porch lined the front with rocking chairs placed on either side of the front door and great big bay windows on either side of the entrance. There is a tall gate surrounding the house too. The second story is mostly lined with windows. On both corners of the house are French doors that lead out to small balconies.

I open my side of the car door and step out. The salty air invades my senses. I take a deep breath, hold it in and then release it. The sounds and smells of the ocean are calming.

"Damn guys," Summer says when she climbs out from the other side.

Knox, who has already got out of the car, shrugs his shoulders, "It's just a house."

I snort, Knox turns and smirks at me. Our apartment in the city feels like a shoebox compared to the house we are about to be staying in.

Summer tilts her chin in the direction of a black Jeep sitting in the driveway in front of where Knox parked. "You didn't tell me everyone would be here this weekend, ass**le. Where are we all going to sleep?" Rex says when he opens the car door.

Knox shrugs his shoulders again, "When aren't they here, Rex?"

Knox reaches back into the car to grab his cell phone then leads us up the front steps. I take a survey of all the other houses around. None are really close which is nice. They all have the same style but all different colors. It seems like the houses across the street are all lightly colored and the oceanfront properties are all brightly colored.

Knox is unlocking the door when he turns and peers over his shoulder, "Prepare yourselves."

I prepared myself but not for what I hear. He pushes open the door and all we hear is music playing from somewhere in the house and a female voice moaning, "Not that hole Cade!"

Summer elbows me and I lose it. I can't hold the laughter back. We are crying from laughing so hard and my stomach is aching. Rex and Knox are looking at us like we have completely lost it.

Finally, catching our breath, we straighten ourselves back up as the guys still gawk at us like we have two heads.

"What?" I say and start busting out laughing. Damn, it feels good to laugh like this. I've decided to temporarily put operation 'keep away from Knox' on hold and just enjoy myself. It's so nice to be out of the city and feel like I can act myself around Knox even if it is only for a little bit.

Knox walks in the house first and calls out, "Cade!"

We all hear Cade say, "Fuck." Followed by a girl asking, "Who's that?" and then Cade telling her to put her damn clothes back on and get out.

"Cade!" Knox yells again as we close in on what I believe is the living room. I hope to God this girl is a quick dresser, I'm not really into that sort of thing.

My eyes roam the foyer. All the walls are white but they are bare, no pictures, no nick nacks, nothing. We walk down a hallway and into a huge open-floor plan which consists of the living room, dining room and kitchen. The walls are all a lightly colored orange. In the living room there is a dark gray sectional couch with orange throw pillows piled on one side as Cade and his disheveled looking girlfriend, or whatever she is, sits on the other end. Glass end tables sit on both ends of the sectional and a glass coffee table sits in the middle of the room. A huge flat screen TV is mounted on the wall above a fireplace. The right side of the room is lined with twenty foot glass windows looking out over the ocean. The view of the ocean is incredible from where I'm standing. I walk over to the windows to get a better look of the beach.

It's a magnificent view.

Someone clears their throat behind me and it startles me. I turn and Knox is giving me a knowing smile. He's proud of their house and he has every right to be. I return his smile and peer back out towards the ocean. I could stand here and admire this view all weekend long.

I hear shuffling and mumbling behind me but still don't turn around. Honestly I hope it's Cade and his girl leaving. I've probably lost Summer somewhere because I don't hear her and she isn't next to me.

"Some view huh?" He asks.

"Yeah, it's beautiful."

"Just like you." Knox whispers.

I close my eyes and bite down hard on my bottom lip. I slowly open my eyes, hoping to ignore that comment. He can try and woo me all he wants, I'm not caving. I refuse.

Before Knox can say anything further I can see someone approaching, I look back out at the ocean, feeling a little shy. Knox is oblivious until the person comes over and rests his elbows on both of our shoulders.

I snap my head in the direction of the laughter that is now filling the silence.

"Sorry about that. I didn't realize you guys were coming so early."

I shrug this guy's elbow off my shoulder.

Knox chuckles, "Cade this is Jasmine Jennings, Jasmine this is Cade Stevens."

I manage to muster up a small smile.

He smiles happily, oblivious to my distaste of what we walked in on and says, "What's up JJ?"

I glare, hard. "Jasmine," I correct him. I hate when people call me that when they don't even know me.

He throws his head back and laughs. I peek over at Knox who shakes his head and walks away. I figure now it's safe and turn around to find out where the hell Summer went, but I don't see her anywhere so I follow Knox into the kitchen. Same color walls with stainless steel appliances and dark gray cabinets. That's something you don't see a lot of and it gives the kitchen a more modern look.

"You hungry?" Knox asks me. He walks over to the fridge and starts shuffling things around.

"No but I'll take a bottle of water if you have one please."

He hands me the bottle but doesn't let go. I look up, waiting for him to say something, but he doesn't. He's just staring intently at me like he wants to devour me. I pull the bottle a little harder but he still doesn't let go. Instead he jerks the bottle towards him and I collide right into him. Chest to chest, stomach to stomach, legs to legs, the only thing separating us is the water bottle that's between our bodies.

I hear Cade bark a laugh, "Alright, alright, I got it man. No need to piss on your territory."

I immediately let go of the bottle and take a step back from Knox who's still staring at me. I feel my cheeks start to burn and I turn to walk away but he grabs my wrist.

I turn towards him, "Go up the steps we passed when we walked in, second bedroom on the right."

I have no idea where he is sending me but I don't give it another thought. I start to walk back down the hallway when I hear Cade say something about a nice ass.

Pig.

I follow Knox's directions and I run into a couple walking down the steps. I slide to the side so they can pass. I wonder who that was and if they know Cade was down here just a few minutes ago screwing some girl on the couch. They seem nice enough as they both said hi when passing me. The girl was cute, a tiny little thing. She's burnt to a crisp, skin glowing red. Her blue eyes popping out against the reddened skin, her long poker straight hair has brown and blonde highlights throughout. The guy is similar to Knox's height. Jet black hair, green eyes and a scruffy looking face that just made him hotter. His skin is bronzed and he is very muscular, maybe even more so than Knox.

I walk up to the second door and peek my head into the open door, not really knowing what to expect. I sigh in relief when I notice Summer and Rex sitting on the bed talking. I walk in and take a seat next to Summer. Rex nods at me.

"Okay look, you're going to get pissed but I don't know what else to do." Summer starts whining.

"What's going on?" I truly don't know what it could be. The vacation so far is going well.

"You have to sleep in Knox's room." Summer rushes out.

Knox walks in before I can even decipher what she just spit out.

I glance up and he holds the water bottle out to me that I never got downstairs, I take it and smile at him.

I squint at Summer and ask, "What did you say?"

"You have to sleep in Knox's room. With everyone else here there isn't any room for you and me to share. Rex refuses to sleep with his brother so I'm going to stay in here with him. The only other option is for you to sleep on the couch which..." she doesn't need to finish because we are all aware of what we walked into.

Well this just sucks, so much for trying to stay clear of Knox. No way can that happen now that I have to share his room with him. I'm going to have to play this cool for now and figure something out later when we go to bed. "It's fine. I think Knox can behave himself, right?" I look over at Knox who is, of course, smiling cockily at me.

He reaches up and rubs the back of his neck, "I'm pretty sure I can behave myself but can you?"

"You're not my type stud." I say with a wink.

Knox walks out of the room laughing.

Summer flops back on the bed, "I'm so sorry I dragged you down here Jas. I needed to get away but I thought this would have been fun for us. Now I feel like I trapped you."

I lie back on the bed next to Summer and grab her hand, "Don't worry about it. I know you didn't do this on purpose. It's fine, we're supposed to be down here relaxing."

She turns her head in my direction, "Are you really going to be ok with this?"

I muster a smile, "I'll be fine."

I really wasn't sure if I would be but I wasn't going to add this on top of everything else she has going on lately. I talked myself into going on this vacation so there is no one else to blame but myself.

Rex has been quiet the whole time, I sit up and he's looking at me. "What the hell have you done with Jasmine?"

I reach around and grab a pillow off the bed and throw it at him. "Asshole,"

He catches it, and snuggles it to his chest while laughing.

Knox ran out to the store to pick up burgers for the grill, he insists on cooking when all of us told him to just order a pizza. He drove ten hours today, one would think he's exhausted but he says he's fine.

The couple I met earlier is Tanner and Rhea. They've known Knox and Rex since they were all in diapers. Tanner is Knox's age, twenty-six, and Rhea is my age, twenty-two. Tanner is the only guy in their small knit group that has a girlfriend and he takes a lot of shit from the guys about it. Rhea just sits back and laughs at them all, she's really laid back and doesn't seem to have a care in the world, and Tanner is just the same.

While Knox is out at the store and Summer and Rex are up in his room I take a stroll down to the beach to watch the sunset. It's absolutely breathtaking. It's peaceful, no city noises, no awful subway smells. The only noises are the seagulls squawking and the waves crashing. I take a seat in the warm sand and bury my feet. The sun is just touching starting to touch the ocean. I close my eyes and take everything in but my peace is disturbed by Cade minutes later.

"Yo JJ," He yells.

Sighing, I turn towards his voice, and yell, "Yeah?"

"Knox is back, he said to get your fine ass in the kitchen where you belong." He's laughing and I know he's only joking around.

I stand, brush the sand off and make my way back, missing the ending of a perfect sunset.

Knox is out on the huge deck that's off the kitchen, standing shirtless at the grill. My mouth goes dry. Yeah, there is no way that I can sleep in his room, it just can't happen.

"You need help?" I ask.

He smiles, "Yeah. Come over here."

I go over to where he is standing, he puts down the lid on the grill, turns towards me and starts to lean in. I'm stunned, my feet rooted to the deck. My brain is screaming at me to take a step back. He places a kiss on my cheek, very softly. Actually, I'm not even sure you can call it a kiss, more like his lips brushed my cheek.

He whispers in my ear, "You can't wear those shorts again."

I'm dumbfounded.

He pulls back and intently looks into my eyes, "That perfect ass of yours is out on display and it's going to cause a lot of trouble around here."

Huh? I look over my shoulder towards Cade who is licking his lips and staring at my ass.

"My ass is covered." I protest. I know for a fact that it's covered, I'm not one of those girls that walks around with their ass cheeks hanging out.

He chuckles, "I know baby but the way your ass looks in them wants me to rip them from your body with my teeth."

My breath catches. I'm shocked and surprised by what he just said.

I'm not really sure how to respond and I'm not really sure that I could even if I wanted to. I glance back at him before sliding the glass door open and stepping into the empty kitchen. I'm glad it's empty; I need a few minutes to myself.

Thankfully I've had a minute to collect myself before Rex comes into the kitchen. He walks into the fridge and grabs a beer.

I hand him to bottle opener that is sitting on the counter next to me. "Thanks."

"Welcome."

Rex narrows his eyes at me. "Why are you in here by yourself?"

I feel my cheek flush. "Oh nothing just waiting for dinner."

Rex lets out a laugh, "Knox hitting on your again?"

I fiddle with my fingers, "No."

"Yeah I'm sure he's not." Rex throws his arm around my shoulder "He likes you Jas."

I scoff, "You're shitting me?"

Rex drops his arm from around my shoulder, "Such a smart ass."

"Always."

Rex walks outside to go see what his brother is up to while I continue to stand here and figure out how I'm going to make it through this weekend without wanting to hang myself.

Knox walks in a little bit later and sits the burgers down in the center of the table, then goes about grabbing everything else that he plans on serving us for dinner. Once everything is set, he grabs his phone and a few minutes later everyone suddenly appears for dinner.

I try to ignore the looks that Knox is giving me and concentrate on what's going on around the table. Cade is growing on me slowly but surely. He seems like the wild one of the group but as the stories start flying around the table I'm beginning to think this isn't true because I haven't met Jeremy yet.

"I lost that ass**le last night and I haven't been able to find him." Cade laughs, "I left him with some girl giving him a b**w j*b outside the bar."

"Classy," I mutter under my breath. Rhea and Summer who are both seated next to me start laughing.

The conversations carry on, I glimpse at the clock and notice it's nearing midnight and I still haven't got my bags from Knox's car and I'm getting sleepy.

Summer catches on to me and fakes a yawn, "I don't know about you guys but I'm calling it a night. I'm going to go grab my bag from the car."

I'm so glad she can read me like a book.

Rex and Knox follow suit. The four of us leave the others to clean up dinner. I haven't even seen Knox's room to figure out where I can sleep at this point. I'm really hoping there is a couch, or hell even a chair at this point, to sleep on. I haven't said much to him since his comment back out on the deck and it's becoming a little awkward.

"The bags are already in our rooms." Knox tells us as we are walking down the hallway.

"Thanks man," Rex says to his brother.

When we reach the second floor, Summer and Rex go into their room and I follow behind Knox to the last door on the left.

Knox opens the door, flips the light switch and waits for me to walk in. I'm astounded, his room is massive. It's literally about the entire size of my apartment. His California king size canopy bed with all black bedding, with accents of red, is pushed up against the wall the door is on. Opposite his bed is a wall of floor to ceiling windows. I walk over to the windows and gaze out over the ocean, watching the waves crash onto the shore. If I lived here I don't think I would ever want to leave this room.

Knox taps me on the arm with his elbow, "See, it's not so bad to share a room with me now is it?"

He has that smug look on his face again.

"The bathroom is right through that door on the left. I'm going to go grab a couple bottles of water while you do your things and get ready for bed."

He walks out of the room and I wander to the bathroom. I turn the light switch on and again I'm shocked. It's sparkling white and everything shines. There is a corner bathtub that looks like heaven and calling my name.

Hmm, that gives me an idea.

I run back out to Knox's bed, grab all his pillows and his comforter. I quickly make my way back into the bathroom and throw all the pillows and the comforter in the tub. This is the only good idea I have since I don't want to be walking around like an old lady tomorrow from sleeping on his hardwood floors. I turn the light off but leave the door cracked open so that I can still see out. I climb into the little piece of heaven that I made and cover myself with the blanket. Snuggling into the down comforter I can smell Knox, it's faint but it's there. Maybe this wasn't such a good idea after all but it's too late to change my mind because I hear Knox curse loudly.

"Fuck."

His footsteps grow louder the closer to the bathroom he gets. He flips the switch and laughs long and hard. I keep my eyes shut, ignoring him, praying he thinks I actually fell asleep.

"I knew you were entirely too easy agreeing to stay in my room." He says when he finally stops laughing.

I give him the finger and he laughs again. Next thing I know the covers are being ripped away from me. I sit up about ready to start bitching when he yanks the cloth shower curtain down and throws it at me.

"Two can play that game, baby." He flips the light switch off, shuts the door and that's the last I see of him.

"What a douchebag." I mumble to myself before getting situated with my shower curtain that's now my blanket.

There is just no way I can sleep next to him. I know he said he could behave himself but I'm not sure I can. Ugh.

Yeah I'm the world's biggest ass**le for taking the covers and leaving her to sleep in the bathtub but truthfully this is the only way I'm going to get any sleep. I can't have Jasmine sleeping in the same bed as me. It's bad enough that I'm sharing my room with her.

Rex was worried about bringing Summer and Jasmine to the beach house. He knew it would be hard on me but I told him it was fine. It sort of is but it is a lot harder on me then I thought it would be. Every time Rex gets a chance lately he tries to convince me to drop my plan. That is something I can't do.

I'm trying to keep the steel chains wrapped around my heart but honestly I'm doing a shitty job of it. When I saw her sitting down on the beach watching the sunset by herself I just about threw the whole f**king plan out the window but I reeled my shit in and tightened the chains.

6

I wake up to the sound of a steady stream of running water. I wipe the sleep away from my eyes, yawn and stretch. I start to sit up when I notice Knox in the bathroom, and then it clicks. "Please for the love of God; tell me you aren't taking a piss."

He nonchalantly looks over his shoulder at me, shrugs, and then goes back to taking care of business. He closes the toilet lid then washes his hands. When he's done he leans back against the counter and eyes my messy hair and twisted tank top, "Morning, Sexy. How'd you sleep?"

I roll my eyes and ease back down against the pillow. "I slept just fine, although it's a little chilly."

His eyes drop to my chest where my ni**les are on full display.

"I can tell."

I cross my arms over my chest and mumble 'asshole' under my breath. Knox has no shame in trying to make me feel more uncomfortable than I already am.

He walks over to me and extends his hand, "Come on, let's go for a run before everyone wakes up. Then I'll cook you breakfast."

I eye his hand, thinking to myself that there isn't an easy way out of this. He's not going to leave me alone until I give in. Right before I fell asleep last night I wiggled out of my shorts, leaving me in only my thong and tank top. I can't get anymore more uncomfortable than this so here goes nothing. I throw the covers back and place my hand in his.

Knox's grip tightens around my hand, "Um Knox." I squeeze his hand a little before he starts to let go of mine.

I climb out of the tub and try to let go of his hand but he pulls me towards him. Knox's eyes are smoldering with fire. The tone in his voice is both serious and promising. "You can't dress like that or I can't keep my promise to behave myself."

I shiver in response. I want him and it's getting harder and harder to fight the attraction. I don't want to just be a challenge for Knox. I want him to want me for me.

This bathroom is too small and I need to place some distance between us.

I pat his chest with my free hand, trying to keep calm. His heartbeat is beating as rapidly as mine. "Keep it in your pants."

He throws his head back and laughs, finally he lets me go. I pull everything I need out of my bag for our run: shorts, sports bra, and my Nikes. I grab my toiletry bag along with my clothes and walk back into the bathroom to get changed. Knox passes me when he steps out of the bathroom but I don't dare look up at him. When I come out he's sitting on the bed with his elbows resting on his knees.

"I'm sorry Jasmine, for being a dick last night." He says quietly.

I throw my dirty clothes on the floor near my bag and stand there for a second with my eyes closed. I don't want to fight with him. I really don't. I'm here all weekend and I want to enjoy my stay so I say the only thing I can think of to keep things light. "It's fine, Knox."

I turn around to face him and he's looking at me with sorrowful eyes, "It's not, and you're not sleeping in the tub tonight. If you don't want to share a bed with me I'll go sleep on the couch." He stands and walks over to the door, holding it open for me. "You ready?"

I run back in the bathroom, grab a hair tie out and start throwing my hair up into a messy bun as I walk towards the door. Knox places a hand on the small of my back, I tense for second from the shock of his touch. As we walk through the house all is quiet, everyone is still asleep. Out on the back deck I start stretching, getting ready for this much needed run. Knox is doing the same but he's turned his back towards me and I'm admiring the view. He has a really great ass.

Our run starts out strong. Both lost in our own heads. I keep glancing over at Knox who is only about two steps ahead of me but he doesn't glance back at me once. Later on, Knox pulls his iPhone out of his armband, almost drops it in the sand but catches it just in time. He's running with his head in his iPhone and I'm just waiting for him to see if he trips and if he does I'm going to piss myself from laughing. Eventually we slow our pace by a nearby pier. I paced back and forth with my hands on top of my head pulling as much oxygen into my lungs as possible.

Knox tips his head up to the sky, "I'm sorry I was acting like such an ass this morning."

Still panting, I glance over at him, "Stop acting like one and you wouldn't feel the need to keep apologizing."

Knox walks over to me and takes my iPhone out of my armband. I tilt my head to the side wondering what the hell he's doing. He unplugs my headphone adapter and plugs it into his and then puts his iPhone in my armband. He taps the play button and a fast tempo sounds from the ear buds. I watch as Knox hooks up my iPhone and then he nods back towards the house.

A song that I love, Bloodstream by Stateless starts up on Knox's iPhone. I go to turn up the volume and I take note that I'm listening to Jasmine's Playlist, I guess this is what he was doing while we were running. This song is dark, dreary, and emotional. Is there supposed to be some kind of meaning behind this song?

Listening to song after song on his phone I've come to realize a few things about Knox's music. A majority of his music is emotional, heavy, dark, intense and sad. Mixed in between those are some hardcore, pissed off, angry songs. His songs are like a roller coaster. You have your ups and downs but it's your choice whether you throw your hands up in the air and scream at the top of your lungs or you don't ride the ride at all.

When Knox and I get back from our run, which was a little intense, everyone is all piled in the living room. Some guy that wasn't here yesterday is lying shirtless on one end of the sectional. His hair a crazy mess of dark curls, his bright green eyes are bloodshot making him look very tired. His upper torso is covered in tattoos along with both his arms. He's all muscle, cut divinely everywhere. My mouth turns dry as I take him in. He catches me checking him out, I try to divert my eyes but it's too late. He winks and smiles at me.

All of a sudden Cade starts laughing, loudly. Rex covers his face with his free hand and Summer, who is occupying his other hand, is looking from one person to the other. Tanner and Rhea are whispering to each other from where they lay on the floor. I look over at Knox who is glaring hard at Hercules over in the chair.

I nudge Knox in the side, "I'm going to shower then I'll come help you cook."

"Aren't you going to introduce us Knox? Or you know, I can handle it and show her to the bathroom myself." The guy says while wagging his eyebrows at me.

What a douchebag!

Knox crosses his arms over his chest, still glaring hard. He didn't seem to want to make the introduction so I start walking away. As I pass by Hercules, who's smirking at Knox, he grabs my hand. I try to yank it back but when I do he tugs me hard and I basically fall onto his lap. Knox curses and storms over to us, I freeze in place. The rage in Knox's eyes scares the hell out of me but in some weird way I feel a shield wrap around me within Hercules' grasp.

"Jeremy, knock it the f**k off. Leave her alone. She isn't one of your little toys." Knox seethes.

I feel the rumble in Jeremy's chest before he belts out a laugh that causes me to shiver. Knox grabs for me and Jeremy lets me go with no resistance. "Go upstairs and take your shower, Jasmine." Knox tells me.

I look over to Rex for some kind of help but he's just shaking his head. I'm a little hurt that Rex would just sit there and do nothing. I storm off down the hall but as I reach the stairs I hear Jeremy say, "Damn doesn't she look just like-Omph." His voice gets cut off.

Who do I look like?

After my shower I dress in a pair of cut off shorts and a white tank top with white flips flops. I braid my long hair over my shoulder and apply a little eye shadow, mascara and lip gloss. I forgo putting sunblock on for now because I'm not sure what the plan is for the day. I spray a few sprits of body splash and head downstairs to help Knox with breakfast.

My breath catches as I walk into the kitchen to see Knox standing at the counter. He's got a pair of black cargo pants that are hung low on his h*ps and he's shirtless and barefoot. His tattoos are out in full display and my mouth waters. He's dicing vegetables and I watch as his muscles flex. Knox must have used Rex's shower because his hair is wet and it's standing up all over the place and I just want to run my fingers through it.

He must sense that I'm standing behind him because he slowly sets the knife down and turns towards me. He smiles at me and motions me to come over to him with a head nod. I hesitate for just a second before I go over.

"You want to finish cutting these peppers up for me so that we can throw them in with the eggs?"

I nod, "Sure. Um," I look down at the peppers and there is only a few strips cut, "how do you want them cut?"

He grins. "In bite size pieces is fine."

I get to work cutting the peppers while Knox moves around the kitchen getting other things ready for breakfast. Everyone else is in the living room watching a movie, probably some kind of action movie because I hear a lot of gun fire and yelling.

"You done?" Knox startles me.

I place the knife down and wipe my hands on the towel. I left a few strips so that I can munch on them while the eggs are cooking. "Yup, all ready for you."

In a heartbeat Knox is in my personal space, my back against his chest. "Is that so?" I inhale sharply. Knox puts a hand on my right hip and slowly inches forward to my lower stomach. I start panting. He slides his hand lower on my stomach and my body starts to tremble. Suddenly Knox's hand is gone and so is the hand towel that I was still holding on to. "I bet those peppers are gonna taste even better than I imagined." His warm breath tickles my neck.

Embarrassment flushes me and stains my cheeks red. Needing something to distract myself I reach for a pepper and pop it in my mouth.

I see him shake his head out of the corner of my eye. "Hungry?"

I shrug and smirk to myself, "Not as much as you are."

Knox adds the peppers to the eggs and then mixes it up before pouring if into the frying pan. I perch myself on the counter and watch as Knox cooks. He reaches around me for a spatula and I get that electric shock and my breath catches. I know by the smirk on his face that he feels it too.

I take another bite of the leftover bell pepper and Knox groans. My eyes rise to his and I see him staring at me, his eyes are dark and hooded.

"What?" I ask him.

Knox just shakes his head.

I put another pepper in my mouth and suck on it, teasing Knox. He wanted to start something; I'm going to finish it. In a flash Knox stands directly in front of me. The pepper hangs from my mouth and both hands hold on to the counter shaken that he was going to try and move me.

Knox leans forward and the weight of him pushes my legs apart so that he can get closer to me. I freeze, afraid to move, anticipation coursing through me.

Knox stares intently at my lips. He inches forward again; he's so close I can feel his breath on my face, minty and clean.

"If you don't stop eating those peppers I'm going to do something that you're probably not going to like very much. So if you don't want that to happen I suggest you knock it off, Jasmine." Knox whispers. His mouth slightly opens as he takes the other end of the pepper into his mouth. His full pink lips are so close. So close. Fighting the fact that my eyes want to flutter close I hear someone behind us clear their throat.

"Sorry to break up the moment but the rest of us are starving so if you aren't going to cook can you get the f**k out of the kitchen so we can?" Jeremy says with a grin on his face.

Knox bites the pepper off and turns back to the eggs and Jeremy laughs as he reaches in the cabinet for a glass.

"Has anyone ever told you that red looks good on you?" Jeremy inquires.

Knox throws his head back and laughs.

I glare hard at Jeremy and Knox. "Assholes!" I hop off the counter and go to take Jeremy's seat in the living room until Knox calls us for breakfast.

"So what's the plan for tonight?" Cade says while piling eggs on his plate.

"Club Mango?" Rhea suggests.

Everyone but Summer and I bob their heads up and down in agreement. We're the only two that have never been here so we don't have a say.

"What time are we leaving?" Jeremy questions.

Tanner places his glass down, "Nine, I guess."

Rex adds, "I'll call the cabs and make sure they're here by nine."

Rhea looks over to Knox; he winks at her and then takes another fork full of eggs. Rhea shakes her head and continues to eat. What the hell was that about?

The next few minutes are quiet as everyone finishes up eating. I start to get up from the table as Jeremy speaks up, "Jas," I look over at him. "Make sure you wear something red."

If looks could kill Jeremy would be dead right now. Knox tries to hide his laughter by coughing. "Jackass!"

While Jeremy is easy on the eyes, he gets me a little flustered. Jeremy is a flirt.

I've only known this group, aside from Rex, Summer and Knox, for a day but I feel like I've known them for years. They've accepted me with open arms and I've let them in with no questions. I never put up my walls with any of them. We have an easy banter that feels good. This is a first for me. Everyone that I've encountered through the years have all been fake, hence the reason for my walls.

Fucking Jeremy damn near opened his mouth. He knows better than to ever mention her in front of me. He learned his lesson after we all got shit faced one night and I decked him because he started running his mouth. My boys and Rhea know not to mention her around me. I lose my shit because I'm still so f**ked up about everything that happened. I try to let it go, I really do, but when your life is ripped away from you, you become bitter.

7

After running upstairs I root through my bag to find one of the bikinis that I packed. I find the bottoms of the black and the red top to another. Irritated because I can't find it and I know I packed it, I think 'screw it' and wear the black and red. I really wish I could find the top to the black one because I don't need the jokes all day about the color red.

"Oh well." I mutter to myself before heading into the bathroom. When I turn my heart leaps in my throat. Knox is standing in the doorway with an amused grin on his face. "Damn Knox! You scared the shit out of me."

His chuckles vibrate through my body. He's so hot standing there with those lips I just want to devour with my own. He is, of course, still shirtless and I can't help but let my eyes roam over his bare chest.

"You done?" Knox asks amused.

Shaking my head I go into the bathroom to change. I quickly strip out of my shorts and tank top and put my bikini on. I forgot to pack my sarong and I only have a few outfits left so I just throw my shorts back on until I get down to the beach.

Stepping out of the bathroom I put my bra, panties and tank top back in my bag and grab my Kindle and towel. Knox is lying on his stomach across the bed so I try to be quiet in case he is trying to take a nap. I slip my flip flops on and close the door as quietly as I can behind me. I'm just about to the stairs when Cade yells, "JJ!"

I jump slightly and walk a little quicker to the stairs. "What?"

Cade whistles, "Damn girl!"

I roll my eyes, "Cade, I'm not screwing you."

"That's a shame; you don't know what you're missing out on, sweet stuff."

Now it's my turn to laugh, "Yeah I'm pretty sure I do. Remember I know you don't like to stick it in the right hole."

Cade laughs, "Knox's girl has jokes."

And there went the smile right off my face, "I'm not Knox's girl, Cade. I'm no ones."

He raises his eye brows, "Says you. Every time one of us looks your way Knox wants to rip our heads off."

"Fuck off ass**le." Knox growls from behind me. He's standing at the top of the steps. I don't know how long he's been there but he doesn't look happy and I'm not sure why.

"See." Cade says.

I push past Cade and find Summer fast asleep on Rex's lap in the living room. I point to the beach, letting Rex know where I am going in case Summer wants to come down when she wakes up. I'm not paying attention to where I'm walking and run right into a very hard chest.

"Shit! Sorry." I apologize.

A deep chuckle comes from Jeremy. "No reason to be sorry baby. You'll never hear me complain when your body is pressed up against mine."

A snarl comes from behind me and I know that it's Knox. Jeremy laughs and opens the sliding glass door, allowing me to step out. The summer heat engulfs me and the salt water in the air makes my skin sticky.

I head down to find a spot on the nearly filled beach. After I've got my towel laid out I set down my Kindle and strip out of my shorts. I take a look around and I notice a few guys looking my way. I don't want their attention. I lie down on my stomach and open the book that I started on the way down here. At least an hour has passed and there's still no sign of Summer. I guess her Irish ass is trying to not turn crispy. Speaking of crispy, I turn over on my back to ensure I get an even tan. I set my book aside and close my eyes and listen to all the sounds around me.

I hear a bunch of little kids laughing and yelling and a few guys are playing football nearby. The sounds of the waves crashing in the distance start to lull me to sleep. I didn't get the best sleep last night in the tub because after a while it was pretty cold and hard.

I startle awake some time later. I don't open my eyes right away as I listen to the sounds around me. When my heart settles after being jolted awake I start to slowly open my eyes and sit up.

A few new groups are scattered around and I notice three familiar looking bodies surrounded by a cluster of girls. I shake my head; this doesn't surprise me at all. All three boys are a sight to see.

A shadow casts over me. I put my hand up to block the sun from my eyes and a guy that looks exactly like a Ken doll. He's got the perfect tan, perfect hair, perfect blue eyes and a surfer's body.

"Hey," He starts off.

"Hey,"

He bends down on one knee so we are almost eye level, "You by yourself?"

I nod. The guy is nervous I can tell. I smile thinking to myself how uncomfortable he is. I'm thankful that I'm a girl and don't have to worry about really hitting on a guy.

"I'm Ken by the way."

My eyes go wide, "You're joking right?"

He shakes his head.

I start laughing, I can't help it. "You poor thing."

This gets a laugh from Ken and some of his nervousness fades away.

"Tell me about it. It's the only thing that breaks the ice with the girls though." He explains. "So are you from around here?"

Before I can answer another shadow descends upon me, I look up to see that it's Cade. I let out a loud sigh knowing that Cade is going to mess with this guy.

"Hey baby." Cade croons in a sexy voice.

There is no saving Ken at this point so I just play along with Cade and his c**k blocking. "Hey honey."

That response earns me a smile and a wink. Ken stands up and brushes the sand from his knee. "I'll talk to you later." Ken says before he turns on his heel and leaves.

After he's out of ear shot, Cade sits on at the end of the towel where my feet were. I quickly had to spread my legs to accommodate his presence or he would have sat on my feet. "Well that was easier than I thought it was going to be." Cade tells me.

"Yeah well you probably scared the shit out of him. You're freakishly tall, have huge muscles and you're covered in tattoos."

"That's not all I have going for me." Cade waggles his eyebrows.

"Cade," I whine. "I don't want to hear about that shit."

Cade shifts to the side and pulls out a bottle of sunscreen from his back pocket. He hands it to me, "Be useful and put some of this on me."

I scuffle, "Really? You couldn't get one of your groupies down there to do it?"

"Jealous?"

"Nope."

"Why are you over here anyway? Did Knox send you?"

Cade raises an eyebrow, "You really think it would have ended that nice if Knox had come over?"

Good point.

Cade laughs, "Hurry up and put that on me. I can feel my skin burning and I hate that feeling."

I flip the lid open and pour some of the sun screen in my hands and then start rubbing it into Cade's back. I skim over to Knox and he's still surrounded by the same group of girls. I notice one girl who is scowling at Knox and she has her arms folded across her chest while her friends are ogling Knox and Jeremy.

"What's the deal with her?" I inquire.

Cade looks over to the group and shrugs a shoulder. "She got scorned by Knox and she's bitter about it."

My hands freeze on his back.

"It was years ago, JJ. It was before..." Cade trails off.

"Before what?" I probe.

He shakes his head, "Never mind. It was a long time ago, that's all." Cade climbs to his feet and holds out a hand for me.

I eye the hand for a second before taking it. He pulls me to my feet with ease.

"Let's go cool off."

I reach down and cover my Kindle with my shorts and follow Cade down to the water. He hasn't turned around to see if I followed or not but when he does his eyes go wide in surprise.

"Fuck, how did I miss those before?" Cade asks as he's looking at my hip piercings.

I giggle and push his shoulder, "Stop looking at me like that, freak."

A wave comes up and splashes up my legs and I break out in goose bumps from the cold water hitting my hot skin. I pause, letting my body adjust to the cool temperature of the water before I slowly ease myself further into the ocean. Cade takes a few steps and dives right in the water. I'm not that brave to follow his lead.

I can feel Knox before I see him. My heartbeat picks up a beat, waiting for him to make a move. After a few moments I feel him take a step so he's standing right behind me. He's so close I can feel the heat of his body.

"Dude, move the f**k out of the way." Jeremy yells.

Knox reaches out and places a hand on my hip. My whole body goes tense waiting for his next move. The anticipation is killing me.

"You ok?" Knox asks me over the sound of another wave crashing over my legs.

"Yeah, you?" I shiver but it's not from the water this time. Knox's hand is burning my skin. I so desperately want to fall back against his strong chest and have his arms wrapped around me.

"I wanna touch." Jeremy pouts as he stands next to me.

I laugh and bend at the waist and splash him with the water. A sly grin comes across his face and the next thing I know I'm wrapped in the wrong arms and carried out into the ocean. He doesn't let me down until he is shoulder deep in the water. I have to tread because I can't touch the bottom.

Knox swims out to us with a blank expression on his face. I'm not sure how to take it but I don't have time to dwell on it as Cade swims over to us and picks me up and throws me up in the air.

The guys are clowning around and I'm relaxing just floating on my back. Knox grabs my feet and brings me to him. I sit up and my legs go around his waist and my arms are wrapping around his neck. This is the closest we've ever been aside from the night back at Club Two Twelve.

Knox groans as a wave comes and shifts our bodies somehow closer. I notice right away that even in this cold water he has an erection. My center tightens from the feel of it pressed against me and with the waves coming one right after another the friction is making it worse and the need to rock my h*ps is so strong.

"Jasmine..." Knox trails off.

The way he says my name makes me lose all control. The rest of the world fades out and it's just me and Knox. My h*ps start moving discretely against his length in sync with the motion of the waves and I almost come apart at the seams right then and there.

"Jasmine," Knox tries again.

I wrap my legs around his waist a little tighter and grind harder against him. As I stare into his eyes I see the want and desire in them.

"Damn, y'all would make a f**king awesome p**n o video." Cade says from somewhere behind me.

I scrunch my face in disgust. Knox loosens his hold on me and I drop my legs from around him. Our moment is over.

"You ready to get out of here and go get some dinner?" Cade suggests.

"Hell yeah, I'm starving." Jeremy responds.

Knox quips back, "Douchebag, you just ate before we came down here."

Jeremy grins, "I'm gonna need my strength tonight."

I shake my head back and forth in repulsion, "Pig."

Cade and Jeremy start to swim back up to the shower and I try to follow behind but not before Knox pulls me back against him. He gently thrust his h*ps into my ass reminding me of his problem.

I swim out of his embrace and smile sweetly. "You coming?"

Knox glares.

I giggle at the double meaning of coming and swim away before Knox can get me. I hear him grumble something behind me but I don't stop until I'm touching the bottom of the ocean. I turn around and see that he's still out there by himself, not making any moves to follow me.

I walk up to my towel and start drying my body off.

"So who did all your ink?" Jeremy asks.

"Tony from back home, he's the only one I'll go to." I tell him.

"Nice, he does good work." Jeremy says while letting his eyes roam over my body. I know he isn't just looking at my tattoos.

I look back over the ocean to see where Knox is. He's still where we left him.

I turn back around to slip my shorts on and Cade is standing there smiling out in Knox's direction. "You did a number on him. Good job JJ." He praises.

I pick up my flip flops and Kindle and walk back up to the house with a satisfied smile on my face. It's about damn time that I got one up on Knox.

Knox 1. Jasmine 1.

After I've showered and dressed in a gray Maxi dress I step into the bedroom and see Knox sitting on the floor outside the bathroom door.

My eyebrows bunch, "Everything ok?"

Knox takes his time gazing at my body and every inch that he gets closer to my face a blush creeps up too.

"Couldn't be better," he says with a lazy smile before standing and walking into his bathroom.

I go downstairs but I didn't see anyone so I grab a bottle of water and head back upstairs and wait for everyone to get ready for dinner.

Rex is walking out of his room with a few towels in his hand. "What's up?"

"What's up with you?" I walk over and ruffle his hair.

He glares at me, "Just going to throw these downstairs."

I nod and move out of his way.

"Hey Jas?" Rex stops just before the steps.

With my hand on the door knob I look over to Rex.

"I'm glad you decided to come." He winks and makes his way downstairs.

I'm glad I came too.

I walk into Knox's room without knocking, thinking he would still be in the shower, but he was just coming out in only a pair of tight black boxer briefs. The water bottle that I was holding falls from my hands.

Everything Knox has to offer is on full display and his tight boxers don't leave much to the imagination. My core tightens as I have the urge to squeeze my legs to get some relief. I want this man and I'm only holding on by a string and it's only a matter of time before it breaks. I close my eyes and take a deep breath and then open my eyes and focus on anything other than Knox.

This is going to be a very, very, long, hot night.

I'm f**ked. When I saw her on the beach in her black and red bikini I about exploded in my shorts. I swear my body thinks it's thirteen again. I wanted to take Jasmine right there in the ocean for all to see and I didn't give a shit as long as I was buried so deep that nothing mattered.

I'm torn because I know I shouldn't feel things for her but I do. It's scaring the shit out of me. Jasmine is responding the way that I want her to. Her f**king body responded to mine even when she didn't want it to.

Rex is avoiding me as much as possible without making it look obvious to everyone else. He caught me on my way to my room when I was finally able to get my dick to calm down.

"You still going along with this stupid plan of yours?" Rex says as he leans against the wall in the hallway across from my room.

I grip the towel that is around my neck, "Rex don't start your shit."

"I'm not starting anything and neither are you."

I quirk an eyebrow at him, "I'm not?"

Rex shakes his head. "No, you're not. I've seen the way you are with her and even though the plan is to get her to fall for you, you are actually starting to fall for her."

I clench my jaw and narrow my eyes, "I'm not falling for her."

Rex smirks, "Whatever you say bro. I'm not going to let you destroy her, she's my friend Knox. It's not right and you know it."

Rex and I stand in the hallway glaring at each other until finally Rex shakes his head and walks away.

I need to remember to stick to the plan. Maybe a reminder of what I lost would keep me on the straight and narrow. I have one picture of her here and I need to go up in the attic and remind myself that she isn't here with me the way she is supposed to be. If she was I wouldn't be worried about payback.

8

The guys are all piled into the living room watching TV while waiting for the pizza for dinner to arrive. Rhea, Summer and I are up in Rhea's room routing through her closet trying to find something for me to wear out tonight. Thankfully Rhea is the same size as me so we can share.

After trying on a few dresses I decide on a silver one with a plunging neckline and a back scoop that ends just above my ass. Rhea also lent me a pair of her black pumps so I wouldn't have to stumble around on heels all night.

Summer comes out from the bathroom wearing a short, shimmery blue, one shoulder dress that hugs all her curves. She is sure to turn a few heads tonight. She pairs the dress with silver heels and piles her hair high on top of her head in a tight bun.

"Look okay?" Summer checks with me.

"Yup, Rex is going to have to fend the guys off." I say with a smile. It's true Rex is going to have to keep a tight leash on her tonight.

Rhea is huffing and puffing in her closet, "Everything ok?" I ask.

"Yeah, yeah, just can't decide on what to wear." Her muffled voice yells back.

I peek my head in her closet and I'm in awe at the dress that she held up against her body. "That's the dress."

She turns sideways in the mirror, "You think so? White doesn't make me look too fat?"

I roll my eyes at her, "You, fat? Trust me; Tanner's not going to be able to keep his hands off you tonight."

I take notice that the tags are still on the dress so I know he hasn't seen her in it yet. He's going to be in for one hell of a surprise.

The dress is white with a scoop neckline. One shoulder is cutoff while the other is a full see-through sleeve. There are black lace trim strips that wrap around the dress and it's tight fitted and stops about mid-thigh.

I bend down and pick up a pair of white heels and hand them to her, "Wear those and it's stunning."

Rhea doesn't waste any time stripping off her t-shirt and shorts and then slides the dress on. She slips her tiny feet into the heels and does a full turn in the mirror. "Hair up or down?"

I shake my head, "That's Summers department." I laugh and turn to Summer, "Hair up or down?"

Summer leans against the doorway to Rhea's closet, "Definitely down but with big waves."

Rhea nods and kicks stuff out of her way to get out of the closet that she buried herself in. When she makes it out she takes a seat at the vanity and turns on the curling iron.

I have noticed that a lot of Rhea and Tanner's things are here and I'm dying to ask how often they stay here to have this much stuff settled. I don't want to sound nosy but from when we pulled up it seemed that they were only here a couple of times in the summer.

"What's the matter Jas?" Rhea asks me while looking at me through the mirror.

I sit on the end of her bed and look down to make sure the girls are still covered. I really need to find some tape. Rhea notices, reaches into a drawer in her vanity and throws me some tape. "Thanks." I say as I stand back up and rip off a piece, "I don't want to sound like I'm prying or anything but how often are you and Tanner here? I got the impression that it was only used for a shore house." I rip off another piece and secure the other side.

Rhea picks up a hair brush and starts brushing the knots from her hair. "We used to be here all the time but not so much in the last few years. We haven't really taken all our things home with us because we're hoping things will go back to normal eventually." She stops brushing her hair and looks down at the brush in her hands. "This house holds a lot of memories for all of us."

A flush creeps across my cheeks, embarrassed that I look like I'm trying to dig up dirt on Knox. "I don't want to seem like I'm prying but I feel like I've been missing something since we got here. If there are so many memories how come the house is so empty? There aren't any pictures anywhere, no personal stuff lying around. The house feels so cold."

Rhea looks back down to her hands, "When she left, all of the memories that were spread throughout the house did too, even the ones of his parents."

My stomach drops, "Who is she?"

Rhea's eyes are so sad and glassy with unshed tears, "You'll have to ask Knox. It's not my story to tell."

Summer clears her throat loudly. I almost forgot she was in the room with us. "Let's get your hair up, Jas, and then I'll help Rhea real quick and we'll be on our way." Summer says, steering the conversation in a different direction.

Rhea and I both nod in agreement with Summer. While she's working on my hair my mind starts to wonder who this girl could be. I'm really curious who she is. Could it be his mom, I doubt it. A sister? Could be. A girlfriend is the only thing I would think that would really affect Knox. I think if it was a family member then both Rex and Knox would take it really hard.

Summer places both hands on my shoulders and whispers in my ear. "I see that mind of yours turning. I'm not sure what happened but I'll get it out of Rex. Now place a smile on that beautiful face of yours and let's have some fun."

I grin at Summer; leave it to my best friend to make me feel better. She is on my side and one way or another, together we will figure out what's going on.

As Summer is finishing up with Rhea's hair, Tanner pops in but his eyes go wide at the site of his girlfriend. I glance over at Rhea and gave her a 'told you so' smile.

Tanner stalks right over to Rhea and kisses her until they are both breathless. "Cabs will be here in like twenty minutes."

"K, Sugar Lips," Rhea coos as she wipes her lipstick from Tanner's mouth.

"You guys are so cute." Summer says as she applies some lip gloss to her lips.

Rhea winks in Tanner's direction. Then she quickly glances at Summer, "Thanks."

I stuff my clutch with my ID, lip gloss, money and my cell phone. Just as I zipper it shut one of the guys yell up that the cabs are here.

I'm first to walk down the steps. I hear someone curse, I look up, and I'm met with Jeremy's heated eyes. My cheeks burn red but I manage to smile and keep walking. Cade opens the front door and catches me coming down the stairs and he lets out a low whistle.

"Damn girl." Cade licks his lips and I can't help but laugh. The more I'm around Cade the more he grows on me. He's completely harmless and wouldn't lay a finger on me but he likes to mess around with me.

When I get to the bottom of the stairs I step aside, slightly nervous as I wait on Knox's approval but I don't see him anywhere. The girls come down and are both yanked into their man's hands. This is the biggest PDA I've seen from Summer and Rex since I guess they decided to see where things led.

I ask Jeremy and Cade who are still eyeing me up and down. Pretty soon they are going to be drooling. "So who's going with who?" I say, motioning towards the front door.

Cade blanches when he looks over at the couples. "Those four can go together and me, you, Jeremy and Knox will go in the other cab."

I look over Jeremy's shoulder down the hallway, looking for Knox, but he's nowhere to be found. "Where's Knox?"

Both boys shrug but Jeremy says, "He's in his room still I think."

Rex speaks up behind me, "No he's not but I know where he is."

Rex takes the stairs two at a time and disappears upstairs while Tanner ushers us outside. Rhea and Summer go over to the one cab and the driver opens the door for them, they both slide in the back. Cade, Jeremy and I walk over to the other one and our driver opens the door for us too. Cade jumps into the front while Jeremy and I slide into the back. A few minutes later Rex and Knox walk out, Knox stops to shut and lock the door while Rex climbs into the other cab. When Knox gets closer he has this tightness in his face, nostrils flared and jaw set.

What the hell?

Knox slides in beside me and I scoot over so I'm sitting in the middle. Jeremy stretches his left arm on the back of the seat, giving me just a tiny bit more room so I scoot closer to him. My leg is resting up against Jeremy's because I'm afraid to even look in Knox's direction right now. There is a coldness dripping from him, I'm not sure what the hell happened while we were getting ready but whatever it is isn't good.

A short time later we pull up beside Club Mango and the line wraps around the corner. "Damn Knox," Cade whistles from up front, "Business is doing well, huh?"

My eyebrows shot up in surprise. Is this one of Knox's clubs? How come no one said anything? Well I guess that's stupid, why would they? They've all been here I'm sure.

Jeremy chuckles from beside me, "Guessing you didn't know from that look on your face?"

Cade swears under his breath, realizing that he just told me that this is Knox's club. It's not a big deal; I've been to his other ones.

I take a chance and glance over at Knox who is glaring at Cade. The driver gets out and opens the door for Knox to climb out. Jeremy doesn't wait for the driver to come around and open his door. He climbs out and holds his hand out for me. Thankful, I take it.

Summer runs over to us and throws her arms around me. "Twenty minutes and then I'm getting your ass on the dance floor, girl." She says excitedly.

Knox walks over to the body guards who shake his hand and they open a side door for him to enter. Knox looks back over his shoulder and nods his head for us to follow. He holds the door for all of us to walk in. I'm last to go in but just as I'm stepping through the door my heel catches on a crack in the sidewalk and I stumble. Knox reaches out to grab my arm before I fall. Taking a shaking breath I look up at him. He sighs in frustration and he still has a scowl on his face.

I quickly pull away from him and take a step inside the dark club. It takes my eyes a second to adjust. The door behind me slams hard. I peek over my shoulder and Knox looks even more pissed than he did just a second ago.

My stomach is in knots from his anger. I'm so confused as to where all this anger is coming from. I'm unsure of where to go so I have no choice but to wait for Knox to lead the way.

Realizing that I have no idea where I'm going, he places a warm hand on my bare back and ushers me upstairs to the rest of our group. The second floor has about six, twelve by twelve rooms, three on each side of the club. There is a huge red U shaped couch with a black leather square table placed in the middle. The lighting is set low, giving the floor a light sparkled look. Each room is set up the same way but just a different color. The center of the second floor overlooks the dance floor below. There is a bar along the full wall that only has a few people sitting around it. I walk over and glance over the railing to all the people dancing to the music. The DJ is set up on a stage right along the back wall. All of his equipment is spread out in front him and he's bobbing his head to the beat.

I feel someone standing behind me but I don't turn around. I try to keep my body still but there is this magnetic pull making it difficult. I just want to turn around and throw my arms around Knox and fix whatever is wrong between us.

"Jas!" Summer yells over the music.

I turn in her direction. She holds up a shot for me. I walk over to where the group is holding up their glasses.

"A toast," Jeremy says and holds his shot glass up. "To good friends, good music and good f**king sex tonight."

I roll my eyes as Cade throws his head back and howls. Knox, Rex and Tanner shake their heads laughing. We all tip glasses and take our shots. The tequila sits in my stomach and warms me. Summer pulls me down to sit next to her.

She leans over and whispers in my ear, "What's up with him?"

I shake my head. My eyes drift to find him staring at me with a blank expression. Its progress from earlier but it's not the Knox that I've been falling hard for.

After a few more rounds of drinks and the effects of the alcohol kick in I'm ready to hit the dance floor.

I grab Summer and Rhea's hands and drag them down to the floor below. Timber by Pitbull and Ke$ha starts blasting from the speakers. Summer, Rhea and I hit the dance floor and our bodies start swaying to the beat and we sing at the top of lungs. Rhea grabs my hand, winks at and lips syncs to me "Let's make a night you won't remember," then she spins and grabs Summer and sings to her, "I'll be the one you won't forget."

We've been at it for a while before the boys come down. Rex, followed by Jeremy, Cade and Tanner, make their way over to us. Rex goes to Summer and Tanner goes to Rhea. Cade and Jeremy close in on me. Gas Pedal by Sage The Gemini comes on. Cade comes up behind me and places a hand on my hip. Jeremy steps in close. He plants a leg between my leg and I throw my arms around his neck. I'm sandwiched between Cade and Jeremy and we start rocking our hips. Summer catches my eyes and she mouths, 'shake what you're mama gave ya'. I shake my head and laugh. When I look at Jeremy, whose back is facing away from our spot upstairs, he gives a little nod. I glance up and see Knox taking a pull from his beer staring at me.

I wink at Jeremy, let's do this.

Jasmine probably thinks I'm bipolar with my mood swings. One minute I'm chasing after her and the next I want to toss her away like yesterday's trash. The only one who understands my mood changes is Rex. He's the only one. He'll only ever be the one that knows that I hold the only picture left of her in our house. He walked in on me looking at the beautiful picture of her on the beach with a black dress on. Her hair was blowing in the wind and she had a gorgeous smile on her face. She was glowing. I kept this picture as a reminder so I don't ever forget what she looks like.

My sanity is slipping right now, watching Jasmine on the dance floor with Cade and Jeremy. I know I don't have to worry about them going after my girl but it doesn't help.

Whoa, my girl? She can't be my girl. Knox, pull your shit together.

My boys are trying to get under my skin with the smart ass comments about her body and what they would like to do to it, prime example, watching them on the dance floor with her now. I'm sure both are having thoughts about having a three way with her. Well they can keep that shit up. It's not bothering me, not at all. They can do what they want with her. I only want one thing.

9

I reach behind me for Cade's tie and pull him around to me. His shocked expression only makes me smile wider. I put a hand on his shoulder and our h*ps start rocking. Cade places a hand on my lower back and with every sway of our h*ps it slides down further. Finally, a few moments later, just as his hand lands on my ass, I stop abruptly and Cade's eyes go wide. I turn in his arms, my eyes searching for Jeremy. He's standing off to the side with some girl who is clearly drunk since she keeps leaning into him. He gives me that 'help me out' look. I crook a finger to Jeremy and he gives me that sexy smile of his before he comes back over to me. I place a kiss on Cade's cheek. He looks at me with confusion in his eyes before I tip my head in the direction of a girl that's been eyeing him since he started dancing with me.

Jeremy places both hands low on my h*ps and leans in, "Thanks for that."

I glance over to the girl that was trying to get his attention and raise my eyebrows, she turns and storms off.

Good girl.

Do What U Want by Lady Gaga and R. Kelly comes on and Jeremy gets this 'I'm about to school you' look on his face. I'm not going to lie; I'm actually looking forward to it. I start singing the song to him, telling him he can do what he wants with my body. Jeremy circles me, looking my body up and down. I shiver under his stare. I'm not sure where these feelings for Jeremy are coming from and I have to admit they scare me a little. It's not the same kind of feeling that I have for Knox, it's more of a sexual feeling.

Am I attractive to him? Yes, you'd have to be blind to not be.

Would I pursue anything with him? No. Jeremy is Knox's best friend and I'm not that type of girl who is willing to tear up a friendship because of some emotions that got involved.

Jeremy reaches for my hands and puts them high in the air. He spins me around him and then again and again all the way around his body. I let the beat of the music take control of my body. I throw all my issues out the window and just live in the moment. As I continue to go around Jeremy I notice that the crowd has backed away from us a little bit.

For the first time all weekend I feel a sense of calm wash over me. Finally stopping in front of Jeremy again, he wraps his arms around me from behind, my back to his chest, we move as one. A thin layer of sweat glistens my body. It's getting hotter in here by the minute. I relax into Jeremy, letting him move us to the beat of the music. The music is fading away and leaving just him and me in a room together. A need is building low in my stomach and I feel like I'm going to combust. I just need to get a little closer. I try to turn and face him to see if he feels what I'm feeling too but he tightens his hold on me. Dark Horse by Katy Perry starts playing. The hold Jeremy had on me is gone but only for a second. I try to turn again but he stops me. He takes his fingers and runs them down my spine and stops right above my ass where my dress ends and then, so slowly, runs them all the way up to neck. My sweaty skin breaks out in goose bumps. His fingers come around my neck and they are a little tighter than I would have expected but it doesn't hurt so I let him go. We sway like that for another minute before I bend slightly at my h*ps and start grinding into him. He surprises me and pushes into me. I feel how hard he is and my face flames knowing I'm causing this kind of reaction in him. Then all of a sudden I realize that Jeremy didn't have a blue shirt on but someone else did. Son of a bitch! I should have known that my body wouldn't have reacted if it really was Jeremy dancing with me like this. I try taking a step away but his hand reaches for my h*ps and brings me back to him forcefully.

Knox nuzzles into my neck. His warm breath hits me and I shudder. "I'm sorry about earlier."

What does he wants me to say? Its ok, you're allowed to have crazy mood swings?

Things slow down on the dance floor, I look around for Summer but I don't see her anywhere. I try to step out of Knox's hold again but he doesn't let me go. Instead he turns me so I'm facing him. His left hand goes back to my hip while his right hand reaches for my hand and laces our fingers together.

"What's your deal Knox?"

He just looks at me intently, he's fighting something. I can see it in his eyes. After a few minutes he pulls me off the dance floor. I try to keep up but with Rhea's pumps on for hours my feet are kind of numb. He leads us down a long dark hallway. Knox reaches into his pocket and pulls out a key. He unlocks the door and pulls me in behind him. The light is still off but there is just enough light from the window on the back wall that I can make out silhouettes of things throughout the room. Knox throws his key to the side of us and they clank against a glass bowl. I take a few steps into the room, not really sure where we are or what I should be doing. Knox stalks towards me. My stomach knots and my legs start to tremor. For every step that he takes towards me I take one back, eventually I run out of room and now I'm up against a cool door.

"Jasmine," His husky voice swirls around me.

"Knox," The look on his face looks like he wants to devour me.

The next words hit me right in my stomach, "I want you."

I say the first thing that comes to mind, "You're giving me whiplash."

As soon as the words are out of my mouth Knox's eyes darken. He looks me up and down. He takes the final step and now we are flush against each other. The hairs on the back of my neck stand up. I take a deep breath through my nose, my chest rising. Then I let it out and my chest falls. Knox's heated eyes penetrate something inside me. My mouth covers his in an urgent, hungry kiss. His lips send a spiral of ecstasy through me.

He growls from deep inside and then he's all over me. His hand runs down my side, past my h*ps and stops as he reaches the back of my thigh. I pull back, needing to catch my breath while he rocks into my body. A fire has been set.

Knox's eyes are hooded and I get those butterflies in my lower stomach and I know my panties are wet. I'm weak in the knees from just kissing. As much as I've been trying to keep him at a distance for the last few months I knew something would happen between us, I just didn't realize it would be like this.

"Knox," I breathe. My heart is pounding.

He doesn't say anything but he brings his mouth back to mine but this time it's different. It's slow and tender but possessive and greedy. Knox's tongue licks the seam on my lips and I open them just a little. He takes my lower lip between his teeth and sucks gently on it. I moan and my eyes flutter closed. Knox let's my lip slip between his teeth as he reaches behind my tights and urges me up. He has me pinned up against the door by his rock hard body. He places a kiss at the base of my neck and drags his tongue to right below my ear then his teeth graze my ear lobe. I whimper as he continues to place kisses along my jaw until his lips are back on mine.

I always read about the hero and he**in in the throes of passion, about how he takes her up against the wall, and now I completely understand the feeling it gives you. The world fades away, things move fast, you're in the heat of the moment but nothing, nothing, compares to it.

I'm strung so tight I feel like I'm going explode any minute. My back leaves the cool door and I'm being carried across the room. As he sits, my knees are met with cool leather. I sigh and close my eyes tighter as his large hands start caressing my thighs. His fingers graze the hem of my dress. He starts edging it up, inch by inch. I'm breathless and my whole body is tingling. I'm so far above the clouds that I can't think or see straight.

The bass from the music floats into the room, pumping my blood harder. I need and want more. I reach for the buttons on Knox's shirt. I unbutton it as he's kissing and caressing me. Finally all the buttons are loose and I pull at his shirt. He breaks the kiss and helps me pull it the rest of the way off. I climb off his lap to slip my heels off.

"What are you doing Jas?"

I put my index finger to his lips to keep him quiet. I'm afraid if too many words are spoken this, whatever this is that we have going on, will be broken. I'm tired of fighting these feelings for him. Maybe, just maybe, if I give into it I will finally be able to stop thinking about him for five minutes.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

"Knox!" someone yells.

I twist to face Knox. He reaches for both of my hands and tugs just as the banging starts again. Groaning, Knox squeezes his eyes shut and his head fall back against the couch.

"Knox!" Bang! Bang! Bang! "Put you dick back in your pants and open the damn door!"

Knox curses under his breath and storms across the room shirtless. I sit on the couch facing away from the door and pull my dress down.

"What?" Knox bites out. "This better be f**king good."

Cade chuckles.

I swivel around and Knox's body is tense, his hands are clenching and unclenching.

"Cade," he warns.

I stand up and make my way over to the door to try and calm the situation down. I place a hand on Knox's shoulder and I feel his body relax just a little bit.

"Cade, what's the matter?"

His eyes roam the length of my body. He licks his lips and I swear I heard Knox growl. Cade must have heard it too because he throws his head back and laughs. He's drunk and egging Knox on.

"Jerkoff," Knox says under his breath as he turns and stalks back towards the couch.

"JJ," Cade licks his lips again "Come dance with me again."

I roll my eyes, "Why? So you can piss Knox off even more?" I glance over my shoulder to see if Knox heard me. He's sitting on the couch with his head held in his hands. "What happened to the blonde you were groping on the dance floor?"

Cade looks at his finger nails like he's bored, "Oh her, she can't handle this."

"Can't handle you putting it in the wrong hole is more like it." I mutter under my breath as I walk away. I'll never let him live that down.

"I heard that! Come on I want to go home." Cade yells from the doorway and then turns and leaves.

I take a seat next to Knox on the couch. He leans over, grabs my heel and slips it on my foot.

Knox looks up to me with a fiery look on his face, "Never in my life have I ever found feet sexy, but yours..." he trails off.

I take a deep breath to keep from passing out. Knowing I affect him like this makes me feel lightheaded. Knox helps me with my other heel then takes my hands and leads me out of the room. Cade has officially ruined what that was back there. Jackass! Payback is a bitch.

When we make it back up to the VIP section everyone is sitting around talking. Summer and Rhea are whispering in one corner as the guys are talking about baseball. I order another drink and take a seat with the girls.

"So," Summer starts, "Where were you?"

I look over to Knox who is smirking at me. He knows I'm going to get questioned and he's eating it up while watching me squirm.

"Oh hell," Rhea says with a defeated look on her face, "You went and fell for him didn't you?"

Summer gives me a dreamy smile. "About time!"

My eye brows burrow, "What are you talking about?" My eyes fly to Knox to see if he heard Rhea. He's looking down at his feet fighting a smile. He heard alright.

Jeremy and some bimbo with her tits hanging out take a seat right next to me. Jeremy stretches his legs out in front of him and the girl wraps herself around his body. I notice that his eyes are all glassy, feeling buzzed I'm sure.

Rhea and Summer are comparing Knox and Rex. Rex has the better eyes while Knox has a tighter ass. I'm just sitting here laughing. Summer has clearly had too much to drink. I take a sip of my drink, wishing I was feeling as good as she was, then maybe my feet wouldn't be hurting right now.

A lustful look comes over Summer's face, "I wonder if he's as big as Rex though."

I spit my drink out and start coughing.

Jeremy pipes up from next to me, "It's not the size of the boat, it's the motion of the ocean baby."

I fall back against the couch, laughing so hard I start crying. Summer falls to her knees gasping for air between her fits of laughter, and all the while Jeremy just sits there with a grin on his face.

"Oh my God, I think I just fell a little in love with you." I say between more laughing.

Rex comes over and helps Summer to her feet. Knox follows behind him and takes Summer's vacated seat then pulls me onto his lap. "What did this shithead say?"

Jeremy, with a smug look on his face, repeats himself.

I start giggling again as Knox wraps his arms around me. I rest my head on his shoulder and he speaks softly into my ear, "The size of this boat is just fine, Jasmine. You aren't going to need the motion of the ocean. I've got everything you need."

I squirm and squeeze my legs together. In the corner of my eye I see Jeremy's piece of ass slide onto his lap and start grinding against him.

Classy.

"You ready to get out of here?" Cade yells over the music.

I nod because I'm disgusted with what's taking place next to me.

We walk down the same way we came in and wait for the cabs to come for us.

Knox pulls me back against his chest, wrapping his arms around me. "You forgive me for earlier? I've got some shit going on that I'm trying to handle and I took it out on you."

I nod and give him a kiss on the cheek, accepting his apology.

Cade stands next to us with a blonde wrapped around his body, "You ready to get this party started when we get back?"

"As ready as I'll ever be." I respond back honestly.

Seeing her move on the dance floor with Jeremy made me something in me snap. I tried to stay away, I really did, but I can't f**king fight this anymore.

I made a deal with the devil. I'm going to put my past in the back of my mind and just live in the moment. Just be with Jasmine just for the rest of the weekend at least.

It's probably the worst decision I'll ever make but after that moment in my office I can't stop my feelings. Not even if I wanted to.

10

When we all arrive back at the house we stumble down to the beach where the fire pit is set up. The weather is still warm with just a bite of cool air coming off the ocean, the perfect weather for Fourth of July weekend.

Rhea and Tanner sit on a log furthest away from the fire, cuddled up together and lost in their own world. Rex and Summer walk off towards a vacated lifeguard stand and the rest of us sit on logs that are around the fire. Jeremy and Knox start the fire while I sit back and watch. The view of Knox's ass in front of me makes me crave for our time back in his office. Thank God Jeremy ditched the bitch back at the club because he could do a hell of a lot better than her.

"JJ?" Cade interrupts my thoughts.

"What's up?" I'm surprised that Cade is even talking to me. When we left the club he brought some girl home with him and they have their tongues shoved down each other's throats.

"You were totally checking out Knox's ass." He says with amusement laced in his tone.

Knox turns and looks at me. I shrug. If he's trying to embarrass me, it's not working. Knox is hot and any red blooded woman would be staring too. Jeremy shakes his head and then pours some lighter fluid on the logs in the pit. Knox lights a match and the fire explodes causing everyone to jump back a bit. Eventually the lighter fluid burns off and leaves the fire just perfect. Jeremy sits on the only empty log and takes his phone out of his pocket.

"Dude, what's up with you? This is the first time all summer you haven't brought a girl back." Cade says to Jeremy while his girl rubs his back.

Jeremy doesn't look up from his phone when he answers Cade, "Fuck off ass**le."

I snort. They are more like brothers than they are friends. Knox throws a few smaller logs in the fire before he takes a seat next to me. When his arm brushes up against mine my skin sizzles. I can't help but lean into him and when I do Knox kisses the side of my head.

"Knox is getting more action then you are this summer, Jeremy." Cade starts laughing. I look over to Jeremy and he's holding up his middle finger to Cade.

Cade pulls his phone out, taps a few times and music starts. Knox starts to chuckle again and Jeremy just shakes his head as a smile forms on his face.

I look up at Knox with a questioning look, "What'd I miss?"

"You'll see."

Pony by Ginuwine comes on as Cade stands up making his girl pout. Cade busts out the first verse while dancing around Shelly, or whatever her name is, who's trying her damndest not to laugh. The second verse starts, Jeremy drops his phone in the sand and takes over from Cade. The chorus comes up next and Cade and Jeremy sing it together while body rolling their bodies, trying to look sexy. They are so serious and I'm in hysterics, they are no Magic Mike that's for damn sure.

The third verse starts and I look between Cade and Jeremy, wondering who is up next. Knox begins; quiet at first, then louder. Wide eyed, I hold my hand over my mouth to hide my laughter. I can't believe that Knox, the serious one, starts to rap along with the other two clowns. At least Knox's voice is raspy and sexy and I'll admit it's making me kind of hot.

The spectacle in front of me draws in Rex and Tanner's attention. Come Baby Come by K7 starts and now we have our own old school rap concert. Summer flops down in Knox's vacated spot and Rhea takes Jeremy's which is on the other side of me. Knox and Rex start off, followed by Jeremy, and last up is Cade and Tanner.

The girls and I are pointing and laughing our asses off as they dance and move around us. At this point Summer can barely sit on the log because she's swaying so much; clearly the alcohol is still running through her system and the tears pouring from her eyes aren't helping either.

Rhea leans in my direction and says just loud enough for me and Summer to hear, "You wanna show these boys up?"

I look in Summer's direction and she's got biggest goofy smile on her face. She reaches over to Shelly and snatches the phone out of her hand. She is about to say something when Rhea pins her with a glare.

The three of us huddle together and go through Cade's songs. As soon as Rhea sees the song she wants she points to it. It's the one. I wink and Summer claps her hand and sways backwards on the log. She's such a lush.

Rhea stands as the song ends then walks over to Tanner and runs her hand up his chest and walks around him, looking him up and down as Whatta Man by Salt-N-Pepa bellows from Cade's phone.

All the guys start hooting and hollering. Summer, Rhea and I start out with the chorus as the guys take their seats around the fire. Rhea starts shaking her ass right in Tanner's face and sings about no one being perfect and about the future. Then Rhea straddles Tanner's lap and starts grinding into him slowly while running her hands through her hair. She throws her head back and belts out, "I think I wanna have yo baby."

Tanner's eyes are fixed and heated while Rhea is still riding him and I'm sure he didn't hear the part about the baby until Cade screams, "You can have my baby!" Tanner's head whips around and scowls in Cade's direction. Jeremy and Knox are leaning into each other, laughing.

Summer shimmies over to Rex who has his feet outstretched in front of him and his hands braced on the log next to him. Summer stands over Rex's legs so her back is to us and shoves Rex's face is her boobs. All the guys start groaning and turn their head, except Cade of course. She croons about him keeping her on cloud nine when she sits on his lap and runs her hands from his face down between their bodies. Rex's face is about fifty shades of red.

Summer and Rhea suddenly stand where they are and start with the chorus while I look over to Knox and shrug.

"You next?"

I look down to my hands, suddenly feeling nervous. "You want me to be?"

He looks my body up and down, "Hell yeah."

I smile and stand up. Rhea and Summer finish up the chorus and I look around avoiding all eyes on me. I walk around so that I'm behind Knox. I place both hands on his shoulders and bend so that my lips are near his ear. I sing, just loud enough for everyone to hear, that he gives me real loving. In reality I'm praying he will. I bite Knox's ear lobe lightly and then whisper in his ear that he knocks me out with one shot and he gives me goose bumps with every touch. I stand up straight and reach down his chest as far as I can go while singing about never being disrespectful because his mom taught him that, but unexpectedly something in Knox switches and his whole body becomes tense, throwing me through a loop. Summer and Rhea pick up the chorus to finish up the song.

"Knox?" I murmur in his ear. "What's wrong?"

He doesn't answer; just gives me a slight shake of his head.

Rex is watching the whole thing uncover but doesn't interfere. I'm at a complete loss with what happened and I start to panic. Feeling completely out of my element I decide to call it a night. I quickly grab my shoes which are next to Knox's feet and make my way back up to the house without saying a word to anyone. About halfway to the house I look back over my shoulder and see Rex and Knox in each other's face.

Just as my foot hits the first step I hear Knox call my name. "Jasmine, wait up."

Knox shoves his hands in his slacks and I wait for him to explain what happened back there. "You're going to bed?"

"Yeah, I think it's about that time." I stand there for another minute giving Knox another chance to explain but he looks back over to the group. I take the stairs two at a time, trying to get as far away from Knox as possible. When I realize he hasn't followed me it makes my heart skink a little. I get to the steps that lead up to the second floor when I hear the sliding glass door bang shut. I run up the stairs not wanting to be caught. I sense that Knox is battling something internally and he isn't sure which side he wants to claim victory.

Just as I close the bedroom door Knox opens it again.

"You don't need to come to bed too. I'm good here." I manage to say while the tears are at bay.

Knox ignores me as he goes into the bathroom and slams the door. I walk over to my suitcase and pull out a pair of short black shorts and a white tank top. I take a seat on the bed, waiting for Knox to emerge from the bathroom so that I can get changed and sleep the rest of this night away.

Fifteen minutes have gone by and he's still locked in there. The water hasn't ran, the toilet hasn't flushed, no sounds at all can be heard.

Sighing, I climb off the bed and knock gently on the door. "Knox?"

Silence.

I give it another few moments and try again.

"Knox?"

This time there is a groan.

"Knox, open the door please." I don't have a clue as to what I will find but a huge part of me needs a way to fix him. While waiting for him to open the door my mind replays our little singing skit. The only thing I can come up with is the mention of his mom.

I hear the click of the door unlocking. A few seconds go by and then he opens the door slowly. I wait for him to make the first move.

A hand reaches out and roughly pulls me to his rock hard chest. I can't exactly pin point where my relationship changed with Knox, but it has. He wraps his arms around my body and I'm cocooned in his embrace.

I feel safe, warm, protected.

Knox kisses the side of my head and whispers, "I'm sorry."

"I'm sorry too." As I say the words his body goes taut but just for a second.

He takes a deep breath and then lets it out. "You have nothing to be sorry for Jas, you didn't do anything wrong."

I squeeze Knox a little tighter. "I do." I confess. "I should have remembered."

"Remembered what?"

"About your parents."

I feel him tense again, "You know what happened to them?"

I pull back to gaze up at Knox, he has an uncertain look on his face. "No, but will you tell me about them?"

"No." He snaps at me.

Both of our arms drop from around each other. I wrap my arms around myself and wait to see if he'll say anything more. Knox paces back and forth, running his hands through his hair, I've noticed he does this a lot when he's stressed about something or pissed off.

Eventually he stops and just studies me, it's like he is begging me to just understand why this is so hard for him, but I can't. "I can't tell you about them Jas. I want to but it's something I can't do. It's something I won't do. If this is a deal breaker for us then I get it."

Deal breaker? There has to be a deal to be broken first. As far as I'm concerned we haven't spoken about one. I'm really thinking that I must space out a lot because I swear I always feel like I'm missing something. Kind of like when you daydream in class and the teacher calls on you for an answer and you don't have one. That's exactly how a feel.

"Knox, we're just two people who are attracted to each other. So what deal is there to break?"

"Has anyone ever told you that you are infuriating?" He asks with balled fists.

"Nope," I say with a sly smile and a wink. I pat him on the shoulder then leave him in the bathroom to go grab my things off the bed so I can get changed into something more comfortable.

When Knox emerges from the bathroom he has his shirt off and he's barefoot. My mouth goes dry at the sight of him, I've seen him in less before but I don't think I could ever get sick of looking at his muscular sculpted body with his tattoos. As I go past him he slaps me on the ass. "Hurry up."

I look over my shoulder, "Hurry up for what?"

"I need a back rub."

"Ha! You're joking right?"

"I'm serious." I hear him say as I shut the door.

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for riding the Knox rollercoaster.

After finally getting Jasmine to lay in bed with me I convince her to give me a back rub. I'd do anything to keep her hands on me. I freaked for a second and just needed a minute to gather myself.

I turn on my side facing Jasmine and I listen to her steady breathing after I finally persuade her to sleep in the bed with me. For a while there I didn't think she would but she eventually gave in. My fingers are itching to run up and down her bare arm but I know that I shouldn't. I flip back on my back and replay the conversation with Rex before I came running after her.

"Dude, what's your problem?" Rex says as he gets up in my face.

He's pissed. I get that he is friends with her and that she is his girlfriend's best friend, but he's my brother. That should stand for more.

"You know what my problem is so back the f**k off." I spit back and give him a slight push but he doesn't budge.

"She isn't involved in that shit Knox, and you know it. Stop trying to involve her in your scheme. She knows nothing about it." Rex retorts right back but just loud enough for me to hear.

We are at an impasse. He's right. I don't blame her for what happened but I blame her family, and my only way to make them pay for what happened is through her. Rex doesn't agree with me at all.

He takes a step back and just shakes his head.

My mind starts a battle again for the hundredth time. I'm falling for her. I know it deep down inside.

I want to fall for her, but I shouldn't.

I deserve to be happy again, and I know she can make me feel that way.

So once again, I give in and go after her.

I want her.

I need her.

I have to have her.

11

Before I even open my eyes I'm smiling. Knox's body heat and smell is intoxicating. I finally agreed to share Knox's bed last night. I'm so tired of fighting my feelings for him so I'm giving in to them. I may have made a deal with the devil himself but you live and you learn. Right?

"Why are you smiling so damn early in the morning?" Knox says in a sexy morning voice.

I open my eyes and turn my head towards his voice. "I always wake up with a smile on my face."

Knox cocks an eyebrow at me.

I reach behind me, grabbing for my pillow to hit him with, but before I can make contact with him he grabs it from me and throws it on the floor. In lightning speed he has me pinned underneath him. I momentarily freeze, he's completely caught me off guard.

"Jas..." Knox trails off.

The sound of his voice relaxes me. I reach up and run my hands through Knox's hair.

He gives me a little more of his weight as he leans down but keeps enough of it off me by propping up on his elbows on either side of my head. He's just staring at me with desire in his eyes. No words are exchanged. We stay like this for what seems like hours but it's only minutes.

Eventually I start to feel slightly uncomfortable, not because he's just watching but because there is a warm tingling feeling growing more and more intense between my legs and I need it released. I start to wiggle just a little, looking for something, anything to release the pressure that Knox is causing. As I move, Knox's eyes start to roll in the back of his head and he drops his head on my shoulder and buries his face in my neck.

I feel him take a few deep breaths and then I feel his lips on my neck. He places hot open mouthed kisses and then I feel his warm tongue licking up my neck to right below my ear. I can't help but squirm. This time when I do Knox hisses in my ear and I realize the reason my desire for him is skyrocketing.

"Jas," Knox says through his teeth.

"Hmm,"

"If you keep doing that then things are going to happen and I can't promise that I'll be able to stop, so please, for the both of us, stop f**king moving."

Well now that he put it like that maybe it's better if I concentrate on something other than the fact that the guy who is invading my dreams is lying on top of me and he's pressed up against where my body is screaming for him. I want Knox more than anything but right here and right now isn't the time or the place.

"What are you thinking?" Knox whispers against my neck.

I give him a playful smile, "Wouldn't you like to know."

He rocks his h*ps into me and it's my turn to hiss. My legs start to shake and I dig my finger nails into his back.

"Not so much fun is it?"

I glare at him and push him off me. We really need to get out of this bedroom. I grab my phone off the night stand to see what time it is. It's just after six in the morning.

"Run?" I ask as I swipe my hair onto one shoulder.

Knox nods but doesn't make any move to get out of bed. I push the covers off and dig through my bag for running shorts and a sports bra.

"You coming?"

His eyebrows shoot up, "I wish." I hear him mumble as he sits up in bed.

I roll my eyes and walk into the bathroom and take care of my morning business. I slip on my sports bra and shorts, lace up my running shoes and then brush my teeth and tie my hair up in a high ponytail. When I emerge from the bathroom Knox has got on a pair of shorts and is tying his shoes.

"Ready?" I ask as I throw last night's clothes in the pile with my other dirty laundry.

"Let me brush my teeth. I'll meet you downstairs." Knox says as he walks into the bathroom and turns on the faucet.

The house is still quiet as I make my way downstairs and into the kitchen to grab a bottle of water for Knox and I.

"Let's do this."

I hand him his water and we go out onto the back deck and start stretching. We run in silence for a while but give each other smiles from time to time. Running in the sand is such an intense workout compared to just running in the city. We go for about five miles until I can't take anymore and my legs start to burn. I walk over to an empty lifeguard stand and take a seat, trying to get a handle on my breathing.

"It's f**king hot." Knox pants out.

"Hell yeah it is."

Finally, fifteen minutes later, I've caught my breath and Knox and I decide to just walk back. Knox is telling me about how he met Cade and Jeremy and a few of their not so bright moments. None of the stories surprise me really. Those two are characters and I can't wait for them to find girls and settle down. I'd pay to see the girls that finally put them in their places.

I can see the house now, off in the distance. Knox keeps bumping into me and brushing his hand with mine. I'm not sure if he's doing it on purpose or not, because we aren't exactly on even ground, but it's driving me crazy. I wish he would just hold my hand for crying the hell out loud. A beautiful shell catches my eye, I stop and pick it up and then continue walking. Knox watches me flip the shell over in my hands and then suddenly stops walking.

He reaches for me and brings me closer to him. The waves crash in the background and seagulls squawk all around us. Knox reaches up with his hand and tilts my chin up to him, gently pressing a kiss on my lips. I wrap my arms around his neck and kiss him deeply.

"Come somewhere with me today?"

I don't hesitate to answer him. I'd follow him just about anywhere right now. "Sure."

Knox gives me another kiss and then grabs my hand, finally, and we make our way back to the house.

Cade is in the kitchen making eggs, bacon and potatoes. It smells like heaven and my stomach starts to growl. Knox laughs and then shoves me upstairs with him. He lets me take a shower first as he comes in and out of the bathroom freely.

I turn off the shower and reach for the towel I thought I left on the hook but it's not there. Shit!

"Knox?" I yell out.

"Yeah?" I heard him yell but it sounds like it's coming from somewhere out of the bedroom.

I give him a few seconds but he doesn't come so I take a chance and open the curtain a little wider so I can kind of see in the bedroom since he left the door open. No sign of Knox.

I pull open the shower curtain and step out just as Knox waltzes into the bathroom with his head is in his phone so he doesn't realize that he's about to see me naked.

I quickly reach for the towel but it's too late.

"Fuck." Knox groans.

I quickly wrap the towel around me but I don't turn towards Knox. It's so quiet in the bathroom all you hear is Knox's heavy breathing. I steel my nerves as I turn to face him and as I turn my face is inches from his chest. I glance up and Knox has this hazy, lustful, look in his eyes.

"Damn baby." He says just above a whisper.

I feel exposed, defenseless and raw. I rest my forehead against his chest.

"Let me put some clothes on please?" I beg but Knox grabs both my arms, holding me in front of him.

"Jasmine," I lift my head and open my eyes, letting him see my vulnerability. "You're so god damn breathtaking." Then he leans in and kisses my cheek, the corner of my mouth, and then finally my trembling lips.

"Cold?" he asks when he breaks the kiss.

I shake my head. My whole body starts to quiver, from the tips of my toes to the top of my head.

"Hold me." Knox says as he pulls me closer to him.

I just stand there, paralyzed. My mind is running, trying to figure out what he thinks is so breathtaking. Knox can have any girl he wants. Why does he want me?

"Do it." He coaxes.

I jump but still can't make myself move so Knox takes it upon himself and does it for me. I hold my breath and wrap my body around Knox as close as I can get.

"Why are you being so bashful about me seeing you naked?"

I rest my head on his chest, "I'm afraid."

All of Knox's muscles tighten, "Afraid of what?"

"You."

Knox curses under his breath and holds me for a few more minutes. He kisses me on my forehead. "Get dressed. I've got somewhere I want to take you."

Knox leaves me in the bathroom and I take a few seconds to collect myself before getting dressed and making myself presentable to go out with him. I have no idea where he is taking me and it's causing a slight problem. What the hell do I wear? I dig through my bag and just decide to wear my black and grey stripped maxi skirt and a white tank top, and slip on a pair of white flip flops. I dress it up with some earrings and bracelets. This will just have to do.

When I walk into the kitchen everyone is seated around the table. Mostly everyone has eaten but I see that Knox has fixed me a plate and places it in front of an empty seat.

"Jas," Summer greets me as I take a seat in the empty chair next to her.

"Morning," I say shyly. I'm still a little uncomfortable around everyone because of what happened last night. Everyone mumbles good morning like everything is fine and I slightly relax.

I don't touch my food because my stomach doesn't want to have anything to do with it but I do pour myself a glass of orange juice. As I sit back and listen to all the conversations around me, Knox reaches over and places his hand on my thigh and gives it a gentle squeeze. I smile at him, soaking in the feeling of his hand being in such an intimate place for a couple who is dating.

"What, because Knox didn't cook it you're not going to eat?" Cade asks me before shoveling a forkful of food in his mouth.

My hand starts to shake slightly as I set my glass back down on the table.

"She's probably wondering if you washed your hands before cooking." Jeremy says with a mouthful of eggs.

Everyone at the table snickers, including Cade. Knox looks over at me and then to my untouched plate and then back at me and shakes his head.

"Jas?" Summer says to me.

"Hmm?" I say, trying to keep my voice steady but Knox is making it hard since he is rubbing circles with his thumb on my leg.

"You want to go get a little sun with me today?"

I can't take it anymore. I stand and walk my plate over to the sink to rinse it off. "No I'm good. I've got somewhere I'm going in a little bit."

Summer's eyebrows lift in surprise. Knox comes over to where I am standing next to the sink and throws his arm around me.

"I'm stealing her away for a little while."

Summer pats Knox on the shoulder on her way out of the kitchen, "It's about time."

I haven't slept a single night through in five years, five very long frustrating years, until last night. After Jasmine fell asleep, I laid there for a while but my body was very aware of her and it was making it hard to sleep. Eventually I did drift off and I slept all night long, no flash backs, no sweats, no screaming, nothing but pure blissful sleep.

Playing around with Jasmine this morning in bed led to me wanting to take her right then and there, even though I know neither of us are ready for that yet. Hell, I don't even know what the f**k I'm doing with her. This wasn't part of my god damn plan, but f**k, it's like I can't help it.

While Jasmine and I were running this morning I wanted to take her somewhere to be alone with her, to get to know her better. Only one place came to mind and it's the only place I never got to take her to. I don't know if she's going to like it but I think it's a safe bet. A little on the romantic side but what girl doesn't like that every once in a while?

Once she agreed to come I began to get a little nervous. When we got back to the house I was glad to see that someone else decided to cook for all of us so I led Jasmine upstairs with me so we could shower. As tempting as it was to shower with her, I couldn't. When we were getting our shit together for the shower she started getting bashful with me. Why, I'm not quite sure but whatever it is I'm going to break through it.

"Knox!" Jasmine yells and her voice echoes from the bathroom.

"Yeah?" I was in the hallway making reservations for dinner tonight and didn't want her to know what I was doing so I stepped out of the room.

She didn't respond so I finished my call and walked back into the bathroom to see what she needed but what I saw absolutely stunned me. Jasmine standing in my bathroom completely na**d and wet is like my f**king fantasy coming true. Her chocolate hair dripping down over her tanned slender shoulder, her bright green eyes wide in surprise that I caught her in such a compromising position, her beautiful, flawless body with her tattoos makes me instantly hard.

"Fuck."

Jasmine starts to tremble as she reaches for the towel to cover up and I want to tell her to leave it but I don't. I pull her to me and have her wrap her arms around; I try to keep my h*ps away from her body so it doesn't make the situation even worse.

When I asked her why she is being so bashful and she told me it was because she was scared of me, it was like a punch to my gut. I don't even want her to be scared of me, not anymore. To hell with the plan and all that shit. There is no way in hell that I can hurt her.

12

I help Cade clean up the kitchen because Knox still needed to take a shower. He said that he had to run out to handle something but as soon as he got back we were leaving and to be ready.

"Everything ok with you and Knox?" Cade asks while he scrubs the frying pan.

"Yup." I feel a little awkward because I still don't exactly know what happened last night and I don't know if everyone else knows and they just aren't saying anything to me.

"JJ, seriously don't let last night bother you. He's still grieving." Cade stares out the kitchen window towards the ocean. "He has been for damn near five years. We all keep hoping that someone is able to bring him back from that dark hole that he can't seem to get out of."

"Has he ever tried to talk to someone about it? Like someone he's not close with that could maybe help him get over his parent's death?"

Cade drops the frying pan in the sink and it clatters against the metal, "Fuck."

I watch him grab the pan and scrub it harder than necessary. He turns the water on and mumbles something under his breath. Finally he rinses the pan and his hands. He wipes them on the dish towel I hold out for him.

Cade leans against the counter and crosses his feet. He stares down at his hands, "Do you know what happened to them?"

I lean my hip against the opposite counter and look at the window. "Only that his parents died in a car crash."

Cade lets out a loud sigh and throws the towel on the counter. "Look, if he hasn't told you the story yet there is a reason. I'm not going to go behind Knox's back and tell you but I will tell you this - be patient with him JJ. Other than a few meaningless screws he hasn't even had any kind of interest in a girl."

I nod and try to keep my emotions in check. I don't want Cade to see how this is all starting to affect me. "Well, thanks for breakfast. I'm going to head back up to my room and read while I wait for Knox."

Cade grabs me by my wrist and pulls me into a hug. "Just hang in there JJ."

"I'm gonna try." I whisper before walking upstairs.

I've been up in Knox's room reading for a while before someone comes knocking on the door. "Come in." I yell.

Rex walks in wearing his swim trunks and a towel wrapped around his shoulders. "Knox is on his way back, I just hung up with him."

"Okay, thanks for letting me know." I get up off the bed and walk over to my bag and grab my purse.

"Jas, I'm sorry about what happened last night." Rex says sincerely.

I don't answer him right away, I'm a little hurt he hadn't said anything in my defense last night. "Where's Summer?"

Rex groans, "I should have said something but I was waiting for Knox to fix it."

"It's fine Rex."

Rex storms over to me and grabs me by the shoulders and turns me to face him. "I hate that 'I'm fine' shit Jas. Summer says that bullshit and it's like girl code for you're an ass**le."

I try to hold back the laughter that is bubbling up but I can't help it. "I see that Summer is training you well."

Rex chuckles and hugs me to his chest. I wrap my arms around him. "Love ya Jas."

"Right back at you."

Rex kisses the top of my head. "I'll see you later. Summer is waiting for me downstairs."

"See ya later."

Later that afternoon, Knox and I are on our way to wherever it is he is taking me. He hasn't given me any clues, I've tried to be sneaky about the way I ask questions to see if I can get it out of him but he gives nothing away. I settle into Knox's car and reach for the radio to find something good to listen to. Finally, finding something nice and slow, I sit back and enjoy the ride.

I must have dozed off on the short ride over because Knox runs his fingers up and down my arm to wake me. "Jasmine,"

I stretch my arms above my head as far as I can go since we're still in the car. "Sorry, guess I was a little tired."

"You sure you're up for this? I can take you back and let you take a nap."

I shake my head and reach for the door handle, "No, I'm good. Let's go."

When I slip out of the car, Knox waits at the back of the car for me. We walk down the aisle of the parking lot and Knox slyly slips his pinky finger around mine. A sign comes into focus the closer we get, Brookgreen Gardens. The sign is surrounded by boldly colored flowers and just past the sign is a horse sculpture in the middle of a pond.

"So this isn't a typical place to take someone on a date but I thought you would like it." Knox swallows hard. "It's beautiful and it's something completely different from the city life that you are used to."

I smile, "Sounds nice. Lead the way Mr. Romeo."

Knox chuckles and bumps his shoulder against mine. We walk up to the ticket counter and Knox pays the entry fee for the both of us. We continue down a walkway to a gift shop. We glance around for a few minutes and then proceed outside. Knox and I spend a few hours walking around to each section to find lush landscape, stunning foliage, magnificent sculptures, and delightful water fountains and bigger than life oak tree trees. This is something you can't put into words; you just have to experience it. There is so much history here in these gardens.

As we wander around Knox snakes up behind me and covers my eyes with his hands.

"What are you doing?" I say as I stop walking, not wanting to trip.

"This is one of the reasons why I wanted to bring you here. Once we get inside I'll remove my hands but I want to see your face when I do." Knox kisses my ear. "We are going to take about another twenty or so steps and then stop. I need you to keep your eyes closed when I open the door though okay?"

"Okay." I say as I try to contain the excitement of what he's so eager to show me.

Walking while someone is covering your eyes from behind is no easy task. I feel like I tripped and stumbled the whole way. I knew I wouldn't fall because Knox would never let that happen.

"Last step, I'm going to move my hands now. No peeking."

I hold my hands up in surrender and wait further instructions from Knox.

"Take two steps and then take a step up."

I comply and when I go to step up Knox reaches for my hand and helps me so I don't trip. I hear him shuffling around me, "Stop here."

My hands begin to sweat so I wipe them on my skirt. The smell of sweet nectar and summer flowers invade my senses. It's warm, like the sun is shining down on me, and I hear a waterfall off in the distance.

"Open your eyes, Jas."

My eyes take a second to adjust to the lights but when they do I'm in awe of the beautiful scene before me. Its paradise filled with all types of tropical plants but that's not what caught my attention. It's the hundreds of butterflies fluttering around the entire place.

"Wow." I spin around. "I've never been to anything like this before in my life."

"I thought you would like it here. Every time I see the wings on your back it makes me think of this place." I glance in Knox's direction and see a smile creep across his handsome face.

I want to take the time and get to the bottom of Knox. He's so complicated to me right now. I want to know what's eating at him and what he's battling nearly every minute of every day. He has built these walls so high around his heart it's hard to get close to him. It's like everyone he knows is kept in different compartments of his heart. Some have a shorter wall to catapult over than the others.

I take a step closer to a cute little butterfly, all purple but with a hint of blue and outlined in black, it's perched on a flower near my left leg. I move as slow as possible because I don't want it to fly away but I just want to get a little closer. As I'm mid-step the butterfly starts flapping her wings and takes off. I watch as she flutters away and lands on a tree just a few feet away. She joins about fifty other butterflies that look like just her. This is an image I want to capture on my phone and save as my background. I reach into my purse to retrieve my phone but I spot Knox in the corner of my eye and see he's taking pictures already.

I smile at him. I love that he thought of taking pictures so that I could enjoy the scene more around me.

Knox shrugs his shoulder, "I couldn't help it. You should see the ones I got."

I can't wait to see all that he's taken. I follow the path a little ways down to a bench that is right in front of a cascading waterfall that flows down to a pool of water filled with lily pads. A few butterflies are perched on the pads, drinking the water. Knox takes a seat next to me after an older couple walk past.

Neither of us talks for a while. I'm captivated by the whole scene that surrounds us. Brightly colored flowers, tall trees with vines wrapped around them and all the different kinds and colors of the flowers. Some are darker, red, black, deep purple while others are lightly colored like yellow, white, orange, pink, and blue.

Knox reaches over and pushes the braid that's lying over my shoulder to my back and leans over to kiss my exposed shoulder. My eyes close and I want to wrap our time up here in a jar and carry it with me everywhere I go. Everything in this moment is perfect. I'm happy and content which hasn't happened in some time. I'm always so guarded around everyone except Summer. The reason behind my wing tattoos is because when I finally decided to get out from under Mom and Dad I wanted to find my wings and be my own person. I wanted to grow, change and find my way in life.

"Jas," Knox says so low it was barely auditable.

I open my eyes to the sound of his voice only to feel a tickle on my right shoulder. I don't move an inch because I know what it is. Out of the corner of my eye I can see a beautiful black butterfly with four spots, white and then blending into purple, on each side of the wings. The end of the wings are all jagged but the intensity of the colors draw away from them.

Knox is able to slip away as the butterfly just sits perched on my shoulder, lightly fluttering her wings. I hear the sound of Knox's camera snapping pictures as he walks around capturing different angles. I turn my head inch by inch so I can get a better look at the beauty sitting on my shoulder.

A lady who's wearing a uniform with a patch that shows that she works here comes over to my other side and wipes something cool on the top of my left hand which is resting on my thigh. When she's finishes she simply walks away. What the hell was that about?

Minutes later the butterfly sitting on my shoulder flies away and another tiny white butterfly lands on the top of my right hand in the exact spot that the employee rubbed whatever it was on my skin.

Knox takes his seat beside me again. "It's sugar water. The butterflies love it." He nods to the sign in front of the waterfall. "I read it on that." Knox adds after I give him a look of disbelief that he would know such a fact.

I lift my hand in the air and the butterfly takes off to a nearby flower. I place my hand on Knox's leg and give it a little squeeze. "Thank you for bringing me here."

He places his large hand on top of mine, "You're welcome, Beautiful. I'm glad you like it."

Knox stands and holds his hand out to me, "One more surprise, but first, are you hungry?" At the mention of food my stomach growls loudly. Knox laughs and leads me out of the butterfly house. The sun is just starting to set as we make our way to the restaurant which is on the other side of the garden.

We are seated after a short wait and we ordered wine with our meals. Knox hands me over his phone so that I can see all the shots he captured. As I tap the power button, his phone lights up and he already has a picture saved as his background. It's the one where the butterfly was perched on my shoulder and I'm looking straight ahead so you only see my profile.

"That's the best one I think." Knox says as he brings his glass of wine up to his lips.

He got a lot of really good ones. I hand him his phone back and he says he'll email them all to me. Eventually our dinner comes and we eat while exchanging stories about Summer and Rex. We stay clear of our own backgrounds. We're having such a great time and I don't want to ruin our date.

After Knox pays for our meal he leads us back out of the restaurant. When we step outside I turn to him to thank him for dinner and the amazing night but my words freeze at the sight before me.

Everything within eyes view is glowing, glimmering and twinkling. We walk around the side of the restaurant, the opposite way we came. There is an old oak tree that has lights cascading from the branches giving it a weeping willow effect. The pathways are all lit up with luminaries, there are Chinese lanterns strung from tree to tree in some areas. Every pond has floating candles and all of the water fountains are colored with lights under the water. Archways are decorated with lights and in some areas the beds of ivy have lights scattered throughout. Some trees are wrapped in white lights and some even have spotlights placed around the trunks giving the tree a glowing look.

Once I've had a few minutes to take everything in, I look back to Knox who's just standing back with an adorable smile on his face. "It's memorizing, Knox. I can't believe places like this exist."

He pulls me close to his side, "I know, you go from living in a city that never sleeps to something so peaceful and quiet. I love the city life, I do, but this is my home. Here in South Carolina, where places like this exist."

We walk around taking in all the lights. Our stroll is coming upon a huge fountain with floating candles and Knox halts me with an iron grip around my waist. He stares so intently into my eyes, and then rests his forehead against mine. "I'm trying so hard Jas, so hard."

I swallow hard, "How's that working out for you Champ?" I lick my lips, "Because I've tried and I'm getting nowhere."

Knox mutters, "Fuck it," before his rich, plump lips descend on mine.

Jasmine has no idea just how beautiful she is when she lets go of everything. I want her to be mine but how can I make that happen? She can't be mine. Once she finds out the truth about what I had planned she'll never forgive me. I set out to hurt her and her family. I'm mentally, emotionally and physically exhausted after all these years. I just want to find peace again in my life and right now, everything is pushing me to Jasmine.

13

Knox's tongue swirling in my mouth has my blood pounding in my ears, my heart is beating so hard against my chest, I swear Knox can feel it, and my knees are trembling. Reluctantly I pull my now swollen lips from Knox.

I rest my forehead against his chest, "Knox,"

He takes a deep breath, "I know. Let's get out of here ok?"

I lift my head, give him a smile and he grabs my hand. We get about halfway to the car and the clouds decide to open up on us.

I squeal, "Its freezing." The rain is cold against my heated skin. Knox hits the unlock button to his car and takes a few steps ahead of me to open the door for me. I slip in and reach over to open his door. He climbs in and runs a hand through his rain soaked hair and now it's standing up all over the place.

I laugh because he has one piece on the top of his head that reminds me of alfalfa, so I reach over to brush it down but he grabs my wrist and pulls me into his embrace. His tongue traces the soft fullness of my lips. His hands are everywhere on me. Running down my shoulder to my waist, he slowly brings them up to rest just below my bra. He waits for approval before taking the next step.

I grab the back of his head and bring him in for a hard kiss and he takes that as an answer to move his hands. He cups my right breast and gently brushes the pad of his thumb over my nipple, causing it to strain against the lace.

My breathing accelerates and that's all the courage Knox needs to make his next move. He reaches up, tucks a finger under the strap of my tank top and slips it off my shoulder. It hangs at my elbow now and Knox reaches for the cup of my bra to free my breast. He stares at it for just a second before taking it into his mouth.

I hiss as his warm tongue makes circles around the nipple. Knox bites down on my nipple, hard but not too hard, and my back arches towards him. He looks up at me with hooded, lustful, blue eyes and I see the hunger that burns in them. I shiver at the thoughts running rampant through my mind about going further with Knox.

"Jas..."

I take a deep breath to steady my erratic heartbeat.

"We should go." Knox says as he pulls up my bra.

I wink at him, "Yeah, we probably should. I'm sure no one wants a show."

"This isn't over." He states matter-of-factly. The underlying sensuality of his words captivates me and my legs start to tremble.

When we pull up to the house it's quiet and all the lights are off but the front porch.

"Looks like everyone decided to go out without us." Knox says as he shuts the car off.

I don't make an attempt to get out of the car right away.

"You ok?"

I give him a small smile, "Yeah. Perfect actually. Thank you for taking me there today."

Knox gets out of the car without answering and stalks over to my side. The rain has let up. He opens the door and bends down, and then places an arm under my arms and knees to scoop me out. He bumps the car door closed and leads us to the house. "Can you open the door?"

I reach down and turn the door knob; the door opens with a little push. Knox again bumps the door closed with his ass. I think he's going to set me down but instead he takes the stairs two at a time with me still holding on to him.

We walk into Knox's dark room; the only light coming in is from the moon shining in from the windows. He slowly lets my legs down and the back of my legs brush up against the bed.

His hungry expression makes my body vibrate with liquid fire from all the pent up sexual tension from the garden.

I reach up to cup Knox's face and place a soft kiss on his lips. I let my fingertips run from his cheeks, down his neck and start to unbutton his shirt. After I've discarded it I reach down to the defined bulge in his black cargo shorts. I got a feel of it back at the garden so I smile through the kiss knowing he's probably had a hard on the whole time.

Knox hisses and shifts to add more pressure. Things are different now than they were in his office at Club Mango. Then we were in the moment, now we are fully aware of what's about to take place.

I turn and push Knox back against the bed and reach for his belt. He grabs my hand when I finally get it unbuckled. "We don't have to do this, just let me hold you."

My eyes mist over from his thoughtfulness, he doesn't want to push anything on me.

I want this and I want it with him. I'm not going to screw him, not here, not now, but there is no reason why we can't have a little fun. I unfasten his pants and start to pull them down and he helps by lifting his hips. He springs free from his boxer briefs, thick and heavy.

I swallow and Knox chuckles at my reaction to the size of him. I slowly wrap my hand around his c**k and Knox moans. A delicious heat settles over my body. My panties are soaked, wetter than I have ever been before.

Desire rushes through me and I bite down on my lip. I'm experienced and I know what I'm doing but the fact that I'm doing this with Knox makes me nervous. What if he doesn't want anything to do with me after this? What if by doing this it makes our relationship real? Do I want that with Knox? I take a calming breath and push those thoughts aside for now; it's too late to back out.

My heart is beating so fast against my chest.

"Damn, Jas." He moans as I slide my fist down and all the way back up his shaft. "Fuck."

The corner of my lip pulls up in a smile and I stroke him again, just as slow as before but with a little more pressure. His groan sounds tortured, like he's battling himself again. I don't want to lose him or this connection we have right now.

I sink down to my knees between his strong thighs and reach up to cup his balls, caressing them gently. His legs start shaking and he puts a fist up to his mouth and bites down on it. I hold the base of him and dart my tongue out to lick the tip, swirling my tongue around his head. His c**k jumps and his legs tense. He lowers the hand that he was biting and runs it though my hair that is still braided. I circle the tip of him again before taking him fully in my mouth.

"Ah, f**k..."

Fueled by his groans of satisfaction I keep going. I'm doing this to him, me. I don't feel like he expects me to do this or even wants me to do this.

"Jas..." He moans my name and I hum against him. "Oh, shit..." Knox lifts his h*ps off the bed, setting the tempo. I hum again and take everything he gives me. His free hand grips the comforter and he squeezes his eyes shut tightly.

"Jas...ahh...I'm gonna come, baby." He moans my name again. "If you don't want me to come in your mouth you've gotta stop right now." I suck a little harder and its Knox's undoing as he yells out my name. His h*ps jerk as his release hits and I drink everything he has to the last drop.

His grip on my hair loosens and I pull back with a smug smile on my face. I climb to my feet and grab for the button down shirt that Knox had on earlier. I hear him taking a few deep breaths, trying to slow down his racing heart. I turn and strip my damp tank top off. I reach behind my back to unfasten my bra but Knox's warm hands stop me. My head falls back against his chest and I feel his still hammering heartbeat. He unhooks my bra and slowly slides it off one shoulder and then the other one before it falls to the floor.

I stand in only a black pair of lacy underwear before Knox. He rests his callused hands on either side of my h*ps and gently starts to rock us both to the beat of the music. I didn't even realize he had turned it on.

"You ok?" He asks before placing a kiss on my shoulder.

"Perfect." I reach back with my right hand and squeeze his thigh.

His hand slides from my h*ps and his fingertips dip into the front of my panties. My skin breaks out with goose bumps and I start to tremble.

"Relax." Knox says between kisses on my shoulder.

His hand slips further down. A moan of ecstasy slips from my lips, I just can't help it. The anticipation of what's to come is slowly killing me. His fingers brush the bared skin between my legs and Knox lets out a curse. Before I even realize what's happening he has me pushed up against the wall just next to the windows.

Knox kisses me until I'm completely breathless and then steps back, but only slightly so that he has enough room to slide my panties off. They fall to the floor and when I think Knox is bending over to pick them up he reaches behind my right knee and lifts it over his shoulder and he quickly grabs my other leg and does the same. My hands go around his neck as he stands with me straddling his face. I feel his hot breath against my core and my whole body trembles. Knox leans his head forward inch by tortuous inch and places a kiss on my clit. My legs immediately tense around his neck.

"Knox..." I hiss between clenched teeth. My head falls back with a thump against the wall.

He sucks on those bundles of nerves until I feel like I'm going to come apart but he doesn't let up, his tongue pierces into my opening. "Ah...fuck!" I cry out as my h*ps buck.

Knox's fingers dig into my ass as he holds me closer to his face. He licks from front to back and then back again and then sucks my cl*t into his hot mouth and I come completely undone. My back arches, my h*ps push against his mouth and I scream his name as my release tears from me. All I can see is white stars.

I'm dizzy, breathless, and utterly lifeless.

Knox just rocked my f**king world.

Jasmine is absolutely f**king perfect. Her body responded to everything I gave it with no hesitation. This girl just gave herself to me.

There is no way I can go through with the plan now that I've had a taste of her. It's impossible. I can't even believe that she's a Jennings. She is the complete opposite of what I had her pegged for. She's caring, passionate, feisty and independent. Jasmine isn't the pompous bitch I thought she was.

14

Monday morning, Fourth of July, arrives way to fast. Knox and I lie in his bed, a tangled mess of limbs. We've been awake for a little while but both of us are too content to get up and start the day, our last day here. Knox is rubbing circles on my bare shoulder. My head is resting on his chest, listening to the beat of his heart.

If you would have asked me before we left if I ever thought anything would happen between Knox and me, I would have laughed in your face. I was avoiding getting anywhere near Knox and now as I lie here I wonder why that was. Yeah, he was chasing me, probably some sick twisted game of his, but our time together here has changed all that. I no longer feel the need to keep him at a distance. I don't feel like he's going to try and control me. Knox puts me first, cares about me. I can spread my wings and learn how to fly on my own even with him by my side.

Knox, when his guard is down, is sexy, caring, sweet and down to Earth. I like this Knox a lot but the second that door opens to the rest of the world he goes back to the Knox everyone knows, the smug, guarded and head strong, complicated man. I know he has a story; it must be deep because no one talks about it. The closest I got was Rhea and Cade telling me it was Knox's story to tell and that was it.

I want to let Knox into my heart the way I've let Summer, and even Rex, but I'm not sure I can until he lets me in. Even if Knox and I only wind up being friends after this, there has to be a level of trust built between us. So for now, I'll keep a wall up around my heart until he's ready to help tear it down.

Knox's groggy voice brings me back to Earth, "What are you thinking?"

I lift my head from his chest. I run a finger around his nipple which causes him to shiver, "You, us."

Knox puts his free hand behind his head and stares intently into my eyes, my stomach churns with anxiety and fear that I may suddenly be reading him completely wrong.

I'm becoming more and more uncomfortable with the minutes that tick past. Finally Knox breaks the silence, "And what were you thinking?"

Biting my lip, I look away, "That I wish you would let me in."

Knox is quiet again. Maybe I should have just kept my mouth shut but where would that get us? Whatever is going on between us needs to be addressed. It may not be easy for either of us but one of us needs to crack and I'm hoping it's him.

"Okay."

My head jerks back in his direction, "What?" I say, clearly surprised by his answer.

"Okay. I'll let you in. It's not going to be easy for me but I'll give you what I can for now. It's all I have to offer." He looks so haunted but he's giving me a little something and I'll take what I can get.

I lie my head back down on his chest and wait for him to start. Minutes tick by and he still doesn't say anything. When his voice finally starts its thick and distant. "Rex and I had the best parents any kids could ever dream of." I notice he says 'had' right away. "They were always running Rex and me here and there for sports. Mom and Dad would sit down every night after dinner and help us with our homework. If we struggled with something they would help us work it out." Knox is silent for a few more minutes before continuing. "Dad was always busy. He owned the business but he always managed his time right for us, to make sure he was always part of our lives. When Dad had to go away on a trip and it was just us with Mom she always made those nights fun. We'd take all the blankets and pillows in the whole house and put them in the living room and she would help Rex and I make forts to sleep in. She'd take us to the movies and let us eat junk food for dinner. She was always doing something to keep our minds occupied when Dad was away.

"Sometimes Mom had to leave to go away for business too, Mom worked with Dad. She managed the layout, design and interior of the different projects that were up and coming. Mom just had that eye for that kind of stuff and it worked out well for them. When Mom would be out of town Dad stepped up and did his best to fill both set of shoes. He'd let us stay up late and watch scary movies even though Mom always yelled at him for it." Knox chuckles at the memory. "He would take us to baseball games, or take us to the batting cages to burn off some energy. It was always my parents taking care of the two of us, my grandparents on both sides passed away early on and both of my parents were only children. When Rex and I were a little older, I think I was around fourteen and Rex was around ten, my parents bought this house." I imagined a teenaged Knox with light brown hair and sun kissed skin running around the house with sandy swim trunks and his mom chasing behind him, laughing and carrying on. "We spent every summer here, away from all the chaos and everyday life from back home. Things in New York, as you know, never stop; here everything is slow paced."

Knox shifts so he's facing me. He tucks a piece of hair behind my ear. "We met Cade and Jeremy our first summer here and they kind of stuck around ever since. Mom and Dad didn't seem to mind, in fact a few summers Rhea and Tanner came to stay with us too. Mom and Dad were friends with their parents from high school. We used to get into some shit and Mom and Dad were always there to bail us out. So we spent all of our summers here up until a few years ago. This house holds so many memories it was hard being here for a while." Knox's voice breaks.

I reach out and take one of Knox's hands in mine and kiss the back of it. I'm a glutton for punishment but I have to ask, "Rhea and I were talking Saturday night when we were getting ready for the club. I noticed all the clothes that she and Tanner had here and she said they used to stay here all the time like you said, but she mentioned a girl." Knox's whole body goes rigid and he yanks his hand back. I immediately feel like an idiot and should have just taken what he gave me.

Knox rolls on his back and stares up at the ceiling with his eyes squeezed tightly together. Suddenly he's out of bed and yanking on his lounge pants. He doesn't glance my way, doesn't mutter a word. He walks over to sliding window, opens it and steps out onto the balcony. I sit in his bed, pull the sheets up to cover my na**d body, and watch him pace. He runs both hands through his hair a few times and then takes a seat in one of the chairs.

I'm so stupid for opening my damn mouth but I need to know and obviously whoever she is meant a great deal to Knox. I throw myself back against the pillow and mentally beat myself up. Time passes and Knox still sits out on the balcony, legs stretched out in front of him, resting on the railing. Mother Nature calls so I climb out of bed, pick up Knox's discarded shirt off the floor and slip it on. I button the top few buttons on the way to the bathroom. I take care of business, brush my teeth and run my fingers through my hair, trying to manage it. I wind up throwing it up in a bun of top of my head. I wash my face and then mentally prepare myself to go and face Knox.

He's still sitting exactly where he has been for the last half hour. I step outside; the warm salty air washes over me. Knox still doesn't look my way as I step closer to him and my stomach knots up. I've ruined anything we could have had.

There is a chair on the other side of Knox but he doesn't move and let me pass so I lean my back up against the glass window, my hands hung down at my sides. I close my eyes, take a deep breath and then let it out slowly. Just as I open my eyes, with my heart steeled, I see Knox make a move for my hand. His pinky grazes mine just like at the gardens. I don't move, I wait for him to take the lead.

Before I even have time to realize what is happening Knox has me straddled over his legs. He's holding me to him with such force it's slightly uncomfortable. Knox needs this and I'm going to give it to him. He has his head nuzzled into my neck and I feel him lightly kiss me.

"I'm sorry I brought it up." I whisper against his neck.

Knox cups the back of my head and tilts my head so that he has better access to my neck. He nips, sucks and kisses his way to my collar bone. His gruff voice pierces the silence, "I'm sorry too but I can't let you inside that part of me just yet." He bites down on my collar bone and it sends tingles all the way down to my core, making me forget about what we were talking about.

I decide right now if I want to try and have a relationship with Knox, I need to let this go. I know he'll tell me in time. I make the decision that I'm okay with that. Knox is giving me an out if I want it but I don't want it.

I want this with him.

I need this with him.

There is a hidden connection between us and I'm going to do everything in my power to uncover it. It's strong, powerful and scares the shit out of me.

I feel that Knox is someone who is supposed to be in my life. He makes me vulnerable, makes me want things I never knew I wanted. He makes me see things clearly and lets me be me. I'm my own person.

I'm jumping the wall that's around my heart for Knox, I'm not going to sit around and wait for him to tear it down.

I'm all in. I just hope he's there to catch me.

Jasmine ripped a painful Band-Aid off me today. I haven't spoken about my parents since that agonizing, god-awful day. I gave her a piece of me and now I have to trust that she will hold on to it and not toss it away like a piece of trash. Opening up was one of the hardest things I've done. I think I'm okay about it. Maybe this is a sign I'm dealing with the shitty hand that I was dealt.

Time will tell if I've made the right decision but for now my heart is telling me I did. My heart hasn't spoken a word to me since her and something in the pit of my stomach is making me realize things I didn't know before. I thought I was blinded by her but I now see that I wasn't because there is a spot of light coming from Jasmine.

Maybe Rex was right all along.

15

Our bubble of being imprisoned in Knox's room for the day quickly comes to an end when Jeremy comes looking for us. It starts with a text to Knox which Knox decided not to read when Jeremy's name flashed a crossed the screen. Next a phone call which Knox ignores and I start giggling at Jeremy's neediness of his best friend. Finally, Jeremy gets tired of being ignored so he comes banging on the bedroom door.

"I know you two are in there. Open the damn door." Jeremy says with a slight irritation in his voice. "You guys spent all day together yesterday. You know there are other people in this house that would like to spend some time with you guys."

Knox chuckles and lifts me off of his lap. "Be right back." He kisses me on the forehead and leaves me out on the balcony.

"What the f**k man?" Jeremy says the second Knox opens the door.

I giggle, he's really upset. I wouldn't expect something like this from someone like Jeremy. He seems to be the independent type but this is a whole other side to him.

"Dude, relax. What's going on?" Knox says in a nice calm and even voice.

"We are all going down to the beach for the day and then we are going to throw some food on the grill and wait for the fireworks to start." Knox steps out on the balcony and quickly wraps his body around mine while I stand at the railing watching families walk down to the beach.

"Holy f**k," Jeremy mutters under his breath.

My body shakes in silent laugher and Knox squeezes me a little tighter to his body. I still have on his dress shirt from the night before; the shirt ends right above my knees so I know everything is covered or Knox would have never brought Jeremy out here with us.

Knox warns Jeremy, "Eyes off ass**le."

Jeremy throws his head back and laughs. "It's nice to have you somewhat back to normal dude. We miss the old you."

Knox relaxes and sighs heavily. I tilt my head towards his in comfort, letting him know I'm here for him and I feel for him.

"I don't think I'll ever get past that shit that happened man. I'm trying but it ain't easy."

"Holy shit!" Summer yells. "What the hell have I missed?"

I turn my head in her direction and shrug my shoulder. I haven't seen or talked much with her this whole trip so there is a lot to fill her in on, but right this second isn't the time.

"Wow, this is a surprise." Rex says as he steps up behind Summer.

Knox kisses the side of my head, "I guess our time has come to an end...for now."

I shiver as his husky voice wraps around me and leaves me weak in the knees with a promise for more to come.

I take a step away from Knox as Summer reaches for my arm and drags me behind her all the way back to the room she is sharing with Rex.

She sits Indian style on the bed, "Now, what the hell was that back there?"

I pull back the covers on her bed, climb in and cover my legs up, "Where do I even start?"

"How about the beginning?" Summer says as she rolls her eyes. "And don't you dare leave a single thing out."

So for the next hour I fill Summer in on everything that has happened since we got here. She doesn't let me leave a thing out, trust me I tried to leave some of our more intimate moments out but she knows me too well and doesn't allow it. I see her emotions as I lay out each piece of this weekend and it's exactly how I've felt it. The annoyance, confusion, anxiety, happiness, surprise, desire, curiosity, and the sadness. It's been an emotional roller coaster, one crazy ride I'm not sure I can get off.

Summer sighs when I finish. "Damn girl," She runs a hand through her sunshine blonde hair. "So much for trying to keep him at an arms distance, huh?"

I shake my head, "I'm falling for him, Summer. He's so different when it's just the two of us together. I know he's got demons he's trying to get past but what if he can't? What am I going to do?"

Summer lies down on the bed and rests her head in my lap. "He'll get past it, it's going to take some time, I'm sure, but if everything you said is true it sounds like he's falling for you too." I scoop Summer's hair up into a ponytail and twist it into a knot.

"I'm scared, Summer. I've only let one other person in like this and look how that turned out." I rub at the tightness in my chest from the memory.

Summer rolls over and looks up at me, "Enough of the serious stuff, we'll deal with that shit later. Right now, I want to know about the important stuff." She wiggles her eyebrows up and down at me. "So, I'm wondering if he knows how to use his magic stick like Rex does." She tries to suppress her giggle but fails miserably.

"I assure you my magic stick works just fine, Summer." Knox answers when he walks into the room with a smug look on his face. He deserves that smug smile.

Summer, is absolutely speechless which is a very hard thing to accomplish. She has a comeback for everything. Her cheeks grow pinker with every second that ticks by.

Knox's laugh is low and throaty, "Don't get all embarrassed now. I'm sure my brother has shown you what us Mitchells can do." He winks at me and holds his hand out. "I'm stealing her for a few minutes so we can go get dressed."

I place my hand in his and climb from the bed. Smiling, I let Knox lead me back to the bedroom to change. I hear a little girl giggling somewhere in the distance. I tilt my head to the side, eye brows furrow. "Did you hear that?"

Knox nods, "Yup. That's Ava, you'll meet her in a bit."

A knot in my belly forms wondering what a little girl could be doing here. Is this the something that Knox couldn't talk to me about yet? If she is Knox's can I handle that, a little girl that looks just like him? Light brown hair that tumbles down her back and those sparkly eyes? My heart beat picks up a notch.

"What's running through that beautiful head of yours?" Knox asks as we walk into the bedroom and he shuts the door.

I fiddle with the hem of his shirt that I am still wearing. I keep my head down, "Is she yours?"

When Knox doesn't answer right away I look up and a painful expression etches his face. He lets out a heavy sigh and shakes his head, "No, she isn't mine."

I sigh in relief.

Knox raises an eyebrow at me, "Worried were you?"

Trying to play it cool, I shake my head, "Nope, just curious." I look around for my bathing suit before remembering I left it in the bathroom.

I see Knox in the corner of my eye with a half-smile playing on his face, "You were worried."

I roll my eyes, "Was not."

Standing in the bathroom I start to unbutton his shirt as Knox comes to stand behind me. "Look at me." He commands.

I look into the mirror, into his smoldering blue eyes. His sun kissed, well-defined muscled body towers behind me. Knox's gaze drops from my eyes to my shoulder where he leans forward and places a kiss. Something intense flares in his eyes when they meet mine again. My heartbeat throbs in my ears.

"Do you have any idea how beautiful you are?"

Not as beautiful as you think, my heart whispers back.

"Look at me." Knox repeats his words from earlier. "You don't see it do you?"

I chew on my lower lip and shake my head.

"Jasmine," He rest his hands on the sink on either side of me, caging me in. "I know you feel what I feel. I can see it in your eyes. No one," he licks his lips, "has stirred these emotions inside me in a long time. I'm still trying to work them out myself but I'm letting you in. It's all I have to offer right now and I know that pretty little head of yours wants to know everything but like I said earlier I'm not ready for that yet."

I drop my eyes to my hands that are still playing with the buttons on his shirt. "I'm okay with waiting for you to be ready. There are things from my past that I don't want to talk about either. Actually they're not even worth talking about but I should at least tell you what I had to deal with."

Knox kisses my neck and it causes me to shiver. "Time, we just need time." I nod my head in agreement. "While we take it one day at a time, just" He takes a deep breath and lets it out "be patient with me. I'm not always easy to deal with. Just ask those guys downstairs."

"I've got the patience of a saint."

Knox gives me an irresistibly devastating smile. "So do you need help with the rest of those buttons?"

I push back against him, "Get out of here, we need to get dressed before Jeremy comes up here begging for your attention again."

Knox turns me around and gives me one of his knee weakening kisses.

After we finish changing into our beach attire, Knox grabs my hand again and leads me downstairs. As we are walking down the stairs the little girl's voice rings through the whole ground floor. I can't help but smile. Knox looks back at me; he smiles and gives me a wink when he sees that I'm smiling and not nervous anymore.

A little girl with raven black hair that flows in curls down her back comes running down the hallway in our direction. "Uncle Knox!"

Knox lets go of my hand and crouches down as the little girl runs right into his open arms. "How's my little lady doing?"

She giggles, "I'm not little. I'm a big girl."

Knox sighs dramatically, "How could I forget. You're three now right?"

She swings her little body from side to side, "Yes."

Jeremy comes walking down the hallway with a princess cup in his hand, "More like going on thirty."

I put two and two together and discover that this little girl is Jeremy's. Seeing them together makes it undeniable. Same color hair, same bright green eyes and killer smile.

Knox turns the little girl in my direction, "Ava, this is our friend Jasmine. Jasmine this is Ava."

Ava's little mouth hangs open like she just saw the most memorizing thing. "Are you a princess like Princess Jasmine?"

The biggest smile appears on my face, she is too cute for words. "Ha! Princess my a..." Jeremy trails off and Knox and I start laughing.

"What's funny?" Ava asks with a frown on her face.

Knox kisses Ava on the cheek, "Nothing, little lady." He places her back down and she wraps herself around Jeremy's leg acting shy now.

Jeremy hands Knox Ava's princess cup so that he can reach down for her. "They were laughing at Daddy, sweetheart." He explains. Jeremy reaches for the cup again and then walks back down the hallway with us trailing behind.

I wrap my hands around Knox's forearm. "I can't believe he has a daughter."

"Hard to believe, huh?"

"It's kind of hot."

Knox stops dead in his tracks, "What did you just say?" His jaw is clenched tight as he turns and stalks towards me.

I bite my lower lip and take a step back, right up against the wall. We're chest to chest, nose to nose, and toe to toe. "What did you say?"

I don't back down, "You heard me. I said it's kind of hot."

"I'll show you hot." Knox says through gritted teeth.

As his mouth is descending upon mine someone clears their throat. Both our heads turn to the sound but no one is there until they clear their throat again. We look down and see Ava standing there with her hands on her hips. "No kissing a princess, Uncle Knox!"

I quickly look the other way so that Ava doesn't see me holding back my laughter. Knox is somehow able to hold it in and answers her, "No kissing Princess Jasmine?"

I look back down to Ava who shakes her head. Her black curls bouncing as she does.

Knox takes a step away and puts his hands up in surrender.

"Thank you for saving me, Ava." She shrugs her little shoulders and walks into the kitchen.

I follow right behind her before Knox can finish what he started.

"This isn't over."

"As long as Ava is here it is big guy."

Knox groans but doesn't say anymore. Jeremy is buttering a bagel at the kitchen counter, he shrugs when he sees me looking at him. I walk over to the fridge and grab a bottle of water. I lean up against the counter and twist the cap off. "She looks just like you."

Jeremy places the knife down on the counter and then picks up the plate and walks around me. "Thanks." He places the plate down in front of Ava, "Tanks Daddy." Jeremy kisses the top of her head.

Rex walks in with Summer on his back. "Who's kid?" Summer asks as Rex lets her down.

"Jeremy's." Rex answers.

Summer reaches in the bowl on the table and grabs an apple. "That's hot."

I look over at Knox and mouth, "Told you so."

Knox just shakes his head. I glance over to Rex to see his reaction; he's glaring at Summer who blows him a kiss.

"Where is everyone else at?" Knox asks.

"Cade never came home and Rhea and Tanner ran out to get ice for the cooler." Ava picks up a half her bagel and acts like it's a steering wheel. "Ava, you have to eat that or you can't go down to the beach." Jeremy says with authority in his voice.

"Ok Daddy." Ava takes a big bite out of her bagel.

Summer fills us in on what everyone did last night. They all went to Margaritaville and that's where they lost Cade. She explains that they tried to call him and looked around for a good hour before calling it a night and leaving him there.

"Speak of the devil." Rex starts. "Holy sh...sugar." Rex catches himself before cursing in front of Ava. "What happened to you?"

Cade takes a seat at the table next to Knox and across from Ava.

"Uncle Cade, you got a boo boo?" Ava says through a mouth full of food.

Jeremy starts laughing, "Yeah he does, Ava." Jeremy puts a hand on top of Cade's head and faces it towards him, "Damn, you got it."

"Daddy!" Ava yells, "You said a bad word."

"Sh...Crap, Daddy's sorry sweetheart." Ava takes another big bite and goes about humming to herself while she's eating.

"So what happened?" Knox asks.

Cade groans and rubs his temples. "I didn't know."

"Know what?" Summer asks.

Cade glares at Summer who glares right back, "That she had a boyfriend."

The guys all shake their heads and I scrunch my nose up in disgust. I know I haven't dated much but I can't see how girls can do one night stands. I guess it could be just me. Sex isn't something I think I can leave my emotions out of. Hell, just messing around and my emotions are involved. I know Summer has done it a time or two and even though she said it didn't bother her that she didn't hear from the guy again I secretly think it did.

"Let me guess," Rex says, "He caught you in the act?"

Cade shakes his head and groans. He lays his head down on the table, "No he found us asleep in their bed."

"You never sleep at a girl's house." Jeremy pipes in.

"No kidding. I was so drunk I passed the hell out." Jeremy cuts him off, "Sorry Ava, Uncle Cade's having a bad day." He wipes her hands and face. "Why don't you run upstairs in my room and play with your dolls for a few minutes and then as soon as Aunt Rhea and Uncle Tanner get here we will take you down to the beach." Ava jumps down from the chair and runs into the hallway. "So finish."

"I was woken up with a right hook. It took me a few minutes to figure out where I was once the pain subsided. The bitch kept saying she was sorry to her boyfriend, begging him not to leave her. I got my shit and got out of there."

I go into the freezer and look around for something for his face. I spot an ice pack. I take it and wrap it in a paper towel before I hand it to Cade.

"Thanks." Cade puts the ice pack up to his eye and then rests his head back on the table.

"When are you ever gonna settle down?" Knox asks.

"When you do?" Cade retorts back quickly. Knox shoots me a glance. I respond with a half-smile.

Jeremy's laugh starts out low before Rex joins in and now they are both full out laughing. "Looks like it might happen sooner rather than later."

I shake my head and glance over at Summer who has a Cheshire Cat smile on her face.

Finally Rhea and Tanner walk in with a bag of ice in each of their hands. Jeremy runs up to get Ava while Tanner puts the ice in the cooler on the back deck. When everything and everyone is ready we all head down to the beach.

When I heard Ava's voice, I knew that was the reason Jeremy had come looking for us. He's a great father to that little girl but he doesn't think he knows what to do with her. Jeremy had a one night stand with some girl he met at a bar. He swore black and blue that she was the one for him but the next morning she was gone, he said. Two months later, when we were all hanging down at the beach, she came looking for Jeremy. She told him she was eight weeks pregnant and it was his. It destroyed Jeremy. He didn't know whether to believe her or not. He did what any of us would have done and was there for her; he went to every doctor's appointment, every ultrasound and everything else.

When Ava was born Jeremy said he wanted a paternity test before signing her birth certificate. Weeks later Jeremy got the results, ninety-nine point nine percent Jeremy's. He signed Ava's birth certificate the next day. He went to April's house, Ava's mom, and they talked for a long time. Jeremy gave it everything he had to make it work but in the end it just didn't.

When I see Jeremy and Ava together it makes me long for that, for something I missed out on.

16

I've helped Ava build sandcastles for the last two hours. She was having problems keeping her little eyes open so I took her back to our blankets and towels where she crawled up next to me and passed out. Jeremy comes over and covers her in a towel so her precious little skin doesn't burn.

"If I move her she'll never go back to sleep." Jeremy explains why he doesn't just take her back to the house.

"I was the same way. Maria, my nanny, used to find me fast asleep in the weirdest spots. She never moved me, just covered me and let me be." My chest tightens at the thought of Maria. I miss her and feel bad that when I wrote my parents off, I wrote her off too.

"Ava is a light sleeper like her mom." Jeremy stares out over the ocean, "Me, on the other hand, I can sleep through anything."

"I can't believe you have a daughter, Jeremy." I say as I run a finger through the sand, making different shapes and watching the sand quickly fill it back in.

"I kind of can't believe it sometimes either. I love that little girl with all my heart. I wish things could have worked out with her mom and I but," Jeremy shakes his head. "It is what it is."

I want to ask what happened with them but I figure if he wants me to know he'll tell me.

Knox, Rex and Summer walk over to where we are laying out on the towels. Knox shakes his head, spraying me with water from his hair.

I shirk and then cringe when I remember Ava next to me fast asleep. "That's cold."

Knox sits next to me, "It is not. If your little side kick would have let you come in the water with us you would know that it really isn't that bad."

Jeremy chuckles, "Jealous much?"

"Shut up, Asshole." Knox quips back while glaring at his best friend.

Rhea comes up next with Tanner following right behind. They lay down on their towels next to each other, on the other side of Jeremy. We are all sitting around talking about nothing and everything. The boys crack jokes on each other and everybody laughs in all good fun. I love just sitting back and listening to all the banter between everyone. This is what it feels like to have real, true, friends. I have a small sense of jealousy because other than having Summer I really never had anyone else. It didn't bother me so much back then but now that I see what I missed out on, it really bothers me.

Suddenly, realizing Cade is missing from the group, I look around for him. Last I saw he was messing with a bunch of girls that were playing volley ball.

"He left with one of those girls he was talking to about an hour ago."

I lift my sunglasses from my face, "How did you know that was who I was looking for?"

Knox runs a finger along the side of my thigh and in its wake he leaves a trail of goose bumps.

He smirks, knowing what he's doing to me. "I just knew."

And that shuts me up. He just knows. I position my sunglasses back on my face and lie back on my blanket. Knox reaches over and grabs for my pinky with his. After a few minutes I drift off to sleep.

"Princess Jasmine," Ava yells at me.

I lie there with my eyes opened, knowing she can't see them through my sunglasses.

"She's sleeping little lady." Knox says from the other side of me. "She's pretty while she's sleeping isn't she?"

Ava giggles, "She's butiful like a pretty, pretty, princess."

I can't stop the smile that breaks out on my face. "You're the prettiest princess there is." I reach up and tuck a piece of hair behind her ear. Little Ava's scrunches up her little nose and smiles back at me.

My stomach growls so loud it causes Ava and Knox to laugh. "Well I guess we know who's hungry."

"I hungry too, Uncle Knox." Ava bats her little eyelashes at him.

Knox goes to stand up and holds a hand out to me and Ava. "Well I guess we better go see what Daddy is cooking for our princesses."

I'm in awe of this man standing in front of me right now. Knox will be such a good dad when the time comes for him. He treats little Ava as if she was his and not many men around our age would do that. Yeah, they would pay attention to her and protect her, but Knox goes above and beyond that. He plays right along with whatever she wants. She has him wrapped around her pretty little finger.

Ava takes off running in her little flip flops, kicking sand up behind her while Knox chases after her. She's screaming and laughing, having a great time. I noticed that everyone had left and the only stuff that is here are the towels and blankets that we were lying on. I shake the sand from them; slip my flip flops on and go back up to the house to find something to eat.

The closer I get to the house I smell the yummy aromas coming from the grill. Jeremy is standing at the grill in only a pair of black basketball shorts and I notice that his hair is wet. "Knox is actually letting you cook on the grill?" I tease as I step up onto the deck.

Jeremy closes the lid and smirks, "Well someone has to feed the princesses."

"Daddy!" Ava yells.

"Yeah?" Jeremy answers right away.

"I'm itchy."

Jeremy shakes his head and sets off towards his daughter. "Alright let's go get you in the bath to get all the sand off. Then I'll get you something to eat ok?"

Ava holds her hand out to Jeremy, "Ok Daddy."

Tanner is sitting up on the counter in the kitchen, freshly showered too. "Tan, can you watch the grill. I gotta give her a bath real quick."

Tanner nods, "Yeah I got it man."

I follow behind, in need of a shower myself. Jeremy picks up Ava and throws her tiny little body up in the air and she giggles. "Again Daddy." And so he does it again until they get to the stairs.

"Princess Jasmine, where you going?" Ava asks me when she notices I'm following behind them.

"I'm going to go take a shower. The sand makes me itchy too." I explain to her.

Jeremy carries Ava up the stairs then sets her down and they walk towards the bathroom but Ava tugs on Jeremy's hand. He squats down next to her and she whispers in his ear. He looks back to me and then to Ava.

"You'll have to ask her." He whispers loud enough so that I can hear and try to figure out what's going on.

Ava shakes her head and then wraps her little arms around her daddy's neck and I just want to melt into a puddle. This little girl has stolen my heart and I've only known her for a few hours. No wonder Knox is the way he is with her. She's such a little sweetheart.

I close the distance between us and I kneel down so I'm eye level with them. "Ava, what do you want to ask me?"

I see her arms tighten around Jeremy's neck and he rubs his large hand up and down her back. He turns his head and whispers in her ear, "Do you want me to ask her for you?"

She nods her head.

"Ava wants to know if you'll give her a bubble bath." Jeremy gives me a half smile. These are the times I'm sure he is wishing that her mom was still in the picture.

I place a hand on Jeremy's shoulder and squeeze a little. "Of course I will. Does Princess Ava have everything a princess needs in the bathroom?"

Ava lifts her head and looks to Jeremy.

"Yeah, I'll show you where everything is and grab some clothes for her." Jeremy stands back up and mouths, 'Thank you.' to me. I stand up and catch a glimpse of Knox's swim trunks in the doorway to his bedroom. He doesn't make himself known, so I just let him be.

Jeremy starts the bath water and Ava helps him with the bubbles and then she begs her daddy for pink water. I'm confused for a second until I see him reach back into the cabinet under the sink and he gives his daughter two little pink tablets. She throws them in the water and within seconds her water turns pink.

Jeremy kisses the top of Ava's head and leaves the bathroom.

I play with Ava while she takes her bath; she stays in there until her little fingers are all wrinkly. We wash her hair and her body and she giggles when I wash her pretty little pink toes. I turn to reach for the towel that is sitting on the sink and I see Knox watching me from the doorway. He doesn't say anything at all but gives me a sad smile and walks away. What was that look for? Did I do something that upset him and not realize it? Is he mad I didn't come right up to the bedroom and steal a few minutes of alone time with him? I shake it off for now and grab the towel. I get Ava all dried off, dressed in a little red, white and blue sundress. I brush her dark hair out and decide to side braid her hair.

Ava turns in the mirror to see herself, "That's butiful."

"A beautiful braid for a beautiful little girl," I pick her up from the sink and set her down; she reaches for my hand and we walk out of the bathroom together. On our way downstairs Ava tugs on my hand. "Where's Uncle Knox?"

"I don't know." I answer honestly.

Rhea is heading upstairs and stops to greet Ava, "Hey Girly. I like your braid." Rhea reaches forward and gives it a little tug.

Ava reaches up and pats her hair, "Tanks, Princess Jasmine did it."

"Hey, can you bring her down to Jeremy? I need to jump in the shower real quick before dinner." I ask Rhea.

"Sure." Rhea turns, careful since she's on the steps, and squats down, "Climb on, Girly."

Ava giggles and throws her arms around Rhea's neck and her legs wrap around her body, holding on.

I take the steps two at a time, hoping I can catch Knox in his room so I can find out what's going on with him. I swing open the door and there he is lying across his bed on his stomach. He's only wearing a pair of black cargo shorts and a grey wife beater, the muscles of his arms and shoulders on full display.

Knox either hasn't heard me come in or he is looking intently at something on the bed. I tip toe over to him and crawl my still sandy body onto the bed. Knox jumps when my fingertips brush against his leg. He quickly leaps up from the bed and walks over to his dresser and slides whatever it is he was looking at in it. Knox scrubs his face with his hands.

"Everything okay?" I ask in a soft smooth voice when I really just want to jump up and find out what has his mind in another place.

"Yeah," He climbs back on the bed and rolls on his back with his arms behind his head. "Ava all cleaned up?"

I lie my head on his chest and run my fingers between each abs muscle, when I get down close to the button on his shorts his stomach constricts and defines his muscles even more. "Yeah, I had Rhea bring her down to Jeremy." I lift my head and gaze into smoldering blue eyes. "Talk to me Knox. Tell me what's going on with you."

I feel his breath hitch for a second before letting out a loud sigh, "You don't miss anything do you?"

I nudge him with my shoulder, "Not really." I lie my head back down on his chest, afraid that he's about to reject me. "What were you looking at when I walked in?"

Knox freezes.

When he doesn't answer me, I slowly shift my head up so that I can just barely see him through my eyelashes. He has his eyes tightly squeezed shut and it looks like he's in physical pain. I try to sit up, clearly he isn't going to be answering me, but he wraps his fingers around my wrist.

"Don't go." Knox says with a shaky voice.

I pull my wrist away, clutch it to my chest and rub it with my other hand. He didn't hurt me physically but emotionally he had. I know when something is bothering him. I just wish he would admit it when I ask. If he's not ready to talk about it right now that's fine but at least admit something is wrong.

"I'm just going to take a bath." I whisper back softly.

I close the door to the bathroom but don't shut it completely, hoping to give Knox a sign that I want him to come to me when he's ready. I adjust the water to the perfect temperature and allow it to fill the tub while I strip off my sandy bikini and I pull the hair tie from my hair. Once the tub is filled a little way I dip my toes in, testing to make sure that the water is comfortable. I slip in and sigh in relief as the warm water washes over my slightly sun kissed skin. I rest my back and head against the tub and let my eyes close and just relax.

The door creaks open but I don't open my eyes because I know who it is. I just lay there and wait for Knox to make a move. I hear rustling of clothes and then I feel a hand on my shoulder, I open my eyes to a na**d and sexy Knox standing before me.

"Sit up."

I move up so that he can slip in behind me, when he's settled he pulls me back against his chest and kisses the top of my head. Knox reaches for my hands and interlocks our fingers, resting them on my stomach.

"I was looking at a picture from my past." Knox starts to say but I interrupt.

"Knox..."

"Shh, let me finish. That picture is the only one I have." Knox sighs loudly. "There will never be another picture like that one. It hurts to look at it." He groans and I hear the thump of his head hitting the tub. "I miss her Jasmine." He says so low I barely heard him.

I rub my thumbs on the backs of his hands, "I'm sorry."

"Me too."

Knox and I are both lost in thought until I get a chill from the cooled water.

"Let's get you washed up so we can grab something to eat before it's all gone." Knox says as he lets go of my hands and reaches for shampoo. I reach for it but he doesn't let me have it. He opens the lid and pours some on his hand; I lean my head back so that he can wash my hair. When he's done he piles it on top of my head and reaches for the bar of soap. The smell of Dove soap always brings back the good memories of being younger and not having a care in the world. Dove was always Marie's favorite soap. Knox starts at my shoulders and then moves down my arms to my hands. He dips the soap in the water and then scrubs gently at my chest, rubbing the soap in circles around each breast and my ni**les pucker. Knox chuckles and I shiver. He washes my stomach and then slips the soap between my legs, he rubs up and down a few times before the soap slips from his fingers and he hits the sensitive bundle of nerves between my legs. He cups me, adding a little pressure to alleviate the ache, and then when I think he's going to reach for the soap he slips a finger inside me.

"Knox," I moan and try to keep my legs open for him.

"Hmm," He kisses my earlobe and then gently bites it as he slips another finger inside me.

He starts pumping, long and slow at first and then as I start to wiggle around he pumps faster until my h*ps arch and I moan his name loudly.

"Jesus." I pant as I comeback down for the bliss.

Knox chuckles and removes his fingers. "Feel better now?"

I nod, too exhausted to even talk from the amazing orgasm he just gave me. Now that I've settled a bit I feel his throbbing c**k against my back. I try to turn so that I can face him and help him with his problem but Knox reaches down between my legs again but grabs the soap this time and finishes washing my legs. When he's decided that I'm clean he places the soap back in the holder and gently pushes me down so my head is in his lap so that he can wash the soap out of my hair. Once all the soap is washed out, we stand and turn the shower on to rinse our bodies and my hair of all the left over suds.

Knox rinses me first; when I'm clean I finally turn to face him. His eyes are darker than I've ever seen, almost a midnight blue. I reach up and cup the side of his face and take a step closer to him. I place a kiss to his kissable lips and let my hand trail from his cheek, down to neck, his chest. When I reach his stomach I slow just a little but continue down.

Knox rests his forehead against mine, eyes opened and staring intently at me. I feel like he wants to say something but he's holding back.

I follow the valley of his V and down over his hard length. Knox hisses and his eyes squeeze shut. A sly grin slides on my face. Payback's a bitch. Grabbing a hold of him, I let the water help me slide my hand down his shaft. Knox's h*ps jerk forward, wanting, needing more.

"Jasmine," he moans.

It doesn't take Knox long to find his release. My strokes are tight and slow, I get to the head and loosen my grip just a little and as I go back down I tighten my grip harder. He pants, legs rigid and he's sucking hard on my shoulder. I'm sure there is going to be a mark there but I don't really care. I pick up my speed and a few minutes later Knox wraps his hand around mine as he releases himself on my stomach and it's just as quickly washed away by the water.

"Damn, you're gonna kill me." He pants out.

Right back at you!

I almost told Jasmine about her. Almost. I wanted to but I couldn't.

After watching Jasmine and Ava all day on the beach and then her giving Ava a bath had me missing her. The crazy thoughts crept in and thought that maybe one day I could have this with Jasmine then I quickly pushed that far out of my head. I must have got too much sun. I can't ever go there again.

17

When Knox and I come down we grab a bite to eat and join everyone on the back deck. The sun is starting to set and I want to make sure I catch this one since I missed the others.

I grab Knox's hand, "Want to go watch the sunset with me?"

Knox places a kiss on my lips, "Yeah."

We get up and throw away our trash. We have to sneak past Ava so that she doesn't follow us.

Knox wraps his arm around my shoulder and I wrap mine around his back. We climb up on the lifeguard stand and I snuggle into Knox's side.

I'm really going to miss this when we go back home.

"So where did you grow up?" Knox asks after a long few minutes.

I watch as a seagull swoops down to a piece of trash out of the garbage can. I guess it's time to share a little of my past with Knox.

"In a little town in South Jersey with my parents," I huff, "I don't get along with my parents, at all. My mom's a drunk and my dad's an ass**le."

"Sounds like the perfect family." Knox chuckles.

"Oh yeah, real winners," I say sarcastically. "Whatever my parents said went. There was no disagreeing with them. I had no life until college, Knox. As soon as I graduated and got my trust fund from my grandfather I was out of there. I couldn't live like that anymore. Everyone I ever met was fake and I hated it. The only true friend I've ever had was Summer."

"Sorry you went through all that."

I shrug my shoulder, "It doesn't matter anymore. I'm done with them."

Knox's hold on me tightens. He kisses my head again just as the sun touches the ocean. It's so beautiful. The sun has a yellow glow around it that fades into orange. The sky is clear and turning dark as night falls upon us.

When we go back up to the deck to join everyone else Ava latches onto me again. She's playing with my hair and Knox is handing her the brush when she asks for it. Jeremy is leaning back against the railing, sipping on his beer and watching us. I smile at him and he winks back at me.

"Uncle Knox?" Ava's little voice whines.

"Huh?"

Ava sighs dramatically, "The brush."

Knox chuckles. "Sorry little lady."

Ava runs the brush through my hair and a firework goes off in the distance and it causes her to jump.

"Jeez." She says

I start laughing, I can't help it. She really is three going on thirty. Ava jumps down off the bench and runs to her dad. Jeremy picks her up and places her on his shoulders. She runs her hands in his hair while waiting for more fireworks to go off.

Knox slides up behind me and wraps his arms around me. I turn my head and steal a kiss. "Thanks for inviting me here this weekend. I had a great time."

Knox nuzzles his face into my neck, "You're welcome. We'll come back in a few weeks for Labor Day."

I nod and watch as another firework lights up the sky. Everyone joins us on the deck, including Cade. This is the perfect ending to a perfect weekend.

Later that night Knox takes me to bed. He helps me rid myself of clothes and I do the same to him. We climb into his bed and lie facing each other. Knox pulls me closer to him and puts my arms around his neck. I cradle him to my chest, content in this moment.

"I'm falling hard, Jas." Knox says with so much emotion in his voice it makes me want to be a girly girl and cry.

My heartbeat picks up. I run my hand through his hair, comforting him. "Me too."

"I'm still trying to find my way out of this nightmare I've been living in." Knox sighs deeply.

"I'm still trying to find my way in life." I place a finger under Knox's chin and tilt his head up. What I see in his eyes is like a mirror of my own. "We're both lost. We're trying to find our way and we're working on finding us."

Knox's breath hitches before he crashes his mouth to mine. "We're finding us."

I bite down on my bottom lip and Knox reaches up and releases it with his thumb before he kisses it. Something in this moment changes between us. We both admitted that we are finding us, finding our way to be with each other. This road is going to be bumpy as hell but it will be worth all the damage once we get to the other side. I hope.

Knox and I don't speak the rest of the night, we don't need to. We hold each other. Kiss each other like this is going to be the last time. Worship each other's bodies without ha**ng s*x like we are committing it to memory. We watch the sun rise over the ocean and with it brings closure to the night before and a brand new day.

Summer, Rex, Knox and I pack up all our stuff and load up his Range Rover. Ava hasn't left my side once since I came downstairs this morning. She's asked me a hundred times if I have to go and each time it makes me want to break down and cry. Jeremy tries to take her out but she kicked and screamed the whole time. I told him it was fine and I would talk to Ava.

"Ava, what's the matter?" I ask when I find her crying upstairs in Jeremy's room.

"I want to go with you." She cries.

I walk over to her, pick her up and sit down on Jeremy's bed. "I'll be back in a little while. I've got to go home for a little bit but I'll be back."

She throws her arms around my neck, "No!"

"I'll make you a deal. If you're a good girl for daddy I'll see if he can bring you to come visit me." I smooth her hair down with my hand. She is still sniffling but eventually stops.

"Ok." She says when she lifts her head from my shoulder.

I kiss her forehead and give her one big squeeze before setting her down. "Remember, you have to be a big girl for daddy and he'll take you to see me in the big city."

"I'm a big girl." Ava says as she walks out of the room. I love how little kids can bounce back from such an emotional breakdown.

I follow her downstairs and say goodbye to Rhea, Tanner, Cade and Jeremy. Everyone whispers a thank you for bringing their best friend back to them. I'm almost in tears by the time I get to Jeremy.

"Thank you for everything, for Ava and Knox." Jeremy says as he has me wrapped in his arms.

"You're welcome. Make sure you and Ava come to visit me. I'm going to miss the hell out of you two." I say as the dam breaks down.

Jeremy thumbs away my tears and kisses my forehead. "We will."

I nod and give him one last hug goodbye. Ava stands next to her dad; I kneel down so I can be face to face with her. "Why you crying?" she asks.

I smile through the tears, "I'm gonna miss you."

Ava flings her arms around my neck and I hold her for a minute. She lets go and I kiss her cheek, "I'll see you soon."

Knox is there waiting for me. I manage a half smile and wipe the tears from my face.

"Ready to head home?" Knox says as he throws an arm around my shoulder.

"As ready as I'll ever be."

I never thought saying goodbye to people I just met a few days ago would be so hard. They became like family to me overnight.

On our way back to New York I feel like everything is falling apart rather than coming together. I feel like I left a part of my heart back in South Carolina. There is nothing tying me to New York, why did I pick New York to live in? I feel so out of place, so lost, right now.

When we left the house Knox had to be touching me somehow. Now, I feel him slipping away the closer to home we get. He's no longer holding my hand; he's holding my pinky but just barely. I keep sneaking glances at him but he's been staring straight ahead the whole time.

When we arrive back in New York, Knox drops Rex off first at his apartment and then takes Summer and I home since he lives in the next building. He helps us get our things from the trunk, when everything is out Summer wheels her suitcase inside and gives Knox and I a minute alone.

Knox wraps his arm around me and kisses me on top of my head, "I'll see you later."

I nod, not able to talk. I'm barely hanging on.

Knox kisses the top of my head again and walks back towards his car. He rounds the front and I call out, "Knox?"

He stops and looks my way. "I..." my voice fades out. I've fallen hopelessly in love with him. We stand there both staring at each other with the city screaming all around us.

I turn to walk away and Knox calls after me, "Me too."

I'm not sure if he knows that I wanted to tell him that I love him but I don't care. I smile and run into his opened arms. I kiss him with everything I am and he takes it. When the kiss ends he tucks a piece of hair behind my ear, "I'll see you later."

I place one more kiss on his lips, "I'll see you later."

I prance back over to my suitcase feeling like I'm on cloud nine, knowing that Knox feels the same way as I do even if we didn't say the words out loud.

Watching Jasmine say goodbye to the only family I have left was pretty f**king hard, especially with Ava. Those two clicked from the second they laid eyes on each other. If Jasmine didn't fit in with us that would be the end of it for her and me. I would put my feelings aside for my family, no questions asked. Damn, it would hurt, but they're all I have left.

Now I just need to figure out a way to break to her what I already know. It's going to crush her but she needs to know and I have to man up and tell her that she was part of my revenge.

18

I didn't see Knox for a few days after we got home. He said he had a lot of work to catch up on since he totally ignored everything while he spent the weekend away. I was a little disappointed but I understood. I'm sure that really set him behind. I didn't want to be clingy so I stepped back a little and waited for him to reach out to me. Every morning when I woke up I had a good morning text from Knox and it was a perfect start to my day.

Once things return to normal Knox and I fall into an easy pattern. We run together just about every day. Wednesday and Friday are our date nights since I don't have dance classes on those days. He took me to all my favorite places before he started taking me to his.

At least once a week Knox would shower me with some kind of little gift or do something sweet. He's delivered flowers to me a few times, each time they are different. He'd swing by the coffee shop just to give me a kiss. But my favorite thing is when he leaves me little notes that I find after he's left me.

I've learned that Knox hates fish and chocolate. Once he'd confessed that I told him he needed his head examined. I learned that Knox really didn't want to take over his family business. He wanted Rex to do it so that he could pursue a law degree. We've talked about his parents a few times and how much he misses them but with time it's getting easier.

Wednesday, I told Knox that I wanted to cook him dinner and he could grab a movie for us to watch. Of course I didn't have to worry about Summer being around since she was almost always at Rex's apartment now. I have a sneaky suspicion that they would be moving in together soon.

I decide to cook something light and easy. I'm sauteing chicken, broccoli and roasted peppers in olive oil while the angel hair pasta cooked. I'm feeling a little nervous since this is the first time I'm cooking for him.

Henry rings me to let me know that Knox is on his way up. I turn the heat down on the stove so nothing burns and wash my hands quickly so I can greet Knox at the door. I wait for him to knock, not wanting to be too anxious.

Knox raps on the door and I take a deep breath before opening the door. This sexy man carries himself with such confidence. Knox is wearing a three piece dark grey suit with a stark blue shirt that matches his eyes. My stomach does a little flip and my panties grow damp. All I can think about is stripping him out of his clothes and running my hands all over his impeccable body.

Knox smirks at me ogling him. "Are you going to invite me in or are we going to stand out here all night? Either way I don't care." He places his strong hands on my h*ps and pulls me to him. I melt into his body and feel instantly better.

I grab his lapels with both hands and pull him down closer to me. "I missed you."

Knox places the gentlest kiss on my lips that I've ever had, he does it a few more times before taking my bottom lip between his lips and sucking gently. My body is aching for his touch, for more contact at this point.

When he lets go of my lip I sigh and rest my forehead against his. Knox smiles and wraps his arms tighter around me before picking me up and carrying me back into my apartment. He has only been here a handful of times so I'm surprised he moves around my apartment with such ease.

Knox inhales deeply, "You're cooking?"

I'm in such a cloud I almost forgot. "Yeah."

Knox sets me down and I go to check on the pasta. I turn the chicken off and drain the pasta since both are ready. I look over my shoulder to see where Knox has gone off too and see that he's leaning against the counter, just watching my every move.

"Make yourself useful and grab two bowls from that cabinet over there." I say with a wink and an extra sway in my h*ps when I walk past him. Knox groans but does as I ask.

When I turn to go grab forks and drinks for us Knox is standing right behind me and my body goes flush with his.

Knox leans into me with his mouth right next to my ear, "You're gonna pay for that."

I wish we could just skip dinner and the movie and just head right to the bedroom. Knox laughs and reaches around me to place the bowls on the table. My shoulders slump, payback really is a bitch.

I've decided that tonight is the night that I want to take the next step with Knox. I feel like we're both on the same page and we're both ready for it. It's almost happened a few times but somehow we've managed to stop.

After dinner Knox and I cuddle up on the couch and forgo the movie and just flip through the channels looking for something to watch. I don't think either one of us are really paying attention to the TV at all anyway. My body is taut with anticipation, I want him, and I need him.

Knox rubs my bare shoulder and I shiver. "Cold?" he asks, clearly amused with himself.

I roll my eyes and don't answer.

"Come over here." Knox says, guiding my body to straddle him.

Knox stares intently into my eyes before slowly and seductively letting his gaze go downward. My heart jolts and my pulse pounds in my ears.

"You're so f**king beautiful." Knox reaches up and cups my face between his hands. He kisses me, slowly at first and then with more urgency. His mouth devours mine; his tongue makes love with mine. He let out a groan when I suck on his tongue. Knox stands up, I wrap my arms and legs around him as he moves us to my bedroom.

Suddenly I'm really nervous and I feel like I'm going to lose my dinner. I want to take this next step with Knox but I'm so anxious. We haven't talked about our past relationships so he doesn't know that I've only slept with one other person and I don't really have any experience. This past weekend when we were fooling around, everything was great as long as I left my nerves out of it. I just need to remember to do that now. I'm ready for this chapter with Knox.

Knox gently sits me down on my bed and takes a step back. He starts to unbutton his shirt but I stand up and brush his hands away. I take my time unbuttoning each button, prolonging our time together. When I'm finished I run my hands up his chest to his shoulders and push the sleeves down his muscular arms. Knox doesn't move to help me; he's letting me do this, letting me run the show. Once his shirt is discarded to the floor I rake my nails down Knox's chest to his stomach and watch as his muscles jump under my touch. I unfasten his pants and slowly pull the zipper down over his erection. I don't release him right away. I bend down and trace his erection with a finger and then grab him in my hand. Knox's head falls back and he groans. I rub him up and down and feel his legs begin to shake.

"Jasmine," Knox strains to say my name.

I lean forward and kiss just above his belly button while dipping my fingers into the waistband of his boxer briefs and slowly pull his pants down. Knox steps out of his pants and then helps me up.

I start to reach for the hem of my tank top, more than ready to get na**d with Knox, but he stops me and takes it off himself. Things feel different this time, more intimate than our time in South Carolina. Knox reaches slowly behind me and unclasps my bra with a flick of his fingers and leans back so that it falls down to the floor while never taking his eyes away from mine. He places a kiss on my lips before making his way down to my neck to the valley between my bare br**sts, and down my stomach. Knox circles his tongue over each hip piercing before placing one final kiss right under my belly button. I'm panting and barely able to stand by the time he's done. He unbuttons my pants and then slides the zipper down. I wiggle out of my skinny jeans and I take a seat on the bed so that he can pull them all the way off. I lift my h*ps so that Knox can remove my panties but he presses them back down to the bed. I wasn't expecting that, maybe we aren't on the same page tonight.

Knox lifts my right leg and kisses my ankle. I lean up on my elbows so that I can watch what he's going to do. His eyes are dark and filled with desire. He stares into my eyes as he runs his tongue all the way up to my knee before he kisses right behind my knee, then he finishes his tongue assault by running it up the inside of my thigh. My legs shake so badly that I want to press them together to relieve the ache that is rapidly growing, but his large frame between my legs is making that hard to do.

I run one of my hands through his hair when he kisses me over my panties, right where I want him the most. I wish now that I hadn't worn any. I'm moaning and squirming trying to get what I need.

Knox moves my panties to the side and sucks my cl*t into his mouth and my h*ps arch off the bed. He pushes my h*ps down and runs his hand up to massage my left breast.

"Knox...please...oh God...." I don't even know what I'm begging for at this point. I feel like I'm floating away.

"I'm not stopping baby..." He sucks hard on my clit. "Not until you've come." Knox inserts a single finger into me and pumps a few times.

There is a slow warming feeling that creeps into my body right before the whole world starts spinning and I'm drifted away. My heart is beating wildly as I come back down.

Knox is lying next to me with a smirk, he's satisfied with himself. I reach up and wrap my arms around his neck, bringing him closer to me so that I can kiss him. I can taste myself on his lips and our kiss starts to get carried away; we grope at each other trying to get closer. Knox hovers over my body and he's staring so intently into my eyes that I can see the love pouring out of them and I feel the exact same way. I'm so sure that I want this right here, right now with him. His arms begin to shake as I run my fingers down his back and grab his ass.

Knox takes a deep breath as he slides against my wetness, "Are you sure about this?"

I nod, unable to talk because he says it with such gentleness I feel the tears pool in my eyes.

Knox reaches over to his discarded pants and grabs his wallet. He throws the pants back on the floor before digging in his wallet for a condom, when he finds it he throws the wallet to the floor as well. He rips the condom open with his teeth and slides it over his erection that is larger then I remember.

Knox positions himself at my entrance and slowly starts to push in. I squeeze my eyes shut from the slight tightness as he fills me.

"Fuck Jas," Knox grits out. "You're so f**king tight." He breathes deeply and begins to rock into me.

We are flesh to flesh, both moaning our desires as we learn what each other likes. Knox intimately roams a hand over my breast and pinches my nipple.

"Ahh...Knox." I pant as he does it again.

Knox pulls out slowly and then rams back into me hard, making me I scream out in pleasure. He does this a few more times before pulling out of me and flipping me over. He grabs my h*ps and pulls them towards him and seats himself inside me again. Knox is pounding into me and I'm so close to coming that my vision blurs.

"Knox, I'm...ahh...I'm about to come." I groan.

He reaches forward and cups both of my br**sts in his hands and pulls me so that my back is flush against his chest. His h*ps still thrust as a hand roams down and he massages my clit. I try to bend over, the sensation is too much.

Knox's thrusts start to slow down. "Come baby."

He pinches my cl*t and I shatter into a million pieces. The last thing I hear is Knox yelling out my name as he finds his own release.

Knox slowly pulls out and I immediately miss him being inside me. He hops off the bed and discards the condom before crawling back in bed and snuggling up against my back.

This perfect handsome man brushes my hair away from my face and kisses my cheek. "Let's get some sleep, baby."

I close my eyes and burrow into his body as close as I can get before the darkness washes over me.

When I wake up sometime in the middle of the night I know Knox is gone before I even open my eyes. I reach out over to his side of the bed and it's cool to the touch. I listen to hear if there are any sounds from inside the apartment. Nothing, it's completely silent.

I climb out of the bed and go to my dresser to slip a t-shirt on and pad my way to the bathroom. When I'm finished I walk into the kitchen to grab a bottle of water and see that there is a note on the counter.

Jas,

Sorry I split without saying goodbye but you looked too peaceful to wake up. I'll call you later.

Knox

I have an eerie feeling in the pit of my stomach, I'm not sure what it is but whatever it is isn't good. Tonight should have ended just as perfectly as it started but something isn't right.

It's been a month since I've seen or heard from Knox. He fell off the face of the Earth.

My heart is breaking. Who am I kidding? It is broken. The past few weeks Knox and I were really connecting and I thought by us making love it was going to finally seal the deal for us. I guess I was wrong. I've called his phone and I texted him but with no response. He hasn't run with me since coming home from South Carolina. I don't see him at the coffee shop or out on his balcony either.

Summer and Rex keep telling me to give him time. That he's afraid and he'll come around. Well guess what? I'm afraid too but I didn't go running like a scared little kid.

I'm over being hurt; now I'm just pissed off. If he was having problems figuring this relationship out, he should have come and talked to me about it instead of freezing me out. I thought I meant more to him than that, apparently not.

Making love with Jasmine was nothing that I was prepared for. I've slept with other girls since her but nothing compares to Jasmine. She blew my f**king mind. It was perfect until she fell asleep in my arms and I knew that this should have never happened without me telling her the truth first.

She is going to f**king hate me for what I know and for not telling her that I've known about her for years. I was being a selfish ass**le and I deserve every shitty thing that comes my way.

Now I just need to figure out a way to tell her without losing her. I can't lose her. I won't lose her.

Rex calls me the morning after I left Jasmine asleep in her bed without saying goodbye.

"Did you tell her yet?"

"Good morning to you too, ass**le," I sit back in my office chair and kick my legs up on my desk. "I haven't told her yet Rex."

"God damn it Knox. Just f**king tell her already. The longer you wait to harder it's going to be for the both of you." Rex snaps.

"Yeah, I know Rex."

"Then f**king do it." Then he hangs up the phone on me.

Rex and I have never fought the way we have been recently. I don't want to tell Jasmine because I'm afraid of how she will react. I should have done it a while ago, when I knew I couldn't hurt her anymore. Now that we've slept together this confession is probably going to rip us apart.

19

Summer just got home from Rex's apartment and she's taking a shower. She's declared tonight girl's night and I wasn't getting out of it. I've blown her and Rex off since Knox up and left me. I haven't been in the mood to do much of anything except go to work and teach my dance class. Even our little threesome visits to the clubs on the weekend have stopped too.

Henry buzzes up that our pizza is here. I knock on the bathroom door, "Pizza is here and I'm going down to get it."

"Alright!" Summer yells back.

I ride the elevator down and pay for the pizza. I turn around to head back upstairs and I catch a glimpse of Knox walking out of the coffee shop and out the front doors of the building, nodding his head in Henry's direction.

I wait a few seconds to make sure Knox is out of eye sight when I walk over to Henry. I place the pizza box on his desk and sigh loudly. He looks up at me and smiles, "How are you this evening Ms. Jennings?"

I roll my eyes, "I've told you to call me Jasmine, Henry."

Henry takes his glasses off and rubs the bridge of his nose, he looks tired. "Sorry, Ms. Jasmine."

I tap my finger nails which are in need of a manicure on his desk. "So I saw Knox leaving, I don't suppose you can tell me what he was doing here can you?"

Henry gets a goofy smile on his face before he shakes his head. "Now you know I can't tell you that."

I bat my eye lashes, "I'll bake you some cupcakes for tomorrow."

Henry gets a dreamy look on his face, "Ms. Jasmine, you're gonna have me breaking the rules."

"But you're gonna tell me anyway right?"

Henry eyes me for a full minute before answering me, "I'm not, but I'll give you a clue."

I narrow my eyes, "A clue?"

Henry shrugs, "It's all I can do."

I stick my hand out, "Deal."

Henry shakes my hand and pulls me a little closer to him. "Who do you make your rent checks out to every month?"

I think about it for a second, "Mitchell Enterprises."

Henry sits back and winks.

"Mitchell Enterprises," I blink a few times "Knox owns this building?"

Henry simply shrugs his shoulders, "A deal is a deal."

I pick up my pizza box and mumble, "Cupcakes, got it."

I walk back towards the elevators in a fog but stop suddenly right in front of the coffee shop that I work at. Something dawns on me; Mitchell Enterprises pays me every week. My mind is spinning. How did I not put this together before? This explains how Knox knew where I worked, when I ran, how he was able to get into the building without being buzzed up and how he was able to park in front of the building like he owned the place. He f**king owns the building I live and work in!

I walk quickly to the elevators and when they take too long I head for the stairs. I take the stairs two at a time to my apartment. I open the door and find Summer in the kitchen, I place the pizza on the table and narrow my eyes at my best friend.

"How come you never told me Knox owns this building?"

Summer sets her wine glass on the counter with a little too much force and some spills out of the top. "Christ Jas, you scared the shit out of me."

Summer wipes up her mess and turns to face me. She looks down to her feet, not meeting my eyes. "I just found out myself." She looks up, "I'm kind of still pissed off at Rex for not saying anything."

I put my hands on my hips, "So you didn't know before? When did you find out?"

Summer huffs and turns around to grab her wine. "I'm gonna need a lot of this tonight." She mumbles before going to take a seat in the living room.

"Sit Jas," I oblige and take a seat on the other end of the couch from her. "Remember when we were heading to South Carolina and there was a p**n o playing in Knox's car?"

I grimace, "Yeah."

Summer looks at me over her wine glass, "It wasn't a p**n o. It was a video feed of the office in the coffee shop."

The world stops moving, I stop breathing. I close my eyes and try to get my bearings. "What do you mean it was a video feed?"

Summer looks past me towards the window, "He's got cameras in the coffee shop. Actually he has cameras all over this building too."

I rub my temples, "So you mean to tell me that he's been watching me this whole time? He knew where I worked and he's watched me so much he knows my running schedule? He watches me so much he does it from his car?"

My best friend doesn't answer me; she knows I already know the answers to my questions. She has an apologetic look on her face.

I'm stunned into silence. What the hell is going on? I feel like my life is spinning out of control. Why is this happening to me? Is he really sitting in his car watching me?

A thought occurs to me, "Summer, are my parents involved? I know you said before that Knox isn't the type of person to babysit someone but why else would he be watching me?"

Summer scoots closer to me and takes one of my hands in hers. "There's a story behind all this Jasmine. I don't know what it is but I know there is one. Rex and I have had our fights over this but all I can get out of him is that Knox knew who you were before we moved in." A tear slips from her eye. "That's actually the reason why I'm here. I told Rex that we can't be together if he can't tell me what the hell is going on. I can't have a relationship with secrets. It doesn't work."

I squeeze Summer's hand, "I'm sorry Summer, that whatever the hell is going on is involving you."

I go into my bedroom to get my phone. I take a seat back on the couch next to Summer and dial the number I thought I would never dial again.

Summer whispers, "Who are you calling?"

I hold up a finger as Marie answers the phone. "Hello?"

"Marie? It's Jasmine."

"Jasmine?" Marie repeats with a shaky voice.

I manage a little smile, I didn't realize how much I missed her until I heard her voice and apparently she'd missed me too. "Yeah it's me."

"Oh sweetheart," Marie starts crying. "I didn't think I'd ever hear from you again."

I wipe the mist out of my eyes, "I didn't think I'd ever call this number again."

Marie sniffles a few times, "Your parents are out of town. Is there something I can do for you?"

I glance in Summer's direction, "I need to talk to my father. I need some answers about some things."

Summer's eyes go wide in surprise that I would go that far to reach out to my father of all people, but I need answers and I'm clearly not going to get them from the Mitchell brothers.

Marie doesn't answer anything. I take the phone away from my ear to make sure I didn't lose the connections. "Marie, are you still there?"

"Yeah I'm still here. Your father will be home some time on Saturday. Why don't you come by Saturday morning and I'll cook you breakfast and we'll catch up."

I bite the corner of my lips, I don't really want to go home but maybe I'll be able to get straight answers from him. He can't hang up or not answer my call if I'm there. "Okay. I'll come by around ten?"

"Yes sweetheart, sounds good. I'll talk to you then."

"Marie?"

"Yes?"

"Don't tell them I'm coming."

"Your secret is safe with me."

Summer's mouth drops open, "You're going home?"

I shrug my shoulders, not really sure if I just confirmed that I was really going home after declaring that I would never step foot in that house again. "I guess I am."

Rex comes storming through my front door, "You have to stop this f**king shit and just tell her what the f**k happened Knox! Enough already!"

I finish typing up my email to a supplier on the West Coast and then close my laptop. "Nice to see you too Rex."

Rex sits on the couch directly across from me, "Knox, seriously you have to tell her the truth, and all of it. Stop running from the f**king problem and fix it. I get that you wanted revenge for what happened but it's not going to happen. Not now."

I pinch the bridge of my nose. These brotherly chats are basically daily now. Most of the time it's because he's had a fight with Summer.

"I'm working on it." I tell him the same thing I've been saying for weeks.

"You're not doing a good job." He snarls back. "Your bullshit is affecting my life. All Summer and I do is fight."

My head rests against the back of the couch. "What do you want me to do, Rex? March my ass over there, spill my guts to her and rip her heart out in the process? Rex, I love her but how is she ever going to love me back when she knows everything that I know?"

I've laid awake in bed for hours trying to figure out how I'm going to explain all this to her and every night I come up with nothing. It's been four weeks and the only thing that is making this separation bearable is because I can watch her through the cameras. I know it's creepy and stalkerish but it's all I can have right now.

"Knox you have to give her a chance to decide if she can love you after this all comes out. I don't want see any of this happen to her, or you, but the only way to move forward is by coming clean and starting over. I love her too Knox, she's like a sister to me, but this has to stop. You can't avoid her anymore."

Of course my baby brother is right. I can't avoid her any longer, but how do I rip her world apart when all I want to do is protect her from it?

20

Summer is pacing back and forth and it's raking on my last nerve. She's been biting her fingers and mumbling to herself since I hung up the phone with Marie.

"Summer!" She stops for a second before shaking her head and continues pacing. "Would you please sit down? You're driving me f**king crazy!" I snap.

She sighs dramatically and plops down on the couch. "Look, I've got something I need to tell you before you go home."

Damn! What is it now?

"Summer?"

She gets up again and starts pacing, finally she stops and looks up to the ceiling and shakes her head. "You have to talk to Marie."

I roll my eyes, "I am. That's why I'm going over there early."

Summer shakes her head again, "No you have to talk to her, like really talk to her."

I walk up to her and grab her face between my hands. "I do not understand Summer's babble so well these days. What are you talking about?"

"Marie called my parents a while back asking about you. I don't know why, my mom said it wasn't important but I know my mom. Whatever Marie talked to her about was and I know it's about you, but that's all I know."

My hands drop from her face and my shoulders slump. Why, why in the hell is my life spiraling out of control all of a sudden?

I turn to walk to my bedroom, "Thanks Summer."

Our girl's night was officially over. I changed into shorts and a sports bra, grabbed my iPod and left without another word to Summer. I need to run to clear my head.

When I come back a few hours later I'm soaked with sweat and completely exhausted. Summer must be sleeping or she left and went back to Rex's apartment. I jump into the cool shower and quickly wash my body off. After my shower I climb into my bed without even getting dressed. Saturday can't get here soon enough.

I toss and turn all night long until finally the sun starts to rise. The last few days pass by in a blur and I just want to get this visit over and done with so I can march my ass over to Knox and demand answers, but first I must make sure that he isn't working for my dad.

Summer is standing in the kitchen making coffee when I emerge from my room. "Morning," she greets me.

"Morning," I reach into the fridge for an apple and take a seat at the kitchen table.

"When do you leave?"

"In an hour." I take a bite of my apple. I'm in a horrible freaking mood because I'm dreading going back to visit my parents and the fear that Knox might be involved is only making it worse.

"Want me to come with you?"

She's asked me every day and every day I tell her the same thing. "No thanks. I need to do this on my own."

Summer nods and reaches above her for two coffee cups from the cabinet. She fills both our cups and takes a seat across from me.

"You know I love you, right?" She asks with a smile that doesn't reach her eyes.

"I know." I get up and toss my apple in the trash and then sit back down.

I know she is trying to be supportive but I really just want to be left alone and I wish that she wasn't fighting with Rex so that I could have some alone time. I love my best friend but sometimes a girl just needs to some time away from everything and everyone.

We finish our coffee in silence. Summer finishes first and rinses her cup before grabbing her purse off the table. "Call me if you need me. I'll be here waiting for you."

I stand and hug my best friend. "Love you Summer."

"Love you too."

My hands are sweating and keep slipping from the steering wheel when I pull into the driveway at my parent's house. They aren't even here and I'm acting all crazy.

"Get a hold of yourself Jas." I say to myself.

I park my car around the circle driveway. I look at myself in my rearview mirror, "It's only Marie. Get your shit together." I take a few deep breaths before finally getting out of the car.

Before I even get to the door Marie opens it with open arms. I step into her embrace and she begins to cry. "Oh my sweet girl," She squeezes me tighter, "I've missed you."

I sniffle a few times trying to keep the tears at bay. "I've missed you too."

She rocks me side to side a few times before stepping back, "You look too skinny. Let's go get you some pancakes."

I laugh a real laugh for the first time in a month. She was always saying I was too skinny and I should eat more when all my mom did was bitch and complain that I was going to gain too much weight.

We eat breakfast and catch up on all that has been going on in both of our lives.

"I've met someone but it didn't seem to work out so I'm just throwing myself into my work, keeping myself busy." I shrug and take another bite of my pancakes.

"Well he must have been something special if he caught your attention." Marie winks at me then grabs her orange juice.

I set my fork down and look down to my lap. "Knox Mitchell definitely caught my attention. He really didn't give me a chance to blow him off."

Marie spits her orange juice out and starts coughing like crazy. I knock my chair over and pat on her back. "Marie! Are you ok?"

She coughs a few more times before picking up her napkin and wiping her face. She clears her throat, "I'm sorry, must have gone down the wrong pipe." After I know she's ok I sit back down. "So tell me about Knox."

I instantly tear up and look down at my hands resting in my lap. "I love him Marie." I sniff, "He just walked into my life and swept me off my feet. I fought him for the longest time until I just couldn't anymore. Things were great until about a month ago." I take a shuttering breath. "We slept together for the first time and then when I woke up in the middle of the night he was gone and I haven't heard from him since."

Marie comes over and wraps her arms around me. She kisses the top of my head. "Let's go talk in the living room, sweetie."

I follow Marie out into the living room and get comfy on the couch. I can feel it; I'm about to head into something I'm not sure I want to know about. Marie never wanted to talk; she would always listen but never really ever talked to me about much of anything.

She sits on the other end of the couch and crosses her legs. Marie is so pretty, chocolate hair, the same color as mine; her eyes are green, just like mine but darker. She's short with little curves, probably barely five feet tall but she's got a darker Italian complexion. Her husband died a long time ago and she never remarried after that, hell I don't think I've ever seen her go out on dates either for that matter.

"I've missed this place, well not really, but I've missed you being here." Marie says as she looks around the living room. There is a family portrait hanging over the fire place from when I was about ten or so. Those were the easy days. "I'm not really working for your father anymore. I'm only here twice a week and work all the holidays since there isn't much for me to do here. I got myself a little place not too far away."

It's about time Marie started living her life.

"So where is this new place of yours? Maybe I could actually come visit you since you aren't living here anymore."

Marie nods, "You remember those cute little apartments near the high school?"

"The brick building that is shaped like a U with the pretty flowers in the middle of the court yard?" I always remembered the little old lady that was out there every day in the garden.

"Those are the ones."

Marie is quiet for a few minutes, just staring out the window. The longer she's quiet the more my anxiety grows. I know something is coming. My teeth start to chatter. Marie looks over at me with sad eyes.

"Sweetie, I need to tell you some things but I need you to listen to everything I tell you first. This isn't easy," Marie wipes away a tear. "But it's about time you know."

My stomach rolls and I want to scream that I don't want to know. I like the way my life is but I want Knox back. I have questions I want to ask my dad and then I want to leave and go home. Go back to the bubble that I've created.

I don't respond to Marie so she takes that as her answer and just starts to tell me the story that will probably change my life in some way.

"You know that I lost my husband years ago, shortly after I started working here. Well one night your father found me drinking a bottle of wine alone in the kitchen. I was crying because I missed my one true love and the only way I was actually getting by at night was to have a glass or two of wine to help me relax. Well that night I finished off the whole bottle myself while Michael listened to me go on and on about my husband." Marie takes a deep breath and continues. I just sit back and listen, imagining that I'm reading one of my books back home curled up in bed.

"Michael and I made a huge mistake that night and it should have never happened. I was vulnerable and one thing led to another and Michael and I had sex." My sharp intake of my breath has Marie snapping her head in my direction. My nanny and father slept together? He cheated on my mother? How could he do that?

Marie wipes another tear from her eye, "I'm so sorry sweetie." She cries.

Is Marie the reason my mother drinks so much? Does she know what happened?

"It was only that one time."

I flinch. I don't want to hear anything else about it.

"When two months had passed and I still didn't get my period I knew our lapse in judgment would forever change my life. I went to the store and purchased a pregnancy test even though I already knew what the answer would be. I guess I just needed to see it for myself. When it came back positive I knew I had to quit. Michael could never find out that I was pregnant; my only problem was I had nowhere to go. My parents both passed away early on in life leaving me and my sister to fend for ourselves. My sister had a one year old daughter and a new marriage. I couldn't put this on her." Marie huffs, "Michael found the test in the trash before I could quit. He knew our one night just destroyed his family but he demanded a test to see if the baby was really his. Seven months later I gave birth to the most precious little girl." Marie smiles lovingly at me with tears flowing down her cheeks. "The paternity test came back positive as I knew it would since I was only with one other man in my entire life aside from my husband."

"I have a sister?" I whisper.

Marie shakes her head and looks down at her hands. "No sweetie, you are that little girl."

The blood swooshes in my ears and my vision blurs. The room spins so fast I can't see straight. My mother is Marie? How is this possible? It isn't. It can't be. I need to get the hell out of here.

I attempt to stand but my body doesn't seem to want to move. Marie lays a hand on my arm and I flinch away.

"Jasmine, just listen to me, listen to the whole story. I will answer all your questions when I'm finished, I promise." Marie begs. "A switch went off in Michael the day you were born. He demanded that I sign over my rights to him. He convinced me that I wouldn't be able to give you the life you deserved. The only reason I agreed to do it is because Michael promised that I could keep my job and also be a nanny to you. I was left with no choice, I didn't have any money to fight him in court and I didn't have a place to live. I was desperate and took whatever I could get to stay in your life."

I covered my ears, not wanting to hear anymore. I needed her to stop, I couldn't take anymore. My whole life has been nothing but a lie. I got up from the couch and stumbled into the kitchen. I needed a drink and I need something strong. I fumbled around until I found where the alcohol had been moved to. I pulled out the vodka and took a few long pulls. I sat down at the table and let the numbness take over. A few minutes later Marie came in and pulled two shot glasses out of the cabinet and set them in front of me.

"Those aren't big enough."

Marie sighs, "I know sweetie, I know."

I pour her a shot and pushed it towards her. I picked up the bottle and took a few more gulps.

Marie apparently wasn't done destroying my life. "Vivian was barren and only Michael knew that after years of trying to get pregnant themselves." Marie lets out a pathetic laugh, "Michael told Vivian about the affair and convinced her that this was an answer to their prayers. Michael helped Vivian stage her pregnancy. Vivian never left the house after fifteen weeks. She shut everyone out claiming she was having a very high risk pregnancy. After I gave birth at the house Vivian and Michael started letting their family and friends back into their lives and Vivian took on being your mother."

Marie pours herself another shot, "I was devastated, depressed and all alone. Many nights I thought about taking you and just running away but I knew Michael would stop at nothing to find us and I would lose you forever. Eventually I pulled myself out of my depression when I realized that Vivian was starting to drink heavily. I found her passed out more times than I could remember while you were in your crib screaming and crying." Marie takes her shot and grimaces. "After a while things fell into place. Michael and Vivian for the most part ignored you, which I thanked the lord for every day. When you started getting older they involved you in some way in their events. They were showing a strong family front when it was anything but. As years passed and you turned into a beautiful young lady, Michael and Vivian started dictating your life, telling you what you could and couldn't do. I hated every second of that but my hands were tied. I know you wanted to go to Julliard but they refused to even hear of it. I knew why Michael refused; he wanted you to take over his company one day. It was so hard for me to not see your dreams come true. When you went away to college it was extremely hard on me; I knew it was good for you but our time together came to an end."

The vodka is doing a good job at numbing the pain. I'm hurt, pissed off, and disgusted. My father, no not my father, a father would never come up with a scam like this. He would do what was right; he would never deny his daughter from knowing her mother. I know Marie but only the basics. I'm so confused about how I feel. The need to go for a run is becoming stronger and stronger by the second.

Marie stood up and walked over to the sliding glass doors off the kitchen. "After you graduated from college and never came home I was really worried. I begged Michael to tell me where you were or how to get in touch with you but he just kept telling me that he had no idea. I thought he was trying to keep you away from me. Eventually it got to the point where I couldn't take it anymore and reached out to Summer's parents. It took some convincing for them to tell me any information but Summer's mom spilled that you and Summer were perfectly fine and living in New York City. I was so proud of you for turning your back on your demanding father and making a life for yourself. I knew that you had your trust fund from Michael's father so I knew you would be able to make it on your own for a while."

I did have his money and I'm thankful for that. There was no other way that I could have made it without it.

Speaking for the first time, "Marie, I'm going to go lie down for a few minutes." I go up to my old bedroom, hoping it's still the way I left. I open the first door on the right side, I don't bother turning the light switch on. There is plenty of light coming in from the windows. My room is the exact way I left it, boy band posters still taped to the walls. I lie down on top of my bed and let all of the shit that she just threw at me sink in.

I have at least one decent parent now. Marie was always there for me no matter what. Michael and Vivian are scum to me now and I'll never have to deal with them in my life again after today.

I'm not sure how I feel about Marie being my mother. I understand why she did what she did but how come once I left she didn't come looking for me if she knew where I was?

I've been up here for probably close to an hour when Marie comes knocking on the door, "Come in."

Marie steps into my room, "Are you ok?"

I throw a hand over my eyes, "I'm still processing everything."

The bed dips as Marie sits down. "I'm so sorry Jasmine, but it was time you knew the truth."

"I know, I understand."

Marie reaches over and rubs my arm, "Do you have any questions?"

I sit up and lean back against the headboard. "You said you have a sister which means I actually have an aunt, uncle and cousin. I'd like to meet them one day. Would that be ok?"

Marie starts to cry all over again. Her eyes are so red and bloodshot. I haven't cried yet but I know I will tonight.

"I'd love for you to meet them. My sister and her husband moved out to California a few years ago." Marie takes a deep breath. "Your cousin Savanna passed away in an accident about five years ago. Remember that one time I took that week off and you begged me not to leave you?"

I nod, remembering that Marie never took time off work which explains why now.

"Oh God," Marie looked away from me, "Your cousin was driving with her boyfriend's parents to South Carolina. She was a couple of months pregnant and her boyfriend was going to propose to her that weekend. They never made it. They were hit from behind by a drunk driver going eighty miles an hour. Jasmine, that drunk driver was Vivian, and sweetheart," Marie sniffles, "Savanna's boyfriend's name was Knox Mitchell."

I jump up from the bed and run into the bathroom and throw up my breakfast. This can't be happening to me. Once I'm sure everything is up I set back against the tub. Marie hands me a wash cloth and I take it to wipe my face.

"So Vivian killed Savanna?"

Marie slides down the wall and sits next to me on the floor. "Yup and she got away with it. Your father hired big time lawyers and somehow got it swept under the rug."

"So she never paid for killing three people," I flinch, "four people?"

Marie shakes her head.

"Do you think that there is a chance that Knox knows who I am?" My stomach rolls but I take a few deep breaths and calm myself down.

Marie nods her head, "I think there is a good chance."

Fuck!

I climb to my feet and brush my teeth with a toothbrush from the drawer. When I'm done I walk into my old room and glance at the clock. Its late afternoon. "I don't want to be here when they come home. Can we go to your house?"

Marie smiles and nods quickly. "Let's go now so that we don't run into them."

I wake up early Saturday morning and head over to Jasmine's apartment. I can't take it anymore and I need to explain to her what happened.

When I arrive at Jasmine's I knock a few times and no one answers. I lean my back against the door and slide down. I kick my legs out in front of me and wait for her to come home. I can't leave here without telling her the truth.

An hour or so passes and Summer steps off the elevator and stops abruptly. "What are you doing here?"

I stand up and brush my ass off. "I need to talk to Jasmine."

Summer narrows her eyes at me. "She's not here and even if she was she wouldn't talk to you. Just leave her alone Knox."

"I'm not leaving until I talk to her."

Summer glares at me, "You're going to be waiting a while. She went home."

"Home?"

"Do you need a hearing aid? Yes, home."

"This is her home."

Summer groans, "Knox, seriously you've done enough damage. Just leave things be okay. I'll tell her you stopped by."

She steps into the apartment and slams the door in my face. I deserve that.

I need to get to Jasmine, why would she go home?

21

I spend the night at Marie's because I'm mentally exhausted, had a little too much vodka and can't drive the few hours back to New York.

The first call I make is to Marcus, to ask him to fill in for me tomorrow. I explain that I am dealing with some family issues and he agrees.

The second call I make is to Summer to let her know that I wasn't coming home.

"Are you okay?" She asks, genuinely concerned.

I bite on my lip hard. "No. Summer," I cry. "Everything is so messed up. I don't even know what's real and what's not anymore."

"Oh Jas, what happened? Was your dad involved after all?" Summer questions me.

I spend the next half hour explaining to my best friend that Vivian isn't my real mother but Marie is. I tell her how my dad manipulated Marie into giving him custody, and him and Vivian claiming I was theirs because Marie had no one way of taking care of me on her own. I tell her that I've got family on Marie's side and then I drop the bombs on her. I tell her what happened to my cousin and that Vivian killed my cousin.

"Holy f**k Jasmine, this is like some Jerry Springer shit."

I huff, "Yeah well I'm not finished yet. Savanna's boyfriend's name was Knox Mitchell."

Summer sharply inhales, "Get the f**k out of here."

My eyes tear up again. "I can't believe it Summer, he knows that Vivian killed his parents and his pregnant girlfriend, but why didn't he ever tell me?"

"Jasmine, he stopped over earlier and I told him to get lost."

Figures, now he wants to come over and talk when I've just been told something that has changed my entire life. I could really use him right now but that will never happen again until he can explain himself to me. Make me understand what it is that he's up to.

"Thanks Summer. I'll be home in the morning."

"Love you."

"Love you too."

I get up early the next morning since I didn't sleep well. Marie sets out two bowls, spoons and a box of Special K when I walk into the kitchen and sit at the table.

"I thought Michael hired Knox to keep an eye on me. I found out the other day that Knox owns the building that I live and work in. I thought it was suspicious and since Knox isn't speaking to me I thought I would try my dad."

"Jasmine, I don't even know what to say. I want to help you but I'm not sure how." Marie says as she pushes around her cereal in her bowl.

"I'm not sure there is anything you can do to help me. I need to talk to Knox and figure some things out."

Marie nods and takes a mouthful of cereal. When I'm finished I take my bowl to the sink and clean it out, leaving it in the drain board to dry. Marie is still eating her cereal, staring off into space.

"Well," Marie twists her head in my direction, "I'm out of here. I need to go find Knox and figure out what the hell is going on."

Marie stands and wraps her arms around me and sniffles a few times. "Will you come back to visit me? I wish we could spend more time together."

I squeeze Marie a little harder, "Of course I'll be back. I hope to have you at my place sometime too."

Marie places a kiss on my cheek. "Be brave my sweet girl and listen to Knox, he has dealt with a lot."

I pick up my purse and get into my car to make my way back to New York and demand answers from Knox. When I finally fight through all the traffic I stop at my apartment and take a quick shower. Summer isn't home so I don't waste another minute and go right to Knox's apartment and hope he's home.

I take a few deep breaths before knocking on the door. My heart is beating like crazy.

When the door opens Knox stands there for a second before he wraps his arms around me and pulls me in for a hug. I don't return it because I'm still pissed off that he's blown me off for a month and even more so now I know what he hasn't been able to share me.

"I'm so f**king sorry Jasmine, so sorry."

I pull back and hit my fist against his chest as the tears pour from my eyes. "Why Knox? You just up and left me in the middle of the night after making love to me for the first time and I haven't heard from you since." I sob.

He grabs my hands from his chest and pulls them behind him, he holds me tightly against his chest as I crumble. I'm so hurt and confused. I thought he loved me.

Once I've got a little more control of myself he leads me into his apartment. The apartment is set up like mine with the open floor plan, but his apartment is huge compared to mine. Every room is doubled in size. Everything is so clean and organized. Knox takes a seat on his black leather couch and pulls me down on his lap, laying my legs on the cushion. He reaches up with both hands and cups my face.

"I f**king missed you so much. I can't even begin to explain how much." He tries to kiss me but I turn my face away from him. I can't kiss. He's lucky I'm even sitting on his lap but I'm only doing it for me. I've missed him too and I just want to be close to him even if it's just for a few minutes.

"I love you Jasmine. You crashed into my life and left my head spinning. I was in a bad place for years until you came along. I was looking for revenge, an outlet for my anger, but then you came along and ripped that all to shreds."

"You weren't what I was expecting either, Knox. You know I fought to stay away from you until I just couldn't do it anymore."

After a few minutes my body relaxes into his and all the fight leaves me. I'm home, Knox is my home. Yes we have a shit load of stuff to work out, but right now in this second I don't want to think about any of it.

Knox stares into my eyes with passion and love, "I love you Jasmine." He whispers.

He leans his forehead against mine and kisses me a few times. Knox and I make love on his couch until both of us are so spent that we can't even move. We fall asleep in each other's arms until dawn when Knox wakes and moves us to his king size bed. We curl under the covers together.

Knox lies on his back and I have my head on his chest listening to his heartbeat. "When my parents were killed in the car accident they had my pregnant girlfriend in the car with them." Knox's voice is groggy with sleep. "Five years ago your mother killed my parents and girlfriend."

All the air whooshes out of me, yes I know all of this already but hearing it from him just makes me hurt for him.

My voice is shaky, "She's not my mother," I laugh bitterly. "Marie is."

After a few minutes my body relaxes into his and all the fight leaves me. I'm home, Knox is my home.

His breath catches, "You know?" Knox asks.

I nod my head, "Yeah, I talked to Marie yesterday. She told me everything, Knox." The tears start up again.

"I've known about all of that for a long time Jasmine." Knox moves me and sits up against the headboard. "Let me start from the beginning. Vivian crashed into the car that was being driven by my dad. He, my mom and Savanna were driving to South Carolina so that I could propose to her."

"She was everything to me, my best friend and my other half. Vivian took it all away from me that night. My parents were traveling down the highway and saw a driver ahead of them swerving. They called 911 to report the driver. Savanna was texting me for a while, telling me what was going on. After about a half hour there was still no sign of the cops and my dad was getting impatient. She said that my dad was just going to speed past them and hope that whoever was driving didn't cause a serious accident."

"That was the last that I heard from her that night. I was about eight hours away Jas, eight. Her texts stopped coming shortly after she told me that my dad was passing the drunk driver. When she didn't answer my text I called her. No answer. I called both of my parents. No one answered. Rex was at a graduation party and wasn't answering his phone either. He was pretty close to them according to where Savanna told me they were. After an hour of getting nowhere I jumped in my car and headed home. I was in no condition to drive but I had to find them."

"My pregnant girlfriend who is with my parents could possibly be hurt and I had no way of knowing. I was freaking the f**k out, thinking the worst but praying at the same time for the best. I was about half way home when I got the phone call from her dad. He refused to tell me anything except that he asked that I make it back as soon as possible. A bone chilling feeling sunk in after we hung up. He didn't need to tell me but I knew it wasn't good. She was either injured severely, she lost our baby or I lost the both of them."

I'm bawling like a baby and my body is shaking.

"Savanna was twenty weeks pregnant. We had an ultrasound appointment set up to find out the sex of the baby at the end of the week. We talked for hours about whether or not we wanted to know what we were having." Knox's eyes glaze over. "I secretly wanted a boy but I never told her that because she wanted a girl."

"Hours later I finally pulled into the parking lot of the hospital, it was the middle of the night. I said a prayer before getting out and facing all that shit. When the doors slid open I saw Rex first. He was sitting in a chair with his head hung. He must have sensed me because he looked up; his eyes were red and swollen. I looked around and didn't see anyone else so I walked over to Rex. He stood and hugged me and said what I already knew. My parents didn't make it. Rex broke down in my arms. There I stood in the middle of the waiting area while he sobbed. I refused to break down, I was now the adult. I had to be strong for Rex. When he collected himself I asked him about Savanna and the baby."

"Rex had the look on his face, the look I prayed so hard not to show but it did anyway. He told me that he would take me to them. A nurse buzzed us through double doors and the overwhelming smell of sanitation hit me and I instantly wanted to throw up. We walked past a few closed curtains and then I heard sniffling and Savanna's dad's voice. I clenched and unclenched my fist a few times, trying to get myself in check. Nothing could have ever prepared me for what I saw."

I have my hand covering my mouth, this is like a horror story no one should ever have to live through.

"Her face was unrecognizable. There were so many tubes and wires connected to her. When I stepped into the room, her father stood and placed a shaky hand on my shoulder. Her mom walked out of the room and into Rex's arms for support."

"Savanna's dad asked me to sit down. I took his vacated seat right alongside Savanna. I reached for her hand and placed my other hand on our baby. The baby had just started moving a few weeks ago and anytime that I put my hand on her stomach the baby would move or kick, that time I felt nothing. I waited and willed our precious baby to move. Just a little flick, nudge, something, but I got nothing."

As I continue to cry Knox pulls me back into his arms. I should be the one comforting him not the other way around. Hearing this from his point of view is so heartbreaking. I can't even imagine the pain he must have gone through.

Knox entwines our fingers together, "I looked over to Savanna's dad and asked what was going on with them. He gets choked up. I know it's not good, not at all. Savanna's mom breaks down in the hallway and keeps saying 'no' over and over again when he delivers the blow that she's brain dead. My world stopped. My heart stopped. I stopped breathing. He explained that they kept her alive until I got there so that I could say goodbye. Her dad turns to leave without another word, giving me time to say my goodbyes."

"Rex walks in and asks what he can do. I just shook my head and told him that just being here was enough. He stood in the corner of the room, out of the way. I stood and folded the blankets down Savanna's body and rest my head on her stomach. I told our baby how much I loved both of them and that I was sorry I'd never been able to meet him or her, but at they would get a chance to know their mother and to watch out for each other up in heaven."

How does someone ever recover from something like this?

"I placed a kiss on her stomach and pulled the covers back up. I kissed Savanna on the lips and told her all my plans that I had for the night and how I wanted to spend the rest of my life with her. I took the engagement ring that I bought her and placed it on her hand and dropped to my knee and proposed to her. I knew I would never get an answer but I was ok with that. It was something I needed to do for myself." Knox's breathing gets harder and his voice is shaky. "I kissed her once more before telling her I loved her for the last and final time. I walked out of the hospital and went home."

"I couldn't be there when they pulled the plug on my girlfriend and unborn child. It just seemed cruel in my eyes even though I knew it is what they had to do. When I got home I packed everything of hers up. Every picture, piece of clothing, all the baby stuff and put it all in bags and threw it in the trash. I took a shower and sat in the chair in my room trying to figure out what the hell I was going to do with my life now that everything was gone. The only thing that kept me going was Rex. I needed to be strong for him. He had no one and neither did I."

"My parents were buried three days after they passed and Savanna and my baby were two days after that. I never cried, never grieved. What was the point? It wouldn't bring them back. Before leaving the hospital I promised Savanna I would make whoever did this to my family pay."

"After the investigation was over I knew who killed my family. Everything was swept under the rug like it never happened. I couldn't let that happen. I needed revenge."

I agree with Knox that Vivian deserved to pay for what she did to them.

"I watched your family from a distance. I knew where you went to school; I knew what kind of car you drove. I knew everything about your family. I hired a private investigator and uncovered who your real mother was. You up and disappeared after graduation. It took me a little while to find you but I didn't really have to look hard because you kind of just fell into my lap. I thought I was finally catching a break." Knox brings our hands up and kisses the back of mine. "Only problem was, I fell for you. I fell so damn hard. My plan was to get you to fall in love with me and then I was going to crush your family like your mother did to mine. I was going to lay it all out on the line that Marie was your mother and not Vivian. I started out fine but that night at Club Mango I couldn't resist you anymore."

I shake my head back and forth. "My god Knox."

We lie there for a while not talking, both wrapped up in our heads.

Self-doubt creeps in and I start second guessing everything, my mind reels about our relationship. Am I a replacement for Savanna? I look just like her. When he tells me he loves me, does he mean it? Is he hiding anything else from me?

Can I trust Knox and believe what he tells me is true and be able to move forward with him?

Knox nudges me, "Talk to me."

I close my eyes, "Knox I need some time. I need to sort this all out."

Knox doesn't say anything as I slip out of his bed and dress. When I'm done I steal a quick glance in his direction. His head is resting against his headboard and his eyes are closed.

"Knox?"

His eyes open, they are filled with remorse and so much pain and through all of that there is love there.

"Give me some time."

He nods and closes his eyes again.

I just laid it all out for Jasmine. She knows everything. Time will tell what happens next.

EPILOGUE

Two years later...

I sit back in the rocking chair with my beautiful baby girl. She's just had a bottle and now her little eyes are barely staying open.

I rub her little cheek with the back of my pointer finger, "Close your eyes princess."

We rock for a while until she falls asleep. Knox and I have been though a lot these last few years.

When I left Knox in bed after his confession I was hurt, so hurt. I didn't trust him or believe anything he'd ever said to me. We didn't see each other for a few weeks. I needed to let things settle.

Summer showed up with Rex one night after everything went down. Rex explained that he told Knox not to do anything and that karma was a bitch and Vivian would get what she had coming for her. Rex doesn't hold grudges and could never understand where Knox was coming from. I told him that I forgave him and thanked him for being on my side.

"Hey Rex?" I stopped him one night on his way out with Summer.

"Yeah?"

"Do you really think that Knox's feeling for me are genuine?"

Rex smiles, "Jas, I know they are. He's different with you. I've seen him in love before but with you, he's different. He's a good guy Jas, he was just hurt."

I nod and go back to my mindless television.

One night, a few weeks after my talk with Rex, I found myself riding the elevator up to Knox's apartment.

I knocked a few times, no one answered. I went back down the hall and waited for the elevator. When it opened Knox was standing there shirtless, his chest glistened and sweat dripped down his face.

"Hey." Knox greets me as he steps off the elevator.

My heart pounds against my chest, "Hey."

"You want to come in?" Knox asks over his shoulder as he unlocks his door. My eyes close for a second when they find his heart and angel wing tattoo on his back. The date makes sense now, it was the day he lost most of his family.

Deep breath Jasmine.

"Sure."

Things were strained, we both knew it but you couldn't deny the energy in the air between us.

That night Knox held me and swore that his love for me was real. I barely talked, all I did was cry. I believed him but I needed him to prove it to me.

We started our relationship over, a clean slate.

Knox proved himself over and over again. We made new memories and reflected back on some old ones, but not the painful ones. I held back from ha**ng s*x with Knox for a few months. I couldn't do it.

Knox helped me work through my feelings about Marie being my real mother. I've always wished that Marie was my mom and not Vivian, funny how that worked out. I visited her a few times alone and sometimes with Knox. Those first few trips with him and Marie were hard. I felt left out when they spoke of Savanna but I got to know a little about her.

A few days after I found out about Marie I went home again and spoke with my father and Vivian. I told them I knew everything and that one day they would go to hell, it's where they deserved to be. That was the end of any relationship I would ever have with them.

Knox helped me move Marie into an apartment in my building six months ago. We are working on building a mother daughter relationship. I felt like we had missed out on a lot of things and I don't want to miss out on another minute. We've already lost so much.

Knox and I have been dating for about a year now and things were going great. It was Fourth of July weekend and we were heading back down to the shore house in South Carolina. No one knew what had happened between Knox and I and that was just fine with me. Things were the same with everyone and Ava was growing up to be a pretty little girl.

Knox was acting funny one night. We were going on a date to Brookgreen Gardens again at my request. That night, right under a great big weeping willow tree that was lit up with white lights, Knox got down on one knee and asked me to spend the rest of my life with him.

Six months later, Knox, me and the whole gang were on a tropical island getting married. Knox didn't want to wait and I didn't want a big wedding.

Knox walks into the bedroom and leans against the door frame to the baby's room. Watching Knox with the baby brings me to tears every time. He's been amazing these last few days since she made her arrival. The minute she was placed in his arms, he cried. We both cried for the loss of Knox's unborn baby and for our new bundle of joy.

I watch as my gorgeous wife rocks our beautiful baby girl to sleep. Nevaeh Savanna Mitchell was born just a few days ago and she couldn't be any more perfect. She was born with a head full of dark hair, a cute little nose, chubby little cheeks and pouty lips. Nevaeh, heaven spelled backwards, came into this world screaming. She gave her mom a run for her money making her appearance into this great big world.

Our honeymoon gave us something we weren't expecting. Jasmine and I were out shopping one night when she suddenly stopped in the aisle with condoms, lube and pregnancy test along with other things.

She turns towards the pregnancy test with her eyes burrowed.

"Baby, what's the matter?"

Jasmine reaches for her purse and digs her phone out. She taps it a few times and then her eyes widen.

"Knox, my period is late."

We decided to stop using them during our honeymoon after we ran out of the ones we brought with us.

"Okay, let's get a test." I say nice and calmly.

"Okay." Jasmine walks over to them and then looks back at me. "Which one do I get?"

I shrug my shoulders, "One of each?"

I didn't go through this with Savanna, she just came over one night and told me we were having a baby.

"Okay."

Jasmine throws one of each test in the cart and we leave. We never got what we came for. When we got home Jasmine and I went into the bathroom and took the test.

"The test says to wait five minutes and it's best to take it in the morning." Jasmine says when she throws the box in the trash can.

I glance over at the test, and I smile.

"What are you smiling at?" Jasmine asks as she comes over to look at the test that's sitting on the sink.

When she sees that it's positive she turns to me and cries tears of happiness. I'm nervous and scared that this is happening again.

"Baby, are you okay?" Jasmine reaches up and cups my face.

"Yeah."

"You look a little pale. Maybe you should sit down."

Jasmine pulls me to the bed and makes me sit while she runs back in the bathroom to take another test. She said that she just wants to make sure.

That night when we were lying in bed I confessed my fears to her that my life would repeat itself. She made love to me that night and washed the fears away. She promised me that everything would be okay and she would stay glued to my side.

Jasmine shifts, trying to get comfortable in the rocking chair. She winces as she does and I walk over to take the baby from her.

"Are you in a lot of pain? I can go grab your medicine." I say as I cuddle Nevaeh to my chest. She takes a deep breath and I freeze, hoping she doesn't wake up when I place her in her crib.

Jasmine sits in the chair, tears leaking from her eyes.

"What's the matter baby?" I help her up from the chair and into my arms.

"I...I can't even...I can't even explain what I feel inside as I watch you with her, Knox." She stutters out before burying herself into my neck.

"I love you."

"I love you too."

Jasmine is my true soul mate. I thought I'd found that with Savanna but I was mistaken. I've let go of the past and moved on to bigger and better things. I've got my girls and that's all I'm worried about.

Summer and Rex are off and on. You never know from one day to the next, I stay away from that relationship. Hopefully they'll work it out sooner or later. Summer and I had a heart to heart while Jasmine and I were taking some time apart. I explained to her the story of my life and why Rex didn't say anything to her about it before. While I think she still hates me I know deep down inside that she doesn't or she wouldn't have let her best friend marry me.

Rhea and Tanner are married and expecting their first child any day now. They are still living in Myrtle Beach, a few houses down from ours.

Cade, where do I even start? He's still the same guy he was a few years ago, sleeping with a new girl almost every night. I'm surprised he hasn't caught anything or knocked someone up by now. I love the guy but damn.

Jeremy is having a hell of a time with getting custody of Ava, who is five now. That little girl is going to be some heartbreaker in a few years. Jeremy's ex got involved in some pretty heavy drugs and he doesn't want Ava growing up like that. I don't blame him; no one should have to grow up like that. So for now they are taking it one day at a time.

I help Jasmine back into our bedroom in our new brown stone that we purchased when we first got married. Neither of us wanted to live in an apartment any longer. Our house has four bedrooms and two baths with plenty of space for our growing family.

Jasmine leans against the bed looking exhausted. I stroll over to her and reach for the hem of her shirt. I pull it off and then help her take her yoga pants off. She's still recovering from the delivery and dealing with the pain but for some reason she refuses to take the pain pills. When she's down to her bra and panties I pull back the covers and help her in. I turn the monitor on so that we can hear and see our little girl while she rests. I take my clothes off and walk over to my side of the bed and climb in beside her.

Jasmine sighs as she burrows back against me. "I love you so much Knox, and that little girl too."

"We love you too. I told you we would find us one way or the other. We just needed to find our way."

Jasmine sniffles. Her hormones are all over the place since having Nevaeh. I run my fingertips up and down her arm in an attempt to comfort her.

My cell phone starts ringing.

"Who the hell is calling this late at night?" Jasmine asks as I fumble around until I get my phone out of my pants.

Unknown Number. I'm about ready to throw my phone back on the floor but answer it anyway in case it's something important.

"You have a collect call from...Jeremy...If you accept please push one, if you decline please push two and you will be disconnected."

"Jeremy?" I say as soon as I press one.

"Dude, I need you. I need you and Jas to take Ava for a few days."

"What the hell is going on? Where are you?" I sit up and start pulling my pants back on.

"I've only got two minutes and that's not enough time to explain everything. Just go to Rhea and Tanner's and pick up Ava." Jeremy curses. "Some f**king crack-head slapped Ava across her face. I went to go pick her a few hours ago and saw the hand print on her face. I f**king lost it dude."

"Fuck. Alright, alright, let me get Summer and Rex over here to help Jasmine and I'll be on my way."

"Thanks man."

"Yeah, I'll see you in a few hours."

I toss my phone on the bed and pull my shirt over my head. Jasmine is sitting in bed looking at me, waiting for me to explain what the hell is going on.

She loves Ava as much as our little girl and this is going to crush her but I need to prepare her for when I bring Ava back with me.

I grab my wallet from the nightstand and put it in my back pocket. "Jeremy's in jail. I have to go and get Ava." I watch as Jasmine's eyes tear up. We were all afraid that something was going to happen to her. "Someone hit her, Jas."

A tear falls down and I wipe it away with my thumb. "I know baby. I'm going to go get her and bring her back here. Can you call Summer and see if she'll come over? I don't want you alone."

She nods and reaches for her phone. She calls Summer and explains what going on.

"She'll be on her way soon." Jasmine gets up from the bed, slowly.

"Where are you going baby?" She really needs to get some rest.

"I just want to be closer to Nevaeh."

I understand the need for that. I want to wrap my little girl up and never let her go.

I grab my keys and help Jasmine lay down on the bed in the baby's room.

Jasmine is tucked in and sleeping before I leave to go help my best friend and my little niece. I hope that whatever is going on will work out for Jeremy so he can start finding happiness.

