Chapter 1

Conner

I remember the day I moved to North Carolina with my sister and my brother-in-law, who, by the way, I'd always considered a relative, until he actually married her. When it first happened, I couldn't get over the feeling of betrayal from both of them. I mean, I was in a real bad place in my life and they were like fuel to the fire. I don't know why, but I hated seeing them so happy and in love. If I had other choices, I would have moved anywhere else.

You see, I was in a bad way. Between the alcohol and even the drugs, I had lost my way and turned to parties and fast women to keep me company. My family stepped in just as things were really starting to get out of hand and gave me an ultimatum. I had to change my ways or they were going to cut me off.

My sister and Ty decided that it would be best if they got me away from everything that I was used to and moved me to another state, where they could help me get clean and keep an eye on me.

At first I hated it, in fact the first week I had considered just ending my life, or running away from everyone. I didn't have a lot of money saved up, but anything was better than being treated like a damn little kid. I think living with Ty made it even harder. It rubbed me the wrong way that he was married to my sister and raising her daughter as his own, but for him to be in charge of my day to day actions made me want to hurt him worse.

Looking back on everything, I saw that it was mostly the drugs making me so volatile with my feelings. I'd been in my share of southern brawls, but wanting to physically kill someone wasn't exactly something I was proud of admitting.

I knew the first week was going to be hard. Besides my sister and Ty, nobody knew how serious my addiction had become. I'd like to say that I quit cold turkey and it was easy, but that would have been a lie. Besides the sweats, the vomiting, the pain and the feeling like I was dying, all I could think about was taking another pill and making it all go away.

I don't remember the first two days very much, but I will never forget that third night. My sister was spending the day cleaning. I'd been kept up in my room for two days, so after finally taking a shower, I headed out into the barn with Ty. Of course he was hanging out alone, drinking a beer. I watched that bottle hit his mouth and found myself craving just a sip of it. I think that is when I actually admitted that I had an addiction. If I wanted to kick the drugs, I needed to stay away from the beer for at least a little while.

After shooting a few games of pool, I couldn't control my shaking any longer. My sister had stayed up with me for two nights and I knew I couldn't ask her to do it a third. She was pregnant and needed her rest. Once I reached my breaking point, I headed back to the house. My sister and an extremely cute red head were sitting in the living room talking. They both turned around and smiled as I came walking into the room. The red head looked like she'd been crying.

"Oh, this is him now. Conner, this is my boss and my friend Amy."

Now, at this point, sweat was running down my face and I felt like I was going to pass out. I can only imagine how f**king rough I looked. I held out my hand anyway. "Nice to meet you."

That woman looked up at me with bright blue eyes and I was taken back. I held her hand for an extra few seconds too long and right before she pulled away, I saw the large diamond ring on her finger. "Love the accent. Your sister tells me you're like a real cowboy."

I cocked my eyebrow and looked at my sister. Was she for real? Okay, I can play into this. "Let me know if you ever wanna ride." As their mouths both dropped, I walked out of the room laughing.

A few minutes later, my sister came barging into my room. I was sitting on my bed with my hands in my face. I knew it was her without even looking up. "Save it, Miranda, I'm not in the mood for your shit today. As you can tell, I'm havin' a real hard time here. Sorry if I offended your pretty little lady friend. I'm sure she can take her ass home to her husband and ask him to come beat my ass. I stood up and pushed my sister out of my room. Before I could shut the door, she put her foot in the way. As I slammed it, the sucker sprung back open. I shook my head and walked away, glad she was wearing shoes.

She got up in my face and pushed me down on the bed. "You listen here you little ass**le, this is my house and you will be respectful of anyone that I have come in here. You got it?"

"Screw you, Miranda. You couldn't even begin to understand the shit I'm goin' through." I waved my hand for her to exit. "Go back to your little girl thing and let me be."

She put her hands up in the air and started walking out of the room. "I don't know why I agreed to this! You're hopeless!"

Now that really pissed me off. Here I was trying to get clean and she couldn't even support that I wanted to be left alone. Thankfully, my phone started vibrating and I recognized the number as my one and only friend in the whole God forsaken town. I grabbed my jacket and headed out of the house, after getting a very dirty look from my sister.

Ty was outside and stopped me at my truck. "Where you headed?"

"To get some pu**y. Is that okay with you, or do I have to get permission from your wife?"

"Fuck you Conner; I hope that little redheaded bitch gives you Chlamydia and your dick falls off."

I started the truck and flipped him the finger as I pulled away. Just to be a dick, I rolled down the window when the truck got close to him. "You're just jealous cause I can hit whatever I want."

I pulled out of there before he could say anything. I probably shouldn't have been driving, but my sister refused to let Brina in the house. For the first two days, she'd been a good friend, but I knew she was getting to a point where she was expecting more from me, which was something I wasn't interested in.

I met Brina, because she and Van used to be friends, but since she'd gotten married and moved to Kentucky with my cousin, they weren't really close. It worked better for me, because I didn't want anyone knowing my business. Another reason I liked Brina was because she knew how to have a good time. In fact, she jumped out of her car, took one look at me, and dug into her little purse. Without even saying a word, she put the pill on her tongue and pulled me in for a kiss. I felt her tongue brush over mine and drop the pill. As her mouth left mine, she handed me a bottle of soda.

"You ready to party, Cowboy?" She grabbed my hand and pulled me up against her body.

I ran my hand through her natural red hair. "You're a bad influence."

She teased me with her tongue. "You never complain."

From the moment I swallowed that pill, I knew it was a mistake. Brina was the last thing I needed, and I knew exactly what would happen if I came out to see her. We always met at this barn outside of town. We'd f**k for a while and then go our separate ways. Unfortunately, that one pill had me all sorts of messed up and even after a few hours, I was in no shape to drive myself home. I honestly don't even remember f**king the little ginger, but I'm sure it happened. It wasn't like she was an unforgettable lay. She was alright, but nothing to write home to Momma about. The more I was with her, the more she became clingy. I was starting to wonder if women who just wanted a good time didn't really exist. At first they were cool, but every damn one ended wanting something more.

By the time we got home everyone was asleep. I snuck Brina back into my bedroom and gave her some clothes to change into. Of course, for the rest of the night as I lay there high as a kite, she kept trying to cuddle with me.

I didn't cuddle.

Ever!

I had planned on waking up early the next morning and getting Brina out of the house, before anyone knew she was there, but I knew that plan went to shit when Ty came barging in my bedroom and Brina wasn't in the bed beside me.

He spoke in a whisper. "Get that bitch out of my f**king house."

"Calm down! She ain't stayin'. I needed her to ride me home last night, that's all."

I went to get up to take a piss, but Ty blocked the door. "Why would you need a ride home?"

"None of your damn business, Ty, now get the f**k out of my way."

He pushed me back into my room and on my bed. I started to get up to go after him, but my sister jumped in between us. "If you don't get that slut out of my house right now, I swear to God that I am calling Mom and telling her everything. Then I'll be shipping your ass back home to deal with her."

I held up my hands. "Fine!"

That was the last thing that I wanted, so I pulled on some jeans and took Brina home. I know my sister or Ty must have said something to her, because she never spoke to me the whole way, even when she jumped out to leave.

I waited for her to pull out of the lot before I headed home. Brina was bad news and if I wanted to stay, I need to get my shit straight. When I got back to the farm, I'd already decided I wasn't going to see her anymore. She only cared about herself and as much as I hated not having any real friends, I didn't need one like her.

I avoided my sister and Ty for the rest of the day, but as the sun started to set, I was feening for another pill. I don't know how many times I pulled out my phone and started to dial her number, or even considered sneaking in the medicine cabinets in the main farm house to see if there was any pain medication left over. I know, I was really desperate, but I needed it.

Thankfully, Harvey found me in the barn and hung out with me for the rest of the day. My sister waited for me to come in to go to bed and after another one of her lectures, where she cried and I listened, I promised that I would stop for good.

I did good for the next week and found if I kept myself busy, I didn't think about it as much. I busted my ass every day, so that when it was time to quit, I would pass out from exhaustion.

They say that addicts can mentally create ailments giving them an excuse to start using again. I don't know whether it was all in my head or not, but my back was killing me and I knew a Tylenol wasn't going to cut it.

Unfortunately, that little redhead was sitting in the living room when I came out from my shower and my sister was hugging her as she cried. "Just stay here tonight. He won't come looking for you and if he does, Ty will hide your car in the barn and he won't even know you're here."

I grabbed an apple and leaned against the counter. Miranda's friend, Amy, was a hottie. Her hair was dyed red and even though it was up in some kind of messy bun, it looked sexy. She had a face full of tears, but I couldn't stop staring at her.

Ty walked into the kitchen and saw what I was looking at. "Dude, don't even think about it. Not only is she married, but the guy is a complete drunk. Just stay away from that shit, man."

"Why doesn't she just leave? Obviously, she ain't happy."

"Look, she is your sister's best friend here. Please just stay away from Amy. I see you looking. You need to stop focusing on pu**y and concentrate on getting yourself straight. I had to fight your sister to get you to stay here. Please, Conner, just kick the habit. She loves you so much."

I kept looking over at Amy. From the angle that she sat, she couldn't see me watching her. Ty kicked me in the back of the leg. "Dude, she's like thirty and not your type. She doesn't want anything to do with guys like you. Don't bother."

"Guys like me?"

"I guess you're forgetting the day you met her? She thinks you are a cocky son of a bitch with a hair up his ass. You don't have a damn chance in hell, so just give up!"

I gave him a dirty look and walked away. I didn't care how old the chick was, she was hot and the fact that she was off limits made it even better. I loved a challenge and I already knew how I was going to get a little closer to a piece of that pie.

Chapter 2

Amy

It had become apparent that all men were total douche bags. I'd spent the past seven years with a man who had gone from perfect to The-Incredible-Scum-of-the-World-Hulk. My husband, Rick, drove a truck for a living and was only home three to four days a week. When he wasn't home, I had to take care of his seventeen year old daughter, who wasn't exactly a peach to be around. Aside from running my own beauty salon, taking care of a house and a moody teenager, I didn't really have much time for anything else.

Miranda was pretty much my only friend, with the exception of a few close clients, and even she didn't know the whole truth about my marriage. The first year was great. Rick and I did a lot together. He helped me start up the salon and even fronted me all the money for it. At the time, he worked for a big mill right outside of town, but layoffs started happening and the next thing we knew, he was out of work. To bide his time, he turned to alcohol. It would have been nice for him to pick up the house or make a few meals, but instead he laid around on the couch until I would get home and bitch that dinner wasn't ready at five.

I felt bad for his daughter. She was innocent in the beginning, and at first, I really tried to keep the problems away from her, but as time passed, he became more addicted to the binge drinking and there was no way to shield anyone from his wrath.

I tried to leave him once a few years back and that is when the physical abuse happened for the first time. You see, I was used to him verbally abusing me; in fact, he often did it. It made him proud to be able to talk to me like I was a piece of shit. It used to hurt me so much, to a point where I truly believed that I was worthless. It pushed me to work harder, in hopes that someday I would be able to have his love again.

I don't know how many nights I laid in my bed praying that he would stop drinking. When he was sober, he was the nicest guy. I tried to explain to him one night how he got and he brushed it off, saying I was exaggerating. I didn't know what to do. I wanted to leave, but knew his name was on my salon. I knew if I tried to leave him, I would lose everything. It was easier for me to just learn to obey him, just so I didn't have to hear him bitch at me.

For a while, things were better. He'd slowed his drinking down and even went out and took the test to drive tractor trailers. He even seemed excited and promised that our lives were going to be different. At first they were. In fact, for the first six months, he was a changed man. When he went out on the road, he would bring me home flowers and take me out places. Our sex life became so much better and I fell back in love with him completely.

That was until one afternoon when he'd asked me to help him clean out his truck.

His favorite football team had lost to their rivals and he'd drank himself into a stupor. To avoid him being angry at me later, I decided to go ahead and clean his truck without his help. I figured that he would praise me and be grateful for me doing something like that for him. I had no idea there were things he was keeping from me.

The first pair of panties were a shocker, but after I'd found two more, I couldn't contain the hurt I felt. I'd never been betrayed like that. I don't know how long I sat out in the cabin of that truck crying. To make matters worse, I also found an entire box of p**n o tapes and several used condoms that were wrapped in tissues.

I didn't know what to say. He'd been drinking and I didn't want the old Rick to come back. Of course, once he woke up, I couldn't hold in my anger. I brought him the pile of things I found in his truck and he went off on me. The first slap caught me off guard and sent me falling into a chair. As I held my hand over my stinging face, he came at me again, this time grabbing me by the wrist and throwing me down on the ground. The pain of him doing that couldn't compare to the things he was saying. "Poor little Amy. What did you think? Did you think I was just going to turn down the pu**y? Did you think that I was actually missing you when I was on the road for days at a time? Fuck you, you little worthless piece of trailer trash. Without me you have nothing."

He went on and on until I grabbed my keys and went running out of the house. He was right about one thing, I had nothing without him. Before meeting Rick, I'd run my credit through the mud and was left with not being able to finance anything. My company was in his name as well as my bank accounts. There was no way for me to get out from under him without sneaking around.

My drive to Miranda's seemed to take forever, but once I got there, I finally felt like I was safe. She met me at the door and wrapped her arms around me. "Are you okay?"

"I'm better now."

She sat me down on the couch and got me some tissues. "You want to talk about it?"

I noticed Ty and Bella were running around playing and had to smile at them. I'd wanted kids ever since I was little, but it never happened for Rick and I, even after years of trying. He never seemed to mind since he already had a daughter, but it never filled that void for me.

Shelby was a cute girl, but she had little respect for adults. Miranda had let her babysit once and Bella had drawn all over their walls. I felt horrible over it. Much to my surprise, they laughed it off.

They were good people like that. I admired their relationship so much. The love that Ty felt for Miranda was something I longed to feel. He did little things for her all of the time and always put her on a pedestal. Our town was small and everyone knew everyone, in fact, I'd been cutting Savanna's and Ty's mother's hair since the salon opened. She'd told me all about the breakup and how her daughter had moved to Kentucky to marry Ty's cousin. It sounded crazy until I met all of them. Those four were so close, it was almost unbelievable. They were a strong family with huge hearts and I admired them so much.

Growing up, I had one brother and a sister. They were both more than five years older than me. My parents divorced when I turned thirteen and it led to a downward spiral. I started sneaking out and hanging out with the older crowds. I lost my virginity at fourteen to a guy that was twenty one. I'd put on makeup and lowered my shirt just enough to fool everyone into thinking I was eighteen. It was stupid and at first I regretted it, but as the time passed, I found that the parties kept my mind away from my shitty home life.

My parents went from being madly in love, to hating each other. My mother turned around and got married one month after her divorce was finalized, while my father reverted to sleeping with girls that weren't much older than me. Since he owned the local hardware store a town over, I knew I had to get the hell out of dodge if I ever wanted to feel free. When I turned seventeen, I ran off to Vegas with this guy I barely knew. He was twenty three and running from the law.

I didn't know it at the time, but he had been in a bar fight and was wanted for stabbing someone in the parking lot and robbing them. Once we were out of the state, I had no idea it ever happened until I came back.

When we first got to Vegas it was amazing. We found a little motel to live out of and both of us found jobs. Since I was too young to gamble, I managed to save most of what I made, but my boyfriend, Chase, turned to spending his money on drugs and then finally hookers. I will never forget the night he brought one back to our hotel. He was stoned out of his mind and pulled a knife on me. I was so astonished that I couldn't believe it was really happening.

His breath smelled of liquor and vomit as he shoved his face against mine and told me I had to take my clothes off and be with the dirty half-dressed skank standing across from me. I did what I had to do to survive.

That next morning, I was on a bus on my way home. Since I wasn't in love with Chase, it really didn't hurt me at all. I was more angry at myself than anything.

My mother disowned me for what I'd done, but my father was more forgiving. In that year, he had settled down with a woman who was in her thirties and they were expecting a child together. He seemed happy and I just wanted something solid in my life, so it was easy to accept her.

Unfortunately, after giving birth to their son, and being married for only two years, she died of breast cancer. My father told me she was one of those people that just refused to go to the doctors. By the time she found the lump, it had spread throughout her body.

With a small boy to raise by himself, my father went looking for a new wife immediately. This time around, he settled for a woman from church that he'd already known for a while. She had a boy the same age and together they made things work. I'm still not really sure if they are actually in love with each other, but they make each other happy.

Following my move home, my father made me work in the hardware store. He agreed to pay for cosmetology school if I promised to stick with it. I felt so bad for being irresponsible that I put all of my focus on getting my license. I'll never forget the day I graduated. It was pouring down rain, like the kind of rain where you have to pull over your car because visibility is so bad. My hard headed father had insisted on keeping the store open until the last minute and then coming to my ceremony. He showed up a half hour after I got my certificate completely drenched and looking like a wet dog, with a hand full of flowers. My father was a hard man. He didn't offer hugs or supportive talks, but I knew somewhere inside of that armor, he loved me very much.

Unfortunately, his attitude toward me after I got my license to cut hair never changed. I'd gotten a job at a hair salon outside of town right away, but wasn't making very much money. When I got home at night, he would expect me to still help out. I didn't like answering to his new wife and helping watch my little half-brother or her son. I should have just listened and did my share, but I was rebellious and wouldn't let either of them get the final word in. I started going out after work and only going home once I knew he was in bed.

My little plan worked for a while, except after time, I began to party a bit too much. Several times I woke up and didn't know how I got where I was, or even where I was at all. That's when I met Rick. He was older by six years, but didn't look it. I think I fell in love with him the first time I saw him. He had blonde hair and blue eyes, was around six foot three and had huge muscular arms.

We met at a bar that was doing line dancing. He watched me from across the room for over an hour before speaking to me, and when he finally did, I couldn't control my lust for him. For someone that was trying to be responsible, I'd done the opposite and ended up sleeping with him in the back of his truck outside of the bar.

We were hot and heavy for the next six months until my furious father demanded that I be more responsible. He hated Rick and begged me to stay away from him.

That just pushed me right into his arms faster. Without my father's blessing, I ran off and married Rick the next week.

After that my father disowned me.

So here I was, sitting on Miranda and Ty's couch, with bruises all over my body, just hoping they didn't notice. After begging me to tell her what happened and feeling like I wanted to just walk out the door, in comes the hottest thing I had ever seen in my entire life. The man that walked in was wearing a backwards hat with a freaking tractor on it, no shirt and a dirty pair of jeans. A six pack wouldn't have even begun to describe this man's chiseled body. It was more like a twelve pack that I couldn't help but want to touch. His skin was tan with random tattoos all over it, and as he got closer, I saw the most beautiful light colored eyes I'd ever seen. I knew who this guy was. She'd talked about him from the first day I'd met her, but I had no idea he looked the way he did. I had to focus to try not to let him see me drooling over him.

With a straw half chewed hanging out of his mouth, he approached us. Miranda cleared her throat and looked worried, but smiled anyway. "Oh, this is him now. Conner, this is my boss and my friend Amy."

"Nice to meet you." Oh my God!

It was hard to not hyperventilate. I felt like I was meeting a celebrity instead of a normal person. His southern drawl made me want to scream like a girl seeing a boy band. "Love the accent. Your sister tells me you're like a real cowboy."

He cocked his eyebrow and looked at Miranda then finally back to me. "Let me know if you ever wanna ride."

I just sat there stunned that he'd said something like that to me. He had to know I was married. Who says something like that when you first meet someone?

Miranda started screaming at her brother, enough for him to leave the room. I left a short while afterwards for several reasons. The first being that I thought her brother was the biggest ass**le I had ever met in my life and also because I was worried Rick would come looking for me. I knew they offered to hide my car, but I was still too scared to involve them.

Going home was a mistake. He didn't hit me again, but I was called every name in the book before he finally fell asleep on the couch. His daughter, Shelby, left to stay with a friend as I laid in my room balling. Sometime in the middle of the night, I felt arms wrapping around me and bad breath kissing all over my face. I was afraid that if I fought him, he would hurt me, so I let him have his way with me. It felt like it took forever and when it was finally over, I went in the bathroom and cried some more.

He left that next day and when he came home after his run, everything calmed down again. Weeks passed and nothing bad happened. Just to be safe, I started hiding money, setting myself up for some kind of escape plan in case it did happen again.

A while later, I came home from work and he was there waiting for me. He came at me, accusing me of cheating on him. I knew it was ridiculous, but it didn't matter. He got three good swings in before his daughter walked into the room. He stopped when he saw her and I took it as a way to get out of the house. We went grocery shopping and when I got back to the house, he was passed out.

My step daughter went to her friends, while I drove as fast as I could to Miranda's house. There was no way I was going to be alone all night with him. I was starting to be afraid for my life and I didn't have enough money to disappear.

Since it was already dark, Ty and Miranda were getting settled in for the evening. I was a wreck and Miranda did her best to comfort me, but I knew she was tired. When her brother came in looking like death, I refused to look at him at first, but as the time passed, I pulled Miranda to the side. Her brother needed someone to keep him straight and I needed something to keep my mind off of Rick. "I will stay up with him."

"I can't ask you to do that. He is a mess."

I insisted. "It's fine."

"I know you think he's an ass." She was right, I did.

"It doesn't matter. You're my best friend. I love you and I will help your brother. The worst he can do is hit on me and I have no interest in someone like him. Just go get some rest."

I watched her walk into her bedroom and shut the door before I turned around and saw Conner staring at me on the couch.

Chapter 3

Conner

I shouldn't have let someone like Brina talk me into taking another pill, because I had to go through the withdrawals all over again. To make matters worse, Miranda's friend was over and appeared to be staying the night. I tried to go into my room and stay out of their way, but I started feeling so bad that I needed to be around someone.

At first my sister wanted to stay up with me, but for some reason, her friend, that I was a total ass to, insisted that she would stay up with me. I had nothing to say to the woman, but there she was, just trying to be nice, even though her life was obviously a mess.

With the television on, it was easy to avoid conversation at first. Miranda had gotten us both a cup of hot tea before she headed off to bed. We talked about what we were watching, but never about each other and I just wasn't in the mood to be my normal cocky self. Between the jitters and the feeling like I could vomit at any second, I was just trying to keep my composure.

As the night progressed and television got raunchier, Amy seemed anxious. She got up to go to the bathroom and when she came back she sat further away from me. Some romance show was on and to be honest I wasn't paying it any mind. Her sudden movement caught me off guard. I'd like to say that it was me being irritable, but she really just rubbed me the wrong way all together. "I won't bite you know."

She turned to face me and smiled without showing her teeth. "I find that hard to believe."

I leaned over and grabbed a blanket, tossing her an end. "It gets chilly in this room at night. Hope you don't mind sharin'."

Amy refused to cover even her feet up. "I'm fine, thanks anyway." She stared at the television instead of making eye contact with me.

"Suit yourself! So, I reckon you had another fight with the hubby?" I needed to get my mind off of wanting to take a damn pill. I was prepared to talk about flowers and rainbows if it helped me stay grounded.

"That's none of your business." She looked at me for only a moment and when she did, I couldn't help but smile at her again. She was a beautiful girl.

"You don't have to get all snappy. I was just tryin' to be nice and talk to ya."

She put her head down and shook her head. "Sorry, you're right. I just don't even know what is going on right now. My life is a train wreck."

"Lady, my life is the train wreck."

She turned her body while still at the opposite side of the couch, so that she was facing me. "I know you're having a rough time. I've been around people trying to get clean. How long since you took a pill?

I could have been a real dick and walked back in my room. Miranda shouldn't have told this woman my business. "Talk about somethin' else. No disrespect, but I can't talk about it right now."

She pulled her legs up to her chest and I could see the bruises on her arms. "Sorry."

I pointed to her arms. "He give you those?"

She took her shirt and covered up the marks. "Maybe we shouldn't talk about that either."

I tried to smile, but ended up squinting up my face. "Yeah, you really don't want my opinion on that."

"Well since I don't want to talk about my marriage and you don't want to talk about your problem and neither one of us wants to go to sleep, what would you like to talk about?" She hugged her knees and finally looked my way again.

"Do you have any family?" It was a simple question that I felt was pretty safe to ask.

She put her head down again. "I have family but not really anyone I can turn to. My mother disowned me out of high school and my father did the same once Rick came into the picture. He's remarried and raising a son, so he doesn't have time for my bullshit. He lives a couple towns over and runs a hardware store. To be honest, he hasn't made an attempt to contact me in a few years now. To say I disappointed him would be an understatement. My older brother and sister live out of state with their families. They are both in the military and move from place to place. I haven't seen them in years. I don't even know their phone numbers."

Obviously I sucked at asking questions. "Sorry to hear that. I honestly don't know where I'd be without my family. It isn't huge, but we're all very close. Holidays are always a real big deal. I'm surprised Miranda hasn't invited you to Kentucky before."

She shrugged her shoulders and looked sad again. "Saying this out loud is going to sound worse than it is, but I don't think Rick would let me go."

I leaned into her and rested my elbows on my knees. "Look, I don't know nothin' about bein' married, but I do know that you're your own person and that shit ain't right. If you want to see the world, well your pretty little self should be able to."

She became defensive and I knew it was because she knew I was right. "He has a daughter that I take care of."

"How old is this daughter?"

"Seventeen."

I stood up to grab something to drink out of the kitchen. "She's plenty old enough to take care of herself." I turned around to ask if she wanted something and she was standing behind me, bumping into me. My hands grabbed her elbows and steadied her back. "Do you need somethin'?"

She stared right at me for a second and then finally pulled away from my fingertips. "Sorry, I was thirsty."

I took another step toward her and pushed the hair away from her cheek. "Is that all you want?"

She backed away from my hand and sat down on the other side of the breakfast bar. "Yes, just the drink."

I handed her an ice tea and leaned across from her. "I don't bite, well only if I'm asked to and I can assure you, it would be something you couldn't get enough of."

She turned around, jumping off the stool and walked back into the living room without saying anything. I took my time going back, in order for my words to sink in. The woman wouldn't stop staring at me; I could tell she was attracted to me. She clearly needed a good f**king and I'd give it to her, if she'd just ask. I plopped down beside her, but kept enough distance to make her look over. I noticed she was rubbing her feet and I looked down at them. Her little white socks made her feet look even smaller than they were. Without her permission, I grabbed one of them. She pulled back at first. I reached over and grabbed it again. "It's just a foot, woman. If I was tryin' to seduce you, you'd know it. I can promise you that."

"I don't like to be touched."

She didn't like to get the shit beat out of her, there was a huge difference. I pulled her foot back into my grip and stared massaging it. "Will you just relax? I need to do something to keep my mind off of things. Just close your eyes and enjoy it."

"You don't have to do this. I mean, it's kind of personal don't you think?"

After a couple minutes, I stopped and she lifted her head. "Just switching feet. Lay your head back down and stop worryin'. My sister loves it when I do this to her." I wanted her to feel comfortable, even though Ty was the one who rubbed his wife's feet.

While her head was back and her eyes were closed, I took in her perfect body. There wasn't an inch of it that I didn't want to touch. I rubbed her foot harder, just imagining her naked and feeling my erection growing in my pants. She had puffy lips that I wanted to taste and I licked my lips just thinking about them. There were plenty girls out there and none of them had ever told me no, but this one was different. I wanted the challenge of it. I wanted to f**k the shit out of her.

Once I finished, she sat up abruptly and pulled her legs back into her chest. "Thank you."

I held my hands up. "Anytime. You can call me whenever you need a good rubbin'." I loaded the answer and she caught on right away.

"Do you always do that?"

I cocked my eyebrow, like I didn't know exactly what she meant. "Do what?"

"I can tell you now; it's never going to happen. Your sister told me how you think you're God's greatest gift to women. Even if I was interested in dating, it wouldn't be with someone like you, Conner. We can be friends, but that's all it will ever be."

Is that so? Challenge accepted.

I started laughing and moved over until my face was within inches of hers. She tried to back away, but couldn't go any further. I knew she felt afraid, so I stared at her mouth while I spoke. I took my finger and ran it across her lips. She closed her eyes when I did it, making me smile. "Oh, you'll want me; in fact, I guarantee you'll be beggin' me to f**k you."

Amy looked up into my eyes and pushed herself off the couch. "You're an ass**le. I was trying to be nice to you tonight, but obviously, even at your worst, you still think you're some amazing prize. I'd rather go home than deal with the likes of you, Conner Healy."

Amy walked over to the door and started putting on her jacket. I walked in front of the door and grabbed her arm. I couldn't help but start laughing. "Darlin' take off your coat. I'm not goin' to ever touch you unless you ask me to. You have nothin' to worry about. Besides, I never once said I wanted you. You came here to be safe, so I'll go back in my room and give you privacy. See you around."

I left her just standing there, letting everything I said simmer in her little head. There was no doubt in my mind that I'd have her. Something was telling me, she would be so worth the wait.

When I woke up the next morning, Amy was gone. I'd gotten a few curious looks from my sister, but she never really said too much to make me think Amy told her the things I said.

The next week was a rough one for me. I didn't talk much to anyone in the family, unless it had to do with the farm. I kept myself busy and only came in when it got dark. I liked living with Ty and Miranda because I wasn't ever alone. We got involved with a billiards league and shot out of one local bar. After a while, I found that I could drink in moderation and not crave any other substance for a good time. I'm not going to say that the cravings were totally gone, but they were manageable.

Since my sister was pregnant and super moody, she and Ty didn't come to pool league every week. On those nights, it was better that I didn't drink much at all. We'd shot all of our matches and most of the players had left for the night. The bartender was a nice girl that I knew had been wanting to see my package for quite a while. As the few last patrons cleared out, I caught her giving me looks several times. Suddenly realizing that it was probably going to happen, I remembered that my truck was a f**king mess. I leaned over the bar. "Be right back, doll." I threw her a wink as I walked out of the bar. Just to be on the safe side, I kept condoms in my truck. I was all too familiar with stupid bitches that just wanted to trap a guy by telling him she was on the pill when she wasn't. Plus, I always had this fear of sleeping with some chick that Ty had already hit, and I wasn't for the whole full circle thing.

I opened my truck on the passenger side and noticed the fast food bags and the trash all over the floor. Normally, my truck was pristine, but I hadn't been myself lately. I grabbed one of the bigger bags and started throwing all the shit in it. By the time I had everything out of the truck, I reached behind the seat and grabbed cleaner wipes to make sure the leather was perfect. Finally satisfied, I started to walk back into the bar, but realized I had to take a piss. Instead of going inside, I headed toward the side of the building to relieve myself.

I could hear the woman, before I even spotted the car. To make matters worse, I recognized the car right away. A redhead sat in the front seat. She was leaning against her steering wheel with a cigarette hanging out of the window. I knew she didn't hear me approaching, so I slowly knocked on her window. She jumped and screamed, dropping the cigarette to the ground. I held my hands up in the air. "It's just me, Amy."

She was hysterically crying. "Just what I need. Please just leave me alone."

The car was dark and she wouldn't look over at me. I grabbed the car door and opened it before she could lock it. When she turned to look at me, I was shocked at what I saw. Her lip was busted and her eye was swollen. I crouched down and pulled her chin toward me. "Jesus Christ! Did he do this to you?"

She pulled away from my touch. "Please just go. I'll be fine. I just wanted to be alone."

I looked around the parking lot. Aside from my truck and the bartender's car on the other side of the building, she was all alone. If her bastard husband did this to her face, there was no telling what else he had done. I clenched my fists just imagining a guy beating on a woman. "Amy, get out of the car."

She shook her head.

"I'm not askin', I'm tellin' ya. Get out of the f**kin' car now."

She shook her head again. "Conner, I can't let Miranda see me like this. Please just go. I don't want anyone to know. You have to promise me you won't tell her. Please promise me."

I knew that pulling her out of the car would have been too violent after what she'd been through, so I extended my hand out toward her. "I promise you will be safe and I won't take you to the farm. Just trust me."

She covered her face with her hands. "You're the last person that I'll trust."

"God. Damn. It. woman, get out of the car. This has nothin' to do with me. You need to go somewhere and get yourself cleaned up where you can be safe. Just come with me. I promise I won't touch you. I just can't leave you here like this. It ain't f**kin' right."

I think she knew I wasn't going to leave. With no more arguing, she climbed out of the car and grabbed her purse. I heard her hit the lock button on her car before following me to my truck. Once I got Amy in, I noticed the bartender giving me a dirty look as she headed to her own car. There goes that piece of ass.

Amy didn't waste any time asking where we were going. "Tell me where you're taking me?"

I pulled off the main road and headed out of town. "Someplace safe for the night. Don't argue with me about it." She started to cry again and for some damn reason I reached over and covered the back of her hand with my own. "You're safe now." I moved my hand away before she could say anything. Her cries finally started to calm a little and she didn't argue when I pulled into a motel. "Stay here and keep the doors locked. I'm goin' to get us a couple of rooms to stay in for the night."

She grabbed my hand before I could climb out. Her faced looked so bad against the florescent light of the vacancy sign. "Conner, I'll pay you back for this."

Maybe one day you can pay me back with your body.

"That ain't necessary. Be right back."

The little pervert at the front desk said there was only one available room, so I paid him and got the key. Amy wasn't going to be thrilled, but there was no way I was going to leave her alone all night. She climbed out of the truck to meet me and we walked to the door with the number four on it. "Don't get mad, but he only had one room to rent. I swear I ain't goin' to touch you, but I can't leave you here all alone. Is this goin' to be a problem?"

She walked into the room and dropped her bag. I saw what she was looking at.

One bed.

"I'll sleep on the floor."

She smiled and sat down on the bed, while I walked toward the bathroom to grab some rags and the ice bucket. Once she got situated, I went back to the truck and grabbed my overnight bag I still had in the back. For a while, I didn't know whether I'd be spending the night with Brina in some random place. I knew there was at least one clean shirt in there that Amy could put on. When I got back with the bag and the ice, she was laying on a pillow crying again. I sat down beside her and watched as she turned around. I gently touched my fingers to her eye and then handed her a towel with ice wrapped in it. "Put this on your eye to keep it from swelling any worse. I had this bag in the truck. Help yourself to some clothes to sleep in. I don't know if you noticed, but your shirt is ripped in the back and I know you don't want to sleep in those jeans."

"Why are you helping me?"

"I was taught to never lay a hand on a female. I don't know your so called husband, but in my opinion, he's a real piece of shit. I'd hate myself for not helpin' you. My sister loves you and I know she would want me to do this."

And I still want the chance to f**k you some day.

Chapter 4

Amy

How had I let myself get to where I was? Just when I had the slightest bit of hope that things were going to be okay, Rick walked into the house and started tossing me around like I was a ragdoll. Apparently, he had gotten a fine for not resting in between drives. I have no idea how it had become my fault, but he claimed that he was so worried about my cheating ways that he was trying to finish sooner and get home to catch me in the act.

I tried to defend myself, but he was so much bigger than me. Before I knew it, I was crashing down to the floor in terrible pain. He continued to kick me in my side and stomach until walking away and turning on the television like he'd never done anything wrong.

I don't know how long I laid balled up in that corner, but when I heard him snoring, I grabbed my keys and never looked back. I was sure that I would never be discovered behind that building. I considered going to the salon, but that would be the first place he came looking for me.

The last person I expected to see was that ass**le Conner and more so was the fact that he was offering to keep me safe. Since I'd just gotten the shit beat out of me, it wasn't hard for him to convince me to go with him. I was more upset with Miranda finding out than Conner seeing what Rick had done.

The motel had one bed and it was the last place I'd ever want to be, but made me feel the safest once Conner was sitting there next to me. I couldn't help but let the tears fall. If I wanted to get away from Rick, I knew I'd have to leave my whole life and career behind me. I had to go somewhere that he couldn't find me and to do that I needed money, which I didn't have enough of.

I finally got my sobs down to a few sniffles. "Thank you for this Conner."

He pulled the ice rag away from my face. "Don't mention it. Is there anything I can do? I think I have some Tylenol in the truck. Why don't you get yourself cleaned up while I go get it?" He held his hands up like he was surrendering then crossed his heart with one hand. "I promise that I won't try anything. All pun aside; this ain't the place for anything like that. Just try to relax now that you're safe."

I watched Conner walk out of the motel room before I got up and walked into the bathroom. Nothing could have prepared me for the way my face looked. Rick didn't aim low and the proof was apparent. There was no concealing these injuries. I went through Conner's bag and noticed that he even had toiletries, not that I needed his toothbrush or men's deodorant.

I jumped when I heard the door opening and peeked around the corner to see Conner. He had two cans of soda and a bottle of medicine. "You alright?"

"Yeah, just making sure it was you." I moved back in the bathroom and closed the door to change my shirt. I grabbed the first t-shirt that I could find and slipped it over my head. My arms hurt so much, but not more than my sides. I was taken aback by the smell of the shirt. Although it was freshly laundered, it still had a hint of some kind of cologne. I recognized it immediately from being around him before. I picked up the collar and smelled it again, just as Conner walked in front of the door.

"Does it smell bad?" I was so embarrassed.

"No, the cologne is nice."

He handed me the medication and a soda with a half-smile across his face. "Take these before the pain gets worse."

"Are you a pro at getting beaten up? Are you some kind of boxer?" I had to know more about him, even if I secretly hated him, I just had to know. Besides, talking about anything was better than discussing me.

He started laughing as he walked away. "Nope, not a boxer."

"So you got beat up a lot?"

I sat down on the bed beside him, making sure to take my time so it didn't hurt so much. He slid down on the floor in front of me and placed his hands on my knees, making me very nervous. "Hold still." His large hand got a hold of the edge of my shirt and lifted it up to reveal my skin. My body began shaking and it wasn't from being cold. I was afraid to be touched. I closed my eyes, because I knew what he was looking for. When I opened them again, he was looking right at me with an angry look on his face. "Take off your shirt."

I pushed him away. "Screw you!"

He sat back up and shook his head. "Dammit woman, do you want to stop breathing because you punctured a freakin' lung? Let me see the damage. I can promise you that I've seen my share of naked women and have no interest in having sex with you."

That hurt! I didn't want him, but that really hurt to hear.

"You're an ass**le." I lifted my shirt a little further up. He was telling the truth as he guided me to lay down on the bed and started tracing his fingers around my bruises.

He laughed at my comment, but continued to look at my skin. "I was the youngest of the cousins. When we were younger, I was always the guinea pig. I got beat up from doin' stupid shit more times that I can count. I fell out of a tree one time and broke a couple ribs. Another time I fell off a horse. They had to take me to the hospital because when I went to go to bed I turned a certain way and I couldn't breathe right. I was just makin' sure that you were alright, darlin."

I could smell the cologne as he touched me and even though he was fully clothed, I could see the form of his hot ass body underneath. As his fingers continued to trail over my sensitive skin, the goosebumps covered my body. I knew he could see them forming, but he said nothing. I took my shirt and pulled it back down. 'I'm fine. Thanks for checking, though."

He sat down in front of me and shook his head. "I ain't all bad, you know."

"You ain't all good either." I mocked him.

"That's not what I've been told."

I hated his cocky ass. Who really believes they are that good?

"Good thing I never care to find out."

He reached over and grabbed my hand, playing with my wedding ring and looked into my eyes again. His green eyes were hypnotizing me. "Good thing you have this, cause it's the only thing keepin' me from provin' it."

I made my way slowly to the top of the bed and crawled under the covers, while Conner sat on the floor watching me. "You may as well talk to yourself, because I've had enough of the 'Conner is Awesome show' for the night." I leaned over and turned out the light, getting myself comfortable to try and go to sleep. As soon as I did it, I realized that I'd stopped crying and had almost forgotten what had gotten me here. I sat straight up and saw Conner sitting in the same spot on the floor. When he smiled at me and waved, I rolled my eyes and laid back down.

I wasn't about to thank someone who was being so cocky. He didn't need praise; he needed to be kicked in the balls.

Of course, I laid there awake, replaying the whole night in my mind. I'd done nothing to provoke this new beat down that I received and as much as I wanted things to be better, they were getting worse by the second. I needed to save more money before he put me in the hospital. I needed to talk to my father and see if he would help me if I had to leave in a hurry.

I felt the mattress and turned to see Conner climbing in the bed beside me. "What are you doing?"

"I'm tired and the floors no good for my back. I won't touch you, so don't get yourself in a tizzy."

I hated that he wasn't interested at all. I mean, I know I was married, but every woman wants to feel wanted, even if they wouldn't act on it. "Fine! Don't you dare touch me, Conner. You stay on your side of the bed."

"No problem, Blaze."

"Blaze?"

He laughed and I watched him in the dim lit room pulling his shirt over his head. Oh my God he was built like a model and my nostrils filled with the sweet scent of him. I could see his white teeth smiling at me as he caught my stare. "You're like a ball of fire. I think Blaze is appropriate." He looked down at me. "See something you like?"

"No! I see a shallow prick, though."

He laughed before turning the other way and covering up. "Would a shallow prick save you from sleeping in your car? Would he make sure you were safe and stay with you so you could actually get a good night's sleep?"

"I would have said no, until I met you." I wanted to smack him, but I was thoroughly enjoying looking at his tattooed muscular body.

He caught me off guard when he turned around and came face to face with me. "Amy, you don't know me. You think you do, but you don't. You can call me whatever you want, but I guarantee you that everything I say is the truth. Unless you want to take a ride on my love train, I think it's best you stop calling me names."

"Did you just say love train? Jesus, I am in bed with a male gigolo. This is the reason I got the shit beat out of me."

I went to roll over, but Conner grabbed my arm and held it. "There ain't no reason that son of a bitch put a hand on you. Even if you were having some hot affair, it still ain't a reason. He should have just taken it up with the guy involved."

A hot affair? Not in my lifetime...

"There's no other man. I've never had an affair. In fact, he's the one that cheated. According to him, there isn't anyone that would want a piece of shit like me."

He still had his hand on my arm and slowly sat it down in front of me. I was taken back when he leaned his body over mine to reach over to turn on the light. His skin brushed against mine as he backed down to be beside me again. He had a couple tattoos on his arms of some kind of tribal art. On his chest were the initials C.H. in a cross, which I knew were his father's initials. He caught me staring again and pulled my chin up to look at him. "My granddaddy beat on my grandma and after one drunken night left her paralyzed in a wheelchair after he threw her down the stairs. I never met him, but I heard the stories and know there is no reason for someone to beat on a woman like that. You may hate me, but I can promise you that I am a hell of a lot better than that ass**le you are married to. Hell, he probably told you it was all your fault too."

He had told me that, every single time.

I closed my eyes and tried to look away from him. "He says I'm a whore."

Conner rested his head on his elbow and traced my chin with his fingers. I'd never been so close to someone and had these kind of feelings. I hated him for so many reasons, but found him so utterly desirable that I couldn't make a choice about how I really felt. When he touched me, with even the slightest touch, I could feel it through my whole body. I kept reminding myself why I was there, in a hotel room with him. I pleaded with my mind to stop looking at his muscles and the way his skin was so sun kissed, or how his crystal green eyes were almost looking through me.

Conner put his hand down but kept looking at me. "Do you feel like a whore?"

His question caught me off guard and I got defensive. "Of course not! I mean, I partied a bunch when I was younger and ran off to Vegas with a guy, but no! Never!"

He started laughing at my response.

"What's so funny?"

"Do you even know the definition of a whore, Blaze?"

I laid on my back and faced the ceiling instead of trying to not look at his hard ni**les and the skin I thought about touching. "Yes, I know what a whore is. If I looked it up in the dictionary, it would probably be your picture."

This caused him to laugh even harder. "I've never been paid for my services, first of all, and secondly, not one woman has ever said that about me, with the exception of my sister. She doesn't count anyway. Look, can you really tell me that there is something wrong with being turned on by getting a woman off? I like doing it. I bet you've never even been with someone whose sole intentions were to make you come like you never have before. Until you experience that, don't talk about what kind of man I am."

Oh God! I needed to lock myself in the bathroom before I attacked this fine man and made myself the biggest hypocrite to ever exist. "Can I go to sleep now or do I need to take my pillow in the tub?"

He laid down and looked at the ceiling. "That's what I thought. Goodnight Blaze. Sweet dreams."

I clicked off the light and laid there waiting for him to say something else, but he never spoke. When I felt like he was asleep, I turned over to look at the gorgeous man I was lying in bed with. I'd never even considered cheating on my husband, or being with another man ever again, but if I had to pick one man to spend one endless night with, I would pick Conner Healy. Sure, he was totally conceited and thought his shit didn't stink, but I needed someone that wouldn't ever want anything with me again.

I considered the benefits as well as the trouble it would cause. I thought about Rick and the love that didn't exist between us anymore. I felt so alone and here was this sexy ass man, lying so close to me that I could smell his skin. If I didn't know we were alone in that room, I would have sworn someone picked up my hand and made me touch him. As my hand touched his chest, I felt his hand coming on top of it. He let out a laugh and turned to face me, while still holding my hand. "Took you long enough. Most girls can't make it five minutes."

I went right for his mouth. "Just shut up." His soft lips welcomed me, along with his tongue. I felt Conner's hand digging into my hair as he pulled himself into our kiss deeper. Our tongues touched and I felt it heating up between my legs. I was instantly burning up, like someone had lit a match to my libido. I pulled away. "I've never done this before."

He kissed my forehead, which I found out of character for his cocky side. "You should get some sleep, darlin'. It's been a rough night for you and I know this ain't what you really want."

He laid down beside me and turned around like he wanted nothing to do with me. I felt so rejected by yet another man. What was I doing wrong? Had I just tried to cheat on my husband, only to be rejected anyway?

Shoot me now!

Chapter 5

Conner

Denying myself a piece of that little hot thing was hard, but I knew she wasn't ready. Her little fragile body wanted a pity f**k and normally I would have been all over that shit, except something about the girl made me reconsider. Sure, I'd slept with my share of women who were just trying to get back at someone and for a while the idea of just getting my dick wet satisfied me enough, but this girl was different for some reason. As much as that excited me, it also terrified me the same. I wasn't used to really caring so much. Maybe it was just the fact that she meant so much to my sister, who of all the people in the world, I loved more than myself. Whatever the case was, I was lying beside her with a big fat woody and a soon to be case of blue balls.

I could hear her crying from the opposite side of the bed and this time I knew I was the cause. I didn't want her to feel rejected, but she was married and had just been too beaten inside and out for me to take advantage of her. Once I let the parts of my body that didn't understand calm down, I let out a sigh and rolled over to face her trembling frail body. My arm wrapped around her, pulling her back in my chest. Amy cried softly as she ran her hand down my arm and held it at my wrist, keeping my arm tight against her abdomen. I never spoke to her, nor did I move my hand from where it sat.

I don't know whether I fell asleep before she stopped crying, but when I opened my eyes again it was morning. The sun shined through the old stained up tan curtains. I wanted to check and see what time it was, but my body was still pressed against Amy's.

This was usually the time where I slid myself away from the girl's body and made a fast exit, except this time I never moved. I liked being there, feeling like I was the reason she was safe.

I closed my eyes, feeling comfortable enough to where I could go back to sleep. I'd no sooner done so when I heard a cell phone ringing and it wasn't mine. Amy jumped up out of the bed and went running for her purse. I don't think she realized that she was only wearing my shirt and her little panties underneath when she reached down on the floor to grab the purse. I'd already gotten an eyeful of her little ass before she stood up straight and looked at me mortified, pulling down the shirt further to prevent from seeing me again.

She tossed the phone back down into her purse and went to say something to me, but just walked into the bathroom instead.

I put my hands behind my head and chuckled to myself. I was driving her crazy and I knew it. I also knew that in her current situation, I was the only friend who knew her secret. For some reason, I was willing to go any route to get to know a little bit more of Amy Ussery.

I heard the shower turning on and realized how bad I had to take a piss, so I jumped up and headed for the bathroom, hoping she was still dressed. When I heard splashing around in the water, I knew she was already in. I tried the door handle and smiled when I realized it was unlocked. I slid in the doorway of the tiny bathroom and quietly lifted the seat to relieve myself. As I began to pee, I heard her sobbing on the other side of the curtain. Her cries got louder and I didn't want to scare her by flushing the toilet. She obviously needed to be alone to sort out her shit. I could only keep her safe from that bastard while we were here in this room, because once she stepped foot outside, she had to face her life.

I made it to the door before I heard her saying my name. "Conner?"

"Sorry, I had to take a leak. I'll lock it on my way out."

I was just about to close the door behind me. "Wait."

She must have been sitting down in the shower, because when she moved the curtain to look out, her face was down low. Of course I looked down at her tear filled face. "You alright?"

"Last night......I just...I just wanted to forget about everything. I'm sorry I came onto you....I feel so embarrassed. Just let me get a shower and you can take me back to my car and never talk to me again and please, for the love of God, don't tell your sister about any of this."

I crouched down, not even caring that I was in only a pair of boxers. "It ain't like you're thinkin'. I didn't stop you because I didn't want you. When we sleep together, and I say when because in spite of your earlier arguments I know it will happen, and when it does, I want you to be focused on me and nothin' else. As far as my sister is concerned, we never saw each other."

Her eyes got real big as she sat there on that shower floor with the curtain covering everything except for her face. "Why?"

I was confused. "Why what?"

She pointed to my body. "You could have any girl on the planet. Why would you want someone as damaged as me. Am I on some bucket list? Do you have a habit of sleeping with f**ked up women?"

The way she put it made me laugh. "Jesus, woman, does it even matter? It's just sex. I'm attracted to you and you're obviously attracted to me, why make it somethin' else?"

I jumped back when I saw her stand up and rip open the shower curtain revealing her naked and beaten body. God, it was so much worse than I had noticed last night. Both of her sides had bruises and her face had a busted lip and a black eye. On her arms I could see marks from where he had grabbed her and held her while he was hitting her around. I stopped looking when she started talking again. "I just want to know how someone like you could ever be attracted to this."

I clenched my fists and thought about that son of a bitch touching her and the fact that she was too small to fight back. "You need to report that shit to the police."

"I can't."

"What do you mean you can't? You have friends, Amy." I was pissed. She wasn't mine, but she definitely needed to be protected. Aside from the bruises and her frail appearance, she was damn near perfect. Her red hair was wet and hung down the front of her chest, while her wet skin was forcing me to look at every inch of her. I should have taken her right then and there, but again, something forced me to look beyond the sex. I grabbed a towel and held it out for her.

It must have been the wrong thing to do because she grabbed the shower curtain and closed it. "Just get out, Conner. You wouldn't understand and besides, you are probably just as bad as he is."

I let the towel drop to the floor and got my hand as far as the doorknob before turning around and climbing in the shower behind her. She turned around to face me, all shocked at what I'd done, while I grabbed her wet head and pulled her mouth against mine. This time when her tongue touched mine, I had to fight everything I had in me to not push her against the shower wall and take her like I wanted to. I slowed down our kisses and pulled away from her. "I'm nothin' like him. Don't you ever say that to me. The more you fight me, the more I want to touch and taste every single inch of you, but it's not happenin' right now. You ain't ready for all I have to offer and if I let it happen today, it would f**k you up even worse."

She pushed me away. "I really don't think I want your kind of friendship, Conner."

I chuckled and grabbed myself a towel. "Is that right?"

My boxers were soaked so while drying off, I let them fall to the floor. I have to give it to her, she had no idea what she was about to get a glimpse of and all my so called smack talking had obviously been the truth after seeing the look on her face. She closed her eyes and held her hands over her mouth.

"Still hating me, Blaze?"

She stayed behind the curtain so I could no longer see her face. When she said nothing, I made my way out into the main part of the room and started putting on my clothes. Yeah, I was hard as a rock and would probably have to resort to calling Brina, but I was sure about one thing. It wasn't Brina that I wanted to be inside of.

She took forever to come out of the bathroom and when she did, she refused to look at me. Her clothes from last night where stuck to her body on account of her getting dressed before she was dried off. I walked over to her and put my dirty clothes in my bag. When I got close enough, I leaned into her. "Still hate me?"

She kept her eyes closed and looked away. "More than ever."

I pressed my lips against hers. "Maybe it's best if you just go on thinkin' I am nothin' but an addict that can't keep his dick in his pants. I wouldn't want you thinkin' of me while you're f**kin' him."

It was wrong, but the truth and it pissed me off that someone like him could have someone like her and treat her so bad. She needed to get mad. She needed to fight her way out of the mess and move on. I wasn't asking to be that person, but I didn't want any woman to be abused. I was raised by a single mother and if anyone laid a hand on her, I would kill them and rot in jail satisfied.

I felt her hand smack me on the cheek before the sting hit. I caught her hand and drug it over my jeans where my dick was still hard underneath. She pulled her hand away quickly. "You're an ass**le, just take me to my car."

I held my hands up and continued to laugh. "In a hurry to get back to him?"

She got to the door and turned around to face me. "I don't get you Conner. One minute you are being such a good friend and the next you are coming onto me, only to stop before anything happens."

"Are you ready to beg me to help you forget that you're married, cause I'm pretty damn sure that ring on your finger is a good reminder? You're obviously really bad at making decisions."

"Screw you! You have no idea what my life is like right now. How dare you be so mean to me. I never should have thought you wanted to be my friend. You're too in love with your own dick to care about anyone but yourself."

I grabbed my bag and headed in her direction. "I guess we're done here."

"You're damn right we are!"

Amy said nothing to me as I checked out of the room and started on our way back to town. When we hit the outskirts, she mumbled something, but the music was too loud on the radio for me to hear her. I turned it down. "What did you say?"

She looked over at me and I could tell she didn't seem very happy. "I said thank you. I don't want to be your friend, but you did help me and when I really needed it, you kept my mind off of things."

I pulled up on the next street over from where she parked and turned off the truck. "You can think what you want about me, but I've never lied to you. What he did to you was beyond wrong. I wish you'd report it, but it's your call. I won't tell my sister if that's what you're worried about."

She kept her head down. "I believe you."

I grabbed a receipt off the dash and wrote down my number. "Take this. I know you hate me right now, but I'm not the bad guy here."

She put the receipt back in my hand. "I don't think I will ever need to call you."

"Suit yourself." She climbed out of the truck and looked up at me one last time. "See you around, Blaze."

I watched her walk away shaking her head. So maybe I was a total douche, but as bad as I wanted the girl, I was able to stop myself. I knew right then and there that she was different, but I didn't even realize just what that meant. I'd dated a lot of girls, but at the end of the day they would go home and I wouldn't think about them until they called. Maybe I was self-centered and possibly everything Amy thought I was. It didn't matter. She was married and I just wasn't about to deal with that kind of bullshit.

That didn't stop me from wanting her though.

For the next couple of weeks, she was all I could think about. I found myself going into town, just to stop by the salon to get my sister to cut my hair, or just to give her a friendly hello. Finally, one day, I stopped by when her and Ty were at lunch together. The salon was pretty empty with the exception of one old lady. Amy saw me walk in and rolled her eyes. "She's at lunch."

I took my hat and turned it to the back, before walking closer to her. I licked my lips while looking down at hers. "I dreamed of you last night."

She looked over at the lady, who had her head under one of those drying machines. "You can't be in here like this. People talk, you know."

I let out a laugh but stayed close to her. "I'm just bein' a nice person and askin' a lady how she is today."

"There's nothing nice about you, Conner." She turned and started sweeping around her station. I grabbed the handle of the broom, forcing her to look at me. She put her hands on her hips and shook her head. "Please just go. I'm already being accused of having an affair. I can't give him any more reason.

I grabbed her wrist and wasn't even worried about that old lady. "Did he hit you again? If he hit you I'll...."

"Stop it! Please just leave. I'm fine!"

I pulled her closer to me, causing her hands to hit my chest. She looked up into my eyes. "If I find out he hit you again, I'm goin' to take matters into my own hands. What he's doin' is wrong. Why can't you see that? Do you really love this guy that much, because I didn't take you for being an idiot."

She grabbed me by the arm and pulled me into the back room. I was so shocked she'd brought us there that I didn't know what was coming next. "I can't talk about this here. Everyone in this town talks and you've already got me into a bunch of shit by just being here. There is nothing happening between you and me, Conner. Get it through your head and stop doing this to me."

She started to walk away, but I pulled her back into my arms and pushed her against the wall. I brought my lips close enough to hers that I could feel her breathing on me. "Fighting me only makes me want you more."

She tried to push me away, but I kept a good hold on her. "Please, just go."

I pressed my lips against hers and held them there for a few seconds, before pulling away and walking out the door. I never even turned back to see if she'd followed me out of that storage room.

Unfortunately, a few weeks later, while visiting our Kentucky family, my sister got some real bad news. Ty had raised my sister's daughter Bella as his own, but her biological grandmother was fighting for visitation. Since they couldn't have the birth certificate changed unless he was the real father, he concocted a ridiculous plan to get a paternity test altered in his favor. As much as I wanted there to be another way, I knew we had to do what was best for Bella.

I may have been shitty when it came to girls, but my family was a different story. They were always my first priority, even my brother in law, Tyler. After having the test done, we all stopped by the salon for something Miranda needed. I was happy to see Amy and teased her about giving me a haircut. I kept my jokes to a minimum while my sister was in the room, but once she walked away, I pounced right on that shit.

"Hey, Beautiful, you think I could get my hair trimmed?" She was bending over picking up some hair to throw away.

I watched her look over at Ty and then back to me. "Your sister is fully capable of cutting that head."

I sat down in her seat anyway. "I reckon I'd rather have you do it." I removed my hat and smiled, showing off my dimples like it was going to win me the prize.

Amy was getting irritated with me. "I don't have time to cut it."

After looking around the salon and noticing they were closed for lunch, I saw my opportunity to push her some more. "It won't take long." I looked over to Ty, not really caring what he thought.

"Come on, Beautiful, just a quick trim. I don't bite, well at least not unless you ask me to." She looked mortified as I blew her a quick kiss through the mirror.

"You're a pig, Conner Healy. Stop calling me beautiful."

"Why? It's the truth. I think you're sexy as hell." She already should have known that. If I had a real type, like to describe the perfect woman, she would fit the bill.

"Well, let me remind you that I'm married." She held her ring up in my face.

"You're so pretty when you get all roused up. It's just a haircut, sweetness. Surely you've cut other sexy men's hair before."

I wasn't giving up. She smelled of pomegranate and I wanted to taste her sweet lips again.

"Fine one haircut, but you're paying double for getting on my nerves," she teased.

The first time she ran her hands through my hair, I closed my eyes. I imagined her grabbing it while riding on top of me, with her tits swinging all around. When I opened my eyes, they were the first thing I looked for. "I bet you imagined runnin' your hands through it, haven't you?"

She took a huge chunk in her hand and jerked my head back. I think I liked it more than it hurt. She gritted her teeth. "If you don't cut it out, I'm going to shave it all off."

It made my dick start to get hard, so I reached my arms around her and pulled her up against my body. She stood there, not letting go of me. "When are you goin' to stop fightin' this?"

"There is no this!" She took her hands and moved them from her body to mine.

I had enough of the games and needed to either f**k her or walk away. I leaned in toward her ear. "Maybe next time then." Then I walked out of the salon.

Chapter 6

Amy

Avoiding Conner Healy at all cost was normally easy, unless he was walking in my shop, throwing his sexy mouth against mine. Then it was a bit more difficult. I had too many of my own problems to add him to the mix.

After spending the night in the motel room with him, I made it a point to steer clear of Miranda and Ty's, even when Rick and I were fighting. Things seemed to calm down after the night I never came home. He thought I stayed at Miranda's and never asked any questions. Although, he still needed to know my every move.

Keeping someone like Conner off of my mind was harder than I thought. Even when I was hating him, I was still thinking about him. In fact, I couldn't stop. During the day I found myself listening to Miranda complaining about him and when I went home at night, I daydreamed about his hot body and the way it felt when he kissed me.

I don't know how apparent I was, but Rick started accusing me of having an affair. Of course, I hadn't seen or talked to Conner, or anyone else for that matter. It was a pure coincidence, but it didn't seem to change his accusations. Rick had it in his head that I was having some heated affair and it was enough to send him over the edge at any moment.

Thankfully, I was able to avoid him until he went out on the road again. When he wasn't home, I laid in bed and tried to think of an easy way out of my marriage. Not because I wanted to be with Conner. He was a total ass**le and nothing was going to change my mind about that. Sure, his body was unbelievable, but everything out of his mouth was bullshit. Still, there was something about that man that made me so hot with desire. Seeing him naked made it even harder and I hated that he knew that. It was like he was intentionally torturing me with his shallowness and my stupid self was taking the bait.

As the weeks passed, Conner's unexpected visits became less frequent. It was almost like he knew that I had him out of my system and then could come walking back into my mind, just because he knew he could. I wanted to scream, but the other part of me wanting to touch him and do a lot more. He was my poison and even though I knew it was dangerous, I wanted to drink him down and let him fill every inch of my body with ecstasy. Still, I knew that I only thought I wanted him so much, because I wasn't supposed to. It was something that had always been a problem for me. I never did like the word 'no'.

I don't know whether it made things harder or easier, but Rick had been making an effort at being a better person and he'd laid off of the alcohol and stopped accusing me of having some hot affair, for the most part. I was still trying to save up money to leave, but his work was slow and I couldn't afford to stash much away without him noticing. I'd devised a nine month plan, but the longer time went by, the more I struggled to save.

There was a time where I was head over heels in love with Rick. That time was gone and for the most part the man repulsed me. Even on his good days, the man I used to admire was gone. He was bitter and verbally abusive, so much so that even his own child couldn't stand him. She was still rebelling, like always. In fact, I was surprised that she hadn't just moved in with one of her friends to get away from it all.

My life was a repetitive prison and as much as I ran toward the end of the dark tunnel, I couldn't seem to break free. Time was against me and without friends I felt completely alone. As much as I wanted to believe that Rick would never lay a hand on me, like he kept promising, I knew it was only a matter of time before I was forced into a corner of the house by the back of his hand, or whatever else he felt like using at the time.

It wasn't like I never thought about fighting back. I had so many times. I'd played out how I could use objects around the house to stop him from getting to me. I'd even considered hurting him while he was passed out. Sometimes I wondered if living in a jail cell for murdering my husband was a far better future than suffering from his abuse.

On one of Rick's bad days, I went home to him throwing things at my head as I walked in the door. I managed to duck out of the way for the first thing, but got hit by the remote control as it slammed me in the back of my head. "Where you been at, you whore?"

I held my hands over my head and tried so hard not to cry. "I just got off work, I swear. I had a late perm appointment and it wasn't setting like I thought it would."

He came over and grabbed me by my hair, shoving me into a chair. "Look at you, all dolled up. You think I don't know what you're doing? You let me catch you with that son of a bitch and you will both be sorry. You hear me, bitch?"

"Rick, please," I cried. "There isn't anyone else. Please stop hurting me and calling me names. I can't take it anymore. I don't deserve it." I was pleading with him.

He started laughing all up in my face. I could smell the wretched odor of stale liquor and cigarette breath. "You deserve nothing! Get yourself cleaned up and go fetch me more beer. Do something useful for a damn change."

I ran into the bathroom to clean up my face and when I came out, I found my purse dumped out over the table. He was going through every single receipt and my wallet. He took my phone and started looking through it. Since I did nothing wrong, I knew he wouldn't find anything. I slowly approached the table and grabbed my car keys, but nothing else, before darting out the door and not looking back.

I drove around crying for a while, knowing damn well I wasn't going to go back for my purse. While driving through town one thing caught my eye and without even reconsidering, I pulled my car into the parking lot at the bar next to Conner's truck and sat there waiting.

I knew he had pool league and it had just started. People in town knew me and I couldn't take the chance of walking inside to get his attention. The longer I sat there, the more I knew that being there was a bad idea. I turned the key and started to back up my car when I heard someone knocking on the window. Conner stood there with a hand in his pocket waiting for me to roll down the window.

I closed my eyes and took a few breaths, feeling ridiculous for thinking this could have been a good idea. He didn't want to deal with my bullshit. As the window rolled down I threw him a fake smile. "I was just leaving."

He leaned in the car, and looked me in the eye. "I just got here a few minutes ago and came back out for my pool stick. I know you just got here. Now why don't you tell me what's goin' on?"

He grabbed my chin with his hand and pulled my face to look at him. As I moved it, he stroked my temple and pulled his hand away, revealing blood on his fingers. I don't know which one of us was more shocked. He opened my car door before I could argue and pulled my legs out of the car, so he could get a better look at my head. "Tell me what happened, Blaze."

I immediately lost it. "I don't even know. I came home and he started going off on me."

Conner grabbed me by the hands and pulled me out of my car. "You need to leave him. What he's doin' is illegal. He should be in jail."

I covered my face in my hands. "You don't understand Conner. I can't leave. I don't have a way to leave or a place to go. I'm trying to save my money, but times are rough and it's taking me longer than I thought. I just have to stick it out for a little while longer."

He grabbed me by the forearm and pulled me into his chest. I felt him looking at the cut on my head. "The cut isn't that bad. Amy, you can't afford to wait this out. He's going to end up seriously hurting you."

Some man must have come out of the bar looking for Conner. I heard him speaking but I never looked his way. "Hey man, you're up."

Conner's voice vibrated against my head. "Be there in a minute."

He didn't let go of me at first. When I started to pull away, he wiped away my tears. "We are short some players and I have to go shoot my match. Pull your car around the side and get your things. Here's my truck keys. Wait for me in it."

I started to argue with him. "Conner, I can't go..."

"Do what I said, Blaze. Please."

He kissed me on the head and walked into the bar.

After moving my car, I climbed inside of Conner's truck. People were standing outside of the bar smoking cigarettes, and I knew they could see me crying, but none of them approached me. After around thirty minutes, Conner climbed into the driver's seat and I handed him his keys. "This is a bad idea."

"Goin' home is a bad idea. This ain't about me and you, it's about keepin' you safe."

I rolled my eyes. "Conner, being with you is a different kind of danger."

He said nothing as he pulled out of the parking lot and I was honestly too afraid to look over to see his reaction. I couldn't understand how Conner was always around when things went bad with Rick.

We pulled up at the motel and all of the memories of our last visit came back to my mind. "You should just leave me here. I can get a ride into town in the morning."

Conner shook his head and ignored me as he walked into the motel's office. When he came out he pointed to the room and I climbed out of the truck. He grabbed my hand and placed the key in it. "I will pick you up in the mornin' when the sun comes up. Don't open the door for anyone but me. If you need anything you call me."

I was shocked that he was taking my advice and leaving me to stay alone. Part of me felt empowered, but the rest of me felt abandoned by the one person that I could be completely honest with. The problem was, asking Conner to stay was asking for much more than a shoulder to cry on.

He waited for me to get inside before he turned and walked away. I leaned against the other side of the door while listening to his truck door shut. Since I had nothing to change into, I simply stepped out of my jeans and walked into the bathroom to check on my head.

I turned the sink on and washed off my face. The skin under my eyes was so swollen from crying. After washing off the dried blood, the little cut seemed to be nothing but a flesh wound. My head was pounding, but it was also from crying so much.

I took off my jacket and slowly undressed to get a hot shower. I just wanted the water to beat down on me and wash away the emotional pain I was feeling. I wanted to disappear, if even for a moment, to pretend that my life was anything but what it was.

When the water started to get cold, I turned it off and picked my clothes up off the floor. Since I was alone and locked in my room, I figured I could just sleep under the covers while wrapped up in a towel. I'd no sooner climbed into bed, when I heard a vehicle pulling up.

Out of fear, I hopped up to the window and looked out. Conner climbed out of his truck with bags in his hand and approached the door. I never hesitated when I opened the door and let him walk in, but once I realized that all I had around my body was a towel, I freaked.

Chapter 7

Conner

I'd thought about leaving her there and letting her be alone like she'd asked, but it just didn't set right with me. Amy didn't need to be alone, she needed a friend. Hell, I was pretty darn sure that I was the only one that knew what was going on with the girl. I couldn't understand how her own family had turned their backs on her. My family would have never done that to me, even if they threatened to.

I got about a mile down the road before I realized that Amy probably hadn't eaten anything, so I stopped at a drive-thru and got us both something for dinner. Since it was only around eight in the evening, everything was open. Of course, I had no idea what the woman liked. Hell, she could have been a vegetarian for all I knew.

I ended up ordering a couple things, including a salad, before heading back to the room.

Nothing could have prepared me for when she opened that door in just a towel. I could feel my damn dick growing arms and trying to bust open my zipper from inside of my jeans. To say that her body did things to me, was an understatement.

Amy backed away from the door and secured the towel tighter around her body. I ran back to the truck and grabbed my duffle bag. I still had a few shirts in there that had never been worn. I don't know why I hadn't taken it in the house, but it turned out to be a good thing.

When I got back in the room, I could tell she felt uncomfortable. I opened up the food bags and tried not to make eye contact with her. "Listen, I got down the road and realized that you might be hungry, so I got a couple things and came back."

She smiled and pulled out the bag of fries. "I haven't eaten all day actually."

I ripped open the bag and spread out all of the food. She grabbed the chair and sat across from me. "Just take whatever you want. I had a sandwich before I went to pool."

Amy shook her head and started splitting everything. "There is plenty for two people. Besides, you bought it. I don't know how I am ever going to repay you for saving me twice, Conner."

I winked at her before taking a bite of a burger. "Don't mention it, darlin'. You just need to figure out a way to get away from it all. This can't continue to happen, you know that, right?"

She agreed and picked at her food. "It's just not that easy. I wish it were. Trust me, I really do. I've stayed up at night thinking of other options. Conner, I have nothing to my name. He owns my business, my bank accounts, and even my cell phone is in his name. The car I drive is in his name. If I leave him, it's with the shirt on my back." She started to cry again and I couldn't help but reach my hand out to her.

"Listen, I don't know anything about being a good friend. Hell, I know I ain't no good at it, but since I'm here I'll do whatever I can. Even if it's just gettin' you a room and keepin' you safe."

She looked at me like I had three heads. "Why are you being so nice to me? The last time we were here, I told you I hated you because you were taunting me with sexual innuendos."

I held up my hand to speak without her interrupting. "I can see that you're in trouble and I'm not the kind of guy to stand around and do nothin' when I'm the only person that knows the truth. If you want this to stay a secret, than I reckon you and I have to at least be friends."

I wanted more from her and by now she had to know it. For months I had made my intentions clear, with the stipulation that she wasn't wearing that damn ring. If she was smart, she would pawn the f**ker and take the money to start a new life.

I pointed to the bag I brought in. "There are still clean shirts in there. Just pick out something so you can stop holding onto that towel like it is guarding a treasure. I don't know why you're bein' so shy anyway. I already seen you naked, Blaze, and trust me when I say, it's somethin' I will never forget."

Her face turned red as she grabbed the duffel bag and headed into the bathroom. When she came out she was in one of my t-shirts. The first thing I noticed was her perky ni**les were hard and the second was how sexy her legs looked. She turned her head when she caught me checking her out and started to clean up the trash on the table. "Were you done eating?"

I gathered up my trash and stuck it back in the bag. "Yeah."

While she looked around the room for something to bide her time, I grabbed the remote and started flipping through the channels. When I got to a movie channel, I kicked off my shoes and laid on my stomach across the bottom of the bed. This particular room had two double beds instead of one queen size, so Amy sat down on the other one. She pulled her shirt down, making sure it covered her legs. I noticed her fidgeting right away. "Are you that afraid of me?"

She shrugged her shoulders. "Honestly, after all your visits to the salon, I don't know what to expect. I mean, here we are, back where we started. It's like deja vu."

"Well, if you could have a redo of our first encounter here at this hotel, how would it all play out?" This was going to be interesting. She could answer this several ways and all of them could get her in a heap of trouble. I may have been holding back with the jokes, but I wanted to explore every single inch of that woman's body and sooner or later, it was going to happen.

"You really want me to answer that? You do remember how you acted don't you?" She rested her head on her hand and looked more serious about our conversation, like it was some kind of debate.

"Sure, but I also remember how you came on to me."

She covered her face with her hands and laid flat on her back on the bed. "That is not how it happened."

I put both of my hands behind my head and stared at the ceiling. I didn't have to think hard about that night, because it had been on my damn mind every day since. "I remember waking up to your hands all over me."

Amy sat up and swung her legs around until she was sitting up facing me. "I...that was...a mistake!"

I started laughing and looked her in the eyes. "Clearly."

She gave me an evil look . "You took advantage of me being vulnerable."

"Look Blaze, you can twist that night around however you want, but if I wouldn't have stopped you, I can assure you that we wouldn't be hiding out from your abusive husband in this old ass hotel."

She looked appalled. Her mouth opened and at first she was speechless. She put her hands on her hips and stood up, like she meant business. "You're wrong. I would have stopped you."

I sat up and swung my feet in front of her, pulling her by the waist so that she was closer to me, then I looked up at her shocked face. When I stood up and grabbed her chin, she didn't pull away. "As much as I enjoyed teasin' you, I am dead serious when I say that I know for sure you wouldn't have stopped me then, or if I tried to touch you right now." I could tell she was getting aggravated with me and pushing her was probably going to get me slapped, but I was sick of beating around the bush.

"You promised you wouldn't touch me." Tears filled her eyes.

I wiped them away with my fingers. "I lied." My lips pressed against Amy's. Just like my stolen kisses before, I pulled away before she could reciprocate. I cupped her face in my hands and waited for her to push me away. After a few seconds I kissed her again. "Do you want me to stop?"

Her eyes were still closed from our kiss. I looked down at her puffy lips and couldn't wait to feel them again. This woman needed to be consumed. She needed to know that she was sexy as hell and desired, and I wanted to be the guy to show her.

When she didn't reply, I brushed my mouth against hers. "Tell me you want me to stop, Blaze."

I could feel her increased breathing as she spoke. "I don't!"

Chapter 8

Amy

I was tired of denying myself happiness; tired of living in an endless pool of regret; tired of being cut down until I hated to look at myself in the mirror. Here was this man in front of me; this beautiful man that awakened parts of me that I thought were lost forever.

I wanted to feel the passion he was offering. I was tired of falling asleep at night wondering what this man was really like. I wanted him. I needed him.

Conner's eyes got big after I gave him the go-ahead. He took both of my hands and placed them on his chest, over his shirt. "I'm not used to takin' things slow, darlin." He brought his hand up and ran it against my cheek. "Turn around."

I was confused, but did as he told me. I took my hands off of his chest and glanced at him one last time before turning around. I wasn't used to trusting someone, in fact, I found myself sleeping with one eye open to keep myself safe.

Conner's hands started on my shoulders and slowly made their way down both of my arms. His touch was warm and with only the t-shirt I was wearing keeping me from feeling his fingers, I could feel my heart beating out of my chest.

When he got to my fingers, he laced his hands into mine and leaned his head into my neck. "Darlin', as much as I want this, I need you to be sure, because once we start this we ain't stoppin'."

I could feel him tracing my left hand, particularly my ring finger. I knew what he was asking. I let my back lean against his chest. My eyes closed and I let myself forget about everything except Conner. "Don't stop." It was a whisper, but he heard me loud and clear. I knew because I felt him removing the ring from my finger and letting it fall to the floor. I heard it drop and hit the floor and felt weak in my knees with anticipation of what was coming.

Conner let my hands fall as he moved his fingers over my abdomen. His lips drug over my ear and his heated breath tickled me. With his hands moving along my stomach, his t-shirt that once covered my ass, was lifting up. I bit down on my lip thinking about him being behind me and holding me the way he was. When I opened my eyes, I noticed him watching what he was doing in the mirror across from us. My shirt was lifted high enough to reveal that I wasn't wearing any panties and when he caught my gaze through our reflection, I saw him smiling.

I wanted to turn around and face him; to look in those green eyes and get lost in his kisses, but he steadied my stance and continued sliding his hands higher, finally reaching the underneath of my br**sts. My ni**les began to tingle just knowing he was so close to touching them. I'd imagined this moment so many times in my head, even when I wanted to hate him. Conner continued to kiss my neck as he grabbed the ends of the shirt and slowly lifted it up over my br**sts. He watched himself in the mirror, lightly running his fingertips on my ni**les.

I licked my lips and concentrated on breathing. His voice whispered in my ear. "You're more perfect than I remember."

My chest moved up and down as I tried to keep my breathing controlled. Conner grabbed me by my hair and pulled my face around, so he could kiss me. I reached one arm up and grabbed the back of his neck, while I tried to turn my body to face him. He held his body firmly against mine and continued his tongue filled kisses from behind me.

When he pulled away, he walked me a few steps forward so we were closer to the mirror on the dresser. With one swift pull, the t-shirt was lifted over my head and I was standing there completely naked. He took two index fingers and traced around my areolas. "I'm goin' to kiss every inch of you, Blaze. When we leave this room tomorrow, I'll be all you can think about. I'm going to leave you wanting more."

I knew that he knew I was having trouble breathing. I hadn't been touched in forever and his teasing me was forcing me to feel things I'd never experienced. We hadn't even had sex and I already believed what he was saying was going to be true. He met my gaze in the mirror. "Tell me what you want." He never took his eyes from mine when he asked it.

I could barely speak without my voice cracking. "I want to touch you."

His dimples showed as he cupped my br**sts in his hands and licked his lips. "What do you want to touch?"

"You...everything! Please."

He turned me around and finally looked me straight in the eye as he removed his shirt. My eyes got wide when I took in his chiseled chest and tattooed skin. I ran my hands up and down it, over his ni**les. He grabbed my hands and halted my movements.

Conner grabbed one of my hands and pulled it up to his mouth. He kissed it intently before taking it and wrapping it around his waist. His skin was warm and like I had always imagined, it was smooth and smelled like musky heaven. His arms wrapped around my back, while his hands slowly slid down to both of my ass cheeks. He gripped them hard, pulling me into his lips again.

His kisses became vigorous and when our tongues finally collided, a rush of heat ran through my body. Conner held onto my ass and continued kissing and sucking on my tongue. When we finally pulled away from each other, we were both breathing heavy.

He pushed me back against the bed and made me sit down while he backed away from me. I watched him unbuckling his belt. He kept watching me, never taking his eyes off of me as he worked his jeans and let them fall to the floor. I wanted to look at him so bad; to see if he was hard for me, but those green eyes were looking right through me and I couldn't look away.

Conner bent down and removed his boxer shorts and climbed onto the bed over top of me. I backed myself up further on the bed to give his long legs extra room.

He went slow, finding my lips once again. I loved how he moved his tongue with mine, finding a rhythm that made it seem like I'd kissed him a million times before.

As he pulled away, he brushed the hair out of my face. "You're beautiful."

He was the beautiful one. His perfect body was positioned over me, without putting all the weight against me. Conner kissed my cheek, then worked his way down to my chin. He drug his tongue up and down my neck before placing small kisses in between my br**sts. I could feel myself getting wet between my legs even before he sat up and straddled me so that he could cup both of my br**sts in his hands. I let out a soft moan, unable to contain how good it felt to be caressed that way.

He looked down at what he was doing and licked his lips before sliding his fingers roughly over my ni**les. They were already hard, but got even harder with the friction from his calloused fingers. His palms rubbed against them, until little cries escaped me again.

His thumb and forefinger pinched my ni**les, causing me to come up off the bed and thrust my hips into him. He groaned from my reaction to his touch and did it again. My hips lifted once more and this time I could feel his hard erection so close to my skin. I wanted to touch it, to finally feel all of him in my own hand.

I slid my hands down his sides, allowing my nails to tickle him. He grabbed both of them and placed them on my br**sts. At first I didn't understand until he stuck his hands over mine and guided me. When he released my hands, I continued to massage my own br**sts. Conner watched for a few seconds before sliding down on the bed. I watched his tongue circling my belly button and once it was good and wet, he blew air all over it.

I was breathing so hard, loving every second of this fantasy. Conner grabbed my knees and pushed them up on the bed. He buried himself between my legs and kissed my thighs. I leaned up and watched him licking each side of my inner thighs, leaving a trail of saliva on either side. He took his hand and ran it up and then down my throbbing sex. My body jerked from his touch and a smile filled his face. He groaned as he stroked his fingers over my lips and spread them apart.

I knew what was coming, but as his hot mouth made contact with my neglected sex, I cried out again. He groaned, his voice vibrating my heat, as he licked his way from my pu**y to my clit. I cried out again, this time moaning his name. "Conner."

He laughed as he licked me again this time sucking my swollen clit into his mouth and building up pressure. I could hear the wet sounds and knew I was soaked. He kept licking me, stroking me, until I was on the verge of bliss. When I started to lose control, he licked harder. I grabbed the sheets and dug my nails into them. "Oh my God, yes, please don't stop!"

My body jerked off the bed as Conner continued to kiss my inner thighs.

I started relaxing thinking I had time to recuperate from the hottest orgasm I'd ever experienced, but I was wrong.

Conner looked up at me and smiled before taking a finger and sliding it inside of me. I started trembling against his finger each time he thrusted it in and out of me. His thumb rubbed against my clit and the harder he pushed, the faster I began to come again. This time I didn't hold back. I cried out again, letting my body jump all over the bed as his strong hands kept me beneath him.

His finger slid out slowly and I felt him rub my wetness over one of my thighs. I was trying to catch my breath and look at him all at once. He smiled and began kissing his way back up my stomach. When his lips found mine, I grabbed the back of his head and pulled him into me. I could taste myself and it made me want to cry out his name again. Conner pulled away and stroked my face. "I love the way you taste" He reached down and entered me with his finger again. I grabbed his arm and guided his finger myself. He licked my bottom lip and teased me with his tongue. "Touch me, Blaze. Let go of everything and fall into this. Show me how much you want it."

I moaned again, hearing him talking to me. His southern drawl combined with his sexiness made me crazy. I reached down and finally touched what I'd been dreaming of for months. With his full girth in my hands, I heard him moan as I began stroking his length.

My mouth watered and for the first time in my life I wanted to take a man into my mouth. I wasn't being forced or begged, no, I wanted to do it. I needed to feel his soft skin on my lips. I wrapped my legs around him, flipping us to where I was straddling him. I began my way down his body while his hands played with my hair. I licked the tip and started to lean down to take him in, except he stopped me and shook his head. "Blaze, tonight is about you, darlin. This ain't about me."

He grabbed my chin and pulled me up his body. "Tonight I need to f**k you like you've never been f**ked before."

With one arm he pushed me off of him and flipped himself over me. With his strong body overtop mine, he took his erection and rubbed it against my entrance. I was so wet and I could feel how slippery it was. He began slapping it against my clit, making me cry out. I wanted to feel it inside of me. It was so big, so thick, and I wanted it to fill me. "Please, Conner. I want it so much."

He rubbed it over my entrance, back and forth, making me gasp.

"Beg for it, Blaze."

"Oh, please. Please f**k me. Give me what I want, Conner."

He entered me with force and stretched me open to accept his size. I cried out over and over again as I immediately began my third orgasm. He kept thrusting himself deeper, until he couldn't go any further. I grabbed his arms, dug into his back, and reached my arms around his strong shoulders. It felt so good and hurt all at once. I knew he was close when he pumped himself faster into my wetness and finally stilled all movements. His sweaty head rested in my neck as he kissed me a few more times. When he finally collapsed, I held him close to me. Our breathing calmed and I let myself fall asleep with Conner still inside of me.

Chapter 9

Conner

For months I'd taunted her; been a total ass to get under her skin, but nothing could have prepared me for what it would be like when it really happened. Her words always said she hated me, when her eyes told another story all together.

I wanted to give her a night she wouldn't forget. Instead, it was a night that I wouldn't forget and I wasn't ready for it to end.

We'd fallen asleep with our bodies still together. Not only had I never done something like that, but it was the first time in my life where I hadn't worn protection. I was so caught up in the moment that nothing else seemed important.

When I woke up with Amy still against my body, I didn't freak out or try to separate us. I did the opposite.

I pulled that woman into my arms so tight and kissed the top of her head. This was different for me. I didn't cuddle and I certainly had never felt compelled to help someone, like I did her.

She needed to rest, but our night wasn't over. I wanted her to experience every kind of sexual release that I could give her. She needed to know that she was desired completely.

There was one thing I noticed right away. I was still rock hard.

While Amy slept so sound, all I could think about was moving my hips and relieving my newest ache. This woman was trouble and I couldn't get enough of her. The fascination of the chase was long gone and going in a direction that I'd never been before.

I kissed the side of her head with the small cut on it and she stirred. At first, she was startled and had to take a second to realize that she was safe in my arms. I brushed the hair out of her face. "Hey."

She smiled and laid her head back down on my chest. Her fingers moved slowly over it. "I thought I was dreaming."

"This ain't a dream, darlin'." I moved my hips just enough for her to realize that we were far from done.

"Are we...oh my God, we slept like that?"

I cupped her face in my hands and kissed her on the lips. "We're just gettin' started."

"Should I be afraid?"

I lifted her up so that she was sitting on top of me and started moving my hips. She immediately began matching my movements and closing her eyes. I watched her reach up and run her hands through her hair. My hands found her perfect br**sts and cupped them. Amy kept her eyes closed, but bit down on her lip as our movements picked up the pace. She was so tight, so damn tight that it made my dick pump harder.

I grabbed her by the waist and halted her. "I need you to hop down and dry off so I can bend you over and f**k the shit out of you."

Her eyes got wide, but she climbed off of me. As we disconnected for the first time in hours, I felt naked without her. I watched her fine ass walk into the bathroom and I couldn't wait for her to come back. I met her at the bathroom sink and pressed her against the wall. She smiled and licked my lips, teasing me with her tongue. I licked her back and let her suck on my tongue. She leaned her head back and let me lick up her neck. I ducked down a little more and took one of her hard ni**les into my mouth. She started moaning, so I sucked harder. Just hearing her react to my mouth made me ache to be inside of her again. I sat her up on the sink and grabbed my hard cock. She spread her legs and watched me position myself to slide back inside. Amy leaned back against the mirror when I lifted her legs up around my shoulders. I needed to be deeper; filling her until she cried out for me to never stop.

Her moans became louder and I wasn't sure if she loved it or I was hurting her, but I didn't slow down. I could feel my release was on the verge. "How does it feel, Blaze. Tell me you like it."

She opened her eyes wide and got this serious expression on her face. "Harder!"

I thrusted in and out of her harder than I'd ever done before. She grabbed my arms and dug her nails into me and she screamed. "Yeessssss..."

I turned my head and bit into one of her legs as I felt my explosion filling her. Even after I was finished, I kept her legs up and kissed where I'd bitten her. She stuck her finger in her mouth and giggled as I finally let go of her legs.

I reached over and turned on the shower. "You goin' to join me?"

She nodded her head and let me lift her off of the sink. I held her hand as she climbed in the shower and I followed behind. "Conner...I...that was...I've never experienced anything like that." She pressed her body against me as I leaned back against the shower wall.

I ran my hands through her wet head. "Darlin' we're just gettin' started."

She started laughing and looking into my eyes. You're joking right?"

I cupped her face. "No, nothin' about this is a joke."

Her face got serious and she started to back away. "What are we doing? I mean, I need to know what this is. I'm still married. I can't just jump into something with you."

I put my hand over her lips. "We ain't discussin' that right now. Tonight is about you and me. Their ain't no goin' back on what we've already done."

For the first time in my life of being with a woman, I was worried about what she was thinking. This felt too damn good to never be able to happen again. Husband or not, I wanted more.

I didn't let her argue, for the most part because I didn't want to hear that whatever this was, ended when we left this place.

"But I..."

My lips hit hers. I wasn't giving her a chance to argue with me. I was too darn stubborn to hear her tell me no.

After our shower, where I refused to let her get a word in edge wise, we took ourselves back to bed. After checking my phone, it was only one in the morning. We still had so much time to be together.

Once we were under the covers, I pulled her close to me. She nestled herself into my body. "I never thought you'd be doing this with me."

I groaned and cleared my throat. "Yeah, I reckon' this isn't a side of me I show very often."

Her arms squeezed me tighter. "Thank you, Conner, for making me feel safe for the first time in my life."

"Don't mention it. I'm sure I will go back to bein' someone you hate in no time." Not that I wanted that to happen, but it was bound to. I wasn't relationship material and if she thought this was going in that direction, well she was wrong. I wasn't wired that way. Sure, being with her made me feel like I could change my mind, but her marital status kept me from thinking it could ever be more.

I patted her on the back and kept my hold on her. "Why don't you get some sleep. I know you have to work tomorrow."

She slid her hands around and grabbed my cock. "You were right, you know."

I looked down at her. "About what?"

"I can't get enough of it, of you." She started stroking me. "I need more."

I let out a laugh that involved choking. "I think it needs time to recuperate, darlin'."

She disappeared under the covers. "I can keep it company until its ready."

I felt her mouth kissing it and moved away the covers to watch. Seeing her tongue slide up and down the base of my shaft sent tingles down both my legs. Her red hair fell down in her face and I reached down and tucked it behind her ear.

She looked up at me as she licked the tip. "Tell me if I do something wrong. I'm not really good at this."

I cocked my eyebrow. "I find it hard to believe you'd ever be bad at anything." I watched her take as much of my length as she could handle into her mouth. Her head bobbed a couple times and it was such a tight fit that I couldn't take how good it felt. I threw my head back against the pillow and grabbed her head. Just holding my hand there, feeling her moving up and down. She worked so hard, stroking me with one hand and using her mouth to take me over the edge. When I felt myself nearing release I pulled her off. "You may want to stop now."

She shook my hand off her head. "I want it in my mouth. I want to taste you."

Amy took me back in her mouth and started bobbing up and down. I wasn't sure how much I had left in me, but it was enough to fill her little mouth. I could feel it coming out and her moaning as it hit her throat. She held her mouth there for a few seconds then finally released me. I waited for her to gag or run to the bathroom, but that little red head smiled and licked her lips. "Did I do good?"

She climbed up beside me. I began to laugh. "Don't ask me shit like that. You're damn near perfect. Now, get over here and teach me how to do this cuddle thing."

She may not have belonged to me, but she was mine in this room and I wasn't sure I wanted to check out.

Chapter 10

Amy

I didn't want to go to sleep, because that meant that tomorrow would be here and I would have to say goodbye to this man that held me in his arms and made me feel so many wonderful things. I wanted to savor every single second and lose myself in him over and over again.

They say that all good things must come to an end. The thought gave me a stomach ache.

Conner had made it clear that he didn't get tied down and he wasn't relationship material. I think that's what was making me so crazy. How could we have connected like we just had and it not continue? He'd awakened me and given me the most pleasure that a woman could experience.

My eyes started stinging and I knew I couldn't hold back the tears. I don't know why I was crying. I knew what this was and that we shouldn't have done it.

Conner looked down and pulled my face up toward him. Even through my blurred vision, his green eyes gave me butterflies. I didn't care if he was cocky, all I cared about was being able to feel this way again.

"Don't do this, Blaze."

I wiped my eyes and buried my face in his chest. "I'm sorry."

"I knew you were going to regret this. I just figured it wouldn't be till you got home and had to face him."

I looked up at Conner, feeling utterly confused. "What? I'm not upset about that and I don't regret what just happened between us."

"Then what is it?"

I shrugged. "I've just...never felt so good before. It's stupid, I know."

He brushed the hair away from my face. "Darlin', all I wanted was for you to enjoy yourself. You're so damn sexy. It ain't stupid."

"Conner, can I ask you a question?"

I sat up in the bed, letting the covers fall off of my naked body. I caught him looking at my br**sts before looking back up at my face. The corner of his mouth formed a smile when he knew I'd caught him. "Ask away."

I traced the skin across his abdomen as I spoke. "If I wasn't married, would you want to see me again?"

He chuckled and put his arm behind his head. His other hand grabbed one of my br**sts and played with the nipple. "I reckon' the married thing went out the door a few hours back when I took what I wanted anyway. Listen here, I don't like bein' involved with a married woman, but I enjoy bein' with you."

I started to blush as I smiled. "You do? I mean, I'm not very experienced. I bet you have a whole book of girls that can do way more than me."

He laughed again and shook his head. "You women are so worried about everyone else. I'm goin' to be honest with you. You're right. I do have a handful of women that would go above and beyond for another night with me, but not one of them has ever gotten this." He wrapped his arms tightly around me and kissed my head. "This is somethin' I never did, until now."

I rolled my eyes. "Another night with you. Do I even want to know what that assumes?"

He laughed and played with my hair. "Probably not. Look, I never said I was a saint. I enjoy sex and the company of a woman. It's always been somethin' I'm good at."

I put my hands over my face and rolled over on my back. "Oh my God! They say that you sleep with as many people as your partners have slept with. Does that mean I've been with hundreds of people?"

Conner laughed at me. He sat up in bed and leaned over my body. "First off, I ain't been with a hundred women and second, I always use protection."

"Not always." I corrected.

He rubbed his face. "Yeah, well there's a first time for everything." Without letting me get a word in, he stood up and walked to the bathroom. I have to admit, I really enjoyed watching him do it.

Of course, after pissing Conner off, I sat up in bed and tried to straighten my hair or do anything remotely helpful to make him forget I even mentioned his past partners. I don't know what made me even say anything in the first place.

When he came back out of the bathroom, I was afraid to look his way, but when he didn't climb right in bed, I looked in his direction. Conner was leaning against the wall to the bathroom, completely naked, with a big smile on his face. "Amy, I get that this is scary for you and although I ain't scared, it's new for me too. Hell, I really like you and if I gotta sneak around to be in your company, until you can get things figured out, well I reckon that's what I'm goin' to do. After bein' inside of you, I don't think I'm alright just lettin' you go." He looked down and started shaking his head. When he looked up at me, he was serious. "Now, are you goin' to invite me back in that bed or do I need to sleep somewhere else? The choice is yours, darlin'."

My heart was beating out of my chest. Conner wanting me didn't solve any of my problems, in fact, it made them ten times worse. Still, I couldn't help but feel giddy as he waited for my response. The whole world was against this relationship, but after fighting my attraction to him for many months, he was all I could think about. "The only place you're going to be sleeping is right next to me, if I let you sleep at all."

He climbed on the bed and came after me, burying his face between my bosom and shaking it around. I was laughing uncontrollably, grabbing at his head to make him stop. When he finally came up for air, he started kissing me tenderly on my neck. "Your skin tastes like heaven and you really are beautiful, Blaze."

I ran my hand through his hair. "I'm going to dye it tomorrow if you don't stop calling me that."

He laughed and looked up at me, grabbing a strand of it and combing it through his fingers. "You can change the color, but I'll always call you Blaze. You're like a little firecracker, making me chase you around until I can put out the fire."

When Conner kissed me, it was slow and passionate, not like a kiss that was just about sex. His tongue held a slow tempo as his hands explored other parts of my body. He pulled away from my face and looked deep into my eyes. "What are ya thinkin' about?"

I shrugged and touched his perfect lips. "I don't know. I guess I'm wondering what happens tomorrow. I'm not trying to spoil this, but there is a big picture that doesn't revolve around this room."

He stayed close to me. "Do you love your husband? Do you want to be married and work things out with the man?"

I shook my head. "Of course not! How could you ask me that. You know more than anyone how afraid I am of him. If I had a place to go, I would have left already."

He leaned down and kissed me. "And what about me? You sayin' you want this to happen again?"

I nodded my head and looked him dead in the eye. "You know I do. I can't even lie about it anymore. I don't care if it's wrong. The problem is, I'm not free. He watches my every move. He checks my phone calls and roots through my purse. He probably has people watching me too."

Rick scared me. I wanted nothing more than to be divorced from that son of a bitch, but the timing had to be right for it to happen, or else I could be putting my life in real danger.

Conner set his chin on my abdomen and looked up at me. He traced the skin around my breast as he spoke. "Darlin', I will find a way to see you, I promise."

"Kiss me."

Conner cocked his eyebrow. "Where?"

"Everywhere."

He started on my stomach and worked his way down between my legs, placing small soft kisses as he moved around. When he got to my pu**y, he continued placing the tiny kisses over it and all around my inner thighs. I wanted to feel his hot tongue, but he just teased me with his lips some more. "You goin' to beg me?"

I sat up and looked down at him coming so close to licking my hot sex. He kept teasing it with his tongue, making me want to jerk my hips up just to feel it on me. "Please don't make me beg you."

He kissed it again, this time holding his lips there longer. "How long did I have to wait for this night? I want to hear you say it."

I began to laugh, thinking of all the times he taunted me and all the times I shut him down. Sure his stolen kisses got me all hot and bothered, but at the time I found them inappropriate. Now, I wanted to feel Conner's hands on me; his mouth on me. While he waited for my reply, he placed more kisses all around my sex. "Conner, please use your tongue, before I go insane. I want you to lick me and never stop!" I let out a whimper, just remembering how he made me feel before.

"I knew you'd beg."

Before he could dive in, I tossed a pillow at him. "Shut up and get to work, cowboy."

I felt his tongue sliding between the folds and the room began to spin again. His tongue was a tool, designed for this very task. I screamed his name, I shuddered, I trembled and when it was all over, I was ready to do whatever he asked me.

Chapter 11

Conner

We stayed up as long as we could before our tired bodies gave out on us. When I woke up the next morning, with Amy still in my arms, I actually felt happy about it. This little game had taken me by surprise and turned into something I wanted more of. Now, the problem was going to be finding a way to make it happen.

Amy's overbearing husband already didn't trust her, and her staying out all night wasn't going to play to our favor. Sure, she would say she stayed with my sister, or someone else, but he wasn't going to believe that every single time. Amy opened her eyes and sat up. "Oh my God! Conner what time is it?"

"Just six. The sun is just risin'."

She ran into the bathroom and shut the door behind her. I put my arms behind my head and waited for her to come back out. "We have to go! You have to take me back to my car."

I tried to grab her, to pull her back in bed, but she thrashed her arm around and forced me to let go. "Please, Conner."

Since she was apparently in some kind of freak out mode, I climbed out of bed and went into the bathroom. When I came out, she was dressed back in her regular clothes and had everything that was mine packed back in my bag. "Guess you're ready to roll?"

"I just need to get home before he wakes up."

I grabbed the door and held it open for her. I handed her the keys as she passed me and tried to get a smile from her, but her face was cold and determined. I had to admit, it felt like she was blowing me off and I wasn't used to that. After tossing my key card in the night drop box, I climbed in my truck and found her sitting there waiting for me with her hands folded. The ride back to town was uneventful. She sat there looking out the window, refusing to look my way. I wasn't really sure what to say to her. I knew she was worried about that deadbeat husband catching her, but she wouldn't speak to me; the one person that kept her safe. My stomach started to hurt when I pulled up to the parking lot across from her car. I didn't want to make it obvious and pull up next to it in case someone was watching. She grabbed her keys off my dash and opened the truck door, but I reached over and got ahold of her arm before she could jump out. "Amy, wait."

She still wouldn't look at me. "Conner, please don't make this awkward."

Damn, the roles were reversing on me and I suddenly felt like one of the girls I dropped off and never called again. "When can I see you again?"

She looked down and shook her head. "I don't know right now."

"Do I get a kiss goodbye?"

She finally turned to look at me with tears in her eyes. "I'm sorry, Conner. I can't. I have to go."

I watched her walk all the way to her car before pulling away and heading back to the farm. I had to admit, I didn't like the cold side of Amy. After having such an intense night with her, the last thing I wanted to do was say goodbye.

Ty met me outside when I got home. He was in his mechanic uniform and putting Bella's bag in the Jeep for school. "Late night, dude?"

"Somethin' like that."

He shook his head. "Steer clear of your sister, bro. She's been looking for you."

Ty and I had become close again. He'd proven just how much he loved the girls and I knew he'd do just about anything to keep them safe. I had a new appreciation for him.

With my sister being pregnant and them both being consumed with worry over the paternity issues, Miranda used me as her escape. She was forever trying to dictate my life and tell me who I could see and what I should do.

I headed into the barn to wait out my sister leaving for work. Once I saw them drive away, I went into the house and threw my clothes from the bag in the wash. I grabbed something to eat and went about my day working the farm.

By lunch my thoughts were all on Amy. I wondered if she was okay. I wanted to know if Rick was up waiting for her when she got home, but mostly I wanted to know if she was thinking about me. It was crazy. I'd never cared what anyone thought about me, until now.

Since I was sort of like a foreman on the farm, I basically could run into town whenever I wanted as long as the work got done. I knew my sister took her lunch at a certain time and I waited in a faraway parking lot until I saw her and Ty leave. Amy was closing the blinds and turning her lunch sign around in the window as I opened the door. I quickly turned around and hit the lock on the door. She stood there in front of me still in shock. "Conner, what are you doing here?"

I pulled her into my arms and pressed my lips over hers. Even as I pulled away, I kept our faces close. "I needed to know you were okay and I didn't get a kiss goodbye earlier. I don't like leavin' things the way we did, darlin'."

She pushed me away. "I'm fine. It was a little rough this morning, but he didn't give me a hard time about anything. I told him I stayed with your sister and left it at that."

I wrote down my number on a piece of paper and handed it to her. "I want you to keep this. I'm always around if you need anything."

She looked down and traced the number. "You mean, if I want to hook up with you?"

I closed the paper in her hands and looked right into her eyes. "No, I mean anything. You got lucky and found me last night, but I can't go to sleep at night knowin' you could be hurt out on the road somewhere with no place to go. Memorize the damn thing and throw the paper away. I'd be lyin' if I said that I didn't want another night with you. I damn near cut off my hand at work this morning thinkin' about how you tasted on my tongue."

Her eyes opened wide at my confession. "Conner, I..." She grabbed the collar of my shirt and pulled me into her lips. I grabbed the back of her head and held her as our tongues touched and slid over one another. Her kisses became vigorous and I walked her over to one of her salon chairs. She knew what I wanted and started unbuttoning her pants the same time I undid mine. I didn't have to pull out my already hard dick, because she reached in and grabbed it herself, guiding it to the base of her entrance. I slid in with ease, going faster than I should have at first. Amy gasped as she accepted my length and grabbed my jeans to pull me deeper into our thrusts. The chair was hard to keep steady, but I put my weight down on the sides while Amy reached her legs around my waist. In no time at all, she was crying out, as I was collapsing against her. We were both sweating, but I couldn't stop kissing her. "You make me crazy, woman."

She laughed as I pulled away and I caught her checking out my package as I put it back in my pants. She bit down on her lip. "This is so bad."

I leaned down and kissed the top of her head. "Bad or good?"

"I shouldn't want you this much. It's dangerous for me and you. This was so much easier when I hated you."

I started laughing and caught her lip moving up to smile too. "So, you're sayin' you don't hate me?"

She shook her head and sighed, before pulling me by the shirt until I was against her lips. "I'm still deciding."

I placed small kisses on her lips until I heard someone trying to get in the front door. Amy pulled away and jumped up, tugging me into the back room. "You have to go." She opened the back door and started shoving me out it. I stuck my foot in the door, preventing it from closing. "Memorize that number, Blaze."

She smiled and closed the door.

I saw Ty pulling out of the parking lot as I was crossing the street. He wasn't paying attention enough to see me, so I just continued walking. I probably shouldn't have gone to her place of work, but I needed to know she was alright. I wouldn't have been able to forgive myself if he beat her when she got home.

After my little afternoon delight, I went home and finished up work early. I couldn't wait to hear her voice again and feel the touch of her soft skin. I just couldn't get enough.

Chapter 12

Amy

Being with Conner made me feel alive again, but also made me realize that I needed to get my life together. He and I probably would never have any kind of future, and in all seriousness, I knew he'd never want more than what we already were. Still, he gave me hope that someone could want me. He made me feel desired again.

I cried the whole way to my house that morning he dropped me off. Every bone in my body was telling me to stay with him. When I looked at Conner, I saw safety. Sure, the sex was the best I'd ever had, but it was more than that. I knew that he would never lay a hand on me or call me the names that Rick was forever calling me.

Much to my fears, Rick was waiting for me when I got home. He was freshly showered and cooking breakfast. I walked in feeling like I was having a bad dream. He smiled and pulled me into his arms for a kiss. "I'm making breakfast. Hope you're hungry."

I was in shock. I had to play along with his charade in order to keep the peace. He kissed me again and I neglected to return his affections. "Do you mind if I get a shower?"

"No, everything will be done when you get out."

I walked out of the kitchen, looking back to see if it was some kind of mirage. Sure enough, Rick was flipping an egg in the pan. I pretty much ran into the bathroom and shut the door. When I climbed in the shower, I was a wreck. For months this man had been horrible to me and the first time I do something that made me feel amazing, he decides he wants to be nice again. I just didn't get it.

I cried in the shower; not because of what I'd done. Nothing could make me regret that. It was perfect and I needed it. I cried because I just wanted out of this hell I was living in. Now more than ever I knew that I wanted my own life to live.

Once I was showered and dressed, I made my way into the kitchen to find Rick sitting at the table, with two place settings. He held out his hand and pointed to the seat across from him. I held my steady grin as I sat down across from him. Even with a smile on his face, he was still a monster to me. "What's the occasion?"

I was reluctant to take a bite out of anything he made, considering the fact that maybe it had all been poisoned. When I could tell he was waiting for me to eat, I took a deep breath and nibbled on my toast.

"I got a call this morning from that company I applied for; the one that transports the building supplies. They want me to start next Monday. The pay is almost double what I'm making now, but it will require me to be on the road three days a week still."

I tried to form a smile. "Congratulations. Does your daughter know?"

"Yeah, I told her this morning. Look, I know I've been hard on you, but you gotta understand, things have been difficult for me. I'm hoping this new opportunity changes everything for us."

I was hoping he was going to offer me my salon and disappear forever. "Sounds great." I couldn't pretend to be happy when I clearly wasn't. I stood up from the table and grabbed my purse that had been put back together. "I have to get to work. I have a perm coming in at eight thirty. Thanks for breakfast. I'll see you tonight."

I didn't lean over and give him a kiss and he was probably going to take it out on me later. There was no way I could sit there for another minute and pretend that I wanted to work things out with him. The whole time he was talking, I was seeing Conner between my legs, licking and kissing me.

By the time I got to the salon I was too shaken up to concentrate on hair. I had lied about the perm client and thankfully work was slow. Miranda came in and kept to herself. I knew she had a bunch going on and tried to stay out of it.

When lunchtime came around and Conner showed up at the salon, I couldn't keep my hands off of him. His strong hands touched me and gave me that urgency to be with him again. From the moment his hard erection entered me, I felt pure bliss again. He wanted me as much as I wanted him and I had to find a way to keep seeing him.

When Miranda came back from lunch early and I sent Conner out the back door, I sat around and memorized his number. For safe keeping I even stored it as a secondary number under Miranda's contact information. As the day went by and I did a few clients hair, I was reminded all day about my afternoon delight by the wetness in my pants. By the time Miranda went home and I turned out the lights to the salon, all I could think about was Conner.

I dialed his number with shaky hands, just hoping to hear his voice before I had to go home.

Hello

Conner, it's me...Amy.

Yeah, I know who it is. You alright?

I just...I just wanted to tell you goodnight.

Oh my God! He must think I am such an idiot.

Did you think about me after I left?

I'd be lying if I said I didn't.

You need to start wearing skirts to work.

Why is that?

So I can bend you over and smack your ass.

Why is that hot to me?

Because I'm under your skin. I bet your still dripping with my come. Does it make you hot thinkin' about me f**kin' you in that chair?

Yes...

Now you have no choice but to give me what I want.

What do you want Conner? I wanted to hear him say it.

I think you already know the answer to that, Blaze. The rules are off and I want more of your fine ass.

What if I say no?

He started laughing on the other end of the phone. Good luck with that, Blaze. Sweet dreams.

Goodnight, Conner.

I was literally fanning myself as I hung up the phone. Reality set in when I realized I had to go home and deal with Rick. He'd been home all day and that was never a good thing.

I locked up the salon and headed home, the whole time thinking about being with Conner again.

When I got home, Rick was waiting for me. Six beer bottles were sitting on the coffee table and the house wreaked of cigarettes. I tossed my purse on the kitchen table and tried to avoid him, but he came up behind me and started kissing on my neck.

Panic set in when I knew if I fought him, he was going to hurt me. His breath smelled like stale beer and ashtray mixed together and I wanted to gag when his tongue licked my neck.

My eyes filled up with tears and I struggled to keep them from rolling down my face. "Where you been?"

He spun me around and pushed me up against the counter. "I was at work. You know I don't get off until five." I tried to move out of the way, except he was blocking me.

"I missed you all day. The kid ain't coming home again, so I figured I could get some of that sweet pu**y tonight." His hand touched me between the legs and I cringed and looked away.

What was I supposed to do?

If I said no to Rick there was no telling what he was going to do to me. I was his wife and he expected me to do whatever he said. I was trapped in Hell and I couldn't find an escape. I wanted to throw up.

"How about I get a quick shower and get the chemicals off my hands. I can make us dinner and then we can spend the rest of the night in bed." It was my last chance at getting him away from me. If I could stall long enough, he would pass out and leave me alone.

This wasn't about Conner, it was about survival.

"Hurry up. I'm horny right now, so don't make me come find you."

When I got into the bathroom, I locked the door behind me.

I reached down in the cabinet and searched for my makeup bag, where I kept my stash of money. I searched through the bag twice and realized that my money was gone, all of it. I wanted to scream, but realized I couldn't say a word. If Rick found that money and not his daughter, then he was just waiting for the right moment to approach me. I turned on the shower, and sat in a ball on the floor. As the water trickled down my body, I cried in fear. I couldn't leave and I couldn't go out there and face him.

I wanted to be back in Conner's arms, where I knew I was safe.

I stayed in the bathroom for as long as I could and thankfully when I came out, Rick was asleep on the couch. A rush of relief hit me when I knew that he wasn't coming after me with his fists. I'd lost my appetite and crawled right into my bed. I contemplated locking the bedroom, but knew he would break it down if he found out.

I don't know how long I just laid there crying. I wanted to grab the laptop and look up how to get a fast divorce and what legal rights, if any, did I have.

Rick woke me up around five in the morning. He was on top of me and freshly showered. His naked body smothered mine and he began kissing all over my face. I felt my tank top slide up and his mouth on my br**sts. He yanked down my shorts and forced himself inside of me. Like every time we had sex, I was dry and not turned on at all. Luckily he wasn't very endowed and after being with Conner, the pain was bearable. When Rick noticed the tears running down my eyes, I told him that I was just happy about his new opportunity. As soon as he walked out of the house I ran to the bathroom and started throwing up.

If I didn't feel like a whore from cheating, I really felt like one now. I wasn't torn, I knew exactly where I wanted to be, even if I knew I could never really have him.

Since Rick was on the road for a few days, I thought I would have time to sort out what I needed to do, but something happened that I just couldn't ignore. Conner showed up on the second night right before I closed the salon. The last customer had left and he locked the door behind him.

"Amy, we need to talk."

Chapter 13

Conner

Throughout my whole life there was one person that I would have laid down and died for. I swore to my father's grave that I would do everything I could to protect my sister and make sure she was always happy.

Even though I thought Ty's plan to alter the paternity test was convoluted, it still would have given Bella the future that she deserved. Behind my sister's back, Ty had to enlist the help of one of his crazy ex's, who took it upon herself to allegedly drug him. I said allegedly, because I wanted to give my brother-in-law the benefit of the doubt before I pulverized him.

When he called me freaking out and not knowing what had happened, I told him to keep his mouth shut and live with the lie. I don't know what made me really set the plan into motion, but I got it in my head that I could somehow hook up with the chick and get her to tell me the truth without even Ty knowing.

I'd hooked up with my fair share of women, primarily on bets with my buddies, but this one was going to matter more than a twenty dollar bill. I needed to save my sister's marriage and her family.

She'd hate me for it, considering she couldn't stand the bitch in the first place and also, somehow I was on the track to sleep with someone that Ty had been with before. The thought kind of made me sick, but I kept it in the back of my head and refused to think of it that way.

The only problem I saw in my plan was getting to know the girl and there was only one person that could help me do it. I was about to really piss off someone that I may or may not have been developing real feelings for. I had to choose, my family or myself.

"Amy, we need to talk."

We were in her salon with the doors locked and the lights dimmed. I reached over and took her hand, pulling her into my arms. I just wanted to feel her soft skin once more before she slapped the shit out of me and never talked to me again. I regretted this decision from the moment I saw her beautiful smile light up when she saw me walk through that door.

With her hands around my neck, I stole one more kiss before I shattered her smile into a million pieces. "So, what did you want to talk about? The dickhead is on the road for the next two days. Do you want to go somewhere?"

God damn it! I'm such an ass**le.

"Blaze, Amy...I uh need to tell you somethin' and you're not goin' to like it."

She reached her hand up and played with my lips. "Unless you are planning on going back to being a pompous jerk, I think I can handle anything."

I pushed her away and made her sit down on one of the chairs in the waiting room as I began pacing in front of her, finally squatting down to look her in the eyes. I grabbed her hands and played with them while I thought about exactly what I wanted to say. "Ah, hell, there is no easy way to put this, darlin'. Before I tell you, I just want you to know that I enjoy bein' with you more than you know. You're different and now that I've had a taste of you, I don't want to let you go," I paused and stole a kiss. My lips stayed against hers as I gave her the news she didn't want to hear. "But I have to stop seein' you."

I felt her body tighten up even before I pulled away to see her shocked face. She let go of my hands and just sat there. "So, you just thought you could come here and tell me something like this and I'd be cool with it? I should have known it was just about getting in my pants. Conner, please just leave. I can't deal with your shit right now. I have enough on my plate and if you cared at all about keeping me safe you wouldn't have tried to be with me so hard, only to walk away once you had it." She pushed me down on the floor and started walking away from me.

"Let me explain, before you go all crazy on me." I jumped up and grabbed her from behind, wrapping my arms around her waist and not letting her go. I could hear her sniffling already and I felt awful, because I wanted nothing more than to pursue what was happening between us. I brushed my lips over her ear, and held her tight against my body.

"Let me go, Conner. You should just leave."

"I ain't leavin' till you hear me out." I turned her around and backed her up against a wall. She had no place to go and had to listen to my explanation. "This ain't about you and me, I swear it. Look, somethin' happened and Randa could lose everything if I don't help them."

Her tear filled eyes got wide. "What are you saying? I don't understand what they have to do with us."

I pulled away from her and paced around the room, taking my hat off, then running my fingers through my hair to think. "Ty got himself into trouble trying to do the right thing. As of right now, he may or may not have cheated on my sister."

"What the hell does that mean? He either did or he didn't. It isn't that hard to determine."

I shook my head. "Long story short, he thinks when he went to that Heather girl for help, she drugged him and made it look like they messed around."

"Is that what he told you? I heard the rumors about Ty. Maybe he really cheated and is just trying to cover his tracks."

I chuckled. "As much as that sounds like the old Ty. I've known him my whole life and I know that he's different with my sister and Bella. They are his whole life. You should have seen him last night. He was a damn wreck."

"Okay, so even if he didn't cheat, I don't really get your part in all of this."

I got close to her again and looked her right in the eyes. I knew she was going to be pissed. "I have to protect my family."

"You lost me."

"I'm goin' to try to hook up with the girl and find out what really happened."

She pushed me out of the way. "You offered to sleep with the same girl for information? Are you f**king insane? That is the stupidest idea I have ever heard."

I held up my hands. "It's my sister, Amy. I can't sit back and watch her lose her family, especially if it's all bullshit. Not even Ty deserves that. He loves them so much and with the twins coming, it would be terrible. I know you don't want Miranda raisin' them three kids without a daddy. Hell, he wanted to confess last night and I wouldn't let him. I don't care what I have to do, or who I have to sleep with, I am goin' to find out what really happened and protect my sister. Now, this life is full of choices and right now I am choosin' my family. Nobody can know I am doin' this, especially Ty."

Amy shocked me by placing her hand over my mouth. "Just stop talking. I appreciate that you came here to tell me all this, but we spent one night together, Conner. You don't owe me anything and frankly, I have too much of my own shit to deal with than to have something going on with you. I think it's best if we both just forget that we were ever together and do what we have to do."

Her words were like a knife stabbing me in the gut. "It's just that easy to forget?"

"Are you done, because I have things to do." She shoved me out of the way and started gathering her things up.

"Answer me. You can really forget how I make you feel?"

She turned around and looked me dead in the eye. "You're just a man, Conner. We had a good time and I needed it. I just hope we can still be cordial since you are the only person that knows about my problems. I wish I didn't have to count on you for that, but I don't have a choice if I want it to stay a secret."

"I'll be there. You don't even have to ask me that. I will always be there if you need me. I gotta tell you though, I need a favor and you're goin' to get angry about it."

She rolled her eyes and seemed genuinely annoyed with me. "What now?"

"I need you to set me up with that girl Heather." I knew she was going to be pissed, but when her hand made contact with my face, I was in shock.

"You're an ass**le. How can you ask me that? Jesus, how could I ever think that sleeping with you was a good idea?"

I wiped away the sting on my cheek. "You're actin' like I want to do this. I don't have a damn choice, if I did, I'd be in a bed with you, instead of standin' here arguin'."

She started to slap me again and I caught her hand. I held it tight, so she couldn't pull away. "I hate you right now!"

I used my hold on her to pull her against my body. "You keep sayin' that, but I don't believe you."

She tried again to get free of me. "Please let me go. I'll set you up with whoever you want, just leave me alone!"

"I want you, darlin'. I thought you understood that." I put my forehead against hers and felt her breathing, she was so close to me. "Don't ask me to choose, because I have to help my sister. I know you love her too. This ain't about me and you."

Finally she stopped trying to free herself. Her body relaxed and she kept her head against mine. "I know. I do love her and what's happening sucks, but why would you even want to do something so insane? The whole town knows Heather is a skank bitch. You're really going to put yourself in that situation for your family?"

"Yeah, I am, because at the end of the day, all you have is family."

"I don't know what that's like. I haven't been part of a family for a long time."

I cupped my hands around her pretty face. "Darlin', I can't expect you to ever forgive me, but know that I will be here whenever you need me. If you need to cry, if you need to hide, I am your guy. I promise you can count on me. You don't have to be strong by yourself. My phone is always on."

She pulled away and sat down again. "I'll help you, Conner. Hell, I will even set up a double date for you, but you need to wait until she comes in for a haircut next week to get the ball going. We only talk when she comes in. Also, Miranda is never to know that I helped you do this. She isn't going to be okay with you seeing someone she hates. Shit, she doesn't even want you with me, I can't even imagine what it would be like for her to find out about me helping you date Heather."

I put my hands on my hips. "Did you just say double date? I can't be in the same room as your son of a bitch husband, Amy. There ain't no way and darlin' you don't have to worry about me telling Miranda. If I do include you, which I probably have to at some point, I will just say that you helped me hook up with her at the bar or somethin'."

She pointed at me and started walking toward where I stood. "You listen here, if you want my help, you're going to do it my way. She isn't going to agree to date a stranger without some kind of persuasion."

I grabbed her waist and pulled her into me, even though she wasn't happy about it. "I think I'm pretty darn good at persuadin'." I brushed my lips over hers slowly. With my eyes still open, I saw her closing hers. I went in a second time, brushing my tongue over her bottom lip. "I can't sit at a table with you and not think about being between your legs. I can't pretend to want another woman, when the one I desire is sittin' across from me with someone else."

Her lips moved in sync with mine. "You can't want me, Conner. We have to stop this." The words came out of her mouth, but our kissing intensified. Her arms wrapped around me and I picked her up and sat her on the counter.

I reached my hand up her shirt and she leaned back and let me. "Just one last time then."

She grabbed my shirt and ripped it over my head. "One last time."

Chapter 14

Amy

My own messed up life was put on the back burner when my closest friend was being viciously sabotaged by one of Ty's jealous ex's. That bitch Heather was known around town for being a total whore, but for her to stoop so low as to try and ruin a marriage, well it just really rubbed me the wrong way.

When Conner came to me for help, I couldn't turn him down. I wanted to kill him at first. It shouldn't have, but it really hurt me when he said we had to stop. He was taking away the one thing that had brought a smile to my face.

Him.

I wanted to hate him, especially when he first told me. I felt rejected and used.

Right away, Conner made it clear what his intentions were, and as much as I wanted to be angry at him, I also felt so much respect that he would put his own life aside for someone he loved. I had to believe that people didn't always know this side of him.

His determination formed into a doable plan and reluctantly we were on the same page. It also came after two hours of the hottest goodbye sex ever. Conner took me against every station in the salon, before ending up on the floor in the storage room. We had a big ass mess to clean up too when we finally finished.

Still, instead of saying goodbye, I found myself wanting him more than ever.

Rick returned two days later and I told him a lie that Miranda's brother was coming into town and she wanted me to set him up with one of our clients. Rick had been in such a good mood from it being the end of the job he hated, that he agreed to a double date immediately. Of course, he knew wherever we went, it would involve alcohol.

Maybe Rick and Conner being in the same room wasn't such a good idea, but I knew he wouldn't have let me out of the house otherwise, plus, Heather was going to be swooning over Conner and I needed someone there to keep me from going all psycho bitch on her. I wasn't normally a jealous person, but Conner was another story for me. All gloves were off when it came to the way that man made me feel.

Just as I suspected, when she came in the next week, she was all about meeting a hottie from out of town. I left out the part of where he was from and who his sister was. Conner was so hot that I hardly thought she would even care where he came from.

For an entire week, I managed to keep the peace at home. Work was busy with Miranda not working as much and I was exhausted when I got home at night. I had also saved up a few hundred dollars and hid it at the salon instead of at home.

The big date night came and I think I was more nervous than anyone. Conner was looking at it like it was just some job, but I couldn't think like him. I knew seeing them together was going to send me over the edge if I let it. Heather was a gorgeous girl and Conner wasn't going to be disappointed in that department. As Rick and I drove to where we were meeting them, I felt like I was going to puke all over myself. I tried to calm my breathing and control my anxiety, but when I met Conner's eyes, I lost my balance and got weak in the knees. Rick was still getting out of the car and hadn't noticed. Conner approached me and offered his hand for me to stand up. He caught my gaze but also noticed Rick approaching my side of the car. "You must be Amy? I'm Conner, Miranda's brother. Sorry she made you do something like this. My sister is always meddling in my love life, I'm tellin' ya."

When Conner extended his hand for Rick, I saw his jaw clenching and half expected him to just pulverize Rick right there in the parking lot. Part of me even wanted him to do it.

Rick looked over at me. "You shouldn't have worn those heels if you can't even walk in em woman." He put his hand on Conner's shoulder and walked him into the Restaurant. I followed behind them regretting the whole time that I had agreed on this bullshit idea in the first place.

Heather didn't arrive for a few minutes after we got our seats and I was already feeling uncomfortable. The hostess sat us in one of those semi-circle booths and since I was the smallest, I crawled into the back with Conner and Rick on either side of me. Conner kept his distance and I was glad. Rick was asking him all about Kentucky and working on a ranch. He had no idea that Conner lived here.

I was really hoping that they would get the Kentucky talk out of the way before she started asking questions. I leaned over in Rick's ear. "Heather doesn't exactly get along with Miranda, but she thought these two would hit it off so try not to mention they are related. They don't get along anyway."

Lies, all lies. I was a professional liar now.

Rick nodded and I knew that Heather was approaching when his mouth dropped open. I couldn't help but look at Conner, to see his expression, but when I did, he was only looking at one person.

Me.

He threw me a wink, making me blush and quickly looked elsewhere. Heather looked at me before devouring Conner with her eyes. She bit down on her lip as she extended her hand to him. He scooted more toward me so she could scoot in next to him. I reached under my seat and dug my nails into it, trying to control my emotions.

"Well, Amy, you didn't tell me he was so fine. It's great to meet you, Conner." She gave him a seductive smile and we all started looking at our menus. By the time the waitress came to ask our drinks, Heather was already asking him how long he was visiting and if he had many plans while he was here.

I hid behind my menu and felt Rick's hand on my leg. I almost jumped out my seat at first and even more when he continued to move it up my leg. I think Conner caught what was going on, because he brushed my other leg with his and touched my arm light enough where nobody would notice. I readjusted my body, so Rick would quit it, but he kept doing it.

When the waiter came to take our orders, he finally removed his hand from my thigh. Heather ordered a salad and swooned over Conner like Rick and I weren't even at the table. Once the waiter walked away, Rick and Conner finished off their first beer and waited to order two more. I could see this becoming a catastrophe real quick.

I think Rick could even tell that Heather was talking too much. He cut into her questioning Conner and started talking about football. Heather checked her phone and rolled her eyes, before saying she was going to use the ladies room. Once she got up and the waiter hadn't come, Rick suggested walking up to the bar to get the beers instead of waiting. The second he left our table, Conner's hand was on my leg. He didn't scoot any closer and neither of us looked at each other as we spoke. "You okay, Blaze?"

"Not really. This was a terrible idea."

He traced my hand with his before intertwining our fingers together under the table. "If I can get along with your husband for a couple hours, you can deal with this little bitch."

"She's already f**king you with her eyes."

He chuckled again and it pissed me off. "Darlin' she can do whatever she wants with her eyes, because I've been f**kin' you in my mind ever since you got out of your car."

I pulled my hand away and slapped his leg. "Don't do that."

"What? It's the truth."

"Save it Conner, even my husband wants to see her naked. Stop acting like it's going to be hard for you." I was so annoyed. Men sucked.

Heather was fast approaching the table and I cleared my throat so Conner would see her and shut up. "She'll never get what you get from me. You just remember that."

"Remember what?" Heather asked as she sat back down.

"I was telling her that I was going to owe her big time for setting me up with such a fine ass woman." Heather blushed and giggled, while I tried to contain my anger. As Rick was approaching with four beers in his hands, I reached down and pinched the hell out of Conner's leg. He cleared his throat and slapped my hand away before reaching for his beer. "Thanks, man."

Our food finally came and so did the beers. The drunker Rick got, the more he couldn't keep his hands off of me and his eyes off of Heather. At one point he was only having a conversation with her. Being the bitch that she was, she absorbed the attention and pretty much threw it in my face with her looks.

Every once in a while Conner would tap my leg, but it didn't make me feel any better. I wanted to kill her myself and call it a day.

Once the food was cleared, I knew we would be ending the double date from Hell. I asked to be excused from the table to use the ladies room and Conner stood up too. "Do you mind showin' me where the men's room is?"

I looked down at Rick who was steady talking to Heather. "Well, what are you looking at me for? Show the man where the bathroom is already."

Once we cleared the room where our table was, Conner grabbed my hand and pulled me into the men's room. He'd obviously not needed directions to where it was located. Once he secured us in a stall and locked the door he turned around and pressed his lips against mine. "Calm down, Blaze."

I pushed him away from me. "I can't calm down. This is all pissing me off."

"Are you jealous?" he started laughing at me. "You are, aren't you? You're afraid she is goin' to give me a good time and make me forget all about you."

I pushed him again. "That's not true! I don't care what you do. Let me out of here before we get caught."

"It is true. Why can't you be honest with yourself?"

"What does it matter?" I gritted my teeth. "We aren't together, in fact my husband is out there probably trying to get in your date's pants."

He reached down and ran his hand between my legs. "Does it bother you more that he wants her, or that you want me just as much?" He licked my bottom lip and waited for me to respond. I closed my eyes, unable to control the fire burning between my legs.

"I hate you." I met his tongue before it even passed my lips. Our kiss was intense and I grabbed the back of his head and held him into me. He cupped my br**sts over my shirt and spun me around so my back was against the stall.

Finally realizing how dangerous this was, I pulled away from our kiss. He wiped his mouth. "Good call." His hands started pointing down and I saw the problem. He was so hard it was poking out of the front of his jeans. "You better give me a couple minutes to calm down."

I unlocked the door and started walking away, before I felt him pulling my shirt. With my back against his chest, he kissed my neck one more time. "When you're thinkin' about me tonight, touching all over that hot body of yours, I'll be thinkin' about you too." he smacked my ass and sent me on my way.

I was sure I was all red and bothered when I got back to the table, but neither of them noticed I even came back.

Conner returned a few minutes later and insisted on paying for all of our meals. When it was all said and done the night had gone by so fast. It was like I tuned everyone out for the whole meal. Rick put his arm around me as we were leaving and shook Conner's hand. As I climbed in the car, I caught him walking Heather to her car. I wanted to know if they would leave together. I needed to know if he would sleep with her the first night they met. A single tear trickled down my cheek as we pulled out of the parking lot.

I was so jealous. I just wanted it to be me.

Chapter 15

Conner

Her husband was a total scumbag and if I wasn't trying to steal his wife away, I would have liked to give him a piece of my mind. If I'd ever felt bad about wanting her so much, it went out the door when I saw the way he acted around Heather. He didn't care about Amy and she sure didn't deserve to be treated the way he treated her.

I was just going to say my goodbyes to Heather and be on my way, but the girl just wouldn't give up. No wonder Ty had trouble with the chick when they were in college. She wouldn't take no for an answer and I knew that denying her could ruin my chances for finding out the truth.

She played with my hands as we stood next to her car. "So, you never told me how long you're staying in town. You think maybe we could hook up again?"

I smiled, showing off my dimples and kissed her hand. It was better than kissing her mouth. I'd drank five beers, but it wasn't enough to jump right into the shit. "I'll be here for a couple of weeks and then I plan on coming back for a job I'm workin' on."

She placed her hands on my chest and leaned up, waiting for me to respond to her. I kissed her on the cheek and pulled away quickly. She backed away and bit down on her lip. "Where you staying tonight?"

"I got a room at a hotel while I'm workin' here."

"Maybe you could invite me over before you have to leave?" She kept running her hands up and down my chest.

I grabbed her hands and moved them off of me gently. "Why don't you give me your number and I will." She reached her damn hand in my pocket and pulled out my phone. Realizing that I had a picture of Bella on it, I grabbed it out of her hand. "It's been actin' up. Just tell me the number and I'll put it in, or better yet, I'll call you so you have mine too."

After giving me the number she was still all up in my business. "It's still early, you want to go out somewhere?"

I smiled and shook my head. "I'm here workin' on a construction job and we get up real early in the mornings. It's best if I get back and get some sleep. Why don't you give me a call tomorrow and we can make plans."

She leaned back against her car and took her index finger, motioning me to come toward her. I knew what she wanted and I had to close my eyes and pretend to enjoy the shit. I had to keep in mind that she wasn't bad looking and I was sure she knew what she was doing. Our lips met and I did my best to give her a kiss that would make her think about me for the rest of the night. When I pulled away, she was all smiles. "I'll call you tomorrow, Conner."

"Can't wait!" I lied.

I watched her pull away and waited to climb into my truck. This was going to be harder than I thought and it wasn't just because I was pretending. I couldn't get my damn head to stop picturing Amy going home with that bastard.

When I got back to the farm, I already had a damn text from Heather. I decided to go with it and get to know her enough to where we could end this thing quickly.

Once I got into the house, everyone was already asleep, I started to walk back to my room and I saw my sister's cell phone sitting on the table. I grabbed it and sat down on the couch, scrolling down until I found Amy's number. I thought about what to say to not get her in trouble.

Think it went well. Thanks for doing this. Hopefully he can keep his mind off of Blaze.

I got up and grabbed a beer, deciding to take the phone into my room. She wasn't going to come out looking for it and I wanted to talk to Amy.

A few minutes later it chimed.

Wow, home already? Glad it all worked out and you're happy.

Yes, I'm home. So what are you doing?

In my room.

Are you alone? Your husband is a dick.

Are we talking as Miranda or Conner now?

What do you think?

I think we better erase these as we send them and I know who I'm talking to. How did it go when we left?

I really don't like her.

Just figure out a different way to help them then.

No, the plan will work fine. Trust me. She can't wait to see me again.

Why is that?

Because I left her wanting more of my awesomeness.

I'm going to bed now.

Blaze, I was thinking about you during the kiss. I swear.

Shut up! Erase them all.

What are you wearing?

Granny panties and a smock. Goodnight Conner!

Goodnight, Blaze... Don't be mad. You know you're my favorite.

Stop texting me! I don't like you right now.

Liar.

I flipped through and erased all the messages before taking the phone back to the kitchen. Amy never wrote back, but I double checked just to make sure. She was mad at me and I knew she would be. It wasn't fair for me to keep egging her on.

When I got back in my room, I remembered I still had to answer the other chick.

Can't wait to see you again...Goodnight. - C

Can't wait either. Call me tomorrow. - H

I tossed my phone down on the bed and went to sleep.

The next day, I had to force myself to talk to Heather. Ty was beginning to show signs of breaking down. I could tell that it was tearing him apart and honestly, it was the only thing that kept me going on this scheme of mine. I just had to keep this up without anyone knowing. When I got some solid proof, I would be able to tell Ty and hopefully make everything better.

Amy refused to talk to me, even when I stole my sister's phone late that night and texted her. The more she rejected me, the more it made me want her.

My sister's shower was coming up and I knew she'd be there. The problem was that the whole family was going to be there too.

Heather was a real pain in my ass. After I called her after our date, the girl wouldn't leave me alone. The thing was, I knew I needed to take things slow and get her to trust me. It wasn't like I could just f**k her and find out the truth. I needed to catch her in her own lies. After making several lame ass excuses about having to work, I agreed to have her meet me at my motel room. Of course, I had to actually go and rent one to make it believable. When the damn clerk gave me the same room that I rented for Amy, I felt my stomach knotting up. There was no way in hell I was going to taint that night, with this first class whore.

I was determined that no matter how much she tried, I was not going to sleep with her.

She came in wearing a little skirt and a low cut shirt, revealing way too much skin for me not to look. I was a man after all and in all honesty I didn't have to answer to anyone. In her hand was a bottle of wine. She checked me out as she walked by and sat her stuff down on the table, before sitting on the bed. "I've been waiting all day to see you." She patted the bed beside her. "Why don't you come over here and say hello?"

I sat across from her. "How about I sit over here and get to know you a little better first."

She bit her lips and leaned over just enough for her cle**age to be directly eye level with me. "Don't tell me you're shy?"

I kept my baseball hat facing forward but rearranged it on my head and laughed at her comment. "Hell no! I ain't shy. I just like taking my time with a pretty lady. That's all."

She popped open the wine bottle and took a long sip from it. "We're both adults here and since you're traveling, I can imagine how lonely you must get. This town is lame and their isn't one man around that even compares to how fine you are. I think you and I could be a lot of fun."

I ran my hands over my legs. "Yeah? You have some kind of special skills I should know about?"

She stood up and walked over to the bed where I sat. "I have lots of skills. How about I give you a little sample?" She licked my shirt where my nipple was underneath while unbuttoning her little top. Her ni**les were already protruding out of her lace bra. She leaned in and brushed them against my face. I tried to close my eyes and think about building a barn or shoveling cow shit, but her f**king tits were rubbing over my mouth, blocking my mind from working right.

By the time she unhooked her bra and was topless, I just stopped playing around and went with it. It was just sex. Just an easy lay.

The end to being with Amy.

Seriously, what was I supposed to do?

She started unbuttoning my jeans and reaching her hands down my pants. Now, I had a lot of self-control, but a half-naked chick had her hand on my dick, Of course it was getting hard. "Well, aren't you full of big surprises." She giggled and licked up my shaft.

She has to think I am into her.

I grabbed the sides of the bed and gritted my teeth, trying to think of a reason to stop her, but I couldn't think of one. I didn't like the girl, but she was hot and she wanted to suck me off. I wasn't a f**king saint, so I let her continue. The girl knew what she was doing. Her mouth was big and she could take me in further than other girls. She used her saliva to make it extra slippery and jerked me off really hard while she bobbed her pretty head up and down. I grabbed her by her hair and pushed her down onto me further. I heard her gagging and pushed her down again, getting off by the sound of her taking me in so far. I could feel my release finally coming and she took it like a champ in her mouth and then ran in the bathroom to spit it out.

By the time she came out of the bathroom, I had already buttoned up my jeans. If she thought I was going to return the favor, she was in for a rude awakening.

She climbed on the bed beside me and tried to kiss me. "Sorry, I don't kiss after that. It's just a rule I have."

She looked disappointed but kissed me on the cheek and stood up. "So, what should we do now?"

My phone started ringing and it caught me off guard. I held up my finger and pulled it out of my pocket. I didn't recognize the number and it was nearing nine at night.

Hello?

Conner. Can you come get me?

I could tell she was crying right away.

Where are you now?

I hid my car behind the bar again.

I'll be there in ten minutes. Hang tight.

I turned around and looked at Heather. "That was work. Somethin's come up and I gotta go back to the jobsite. Can we continue this another time?"

She looked disappointed, but stood up and walked toward the door. "Are you going to call me?"

Just to keep her interested, I smacked her on the ass. "You're damn right I will."

"Later, sexy." She blew me a kiss before walking out the door.

Wow, a year ago I would have tore that shit up!

I waited for her to leave the parking lot before I ran out and headed in the opposite direction to find Amy.

Chapter 16

Amy

My night was going fine until my step daughter came home with hickeys all over her neck. Rick wasn't home yet and I scolded her for being so irresponsible. Of course, the moment he walked in the door, all he could hear was us screaming at each other.

He came right to her defense and then noticed the hickeys. I couldn't smell alcohol on him, but from the way he was being all loud and unsteady, I knew he'd been drinking. His daughter went running into her room and slammed the door, while he stood there with me in the corner.

He went to reach his hand out toward me and I flinched and threw my arms to cover my face. His eyes got real big and he grabbed me and threw me down on the ground. "You want something to be scared of, bitch?"

The back of his hand slapped me in the face. "Please stop hurting me," I begged.

"Aww, you poor baby. You going to cry and run out like you always do? Go ahead you whore. Run out and find yourself a pimp, cause there ain't no other man that will ever want your sorry ass again. When I'm through with you, nobody will ever want you again."

I darted for the door, grabbing my purse and keys as I ran. Unlike other times, he actually chased me outside, throwing his fists into my hood as I backed out of the driveway.

I caught myself screaming out loud as I turned the car around and pulled away just before he made contact with the driver's side window.

I hauled ass into town and pulled my cell phone out of my purse. I didn't care about using my cell phone. I just needed to feel safe and there was only one person that could make me feel that way.

Conner pulled up right next to my car and jumped out right away. I was finally calming down, but when he opened the door and pulled me out, I lost it again. "It's okay. I'm here now. You're safe, darlin'."

"I'm so sorry I called you. I didn't know what else to do."

He held my hand and helped me into his truck. "I told you to always call me."

When he drove us back to the hotel and walked me right into a room without checking in, I gave him a funny look, but walked in and laid down on the bed. He climbed in behind me and pulled me into his arms. I laced my fingers into his and let my eyes close as I cried. He kissed the top of my head. "Please leave him. This has been going on for too long. It's been more than six months now, Blaze. I want to kill that f**ker with my bare hands."

I turned around so that I was facing him. His arms wrapped around me again and he kissed my forehead. I was still sniffling and having trouble talking. "Please don't talk about it right now. Just make it go away, Conner. Please just make it go away."

He held me there in that silent room for the longest time without speaking. I didn't need him to talk, I just wanted to feel safe. I traced the tattoo on one of his arms with my fingers and brought his hand up and rubbed it against my face. Conner took my hand and kissed it. "You feel better now?"

"I always feel safe when I'm with you, Conner. Even when I'm mad at you, I know you won't ever hurt me."

"I would never lay a hand on you, Amy." He kissed my nose. "Not ever."

I looked around the room and thought about his words. "Conner, were you here with someone when I called you?"

He cleared his throat and turned over on his back, letting go of me. I sat up on my elbow waiting for him to say something, but the truth was all over his face. I started to get off the bed and he grabbed me and pulled me back toward him. "I didn't sleep with her, Amy, I swear."

"She was here, in this room with you? You would have slept with her if I hadn't called. Oh my god!" He kept holding me against him. "Let me go. You're a whore."

"You know why I had to bring her here. She thinks this is where I am staying while I work here. Would you stop trying to get away from me." He grabbed both of my hands and slid on top of me so I couldn't move. "There's only one person that I want to be with and it ain't her."

I looked away from him, even as he kissed my cheek. "You have a terrible way of showing me you want me. Hooking up with someone else is not exactly a turn on."

He started laughing at me. "You have room to talk. You're jealous that I messed around with someone else, but you sleep next to your husband at night. How am I supposed to feel about that, Blaze? It goes both ways here. I don't want to be in a relationship with Heather, especially after tonight. I'm done with being with easy women."

I rolled my eyes and looked at him. "You probably say that to all the girls you bring here."

He let go of me and fell on the bed beside me. I watched him run his hands through his hair. "Woman, you make me crazy. I swear I think it's what makes me want you so damn bad. You are so indecisive. One minute you hate my guts and the next you're gettin' all jealous. Make up your mind."

I shoved him off the bed and sent him rolling onto the floor. "I can't make a choice right now and you know it."

He kneeled and put his arms on the bed facing me. "See that's the thing. You don't want to be with me, and you don't want me to be with anyone else. How is that fair at all?"

I grabbed my head and rubbed my temples. "Talk about something else."

He jumped up on the bed again. "No! I want to know. Tell me why you don't like me seeing other women."

"Please stop it, Conner."

He leaned into my neck and kissed it. "Tell me, Amy."

I got up and ran into the bathroom, slamming the door behind me. My heart was beating so fast. I heard him knocking lightly on the door. "Why can't you tell me."

When I knew he wasn't going to give up, I opened the door and saw him standing there. "Because I want you all for myself." I put my hands on my hips. "Are you happy now? I mean, it doesn't get us anywhere. I am still married and you are in the middle of seducing the town whore in order to clear your brother-in-law from something he may or may not have done. So now it's your turn, Conner. What exactly was happening when I called?"

He grabbed my hand and pulled me into his kiss. "It doesn't matter."

"It matters to me."

He rubbed my hair. "I barely get to be with you like this. Please can we just be together tonight. I will tell you anything you want to know tomorrow. Please. I miss you."

Here was the problem. I missed Conner every single second of every single day until the next time I got to see him. I missed his touch and I missed the way he always made me feel safe. I wanted nothing more than to just be with him like we were, but in the back of my mind, I had to know the truth. "I just admitted that I may have real feelings for you."

"What do you want me to say? You know I care about you, Blaze. Is that what you want me to say? I think I've proven that to you time and time again."

"Did you sleep with her?"

"I told you no."

"Did you kiss her?"

"She kissed me a couple times." I clenched my jaw. "Amy, please don't do this."

"Have you ever seen her naked?" He looked away and scrunched up his face. It hurt me immediately picturing him seeing her with no clothes on. "Has she seen you naked?"

"Some parts." He looked down at the floor and avoided eye contact.

"What parts?"

He grabbed my arms and looked at me and he wasn't happy. "Damnit, why are you doin' this? It doesn't matter what happened earlier tonight. It meant nothin' to me and you should have known that when I came runnin' right to you. I will always be there for you, Amy. Now, you can go on with your little tude, but at the end of the day, you know what I'm waitin' for and it ain't that little blonde."

He kissed my hands and released them as he walked over to the second bed and flopped down on it. He took his hat and covered his face with it, before crossing his arms and appearing like he was going to sleep.

I just stood there like an idiot, watching him. I put my hands on my hips like it made me tougher. "She probably has rabies, you know."

He never moved from his position. "Guess I better get a vaccine then."

I huffed and puffed and finally laid on the opposite bed across from his. I tried to get myself comfortable, but couldn't seem to fall asleep knowing he was that close to me. If he was messing around with Heather, I couldn't be with him. It was nasty to me and even though I knew his intentions were for something good, it made me sick.

Finally, after I'd counted sheep, recounted every step I took and even opened and closed my eyes until I couldn't hold them open anymore, I still couldn't fall asleep. Exhaustion hit me and I began to sob. I felt the bed move and his arms around me before I could argue with him.

His lips brushed my ear. "Wrap your arms around me, Blaze."

I turned around and nestled my body into his. His strong arms reached around my back. "Thank you for saving me."

"Thank you for lettin' me. I don't like sharin' either, darlin'."

Chapter 17

Conner

Things with Amy didn't get any better after that night. Heather called me right after I dropped Amy at her car and after the drama it caused, I just wanted to get the whole nightmare over with. Ty was a walking time bomb, but I refused to tell him what I was doing. I needed to get this girl to talk to me, instead of just trying to f**k my brains out.

I decided to go another route and take the girl somewhere without a bed. To avoid seeing Brina and having her fill Heather in on who I really was, I thought it'd be best to take her to the next town over. I picked Heather up at her house, which was cool since I now knew where she lived. Right away she started rubbing all over my pant leg. "I'm so glad you called."

"Me too. Do you like Italian?"

She started playing with her phone as I drove out of her development. "Yeah, I dated this guy that was obsessed with it, but it's fine."

"I guess I should have asked if you were seein' anyone."

"No, it's been over for a long time. I thought we were going to reconnect, but he turned out to be a liar."

I needed to keep this conversation going. "Was it a serious relationship?"

"Let's just say we had different opinions on the term serious. I wanted to be his girlfriend and he just wanted someone to cheat on his girlfriend with."

"Sounds like a real ass**le." Saying that made me smile. I kind of pictured Ty listening like I was wearing a wire. It would have been kick ass to see his reaction. "Do you ever run into him. I hate towns that are small like this."

She was still looking down at her phone texting. "I saw him a while back. If I never saw him again it would be too soon. How about you? Do you have someone special at home? You're not married are you?"

"No, not married. I have a complicated relationship with someone, but it's nothin' serious. She's married to a real ass**le who treats her terrible."

"So, do you still see her?" She immediately was interested in the conversation.

"Please don't think bad of me for wanting to hook up with someone who was married. I didn't mean for it to happen." This was working out better than I thought. I was baiting the bitch.

"No, never. Sometimes you can't help who you fall in love with."

"Yeah. It doesn't matter anyway. I'm here and she's there." I grabbed her thigh and squeezed. "Besides, I am thinkin' there are other possibilities out there."

She smiled and looked me in the eye. I winked at her and made her blush.

When we finally got to the restaurant she had told me all about her mother and her brother, but no more about her ex. I knew I couldn't just find it out without being obvious and that it was going to take time. I just hated that I was doing it at all.

I'd never cared about a girl like I cared about Amy and it hurt me to think that she was picturing me with someone else. I also hated that she was stuck living with that ass**le.

Heather and I had a nice meal and continued to talk about many things. I talked about my family, but left out the details of who they were and where they lived. We talked about college, which I lied about attending. She talked about her and her roommate hooking up and I have to admit that was kind of a hot dinner topic. What guy doesn't want to hear about two chicks getting freaky? One sure fire way to not have sex with a chick was to get her too drunk to function. In the past I had hated when a girl got too drunk to f**k, but in this case, I found it to be a resource.

I dropped Heather off, hoping to get a look inside of her house and get her to spill about Ty, but her mother pulled up from working at the hospital and left me standing on the front sidewalk with nothing but a goodnight wave.

She drunk text me as I was driving home, but I'd already failed at getting what I needed, so I just ignored her. I was getting closer and she was trusting me. I need to figure the shit out soon.

I'd gotten in the habit of memorizing Rick's schedule, so I knew when I could text Amy. We'd been talking more on a friend level and even though I wanted her more every day, it never got to the point where she gave me the go-ahead.

What are you doing? - C

Reading a book - A

Is it about how to leave your husband and be with a real man? - C

You wish - A

I do! How was your day? - C

Busy. How about you? - A

I kept thinking about this beautiful redhead. - C

What about her? - A

How much I miss holding her and kissing her. - C

Well maybe she is afraid of where your mouth has been. - A

Maybe the last place it's been was between her legs. - C

Yeah right! - A

Fine, don't believe me, Blaze. You're going to kiss me at the baby shower, even if I have to make you. -C

Goodnight Conner! - A

Goodnight Beautiful. - C

It was difficult for me to not be able to have the woman I wanted. All my life, I pretty much had my choice of women and now the one I wanted more than anything was unavailable. I kept waiting for her to leave her husband but it wasn't happening. I knew she didn't love him, in fact she hated him.

Between work on the farm and dealing with living with my family, it was easy to keep busy and not dwell on my sadness. I'd never thought about using drugs to get over my depression. I wasn't that depressed, really. I just wanted something I couldn't figure out how to have. My sister kept a close eye on my activities and Ty hinted several times that she suspected I had a thing for Amy. If she only knew how bad of a thing I had, she would have been flipping out with her big ole belly.

Since I knew all about her shower and the fact that the whole family was coming to stay, I had a bunch to do before the big day. I had to be careful around my nosey cousins when Amy showed up. They would have me figured out in seconds.

Ty and Amy had done all of the party planning so it was natural for her to show up even before the family arrived. Ty had taken Miranda and Bella to church and left us to start getting everything set up. My face lit up when she walked in the door. Everyone else had just left for church and would be at least two hours and the rest of the family was still in route.

She walked right in and sat her stuff down. "Hey."

I had just gotten out of the shower and left my shirt off so it would drive her crazy. My hat was turned around backwards because I knew I'd want to kiss her as soon as I saw her. I approached her and grabbed her by the hands, pulling her back to my bedroom. She held my gaze while we walked and never tried to stop me.

Once we were in my room, I closed the door and leaned her up against it. I took my hands and moved the hair away from her face. I could feel the heat between us as I approached her until our mouths were almost touching. "Tell me to kiss you, Blaze."

She closed her eyes. "You know we can't."

"Is that what you really want?" I brushed my lips over hers.

"No."

"If you could have anything right this minute, what would you choose?" I kept brushing my lips over hers.

Her eyes opened and she looked right at me. "You."

I kissed her bottom lip first, taking my time. When I felt her hand on my chest, I started backing us up to my bed. She reached down for my pants and started unbuttoning them. I kicked them off of me once they fell to the floor. Her shirt came up over her head next as well as her hook in the front bra. It had been so long since I'd been with her this way that I laid her down and fell on top of her, immediately taking her soft nipple into my mouth and sucking on it until it became hard.

I licked around her areola and bit at her nipple one more time before moving to the other side. As I cupped it in my hand and began rubbing it with my lips, she moaned and licked her own. I kept thinking about her sweet tongue and wanted it all over me. I kissed down her stomach and pulled off her jeans. When I got to her panties, I licked over her hot sex until the fabric became wet and I could start to taste her through the cotton. She brought her knees up and placed her palms on them. I held her legs and moved her panties to the side with my teeth, nuzzling my nose up her pu**y until I reached her clit. Her body jerked when I tapped it with my nose. I used one hand to pull off her panties as I kissed her inner thigh. I loved hearing her moan, especially when she knew I was about to make her feel so good.

I licked over her little bud, flicking it several times with my tongue. Each lick made her jerk her body and I grabbed her legs to hold her still. Her pu**y lips glistened with my saliva and I used my tongue to separate them and enter into her sex. I could taste her musky arousal as I licked from the base of her pu**y to her clitoris. When I knew she was on the verge, I sucked her clit into my mouth and sucked it hard. She bucked and cried out before finally relaxing. I kissed my way back up to her lips and shared her own juices in our next kiss. She moaned more when she tasted herself on my tongue.

"Do you want me to stop, darlin'? You gotta tell me now, before I can't."

She shook her head as she kissed me again and wrapped her legs around my waist. "No, please don't stop, Conner. I want you so bad. I want you inside of me."

She kissed the base of my neck and slid her tongue all the way down to my chest. I watched her nibble on my tiny ni**les before licking them. She kissed over the cross tattoo on my chest and came up again to drag her tongue over my mouth. I grabbed her body and stilled her, never stopping our lips from coming back together. "Don't stop."

This woman was perfect. Everything she did to me, made me want her more. Her touch was like electricity and her tongue was better than any drug I'd been consumed in.

She gasped when I slowly entered her and wrapped her legs around my back. I couldn't stop kissing those perfect lips of hers as we began swaying back and forth. Our rhythm was so in sync as our bodies crashed together, filling the heated room with sounds of pleasure.

Without releasing, I sat up and secured her legs tighter around my back again. She began rocking her hips and grinding them into me. I ran my hands into the sides of her hair and pulled her face into mine. Her blue eyes sparkled as I watched the different expressions taking over her face. I held onto her ass and squeezed the cheeks as I pulled her into me. She leaned back, letting me take in those perfect tits, and grabbed my ni**les with her fingernails. I closed my eyes and tried to decide whether it was pain or pleasure. Letting the sensations run through my body, I felt my release and grabbed around to the back of her shoulder to hold her tight against my body.

She cried out as my erection emptied inside of her and relaxed her head on my chest. I continued to kiss the top of her head and hold her tight. After a few moments, I knew we had to get up and get cleaned up. I cupped her cheeks and kissed her tenderly. "What are you doin' to me, darlin'?"

She shrugged and started climbing off of me. I grabbed her and pulled her back onto the bed. "As much as I love watching you walk around naked, I'm not ready to let you go just yet."

"People are going to be here and there's nothing done. Do you want them to find out about us?"

I ran the back of my hand over her cheek. "I don't give a damn who knows. How much longer are you goin' to make me wait before admittin' that we are good together?"

She shook her head and looked away. "Conner, please don't do this. We can't."

"We can't, or you don't want to?" We were sitting on the bed facing each other and my heart was beating so damn fast just talking to her. "Amy, I think about you all the time. I'm tired of wonderin' if I gotta wait another six months to be with you."

"It isn't that I don't want that. You know I do. We just can't yet."

"When then? When are you goin' to finally be free?"

"When are you going to stop this bullshit plan of seducing Heather? Even Ty would say you were an idiot if he knew what you were doing." She cocked her eyebrow and I knew the subject pissed her off.

"It's not like I'm sleepin' with her."

"Not yet!"

"Woman, all you have to do is decide to be with me and there won't be anyone standing in our way. I can promise you that."

She shook her head and started putting her pants back on. "You don't know what you want Conner. For you, it's about the chase. If I was single, you probably wouldn't even be interested. I'm older than you and have nothing to offer." She motioned her hands between the two of us. "This is all about the excitement. It's not real."

"You don't believe that." I grabbed her and pulled her into my arms. "You're wrong. At first maybe it was about gettin' in your pants, but it ain't like that now. Once I had you, I knew I wanted somethin' more. You can deny it all you want, but I ain't never wanted a woman, like I continue to want you."

"I need time, Conner. I need you to be my friend right now."

I put my hands in my face and held them there for a second. "I ain't never met a woman as stubborn as your ass. I will break that wall and you will be mine."

She patted my leg and kissed the top of my head. By the time I looked up she was walking out of my room.

Chapter 18

Amy

Spending time with Conner and Miranda's family always made me envious. They were all so close and I wanted that for myself. Conner kept pushing my buttons during the baby shower. Every time he got a chance he was catching me standing alone in a corner and reminding me of what we had done in his room.

I wanted to believe that he had real feelings for me, but I think sometimes he forgot that I'd known his sister for a long time and she had told me all of the stories about him. He wasn't exactly the poster boy for relationships, in fact, she told me once that he didn't do them at all. Still, the man was always around for me. I could call him in the middle of the night and he would answer.

In the next month Rick became overwhelmed with his new job. His daughter was pretty much living with her boyfriend, behind her father's back. I kept busy with work and saved up two thousand dollars without anyone noticing. It wasn't enough to move out, but it gave me hope that it would come soon. When I did leave, I would be without a job and a place to live.

Since Rick was always on the road, we got along better when he was home. His new schedule kept him away for four days out of the week and normally he would sleep for two whole days when he was home. He claimed the money was better, but I never saw a cent. I had no idea what our bills were, not that I even cared anymore.

I stayed focused, becoming even better friends with Conner, while keeping my distance from him. It was easy with Rick being seemingly happy at home. His drinking was lighter and we hadn't had any kind of confrontations. I knew that he knew I was unhappy though, because there was no chemistry between us. Several times he had initiated sex with me and I ended up just lying there the whole time. I couldn't get into it. He repulsed me so much that I loathed him.

I will never forget the day when I decided to write my father a letter. I told him how I needed him in my life. It was hard for me to mail it out but I did it anyway. I also reached out to my brother and sister, who I found on the internet, living in other states. It was difficult for me to admit, even on paper, how my life had turned out. It was also hard knowing that the only person I could talk to about it was Connor.

He said he wanted more from me, but I couldn't see past my current situation to take that kind of leap. It was like he kept hanging on even when I gave him a million reasons to stop being my friend. I felt like in some ways I was using him for his kindness. I didn't want to be that person, so I ended up pushing him further away. Still, my feelings never changed for Connor, and at the end of every day he was all that I wanted and what I would never have.

After two weeks of waiting I finally heard from my sister. She was in the middle of a divorce and raising her three children by herself. I was happy to be back in contact with her, but as far as getting help, I knew I just couldn't ask.

She told me that my brother had gone to jail for armed robbery. His wife cleaned out the house and took the kids and nobody ever heard from her again.

I had hopes of reconnecting with my father, but as the weeks turned into months, all my hope went out the door.

For many nights I cried myself to sleep. I was utterly miserable and couldn't find that one olive branch to help find my way out of it all. I was pretty sure Rick was seeing someone while he was on the road. Since his daughter basically didn't live at home anymore, he spent more time out driving and less time being off. It was fine with me, since I wished he would get hit by a car and die. I hated to be so cold, but he'd hurt me physically and mentally and I knew I could never get past that.

I knew he'd stopped caring about what I was doing. Conner called me every day and we talked sometimes into the night. He continued to ask me every day to see him, but after two months, he was still pretending to have feelings for Heather. I refused to ask him details of their relationship, but he said he was close to knowing the truth and ending the charade.

I think the hardest part was when she came in for a haircut. I had prepared myself for how she was going to brag, but several times she gave details that only someone who had been intimate with him would know. I about choked on my gum and had to hold back the tears.

I was putting foil highlights in her hair and trying to sing along to the radio to keep her from talking about him, but it was inevitable. "I just want to thank you again for setting me up with Conner. He is amazeballs."

I rolled my eyes and kept working. "We'll, that's good. He seems real nice."

"He is such a gentleman and let me tell you, he is not lacking in the package department. That man is hung like you wouldn't believe. The things he can do with his mouth, oh my God, it's insane."

My hands began to shake and I wished that I was holding a pair of scissors. "It's great that you're hitting it off, I could tell that you would."

I seriously wanted to hurt the girl. She had no idea how upset I was over the situation and no idea what she had with Conner wasn't even real.

"So where has Tyler's wife been these days? Did she finally deliver those kids that probably aren't even his? He made a big mistake choosing her over me. I could have given him his own kids. Instead of some other losers." She played with her phone while I considered ripping out her hair and shoving it down her throat.

"She hasn't delivered yet and just so you know, the twins were planned. Does Conner know you're still hung up on Ty?" I knew Heather was a bitch before I had even met Miranda, and she clarified that she hadn't changed during the double date with Conner, but for her to be so nasty about one of my best friends sent me over the edge. Finally, after being so angry with Conner, I understood what he was doing and why he was doing it.

"Hung up on Ty. That's a good one. If I never saw him again it would be too soon."

I continue to put the treatment into her hair. "Seriously, Heather, you can be honest about it. When you say Ty's name your eyes light up. If he wasn't with Miranda, would you consider being with him again?"

She shrugged her shoulders. "That would never happen."

"It was just a question. I mean, you seem happy with Conner, but I get how some guys are easy to get hung up on."

"Ty's my past. He was fun and so good at sex. I wanted to be with him, but there was always some other girl standing in my way. If he'd just given me a chance, we'd be married, instead of who he's married to now."

I swung her chair around so she was facing me. "Miranda is one of my best friends. She loves her family and would do anything for her husband because they adore each other and were truly meant to be together. Ty was right to kick your pathetic ass to the curb because you're nothing but a common whore. Take your ass up out of my salon and don't come back here again."

She reached up at her head full of bleach and foil. "I'm not leaving until you rinse this out."

I pointed across the room. "The sink is over there. Help yourself and then leave my place of business. Oh, and as far as Conner goes, well, I hope he figures out the kind of person you really are, because you sure as hell don't deserve someone like him in your life."

She leaned down in the sink and tried to rinse out her hair. "I will have this place shut down by tomorrow. You'll be sorry you stupid bitch!"

I walked right up to her in front of another client and slapped her right in the face. "Get out!"

"Fuck you, Amy. Screw you and your damn friends."

The little old lady that I'd forgotten was under the dryer, smiled at me. "She's a bit of a firecracker ain't she?"

I smiled back. "Yeah, she's a real pain in my ass."

I didn't waste any time in calling Conner. I was so roused up over it that I needed to vent.

Amy? You alright, darlin'?

Not really, I just had a run in with your fake girlfriend.

He started laughing on the other end of the phone. What exactly does that mean? Were you rollin' around on the floor?

No, but I kicked her ass out of my salon with chemicals still in her hair and I slapped her stupid ass right in the face.

Hell, I would have liked to see that. You need me to stop by?

Are you looking for an excuse?

I always look for an excuse to see you.

I just wanted you to know that I hope you rip her apart. She deserves it now more than ever.

I'm heading into town in a bit. I'll be stopping by for a kiss.

I may actually give you one.

Oh, you will. Later, Blaze!

When I closed for my lunch hour, Conner knocked on the back door of the salon. I knew it was him, because he was the only person to use it.

He brushed his hand over mine as he walked by. Once I locked the door, he spun me around and traced my face with one of his thumbs. "You goin' to smile for me, or do I have to force that out of you too?"

I sighed and leaned my head on his chest. "I'm sorry. I'm just tired of the bullshit."

He pushed me back so he could look at me. "Tell me somethin'. If I wasn't doin' this shit with Heather, would you want to be with me? Like really be with me?" He held up his hand and put it over my lips so I couldn't answer yet. "I know you have a bunch of legal shit to deal with, but I just need to know if I'm wasting my time here."

I shrugged. "Conner, please don't make me answer that right now."

He grabbed my hand and kissed it as he spoke. "I'm crazy about you, darlin'. It's just, sometimes, I need to know that I'm not alone in this. You never talk about it."

"Because being with you means I have a chance of losing you and I don't think I could handle it if that happened. Right now I need you so much and I just can't take that chance." I reached my arms around his strong body and he reciprocated right away. "I couldn't have gotten through the past seven months without you, Conner. Please don't give up on me."

He kissed the top of my head and kept his head overtop of mine. "I'm not goin' anywhere, I promise."

I needed to hear that so much. It was because of Conner that I had hope. I just wasn't ready to make a promise to him, knowing I could end up going back on my word.

Chapter 19

Conner

I'd been seeing Heather on and off for about two months. Since I had a hard time being physical with someone, for the first time in my life, I found myself getting to know her on a personal level. Don't get me wrong, I hated her more every day, but it was working to my advantage.

She was opening up and telling me everything I wanted to know. I knew I only needed one more date to seal the deal. The problem was, she was getting tired of giving me head with nothing but finger action and a little making out from me.

I knew I was going to have to sleep with her.

Amy and I were on the same page as far as Heather went, but I wasn't sure if I was willing to blow my chances with her, to seal the deal with Heather. Losing her wasn't an option for me. It was obvious that I'd never had feelings for anyone in my life like I did for Amy. Since I'd already waited this long to be with her, it just didn't makes sense to let it all go.

Ty approached me about not being able to live the lie. He was unhappy at work and seemed to be on edge all of the time. I could see that it was tearing my sister apart. I think she believed it was just her pregnancy and that everything was going to go back to normal.

I will not forget the day she told me she was going out to run errands. She seemed weird, but I believed that she had things to do. She was so big and pregnant and just wanted everything in order.

Hours later Ty came home freaking out. "Where are they? Is something wrong?"

I stopped what I was doing. "Miranda said she ran out to run an errand. What's wrong with you?"

Ty started frantically looking around. I had no idea what had gotten into him and my first thought was that he had told her the truth.

I followed him into the house and watched him walking in and out of every room. While he was freaking out, I saw something on the coffee table and walked closer for a better look. I couldn't believe my eyes. "What the f**k! Ty, you need to get in here."

His eyes were wet with tears as he came into the room. When he looked down and saw those photos of him and Heather, I was pretty sure it was the lowest point of his life.

I sat down and said nothing at first. I was just as shocked as Ty. I mean, to see those pictures certainly made him look guilty.

"She's gone. She's f**king gone." He crushed one of the pictures up and threw it before turning to look at me.

I had a note in my hand and leaned over to hand it to him. "This was sitting on top of the pictures."

This was so bad. My sister was out there somewhere freaking out. She was too pregnant to be traveling alone with Bella.

I already had an idea of what the letter said. If I knew my sister the way I thought I did, she freaked out and wrote the first thing that came to her mind, which to Ty's dismay, was about them being over.

Sure enough, as his sniffles increased, he leaned over and handed me the paper. I had been right about her feelings and what the letter contained. I felt bad for both of them, because as much as I wanted to beat the shit out of Ty for being with my sister behind my back, I knew he loved her more than anything in the world now.

Ty got down on the floor and took another look at the incriminating pictures. I leaned down and put my hand on his shoulder. "It's goin' to be alright. I'm goin' to help you get her back Ty."

"What the f**k are you talking about? Have you seen these pictures? She's gone, man. She's never going to forgive me. I don't even forgive myself."

I flipped through them and just shook my head. They were pretty damn incriminating to look at.

Ty covered his face up to conceal some of his anguish. "Look at these, Ty. There isn't one picture where you're touching her with your own hands. She is doing everything, in fact look at this one." I held one up. "I bet you a million dollars you never even had sex with this bitch."

He just shook his head and started trying my sister again on the phone. I knew she wasn't going to pick up. "Even if we could prove that, Miranda will never believe me. I lied to her. I kept it from her. How the hell did she even get these things?"

Ty needed to breathe. "You need to calm down. I know my sister. She may be mad, hell, she may even hate you right now, but she also loves you more than life itself. What you two have is somethin' special. She can't really think you're this guy." I pointed to the pictures again. "You don't even have time to be this guy."

"I f**ked it all up, all over papers to be Izzy's real father. God, Conner, what am I going to do without them? What am I going to do?"

Like a freaking maniac, Ty went running out the front door. "Ty wait! Where are you goin'?"

"Drive me to the airport, Conner. If I leave in the next hour, I can beat her there."

"She's not goin' to want to talk to you."

"I don't care. She needs to know the truth, even if she doesn't want me anymore, she needs to know that I never wanted it to happen. I would never have done that to her or to our family. She's all I want, she's all I'll ever want."

"I get it Ty, but right now, she's a mess. Hell, she couldn't even tell me what she was plannin'. Just give her a few days. She'll miss you and want to talk. Come on Ty, she was willing to trust Tucker again, she'll forgive you. I will help you."

He continued shaking his head and pacing around. "I can't just stand here waiting. I have to see her. I have to be close to her. I need to see my wife."

"Fine, I'll take you. When things get worse, don't say I didn't tell you so. I know my sister and she needs time."

"She needs to know that those pictures were not my doing. I threw up when that bitch tried to kiss me. Do you really think I'd let her put her f**king pu**y in my face? You're a f**king guy, and I know that you wouldn't do that shit to someone you hated. I've done that to two people in my life and you know both of them. That is the picture that broke your sister's heart. She needs to know it ain't real."

I threw my hands in the air. Arguing with him was a lost cause. He was completely irrational.

"I need to call Van."

I turned around wondering if I'd heard him right. "You really think you want to talk to her about this? Isn't Heather the one who Van caught you with? You really think she'll believe you?"

Ty's hands came down on my dashboard. "God Damnit! I don't know what to f**king do. I messed up so bad. This isn't just about losing my wife, I'm losing my whole family. Heather knew this would happen. She did this shit on purpose to ruin my life."

I pulled over and put the car in park. "Just hear me out. I know the shit is crazy right now, but neither one of you are goin' to do any good to each other by hashing this out tonight. Let her get to Kentucky and calm down. Call Colt and Van if you need to, but just wait this out, Ty. I got a plan that might just save your marriage. I need you to calm down and trust me. Can you do that?"

Ty climbed out of the truck to clear his head. I wasn't about to tell him that I was already trying to get the truth out of that f**king bitch. I felt bad for not having found out the truth before this catastrophe happened and my sister had to be destroyed in the process.

Ty climbed back in the truck. "Just turn around. I don't know what you have planned, but I will give you the night to figure it out. Even if I went to Kentucky, there's nothing I could say to convince her to come back to me. I know she's done. You can say she will forgive me, but she'll never be able to trust me or look past it. I need to face the music. She's gone. My family is broken because I'm the biggest f**king idiot on the planet." He beat on the dash again.

Once I got showered, I handed Ty a glass and a bottle of whiskey. He needed to just drink himself drunk and pass out. I knew where I needed to go, but there was something that I had to do first.

I dialed my sister's number and got no answer. I wasn't surprised. She hated talking when she was mad. Without even thinking about the time of day it was or even if she'd still be there, I drove to the salon.

The lights were out, but her car was still in the parking lot. I knocked on the door and heard her approaching. She looked shocked to see me and looked around outside, before letting me in. We stood there in the dim lit salon. "What are you doing here? You could have called me."

I started pacing. "I'm sorry. I wasn't thinkin'. Look, that bitch showed up at my house today with pictures of her and Ty naked in a bed. I just left my brother-in-law a cryin' wreck at home and I can't get in touch with my sister. I know she's goin' to Kentucky, but I have a terrible feelin' about this."

"So, now that there's pictures, doesn't that mean he really did it?"

I shook my head. "That's just it. They look posed. His eyes are closed and he isn't touching her in any of them. Plus, someone else had to take the damn pictures. I'm telling ya, he's bein' set up."

"How are you going to find out about these pictures. It's not like you can ask her."

I grabbed her and pulled her chin up. "Kiss me."

She reached up and touched her soft lips to mine. "You're scaring me."

"Sit down for a minute." She gave me a funny look but led me by hand to where she sat down.

Once she was seated, I crouched down in front of her and rubbed my hands over her thighs. I smiled and let out an air filled laugh. "Would you just tell me what is going on? Conner, please. You are being strange."

"Do you remember when we first met?"

"How could I forget? You were the biggest douche I'd ever met." She pulled my hat off of my head and stuck it on hers while she giggled. "You thought you were king shit."

I kept smiling, thinking back on it. "I still am."

"Whatever! Would you just tell me what's wrong."

"I wouldn't change the way I acted that day, if I had to do it again. There was somethin' about you, even back then. You were a little firecracker, not takin' any shit from me. It made me want you more."

She bit down on her lip and played with my hair. "You need a haircut."

"Yeah, my personal stylist refuses to cut my hair naked, so we are at a catch twenty two in that department." She leaned down and kissed my forehead. I grabbed her hands and played with them while I thought about what to say. "I have to do somethin' and you're not goin' to like it very much, but I can't go through with it until I know I'm not goin' to lose you." I held my hand up over her mouth. "Just wait a minute, darlin'. I know you say I don't have you, but the way I see it, you've been mine for a while now. Like it or not, that's just the way it is."

"Conner, you know my situation. Just tell me what you're thinking about doing. Nothing can ruin our friendship."

"This ain't about a friendship, Amy." I stood up and walked around the room.

"Fine! You're not just my friend, Conner. You're right, you've always been more to me, but it doesn't change our situation."

"But sleeping with Heather would, right?"

I turned around to look at her shocked face. "Why would you ask me that? You said you weren't going to do it. Did you lie to me?"

I grabbed her arms and got closer to her. "No! I didn't lie to you, but everything has changed now. She's sabotaged my sister's happiness."

She threw her arms in the air. "Why does it have to be sex? Why Conner? It just seems like an excuse to sleep with her."

I approached her from behind and grabbed her by the waist, pulling her back into my chest. "Maybe it won't come to that, but I was tryin' to do the right thing and tell you the truth, because when this is all said and done, no matter how it turns out, I want to be with you."

"I can't deal with this. Do what you have to do, Conner. I can't stop you and I don't even have the right to."

"You do though. Hell, I wish you would just fight me about it. Get mad, but f**king say how you feel."

Her hands formed into fists and she pushed me away from her. "I hate my life! I hate that I have to live in that house with that disgusting excuse for a man. I hate that I can't find a way out no matter how bad I want to. I hate that you touch her and let her do things to you. Most of all I hate how I feel about you, Conner. Do you hear me? I hate feeling this way because of you. Please just go do what you have to do."

I took her into my arms and held her tightly against my body. "The only thing I have to do right now, is be with you. You can fight me all you want, but you and I are aren't leavin' this place until you calm down."

Tears poured out of her eyes and I felt like I couldn't get away from over emotional people. I knew I was going to hurt her, but in the long run, even if she never forgave me, I wanted her to know I was honest to her. I owed her that much. "I'll be fine. I always am."

"Yeah, I get that, but you also always find your way back to me. I just need you to promise me that I'm still goin' to be your go-to guy."

She finally stopped fighting and let me hug her. "Well, it's not like anyone else wants the job."

"Maybe because they know I will f**kin' kill them."

She patted me on the shoulder. "You have to go. Rick comes home tonight and if you're going to be indisposed, I have to put on a happy face and have his dinner ready."

"There's just one more thing I came here to tell you, Amy."

"What? Put poison in his dinner?"

I leaned down and kissed her, holding her lips to mine, knowing this could be the last time I got to do it. "I love you, Amy."

Chapter 20

Amy

Speechless! That's what I was.

Conner stood right in front of me with the most serious face I had ever seen him have. This beautiful man had just said something to me that changed everything. He'd been waiting patiently for me to make a decision and this was his last Hail Mary.

"Did you hear me, darlin'? I just told you that I loved you and you're just standin' there like you didn't hear me."

I wanted to break into a crying fit. There was nothing that I wanted more than to be able to tell Conner how I really felt about him. I was so flabbergasted and overcome with pure happiness. "I heard you. I just wasn't expecting you to say something like that."

Conner reached his arm around me and used his other to brush his fingers over my lips. "I can be a selfish man, Blaze. I've always taken what I wanted and didn't think about who I hurt to get it. I've done everything different with you though. I've been patient and I've sure as hell been understanding with your situation. Do you have any idea how hard it was for me to sit at a damn table with that son of a bitch that put his hands on you. You don't know how hard it was for me to not knock his ass out."

"I would have been happy if you had. He means nothing to me."

He brushed our noses, letting his lips barely touch mine. "Are you sayin' that because maybe you're in love with someone else?"

His kiss was slow and steady. As it intensified, I felt his hands reaching up the back of my shirt. My emotions were all over the place. I pulled away from Conner just enough to catch my breath. "I..."

His phone started ringing and he grabbed it out of his pocket. "Hold that thought, darlin'."

Conner played with my hair as he answered the phone, but in the short time it took him to say 'hello', his hand dropped and his face turned bone white.

He put the phone down and looked at me with a terrifying look on his face. "I have to go."

He didn't explain who was on the other line, or why he left in such a hurry. I knew something was wrong for him to bolt out the door the way he did. I grabbed my own phone and started dialing numbers, trying to make sure Miranda was alright, but it kept going to voicemail. I'd never seen Conner look like that before, so I ran out into the parking lot, but he was already pulling away. I went back inside and walked over to sit down until I could get someone to answer their phone. After calling Conner and Miranda's number with no answer, I heard the salon door opening. I got up and started running toward it. "Conner, my God, what is..."

Rick stood there with his arms crossed in front of his chest. "How long you been f**king him, you little slut?"

I backed a few steps away from him. "What are you talking about?" It wasn't like I could tell the truth about it.

He pointed toward the door. "You want me to believe that when you've been here in the dark with him for the last forty minutes?"

I shook my head. "No, he came to talk about Heather, I swear. I was closing up when he pulled in and I just sat and talked to him."

He walked toward me, frightening me more with each step. I backed up until I hit a station and prepared myself for what was coming. "You expect me to believe such a bullshit story? Give me your damn phone."

He held out his hand and to prevent things from getting physical, I reached in my pocket and handed him my phone. I watched him looking through my messages and flipping through it. He held it up so I could see it dialing and put it on speaker phone. It rang four times before I heard what I feared.

"Hey, you got Conner. You know what to do next."

Without hitting the end button, Rick took my phone and broke it in half. "How much you want to bet me that number shows up all over our phone bill?"

I don't know why, but I was more upset with him breaking my phone than the fear of him putting his hands on me. "We're friends, that's all, I swear."

The back of his hand hit my cheek and sent me falling to the hard floor. I caught myself with my hands and felt the sting through both of my wrists. "Stop lying, cunt! How long have you been f**king him?"

So many things were running through my mind, but most of all Conner's words repeated. He loved me. I clenched my fists and sat up, rubbing my face. "Why do you even care? You've been cheating on me for years. Hell, you'd think you'd be happy if someone else wanted me so you could move one of your little road conquests right in."

Another slap hit me, but this time I blocked it with my hands. The force sent me down, but there was no harm done to my face. He grabbed me by my hair and pulled me to stand up in front of him. The pain felt like each follicle was being ripped out of my scalp. "You think I am going to let you just walk away and be with someone else? I ain't being laughed at in my own damn town, you hear me?" He put his hand around my neck to prevent me from looking away from him. "Now, you're going to go home and make me dinner and when your little boyfriend tries to call you, he ain't going to get an answer. In fact, if I even catch you talking to him again, I'll f**king kill you...and that's a promise."

I couldn't hold back the tears. "Just kill me now and get it over with. You've already taken everything that I loved and ruined it. I hate you so much!"

"You think I give a damn about your feelings? I'm going to tell you right now, that bastard shows up at my house and I'm going to put a bullet in his head. That'll give your dumb ass something to cry about."

"Rick, he has nothing to do with this."

"Keep on talking. You're only proving that he has everything to do with it. Have you forgotten that this is my business and not yours? You have nothing you stupid bitch, you hear me? Nothing!"

He let go of my neck and picked up my purse off the desk. "You're riding home with me. You try to run and so help me god, I will find you and you will be sorry."

I wiped the tears from my face that were more for Conner than anything he was threatening. "I'll go with you Rick, just please leave him out of it. It was all me anyway. I came onto him and tonight he told me he wasn't interested. He's going back to Kentucky and not coming back."

"Walk!"

With him not giving me his word, I worried about him hunting down Conner. It wasn't that I thought he couldn't handle himself. In all honesty, Conner could take Rick down easily, but I didn't want him involved. The man had come to tell me that he loved me and instead of me saying it back, I wasn't going to ever talk to him again.

On the ride home, Rick said more degrading things to me, but I was so numb that I heard none of it. Conner's words to me were all I could think of. I shouldn't have hesitated. I should have told him the very next second that he was everything I ever wanted and the thought of being without him was terrifying to me. He needed to know that I was so madly in love with him that I would let him go to protect him.

Rick never touched me again that night. He barely said two words to me when I gave him his plate of food. Obviously, I had no appetite and chose to retire to my bedroom for the night. I just wanted to talk to him one last time and know that everyone was okay. I sat in the bathtub and cried my eyes out for the longest time. Something had happened to make Conner leave me like he did and now I had no way of knowing what it was. I was worried about him and his family. I kept hoping that it wasn't Miranda. She could have been in early labor.

I was never going to be free from this man. I knew if I called the police he would eventually get out and come after me. This was never going to end. I was stuck in this awful situation, with no family or friends to help me.

I didn't know what to do. I had two grand hidden at the salon, but running wasn't going to be the answer. He would find me and hurt me worse. I was petrified of how much worse it could get if I continued to fight him.

When I finally climbed into bed, I cried myself to sleep.

Chapter 21

Conner

Nothing could have stopped me from hearing Amy's reaction, well, nothing except hearing that my sister had been in an accident. Ty's father had made the call to me, so I could only assume that he had bolted down the road to get to where she and Bella were. I knew it was serious when he said we all needed to get there as soon as possible. I mean, nothing can prepare you for hearing that, especially when it's someone that you love.

My sister was always the constant in my life; the one person that was always there for me no matter how bad I'd f**ked up. By the time I got back to the farm, they were waiting in their vehicle. I climbed in the back, shaking worse than I had my whole life. Losing my dad as a kid was awful, but not knowing how severe things were made me think that there was a possibility that I could lose my sister.

I heard my cell ringing a few times, but I couldn't answer it to explain what was happening. I just needed to get to Miranda.

You know things are bad when you get to a hospital and the person you are looking for is still in surgery. Ty's parents weren't able to find Ty, because he was back in some area that they wouldn't let us get through. We had to sit there not knowing what was happening. Finally, after what seemed like forever, the rest of the family showed up. My aunt went and got two hotel rooms to sleep in once we got some news. My mother went all apeshit on the staff and finally located Bella. We were so relieved to hear about her not being injured. Unfortunately, Bella had some news of her own.

She came out with a nurse and ran toward me first, and then my mother. She was my little buddy, especially after living with her for so long. As the family huddled around her she started to get upset. "Where did my daddy go?"

"He's back with mommy, Bells."

She shook her head. "No, they won't let us see her. He told me when we saw Jake and Jax. Daddy was crying real bad."

I pulled her into my arms and hugged her tight. "He's just worried. Daddy will be fine."

"I just want to go home, Uncle Conner. Mommy had the babies so now we get to go home." She didn't understand and it broke my damn heart into pieces.

"Mommy is getting fixed by the doctors." My mother tried to make her understand.

"Does she have boo boos?" Her little lip was trembling.

My mother started playing with Bella's blonde hair. "Yeah, baby, she's got boo boos."

Things were better with the whole family together, but as the time went by, we were losing hope that my sister was going to make it. Finally, we learned that she had been taken to the ICU. Since she was out of surgery and there was nothing else we could do, half of us went back to the hotel to get a good night's sleep. Savanna and Colt stayed with my mother, while all the rest of us tried to get some rest. With my sister not out of the woods, I laid there wide awake. There were two beds in the room and Ty's parents were already asleep in one of them. Bella and I laid together in the other one. She cuddled up in my arms and traced my tattoo. "Uncle Conner, how come you're not married?"

"Cause when I was your age I got cooties." I tickled her when I said it and she squealed.

"You don't have cooties. Mommy says only little boys get cooties."

I kissed the top of her head. "How'd you get so smart kiddo?"

She shrugged her little shoulders. "I have no idea. Is Noah coming here tomorrow?"

"No, he is home with Auntie Lucy."

"I don't like it here. I'm scared."

She kept tracing the lines on my arm and I could tell she was sad. "Were you scared when you got into the accident?"

"We hit a deer. Mommy said it happens all the time. I wish my daddy was with us. I heard mommy yelling his name."

If I'd have tried harder none of us would even be here. I felt like I could have prevented it all if I'd only thrown myself into my Heather project. My sister was fighting for her life, while Ty was hanging onto the notion of losing them either way.

"Your mommy and daddy love each other very much. He got here as fast as he could." Drunk or not, he'd made it there in one piece.

"Did you know I got to see my brothers?"

It was a good time to change the subject. "I bet they're cute."

She shrugged. "Yeah."

She got sad again and started to sniffle. "What's wrong Bells?"

"What if daddy and mommy love them more than me? Will I have to live somewhere else?"

I sat up and grabbed her little face. "You listen here. Your mommy and daddy love you all the same. You know you're their special girl. Don't even think stuff like that, kiddo."

"I want my daddy."

She must have woke up Ty's mom because she reached her arms out and called for her. Bella went running over and climbed into bed with her grandmother.

I checked my messages and was disappointed that I had nothing from Amy. I hated that I could only call her certain times. Right now, I needed to hear her pretty voice. I'm sure by now she was worried sick.

A little later my phone vibrated and woke me up. I hoped it was Amy but it ended up being that bitch Heather instead. Because of her, my sister was lying in a hospital bleeding to death. Because of her, two little children may not ever meet their mother. I filled with rage as I stared at the text message and thought about what I wanted to say. I never wanted someone to die until I met Rick, but Heather was the worst kind of evil. She didn't care who she hurt. She needed to pay for what she'd done and I was the only person to make it happen.

I sent a message that I went home for a couple days and put my phone back in my pocket. When I got back to town, this shit was going to end and I would be the one walking out with what I needed. I had to fix things for my sister. After all of this, she needed to be happy about something.

For the next two days it was still touch and go for Miranda. Once we got through the first night, we all got hopeful that she was going to pull through. I can't even explain the way I felt when we heard the doctor telling us the news. I thought my mother was going to pass out. I spent most of my time with the family and tried to keep my mind off of not hearing from Amy. I'd left her several messages and even tried to call her at the salon. I couldn't understand why I hadn't heard from her. It made me even more upset when I overheard Ty's mom telling my mom that she had called Miranda's boss and let her know what was going on.

Amy knew what I was going through and she hadn't tried to call me. It made no sense.

Then it came to me.

She didn't love me and didn't want to tell me while I was dealing with my sister being in the hospital.

I had been so sure of her feelings for me. I could have sworn that when I told her I loved her, she was going to say it too. She'd even said how she cared about me before. It made no sense at all.

I'd never told a woman those three words. Hell, I'd never felt the things that I felt for Amy. She'd made my cocky ass want to be someone better. I just couldn't believe she'd just blow me off like that. I couldn't believe she would hurt me like that.

Seeing my nephews for the first time was pretty cool and at least kept my mind off of my broken heart. They were so small and hooked up to all kinds of little wires. I hated seeing them so tiny and fragile, but they gave me hope, somehow.

By the time my sister got put in a real room, I could only stay for a little while longer. I knew I had to get back to work, but mostly I needed to talk to Amy. Miranda was in good hands and much to my surprise, she wasn't acting like her and Ty were going to separate. That helped me out considering that I now had a new life mission to take down Heather and save my sister's marriage.

Before I left the hospital, I ducked in to say my goodbyes. My sister was feeding one of the twins. She and Ty looked exhausted but had been inseparable since her accident. It wasn't my business to interfere and Ty had told me they were staying together and raising their children for sure, so I stayed off of the subject.

The first thing I did when I got back to town was head to the salon. It was still early and I knew she'd be there. I needed to hold her; to kiss those sweet lips and never let go.

When I walked in, her and the other hairdresser turned in my direction. The look on Amy's face was indescribable. She was cutting some woman's hair and froze completely. I sat down in a chair and grabbed a magazine. Amy turned around and told the other girl that I was her next appointment and started back on the woman's hair. I caught her several times looking my way and she looked distraught. She filled the woman's hair with rollers and walked in my direction. I lifted my head and smiled at her. "Why haven't you called me, darlin'?"

"You can't be here!"

She grabbed my arm and pulled me outside.

"What are you talkin' about? Is Rick here?"

"No, it doesn't matter where he is. I can't see you anymore."

I grabbed her arm and she quickly pulled it away. "I ain't leavin' until you start explainin'." I saw tears in her eyes and started to lose my cool. I pulled her around the building so that nobody could see us. When I pulled her into my arms she tried to fight me. "What the hell is goin' on?"

"He's working tomorrow. Meet me at the hotel?"

I cupped her cheeks and looked into her eyes. "Are you goin' to explain, because I can't go another damn day not knowin' why you're giving me the silent treatment, especially not after what I said to you."

"I'll tell you everything." Something was wrong. I could tell from the moment I first looked into those eyes.

"Amy, promise me that you're okay."

She nodded her head. "I'm fine. I promise."

I kissed the top of her head, but it wasn't enough. Before she could pull away, I kissed her on the lips. "You better be there tomorrow or I will come find you."

I walked away from her, more pissed than before we ever talked. Something was very wrong and I was going to find out what it was, because I wasn't about to lose her, not for any damn reason.

Chapter 22

Amy

Conner showing up at the salon scared the living shit out of me. I was sure that Rick had some kind of spy cameras set up or maybe he paid the other girl that worked for me to tell him if I did anything behind his back.

When I went home that night, he said nothing about it though. Since I hadn't been caught seeing Conner, I knew I had to tell him everything. Even if I had to end things, he deserved to know why. With the thought of breaking his heart steady on my mind, it was hard to be cordial to Rick. I'd be lying if I said that I hadn't thought about offing him while he slept.

For the past week, he had been purposely sleeping in bed next to me at night, but it wasn't so he could force me to have intercourse with him. It was so that he could watch my every move.

At about midnight, I was awoken to him pulling my hair. I opened my eyes to see him leaning over top of me in our bed. "Now that I have your attention, there's something we need to discuss."

Fear washed over me, assuming that he did know about Conner visiting me. I backed away from him as much as I could with him still having a bunch of my hair in his hand. "Rick, let go of me, please."

He shoved me away, but stayed where he was positioned in the bed. "In a couple of hours I need to leave on my weekly run. If you think for one second you can pull a fast one on me, you better think again. I am just reminding you that if I find out you're seeing that little prick, you will both be sorry. I hope you warned him about me, because I wasn't f**king joking."

I heard his threats loud and clear. "I haven't called him. I don't even have his number. His sister almost died and I'm sure he is with his family in Kentucky by now. I'm not doing anything wrong, Rick. Conner is gone and he's not coming back."

"You better be telling me the truth bitch." He rolled over to his side of the bed and started adjusting his pillows. "No bitch of mine is going to disgrace me."

After crying myself to sleep, I woke up the next morning alone in bed. For the first time in a week I was able to finally breathe without looking behind my shoulder. I took a long shower and thought about how the past week had played out. I contemplated asking Conner to run away with me, but knew that his family was too important for me to even ask something so selfish.

Still, telling him the truth was my main priority. It was bad enough that I had to stop seeing him. He needed to know that it wasn't anything he did wrong and it certainly wasn't because he told me that he loved me.

After a long day at the salon, I drove straight to the hotel. Conner had parked in front of a certain door, so I just knocked. I should have known that he was going to be all over me once I cleared the threshold. He welcomed me in his arms like I belonged there and within seconds my purse was on the floor, followed by my shirt. I grabbed the bottom of Conner's shirt and tore it over his head. I needed to feel his skin against my hands and if only for one last time, his love radiating through my pained soul.

We undressed like a city marathon and in seconds we were naked overtop of one of the beds. I slid my body on top of Conner's and let my fingertips run from his lips down to his abdomen. When I brought them back up to his mouth, he kissed my fingers. I found his mouth to be one of the sexiest parts of his body. With my eyes focused on his lips, I reached up and kissed them, dragging my tongue over them as I pulled away. Conner reached up to me for another kiss before I could back away. His arms reached around my back and pulled me into his chest. It wasn't like an erotic move, but more like he was hugging me tightly. When he stopped moving and kissed my head, I knew he wanted to talk before we went any further.

Because I felt like this was going to be our last time together, I didn't want to taint the moment with a relationship ending conversation. I reached my hand down between our body and took his hard shaft into my hand.

He grabbed my arm. "Not so fast, Blaze. We have all night for that. I've had the worst week of my life and I can't wait another damn minute to find out what is really goin' on."

I let go of his length, feeling defeated, I rolled over so that I was beside him. "You're not going to like what I have to say."

He leaned up on his elbow and traced his finger around my ni**les, making them extra hard. It was hard to concentrate on a conversation with him touching any part of my body, especially the sexually sensitive ones. "Talk to me."

"Well, Rick found my phone and accused me of having an affair. He broke it in half and said if he found out I was seeing someone he would hurt me and take away everything I loved." I left out the death threats. If Conner knew that he would be waiting for the man in my closet with a twelve gauge.

"It doesn't sound like anything new." He rolled over and ran his hands through his hair. "No, something else has you freaked out. What aren't you tellin' me?"

"Nothing!"

He grabbed my chin and made me look into those damn green eyes. I could feel myself starting to tear up. "Tell me, Blaze."

I closed my eyes. "He saw you leaving the salon that night. He was outside watching."

Conner sat up in bed. "Are you f**king serious? I'm in there tellin' you how I feel and that son of a bitch was outside the whole time?"

"He saw me running out after you, but you were already pulling away. I tried to call you, but he came in and destroyed my phone, but not before scrolling through my calls and messages and calling back your number. Once he heard your voicemail greeting, he knew."

Conner got up and started pacing around the small room. He kept shaking his head and thinking, but all I could look at was his naked body. I know it was horrible, and I was probably going to go to Hell for having extra-marital sex, but my God he was beautiful.

"Did you hear me?" Conner stood there looking at me.

"Sorry, what did you say?" I was too caught up in his nakedness.

"I said, did he hurt you?"

I think he knew the answer before I even opened my mouth. He pressed his lips together and started cussing through his teeth. The remote control went flying across the room. "Conner, I'm okay."

"No, you're not okay. Him touching you is not okay. None of this is okay." He kneeled down in front of the bed and kissed one of my knees. "You tell me everything. I'm goin' to f**kin' kill that mother f**ker."

"Conner, no, you can't! Please! I told him you went back to Kentucky and that you and I were just friends. He suspects it was more, but he really thinks you're gone."

He buried his head between my legs and I played with his brown hair. "Why would you tell him that? I ain't afraid of his pu**y ass. You let him confront me and I'll show his ass what a real man looks like. I don't need to lay a hand on a woman to feel good about myself."

I let go of his head and wiped away the tears that were falling. "I told him you left to protect you. I don't want you fighting for me. I definitely don't want you involved in my mess."

He ran his hands up my legs as he climbed up on the bed beside me. "Your mess is my mess, don't you get that by now? We're in whatever this is, together. You're not alone anymore. You have me. Damn, woman, would you stop tryin' to push me away when all I want to do is be with you? Are you that messed up from his abuse that you can't see how much I want you for myself?" He kissed the side of my face and traced the back of his hand down between my br**sts, before stopping it on my stomach, while his lips brushed my ear. "I'm not afraid to fight for what I want, darlin', and you know better than anyone that I always get what I want."

I closed my eyes and attempted to focus on the situation and not the fact that we were naked and my body was already reacting to his touch.

His hand slid down to my hips, traveling even further until it traced around the lips of my sex. A fire started between my legs that was leading to an apparent volcanic eruption. "Conner..."

"Shh, just let me love you." In one swift move his fingers breached my opening and spread my lips. I felt them sliding inside of me right before his thumb rubbed firmly over my clit. Conner knew how to bend his fingers just the right way to send me climbing the ceiling in ecstasy. As his movements quickened, so did the tiny moans escaping my mouth. He pressed his mouth against mine and teased me with his tongue, not letting me touch it. The more he teased me with it, the more I fought to feel it mingle with mine. He licked my chin. "I want to taste every inch of you."

"Conner, please don't stop." I cried out for him as my body released against his fingers. He pulled them out and rubbed my wetness all over my pu**y lips.

Finally, he let me kiss him and the first time his tongue touched mine, I felt tingling through my whole body again. He grabbed my hair and bit down on my bottom lip, pulling it with him as he moved back. "I want to make love to you, Amy."

I knew what I had to do; what I had to say. I pushed him down on the bed and climbed on top of him so that he slid right inside of me. I lifted up my ass and let it fall back down, repeating it until we found our groove. He groaned and closed his eyes, but just as he was opening them again, he looked right at me. I leaned my head back and let myself go with the movements. Conner's length provided for the ultimate pleasure. I lifted my body up, removing him almost completely, before sitting back down abruptly. He growled and grabbed my hips to guide me to do it again. The closer I came to removing it, the more he tugged at my hips. "Do you want to get behind me?"

"No, I need to see your face."

I don't know if it was those words, but something sent me over the edge. As the muscular walls of my sex tightened, I felt Conner releasing. He held me still and bit down on his lip before finally pulling me down into his chest. "Please say it, Amy. I just need to hear you admit it."

I kissed the inside of his neck and sat up to look directly at him. "I love you."

It was the truth...

A truth that would break his heart when he found out we had to stop seeing each other.

Chapter 23

Conner

I think my damn heart skipped a beat when she said those words to me. For days I'd been so caught up with what was happening with my family and the fear of losing her, that hearing her say that made everything better.

I held Amy in my arms for a while, before carrying her to the shower and washing her down. Once we were clean, we climbed back into bed and tangled our bodies back together. It didn't matter what we were doing as long as I was touching her.

"Conner, I came here tonight to tell you we couldn't see each other anymore."

It didn't shock me. Amy was being threatened and until I could get her out of that house, she needed to keep her guard up. "You know I'm not goin' to let that happen."

She nodded her head and smiled, before touching her fingers to my lips. I kissed them before she could pull them away. "I know, but we're going to have to be more discreet. I know you're not going to like this idea, but how would you feel about meeting me here once a month?" I started to open my mouth to argue, but she put her hand over it, like I always did to her. "Before you say anything, hear me out." She sat up and leaned her arms on my chest. "I want to be with you, Conner, I'm not going to lie about it anymore, but right now I don't have a place to go. We can't tell your sister about us with her and the babies going through this ordeal. She needs to come home and work things out with her husband. Until we can figure out a way to be together without having to hide, I'm just saying it would be to our benefit if we were extra careful. Besides...it would give you the time you need to finish this shit with Heather."

I put one of my arms behind my head, so I could look down at her better. "This shit with Heather will be over in the next few days. You're askin' me to wait months to be with you. That ain't fair."

"Conner, if I can understand you needing to see things through with this Heather scheme, the least you can do is consider my idea. Don't you want us to be together for real?"

I thought about how bad I wanted to wake up next to the woman every single day. Somehow, I knew she was right, but the fact that she'd have to go back to that house with that f**king bastard was not cool. I had to consider the bigger picture. A few months was what I needed to get my shit together and give her a place to go. "All I want is for us to be together."

"Then we'll make a plan."

"I'm buying you a new phone. I don't give a shit if you have to hide it, but you're havin' one. If I want to send you a damn message at midnight, I should be able to. The past few days have been hell for me."

"They weren't exactly great for me either. Do you know how horrible it was to know what you were all going through. I should have been there with you. I should have been there for your sister, but I knew I couldn't dare ask that."

The hotel was the shittiest place in the county, but having her in my arms was something beautiful. "When you live with me, you better not ever ask me for permission to do somethin' you want to do. I want you to do it and be happy. I'll never make you feel like a prisoner."

"So you think I want to live with you?" She was teasing me and I appreciated her showing me that spunky side that always liked to bicker with me.

"I know you do, in fact, we're going to be so happy living in a shack in the middle of the woods somewhere."

"A shack?"

"Yeah, we're goin' to live off the land. I will go out every day to hunt for our meals, while you stay home and wash things." I started laughing even before I finished the sentence.

She lightly smacked me on the chest. "You're crazy."

"I'm crazy about you, Blaze."

"I'm thinking about going back to brown or maybe even doing skunk stripes." She giggled and bit one of my ni**les.

"Well, they don't have hair dye in the wilderness."

"You are not growing a beard." She was so serious about it when she said it.

"Neither are you." Her eyes got really big as she smacked me again.

"Eww, that is just gross."

I pulled one of her hands to my lips and played with it against my mouth. "I'd still want you if you did have one."

"Conner, be serious." The big old grin on her face let me know even she got my sense of humor. "Besides, I would totally carve a shiv out of a rock and shave that shit."

"Now that there is somethin' I would love to see." I loved when she smiled; when we could be together like this and just be ourselves. She never got to smile about anything and it needed to be changed.

"I have to tell you something." She paused for a minute and got really serious. "I'm afraid to stay here the whole night with you. What if he does have someone watching us. I can't take the chance of anything happening to you because of me. I would never forgive myself."

I sat up on the bed and pulled her with me. My hands grabbed her on the shoulders. "Listen to me right now. I chose to be with you even when I knew you were married. At the time, hell, I didn't even care if you were happy with him. I just wanted you for myself. If he comes after me, then it's my problem, not yours. My priority is keeping you safe, you don't have to worry about me. I guarantee I can take care of myself just fine. Rick may act all big and tuff, but he's a f**kin' pussy. No man should ever lay a hand on a woman, not ever. The fact that it's the woman that I love, just makes me want to hurt him more."

A smile formed in the corners of her mouth. "Every time you say that, it gives me goosebumps."

"What? That I want to beat the shit out of your husband?"

She shook her head.

"That I can handle myself?"

She shook her head again.

I pretended to be thinking. "Oh, I know." I started tickling her sides, sending her back down on the bed. When I stopped for a second, she stared up at me. "That I love you."

This time she nodded.

"Well, it's the truth."

Our fingers intertwined together as we lay there looking at each other. Everything between us was so intense; so natural. "Are you sure this is what you want? I just don't want to find out I was some fling for you. I do believe you love me, Conner. I think I've known for a long time. I'm just so afraid of being hurt again and feeling what I feel for you, it would hurt me more than Rick ever has."

She was so fragile; like a porcelain doll that had been dropped from a shelf several times and then glued back together. Time was the only thing that was going to prove my devotion to her. "I don't care how long it takes, but I will prove to you that I will never let you down." I slid up on a pillow and pulled her into my chest, so we were spooning. "And don't you dare even think about goin' home tonight. The only place you're goin to be is right here in my arms where you belong."

"Where I feel the safest." It wasn't a question when she said it. I knew she meant it. I'd been her security blanket for months and she knew that I would never let anything happen to her.

"Get some sleep darlin', cause the next couple months are goin' to suck the life out of us."

Just imagining having to wait to see her again sent pain into the pit of my stomach. There was no love left in the house she lived in, I wasn't worried about that. It was the fact that she had to go there at all. If Miranda and Ty weren't going through the drama that they were, I would bring her home with me and never let her leave, but they needed time to heal first.

I didn't want to have to wait months, so while my beautiful future fell asleep in my arms, I stayed awake and played out a million scenarios in my head.

Running away.

It was always an option.

She would be safe.

We could be together.

It would mean giving up my family; giving up seeing my nieces and nephews growing up and sharing my happiness with everyone that I cared about. In all honesty I just couldn't imagine giving that up.

Chapter 24

Amy

Kissing Conner goodbye was inexplicably hard for me to do. I wanted nothing more than to run back into his arms. He sat in his truck and watched me pull away out of the parking lot. As I drove away, I knew one thing.

I had to get my ass in gear and make shit happen.

I'd had enough of being the weak one. It was time to stand up for what I wanted and put a stop to the madness that had become my life.

I wasn't perfect. I'd made both mistakes and horrible choices that led me to this exact moment in my life.

I'd gone to that hotel to tell Conner we had to stop seeing each other, but I left more in love then I'd ever been in my life. I could say we were through till I was blue in the face, but I knew it would be a lie. I woke up every single day needing one thing.

Conner.

The venomous devil of a man that I lived with wasn't going to keep us apart. I still didn't understand why he even cared. He'd probably had his penis inside of a different girl in every state. Rick was still a very handsome man. His blonde hair was always somehow disheveled and ladies loved his bright blue eyes, but I knew what he really looked like on the inside and he was a monster.

For the first twenty four hours of being without Conner, I think I watched the clock moving around. I sat alone in my house and waited for Rick's telephone calls to check in on me. He'd had our Internet turned off and kept a landline phone hooked up for when his daughter came over. I wanted to call Conner and contemplated finding a pay phone somewhere to do it. Before we'd left the hotel, he told me to sit tight and he would talk to me before Rick got home. The next morning, before I opened the salon, a knock came to my door. I thought it was just the other girl coming into work, but when I opened the door and saw my handsome man standing there in an old t-shirt and backwards hat with the biggest smile I'd ever seen, I pulled him inside and threw myself into his arms. He was so sexy to me, with those dimples and white teeth. His tattoo that went down his arm drove me mad. I could ravage him every day and never get tired.

"Miss me a little bit?" Conner asked in between kisses.

I pulled him into the back room. "You have no idea."

I knew we'd only have minutes before the other girl came into work, so I grabbed his pants and got down on my knees. Conner didn't argue with me considering he was already hard as rock. I took him right into my mouth and held the base of his shaft with my hand. He played with my hair and leaned back against the shelf. I looked up and saw him with his eyes closed and his head back. He was licking his lips and it turned me on to watch him reacting to me pleasuring him. My head bobbed as I sucked him vigorously, making sure to stroke his shaft with precise movements. The faster I moved, the more he controlled my head. When he tried to pull me off of him, I knew he was close. I kept my lips latched over him and took his heated release into my mouth, swallowing it down my throat. His salty essence lingered in my mouth as I stood up in front of him.

I was shocked when Conner leaned over and kissed me on the lips. He went even further by slipping his tongue into my mouth. I'd never had a man do that. When I pulled away he started laughing. "I love tasting myself on your tongue."

"You don't think it's gross?"

He chuckled. "I only do that with someone I love."

"But you said you never loved anyone before."

"I think you can figure out what I was implyin' darlin'. I've experienced a lot of things, but none of them compare to every time I get to be with you. I dream about bein' inside of you."

A knock at the front door, halted our conversation. One of my employees was trying to get in and if I didn't answer the door fast, she was going to use her key. "You have to go."

Conner buttoned up his jeans and kissed me again. As he was walking out the back door, he stopped and reached into his pocket. "I bought you a present. Don't get caught with this one. Keep it on silent and check it when you can." The front door chimed and I had just seconds left.

"Thank you."

"Anything for you."

The back door closed and I grabbed some supplies and walked to the front of the salon like I'd been doing inventory, instead of giving my secret lover head in the back room.

I kept my new phone in my pocket while I worked. By the time we closed for lunch, I had three messages.

Love you -C

I keep picturing your lips around my dick. -C

When's your last appointment? -C

I smiled reading them and continued to do so as I wrote my replies.

I feel like I can still taste you. Three. Love you. -A

I went back and reread his messages. A new message popped up.

Can you wait until three thirty? -C

I don't want to push our luck. -A

I sat down in my chair regretting what I wrote. Just when I started to write him again, I got another message.

Do I need to beg? -C

Do you know how? -A

You taught me. -C

You can stop by for ten minutes. That's all! -A

You know I'll need at least twenty. See you then, sexy. -C

I felt my face flush when I read his reply. This was the complete opposite of what we needed to be doing. If Conner wasn't going to be serious about our situation then I need to be.

For the next couple hours I cut several heads of hair and got filled in on all the latest gossip. A pastor's teenage daughter was pregnant by an older man. Someone tried to steal the ATM machine from the bank and one of my customer's mothers had to be put in a nursing home. This was my day to day life. Sometimes I felt like a therapist, having to listen to everyone else's drama. I wished that I could tell people my own problems instead of hearing all of theirs. God knows, my drama trumped all of theirs.

If half of these ladies knew what happened in my life, they would never come back into my salon again. The way they talked about women that committed adultery made it seem like Hell was just going to open up and suck me into the ground. When I married Rick, I felt like it would be forever. I would have loved him and continued to be good to him, had he not changed into a monster. My marriage used to be important to me. I used to attend church and do more in the community.

People saw what they wanted. They thought I was a happily married woman, who enjoyed helping to raise a teenager that wasn't mine and who appreciated everything her husband did. That was the facade.

My reality was an evil cesspool of lies and deception. The thing was, I'd rather live with the lies, than to be a prisoner for another second. I needed a real plan. A plan to keep Conner safe and give us the future we both wanted. If he knew I was planning something he would want to be involved and I couldn't let that happen. I had to do this in secret.

The phone that Conner had got me had all the bells and whistles. While waiting for him to show up, I found an app that cloned someone else's phone.

He knocked on the back door and had me in his arms before I could say hello. "How was your day?"

I kissed his nose and turned his hat around. "It's better now."

Conner had a way of kissing me so passionately that awakened every sensory organ in my body. "Come to dinner with me?"

I shook my head. "We can't be seen together."

There's a place about an hour from here. "You can wear a hat and sunglasses if it makes you feel better, just come with me."

It wasn't that I didn't want to spend time with him. I loved talking to him and since we'd become friends, I learned about so many things that we had in common. Besides, the idea of being out in public with someone as hot as Conner made me giddy.

His phone rang and he pulled it out of his pocket. With what he did for a living there was always a chance he would have to head back to the farm. Luckily, there were other people that lived there too who would usually just take care of it.

Conner held his hand up and walked away from me. He talked quietly and it made me uneasy. When he got off the phone, he approached me and I knew from the look on his face what the call was about.

He sighed and grabbed my hands. "Please don't get upset, but we gotta take a rain check on that dinner."

"Why?" I knew the reason, but I wanted him to say it out loud.

"You know why."

I pulled away from him and put my hands on my hips. "No Conner, I don't know why, so why don't you start filling me in."

"Don't do this, Blaze."

"Don't do what? Get upset that you want to leave me to be with her."

He tried to grab my arm but I pulled away. "It ain't even like that and you know it."

I pointed at him, letting him know that I was pissed. "No, what I do know is that you are blowing off being with me to be with her. That's all that matters to me. With everything I'm going through, I just can't take hearing this. I can't feel this way."

"Don't you want to help my sister?"

"Not if I have to let my boyfriend screw around with the bitch that caused their problems in the first place."

He smiled and I got even more angry. I pushed my way past him and walked into the main part of the salon. "Amy, please don't do this to me now. I just need one more night."

"Are you going to sleep with her?

He shook his head and put his arms in the air. "I don't want to."

"But you will?"

"I'm a man of word, darlin'. I told Ty I would help him and I'm going to see this through."

"And I'm a woman that made a new promise to myself that I would never let another man hurt me again."

He grabbed me from behind and tucked his head in my neck. "Don't you dare do what I think you're doin'."

I let him continue to hold me, but I didn't back down on my decision. "Go, if you have to see things through. Go do what you have to do to make things right for them."

"Please turn around and look at me." I turned around with my eyes filled with jealous tears and I couldn't believe what I saw. Conner's eyes were as soaked as mine. "Tell me I'm never going to lose you."

"Please don't cry." I reached up and brushed his tears away.

"I don't know what to do. I love you so much, but I love my family too. You think this is easy for me, but it ain't. I've never felt this way and I know that either way someone gets hurt."

I got it, I really did, but it didn't make it any easier to handle. "I can't promise you that I will be okay with what happens, but I know that I'm not going to stop loving you."

He kissed both of my hands. "Can I call you later?"

"If you don't I'll assume the worst." Picturing him with her was making my stomach turn. This would be the worst night ever. I'd need to drown my sorrows in wine to get through it.

"Well we can't have that now can we?"

Chapter 25

Conner

This was my last and final chance to make things right again for my family. I wasn't going to keep up the charade any longer, not when I had so much that I could lose. I knew that getting Heather out of our lives was just the first step in getting where I needed to be in my life. Sure, I had Amy's heart, but I needed her to be mine completely.

Heather had called in regards to a text message I had sent her. I told her I was about to leave town for a while and wanted to give her a night she'd never forget. It was all a lie, but I'm sure I'd made her lifetime.

I know I came across as shallow, but the fact was that I'd always been told I was good at satisfying a woman. Just knowing that gave me the mentality that I could be with whoever I wanted. Amy was my biggest challenge and I had no idea that one night with her would change everything I knew to be true about myself.

One night was standing in the way of my future.

I grabbed the bottle of whiskey from under my seat and drank down half of it. It burned and I had to fight it from coming back up. I needed to numb my senses; to complete the task without backing out.

I was anxious on the ride to Heather's house. For months I had been inserting myself into her life just enough to have her eating out of the palm of my hand. Tonight I needed to forget about everything else in my life and do what I knew I was good at. I needed to do the deed and wait until she fell asleep to go through her shit.

When she answered the door in a little two piece number, I didn't think about her as a person. No, she was just a little piece of ass. Her long blonde hair hung down in curls over each of her br**sts and she bit down on her lip. "You ready to have some real fun?" She asked as she closed the door behind us.

This girl had her own agenda and it was clear from the get go. She led me up a set of steps, revealing that the back of her outfit was nothing but a couple of strings. I didn't like the color yellow, but the matching heels she wore showed off her leg muscles. When we got to her room, she turned around and grabbed the collar of my shirt, pulling me to follow her.

To any other guy, she was a f**king prize lay. There was no doubt in my mind that she'd be a good time.

I could feel the alcohol working its way through my body, but as she reached up and kissed me on the lips, I knew it just wasn't going to be enough. I needed something; something I swore I'd never have again. I cleared my throat. "Where's your bathroom? I gotta take a leak first."

She pointed at the bathroom and I walked the rest of the way there. Once inside, I locked the door and opened the medicine cabinet.

Bingo!

A bottle of Percs were sitting there calling my name. I looked at myself in the mirror as I popped two in my mouth. It was just this one time; a temporary fix in order to help someone I loved. I wouldn't be doing it if it wasn't necessary. I swallowed them down my dry throat and flushed the toilet to make it seem authentic.

Heather was sprawled out over top the covers of her bed. I stared at her body as I kicked off my shoes and started unbuttoning my jeans. She knew what I came here for and was ready to give it to me. She climbed toward me on her hands and knees and once she got to the edge of the bed, she sat up and rubbed her thighs while she watched me continue to remove my clothes.

"After tonight, you're going to be sorry you made me wait so long. Are you sure you're ready for the best night of your life."

If she only knew. "Hell yeah! Bring that shit on."

She motioned with her finger for me to join her on the bed. My boxer shorts dropped to the floor and I kicked them off as I approached her. I ripped the condom wrapper with my teeth and applied it to my semi erect dick. She reached over and licked my lip, before biting down and pulling on it. When both of my knees were on her mattress, she pushed me down on my back and jumped on top of me. I didn't have to show initiative when it came to this girl, she was leading the way. If this little slut wanted it dirty, I was going to give her a run for her money. I grabbed her hair and pulled back, forging forward with our first real kiss. She was rough and her vigorous tongue was untamed. Her body rocked over me, as she began taking off her bra. Her perky tits sprung free and she shoved them into my face. While she rocked back and forth, dry humping the shit out of me, the room started to spin and everything began moving in slow motion. I could feel the high beginning and taking me to the place I needed to be in my mind. Still even with the drugs running through my veins, I didn't for a second forget how much I hated the bitch. I wasn't here to f**k her, I was here to f**k her over.

To be perfectly honest, I had a hard time performing. Here was this chick with a rocking hot body, who was ready and willing to give me whatever I wanted, but looking at her just made me think of what I was losing. I rolled her over, flipping her around, so that I could hit that shit from the back and not have to look at her. It was better and let me concentrate more, plus it hid my disgust. The more I thrusted inside of her, the more I thought about all the things she'd done to my family, starting with Van. I grabbed her hair and rammed into her as hard as I could, taking out all my frustrations. Her head began slamming into the headboard, but I kept up my pace regardless. She cried out and I knew I was hurting her, but I didn't care. I wanted to hurt her. Without even thinking, I reached around and put my hands around her neck, while I rocked my hard c**k into her. She cried out, feeling me releasing against her.

Afterwards, I walked into the bathroom to flush the rubber down the toilet. I could tell my eyes were dilated and hated myself for taking the damn pills, even though without them I wouldn't have been able to go through with it. Heather followed me in the bathroom and started the shower. "How's your night so far, sexy?"

I closed my eyes and kissed the top of her head. The bile was sitting at the base of my throat. "I'll show you when you get out of the shower. Get all clean for me, baby."

I waited for her to climb in and start washing her hair before I ran into her room and started ripping through her shit. It didn't take me long to find a camera sitting on her dresser. I stood in front of the door, so I could hear when the water turned off, and began flipping through the pictures. After at least a hundred ridiculous ones, I stood there looking at the proof I'd needed the whole time. Ty was set up for sure. Over twenty pictures of two people trying to pose him to look like he was doing something with Heather. It was clear in every photo that he was completely unconscious. Her cell phone starting ringing across the room and I didn't want her to hear it and come running, so I reached over to shut it off and saw Rick's damn picture lighting up on the screen. I hit ignore and started flipping through her messages, noticing that for the past month they had been sending each other a lot more than hellos and goodbyes. In fact, the messages went all the way back to the night of our double date. Apparently when Amy and I had our little meeting in the bathroom, they were exchanging numbers. A new message chimed and when I saw it, I couldn't believe it at first.

When can I see you again? -R

"Holy f**k!"

Talk about a full f**king circle. I knew he cheated on Amy, even she knew it, but to hook up with someone his wife was hooking someone else up with, that was f**ked up.

I don't even remember putting my clothes on, but I was dressed and on my way out of the house. I thought I'd have to spend the night to find what I was looking for.

I heard the water turning off when I reached the front door. I don't know what got into me, but I went into her room and sat down on her bed.

She walked in with a big smile on her face, but when she saw me sitting with the camera in my hands, she froze. "What are you doing?" She tried to grab it, but I pulled it away from her.

"How long ago was this taken? I mean, you said you haven't seen anyone in over a year, but these were just months ago and clearly there is more going on than hanging out with friends."

She shook her head. "No, it isn't what you think. I swear, it was just a joke we played on our drunk friend. We never even had sex. He was passed out the whole time, you have to believe me. Conner, I really like you. I want this to work between us. Just tell me what I have to do to prove it."

I started to chuckle. "Who's the guy?"

"Just a friend from school."

"So you never slept with him before?"

She shook her head and put her hands in her face. "He's the one I was in love with. He's married now with kids."

"So you played this kind of joke on a married man? Did he think it was funny?"

She shrugged her shoulders and started to cry. "I don't know. I never told him I took the pictures."

"Heather, I'm all about havin' a good time, but this seems like some kind of blackmail scheme. Were you planning on keeping these and showing them to people."

"Conner, just forget about them." She was freaking out and it made me want to laugh in her pathetic face. "It's ancient history."

"You did show them didn't you?"

She continued to cry. "Yeah, I did okay. He hurt me and I just wanted to hurt him, so I showed the pictures to his little bitch wife. Are you happy now?"

I got up in her face. "Let me tell you what I am, Heather. I have this sister that I would lay down and die for and because some stupid whore had a vendetta with her husband, she took pictures of the guy and made it look like he'd cheated on her. She went out with her young daughter and hit a deer on her way to leave her husband. My sister went into premature labor and started to bleed to death. She delivered twin boys, that had to be out on respirators, while she fought to stay alive. All because of your f**king pictures. You want to know how I feel about stupid little bitches that think they can ruin people's lives for fun? You should be charged with attempted manslaughter. I almost lost my only sister."

She backed away from me and balled up like I was going to hurt her. "Please, I didn't know she was your sister. You have to believe me. You never told me you were related to her. You said you were here on business."

"I am."

"I didn't know about the accident Conner, I swear I wouldn't have done it. I'm so sorry. Oh my god I'm so sorry."

I stood up and tossed her cell phone at her. "Call someone who cares." When I reached the doorway, I stopped and turned around. "You come near my family again, for any f**king reason, and I swear to god I will kill you myself. You understand?"

She shook her head as I walked out.

Chapter 26

Amy

I was sitting at home, trying to find something to watch or do to keep my mind off of what I knew was happening. Knowing that Conner was with Heather made me feel sick to my stomach. I didn't get why he felt like he had to sleep with her. I guess it was all part of his ultimate revenge plan, but the fact that he was willing to go that route, even when I begged him not to, hurt me so much.

I kept checking my phone, looking for messages from him, but the screen was still empty.

I had no appetite, nor did I want to soak in a tub and try to relax. There was no way for me to relax.

After two glasses of cheap wine, I was feeling more calm. When the bottle was finished off I knew I would be able to fall asleep.

I don't know what time it was, but a vibrating phone woke me up. I was on the couch and the television was still on. I knew who the caller was since he was the only person to have the number.

Hello?

Blaze, I need you.

It didn't matter how groggy I was or that I'd had too many glasses of wine to drink. I wasn't worried about being caught. All I cared about was getting to Conner.

Where are you?

I'm sitting on the side of the road.

Have you been drinking? His words were slurred and he didn't sound normal.

Yes.

Tell me where you are and I'll come get you. I knew what I was saying, but I'd been drinking too. Shit!

He told me where he was and I didn't hesitate when I left my house and headed in his direction. His truck was pulled over in an old parking lot. I pulled up beside him and rushed to his passenger side door. He leaned over and opened it for me to be able to climb inside.

Conner looked terrible.

Aside from him looking like he'd been crying again, his eyes were barely open. "I f**ked up, Amy."

"I don't want to know the details. It hasn't exactly been an easy night for me."

He grabbed my hand and sat it in his lap. "I ain't even talkin' about that part. I had to do something' else tonight."

I don't know why, but the first thing that came to my mind was that he killed Heather. Not that I would ever think Conner was that violent of a man, but after everything she had done, maybe he just lost it and accidentally killed her. My eyes got wide and I looked right at him. "What did you do? Please tell me it wasn't anything illegal."

He scrunched up his face like it pained him to talk about it. "It depends. If nobody reports me, then I think I'm in the clear."

My heart was beating like a freight train was coming straight at me. "Oh my God, Conner, what did you do? Do we need to leave town? Do you think they found the body yet? Oh God this is so bad, just tell me how to help you. I know it was an accident..."

He put his hand over my mouth and started laughing at me. "Would you shut up. Damn, you really think I killed a person? Are you for real right now?" He kept laughing at me as I shrugged and felt both bad for assuming and relieved that he hadn't. "I popped two Percs at Heather's. I tried to drink down some whiskey before I went in, but I still couldn't focus. I've never had a damn problem until you came along and f**ked up everything about the way I lived my life."

I was shocked. Was he blaming me for doing drugs? I backed away in my seat and pushed him even further away from me. "Screw you. Don't you dare do that! Don't you dare blame me for the shit you did. I have nothing to do with your stupid choices."

I was so pissed at him that I wanted to jump out of the truck and go home. I guess the little bit of wine I had was enough to come out of my quiet shell and take up for myself.

"It has EVERYTHING to do with you! I never gave a shit before. Fuckin' was about f**kin' and nothin' else. Now, all I have are these damn feelin's that make me think about what I'm doin' before I do it. You can be as pissed as you want, but I couldn't just go in there and f**k her without somethin' to make me forget how much I'd be hurtin' you."

He punched the steering wheel with his fists. "Damnit woman, you just don't get it do you? You just don't understand how much I love you. Being near her made me sick. You really think the old me would have passed on an easy lay like that? My God she's been throwin' her pu**y at me since the first night we met. I could have pounded that shit right in the parking lot that night, but I didn't. Do you know why, Amy? Do you know why I didn't?"

I was crying. Partly because he was blaming me and the other reason being because he really was completely in love with me. This man, this broken man, that I was completely in love with, was broken again and this time I was to blame. "Go ahead and tell me Conner. You're obviously going to anyway."

"Because the idea of never being able to have you again made me want to die. Because seein' you leave with that piece of shit husband of yours was my breakin' point. I wanted you for myself and after bein' around that, I knew I was goin' to have it."

"Conner, don't talk like that!"

He got up in my face and I didn't back away this time. "It's the f**kin' truth, Blaze. You think that worrying about me bein' with Heather is bad, you think about how many months I've had to lay in my bed thinking' about him touchin' and f**kin' what was mine. You can fight me and deny it all you want, but after that first night together, you've always been mine."

I couldn't look into his painful eyes and lie anymore about my feelings. I knew when I gave myself to him that night that it was more for me. At the time, I'd assumed it was just sex for him, but he kept being there and supporting me. There wasn't a time where I couldn't count on him.

"You're right. You're totally right, Conner. I started falling for you that night. It wasn't the first time you'd come to my rescue. It was easy for me to fall right into your arms every time you came around. I suppose I wanted you to seduce me. At first, I wanted to believe that someone like you could want someone as damaged as me. I just never thought this would come out of it."

He leaned back in his seat, but grabbed my hand and kissed it. "Well, it did and I'm tired of f**kin' waitin' for it to be the right time. For months you've said you were leavin' him and I know there's two ways this story plays out. You'll either leave or you'll stay."

"You know my choice! How could you even think that I don't want to be with you completely? That's all I want."

I noticed that the radio had been playing the whole time when the truck got quiet. Some rock song that I didn't recognize was playing and Conner patted his fingers against the steering wheel to the tune. I really looked at him while he stared out into the night. He was mine. This handsome beautiful man had my heart and all he was asking was for me to be with him. I didn't care that he'd taken a pill, but I did need to make sure I was never the reason he wanted to do it again. "I want to be with you and never have to look behind my back again. I have a plan but it may take a couple of months. I'm not going to stop seeing you or being with you. I don't give a shit about the Heather thing anymore, as long as it's really over with. I'm tired of us not being on the same page. I'm tired of crying myself to sleep thinking about you."

He grabbed my arms and pulled me over to him, while reaching around and guiding me to straddle him. The steering wheel was stuck in my back, so I leaned my body right against his chest. "I don't want to ever make you cry, Amy. I want you to know you're loved every damn day. I can wait out your plan so there are no loose ends, but I can't promise you that I will be patient."

"I don't expect you to be." I leaned into him and pressed my lips over his. As I pulled away, I noticed just how out of it he was. "Are you going to want to take another pill?"

He shrugged and leaned back in his seat. "Probably. I don't think it will be as bad as the withdrawals before, but it won't be fun for a couple days."

"Stay with me tonight." Yeah, it was a horrible idea, but Rick was off in another state and he still had a whole day of driving before he dropped off the load. As long as I was able to sneak him into the house, it would be fine. Since it was dark, the neighbors would already be in bed.

"That ain't smart."

I ran my hands over his cheeks. "Please let me take care of you."

He pulled his keys out of the ignition and put them in my hand. "I'm not in any shape to drive. If you think it's safe we can go there, if not I will pay for a room. Just drive me somewhere."

After switching to my car, I decided it would be safer if we just went to the hotel. The clerk gave me dirty looks when I came in with Conner's ID, but since we'd been there before she didn't question it. By the time we'd gotten there Conner was in bad shape. He couldn't keep his eyes open and had told me he'd finished off the bottle of whiskey right before I arrived to meet him.

He was f**ked up and I wondered if he would even remember our conversation.

Once I got him into the room, he plopped face first onto the bed.

I pulled off his shoes and removed his pants. As difficult as it was, I was able to get him to get under the covers and at least use a pillow.

I started taking off my clothes and climbed into bed beside him. When I wrapped my arms around him he started laughing.

I reached my hand and found his to thread our fingers together. "What's funny?"

"We can't have sex tonight, darlin'."

"I wasn't trying to. Why is that even funny?"

He kept laughing. "My dick can't take anymore tonight. Not after the poundin' it went through earlier."

I swear I literally stopped breathing for a second. Now, I knew all about drunk people and how they ran their mouths about things they shouldn't. That wasn't what hurt me.

I knew there was a chance they were going to have sex, but when he said it the way he did, it stabbed me right in the heart. I was lying next to a man that had been with another woman just hours before. I pulled away from him and immediately started to cry.

So much for being strong.

He grabbed my hand and tried to pull me back against him. "Are you jealous? You want me to f**k you like that? I'll give you whatever you want, darlin'."

I kept telling myself it was because he was stoned. He would never hurt me like that.

But he was...

Tears streamed down my eyes. "Shut up! So help me God, I will leave your ass here all alone if you don't shut up right now."

"Don't be jealous."

"I'm not!"

He sat up and turned in my direction. He couldn't even keep his eyes open when he talked. I watched him lift his arms and point to me. "You are so."

I could barely speak I was crying so bad. "Did you wear protection, Conner? Please tell me you did."

He scrunched his face up. "How could you even ask me that, Blaze?"

"I want a straight answer."

"Yes. You're the only woman I've ever been with and not used somethin'. I told you that the first time we were together. After feelin' how much better it felt, I never wanted to wear one again, but yeah, I wore protection. Not that you have to worry about me givin' you something from Heather. I'm afraid if she has somethin' you and I may already have it."

I sat down on the bed and shook my head. "What are you talking about? I've never slept with someone that Heather's been with."

He laughed again and it was really pissing me off. "When is the last time you slept with Rick?"

I wanted to vomit and for the first time since we got to the hotel, Conner's eyes got real big. "Why are you asking me that?"

"Answer me."

I swallowed the knot in my throat. "I don't know. Months ago. Maybe it was even longer. It's been a long time. He and I stay away from each other now."

He grabbed my hands and played with them. "Darlin', Rick's f**kin' Heather."

Chapter 27

Conner

I woke up wondering where the hell I was at. To make matters worse, Amy was in the room with me and she wasn't sharing my bed. I tried to think back on what had happened, but it was all a blank after I left Heather's place.

I knew the reason why I felt like shit right away. I'd done something stupid, but my main concern wasn't myself, it was why the woman I loved was sleeping in a separate bed from me.

I got up to go to the bathroom and the room was spinning around. When I got to the mirror I couldn't believe how bad I looked. After taking care of business, I headed back to the beds and looked out the window to see it was still dark out. I looked at the bed I'd slept in, but chose to climb in beside Amy instead. She let out a little moan when I reached my hands around her waist and pulled her close to me. Something was wrong.

I kissed into her neck and as she stirred she pulled away from me. "Don't Conner. I don't want to talk to you right now."

"I wasn't tryin' to talk. I just wanted to sleep in the same bed, but now that I know you're mad, I want to know why."

She backed away and turned to face the opposite direction again. "You don't get to ask me that right now."

"The hell I don't. You better tell me. Did I say somethin' to make you mad? I promise you that I didn't mean to hurt your feelin's."

She put her hands in her face. "How long have they been sleeping together?"

Oh hell, I didn't remember saying all that. I ran my hands through my hair and considered what to say without pissing her off more. "I can't prove that they are sleepin' together, but I saw a text message he sent her askin' when he could see her again. Since I've known Heather I would say she can't just be friends with a guy, especially if that guy is trying to get some from her."

She laid back down and played with her hair. I saw her looking at little strands of it as if she were trying to avoid making eye contact with me. "That's just great. That little f**king whore just can't shut her legs can she?"

I laid down on my stomach, but turned my head to face her. "Amy, are you upset because of what I did with her, or what he did? I can assure you that after she found out who I was even she knew it meant nothin' to me."

If she was jealous of Rick and Heather I was going to be pissed because it would mean that after everything he'd done to her, she still had feelings for him. "Maybe a little of both. I mean, don't get me wrong, I hate Rick. I wish he would drop off the face of the earth, but that is f**ked up in so many ways. We went to that dinner to hook the two of you up and the whole time he was trying to get into her pants too. When did he even manage to get her number?"

"When I had you in the bathroom with me, I reckon'."

"Oh, yeah. When we came back they were in a serious conversation. I guess I was too involved with other things to notice them."

"Me too. All I could think about was you leavin' with him."

"All I could think about was you leaving with her."

I knew she was watching me that night, but I was mad. I wanted her to be with me, not riding home with that bastard. Then it turns out he was even more of a douche than I had originally thought. "I told you this that night and I'll tell you again right now, I never wanted her."

"Conner, we can use this to our advantage. If I can get pictures of them hooking up, I can blackmail him into letting me leave and keeping my business. He also doesn't want the town knowing that I cheated on him. He wants everyone to think he's this great guy."

"He ain't a great guy. He's a f**kin' drunk."

"Would you just consider what I am saying to you? It's going to take time either way. I already downloaded a cloning app on my phone. When he gets home I am going to copy it to his phone and track his phone calls. When I find out when they are meeting we can get the photos."

She rolled over on her stomach and mimicked my position. I reached over and moved her hair away from her face. "Wouldn't it just be easier to hire someone to look into his personal shit?"

"I can't afford it."

"I'll give you the money."

She shook her head. "I can't let you do that. This is my mess."

"Darlin', you're my girlfriend. If I want to give you money that will help us be together, then let me."

She started crying again. "I want to be your girlfriend, more than anything Conner, but I have to get out of my marriage first. The only reason I haven't left yet is because I will lose everything. If I can pull this off, I could possibly keep my salon without having to fight him in court."

She wasn't looking at what would happen if this plan of hers backfired. She was putting herself in danger and I didn't like it. It wasn't exactly as easy as pretending to like a girl to get information from her. This man was violent and he could seriously hurt her if he found out. "I'm not okay with this plan of yours."

"Well, you're really not going to be okay with the rest of my plan."

"Don't you dare say what I think you're goin' to." I wasn't going to let her do it alone. It was out of the question.

Amy stood up and put her hands on her hips. "We need to keep our distance for a couple of months. Heather knows who you are and she already has a huge problem with you and your family. If she finds out you and I are doing this together, she'll tell Rick.

As much as I want to be with you, I can't take the chance. You telling Heather the truth has made things impossible for us to sneak around. He thinks you moved back to Kentucky. It has to stay that way.

We've waited this long. Isn't it worth a couple more months to be able to never have anyone threatening us again." She walked into the bathroom without letting me respond. I heard the water turn on and knew she was getting a shower.

I didn't like anything about her idea if it meant I couldn't see her. I thought that after I dealt with the Heather shit and got my family on the right page again, we could start our future. Now, there was something else standing in the way.

When I climbed in the shower behind her, she didn't welcome me like she had in the past. There was animosity between us now and it was going to drive me crazy.

I reached for the tiny bottle of shampoo that came with the rooms and started washing Amy's hair. She kept her back to me, but didn't fight me when I touched her. I leaned into her body, massaging the shampoo into her hair. "I'm sorry for last night."

"Which part?"

Since I could barely remember anything, I had no idea how much I had to apologize for. "For everything except the times where I talked about how I felt about you. I know how I get when I'm messed up and I always say the truth, so I know at some point, I told you all about how I felt."

She sighed loudly and turned around to face me. She was crying again. "Before you called last night, I was picturing the worst possible scenarios of you being with Heather. I kept telling myself that you loved me enough to not sleep with her; that there was no way you could go through with it knowing how much it would hurt me." She let her head lean into my chest. "I'm trying so hard to let it go. I just hate her so much. How could you kiss her and touch her? How could you go through with it, Conner? I just want to hate you for having sex with that witch."

I pulled Amy into my arms and held her close to me. Her hair was wet, but I kissed it anyway as the water splashed against her back. "I'm so sorry I hurt you."

She sobbed in my arms. "Why did she have to get you too? I don't care about her being with him. They can have each other. I just didn't want her to have you too."

God, I felt horrible. Being with Heather was a mistake before it happened, but even with me finding out the truth for Ty and Miranda, I had damaged something dear to me. Even though I knew I still had Amy's heart, I had done something that she was never going to forget.

I cupped her face with my hands and looked right into those teary eyes. "She never had the real me, Amy. All I ever felt for her was hatred. You have to know that. I never touched her the way I touch you. I didn't kiss her the way I kissed you and I sure didn't f**k her the way I make love to you." I wiped the tears from her eyes and kissed her forehead. "Please don't cry darlin'. I can't stand to see you so sad and knowin' I'm the cause."

"I don't think you realize what you did for your family, Conner. I can't think of one person that would do something so completely crazy to help out another person. It was selfless and the most thoughtful thing I will ever see in my entire life. Conner, my feelings may be hurt, but I love you for what you did for your sister. I'm sorry too. I'm just having a girl moment where I want this all to be about me when I know it's about a family with three children and a brother that would do anything he could for his sister."

I kissed her softly on the lips. "I don't want to ever hurt you again, darlin'."

"I'm afraid of losing you. I'm so afraid that if we stay away from each other, you're going to find someone else or go back to your life in Kentucky." More tears fell down her cheeks. I reached down and turned off the water.

After I climbed out, I grabbed her a towel and wrapped it around her shivering body. When we got back into the bedroom area, I sat her down and kneeled in front of her. "First off, you're not goin' to lose me and second, my life is wherever you are, so I won't be goin' back to Kentucky unless you're with me."

"Promise?"

I kissed both of her hands. "I swear it. I hate this idea of yours, but you stuck by me and let me do what I needed to do. I respect your decision and I'll give you the time to get your life straight. I can't ask you to leave everything, because I know you wouldn't be happy in the long run. I want what you want, so I will wait."

She finally smiled that beautiful smile that I'd been waiting to see. I didn't want to have to wait any longer, but taking away what she loved just wasn't fair. I would be okay with her plan, until he tried to lay a hand on her and then I was going to take matters into my own hands, with or without her approval.

Chapter 28

Amy

I'd like to say that the next couple months went by fast but they didn't. The morning I dropped Conner off at his truck after his devastating night with Heather, I went home to find Rick waiting for me. Of all the freaking times he never came home early, he picked the one damn time I didn't come home.

Conner and I had come up with a good plan and we promised to stick to it, so calling him on my secret phone wasn't an option. I didn't want to be in this marriage with this awful cheating, abuser. I wanted to be with Conner.

I walked into the house ready to face him. I didn't back down or hesitate as I entered the house. Rick was sitting at the kitchen table eating breakfast. A plate was sitting across from him and he even smiled when I approached. "We need to talk."

Honestly, I really thought he was going to tell me that he was going to let me leave. Perhaps he and his whore Heather wanted to be together and I was the only thing standing in the way. I pulled out the chair across from him and sat down. He offered me orange juice and even got up to make me a plate of food. "I'm listening."

"Where were you last night?"

With shaking hands I took a drink of juice. I sat it back down and played with the rim of the glass. "I was honestly helping my friend who had too much to drink."

"Did you f**k this friend?" His question wasn't shocking.

"No, I didn't." It was the truth. I wanted to be with Conner, but it just wasn't that kind of night.

"Do you love him?" He took another bite of his food and stared at me.

"Rick, why are you asking me these questions?"

"Do you remember when you used to love me?" It was a long time ago. Back when I thought that he was a kind and gentle man who only wanted to be with me and nobody else.

"Yes, I remember."

He shocked me when he reached across the table and grabbed my hand. I started to pull away, but was petrified how he would react. "I want a fresh start, Amy. I want us to work on our marriage and be happy again."

Flabbergasted.

That's all I could come up with.

Then he started to cry. He plopped down on the ground and fell to his knees in front of me. "I'm so sorry for everything I've done to you. Please don't leave me, baby. I will go to counseling, I will quit drinking, just please tell me that you'll give me another chance. I can't stand the thought of losing you."

Still nothing.

This had to be a dream.

Maybe I was still at the hotel and just hadn't woke up yet. Maybe he shot me when I came in the door and this was just my own purgatory.

Rick laid against my knees balling his eyes out, while I just sat there speechless. I hated this man. He'd taken everything I had and turned it to shit. He'd cheated on me. He'd beaten me. There was never going to be a second chance. Not even if Hell froze over.

Then I started really thinking.

I believe that everyone has one moment in their life where they have the opportunity to change their path. A chance to undo the wrong and take everything into a whole different direction.

For months I'd looked for a way out. So many sleepless nights of both praying and begging God to help me out of my miserable situation.

This cold, awful man was at my feet begging me for forgiveness and I saw my way out. I was going to use his vulnerability to my advantage. I was going to use him far worse than he'd done to me. I was going to make him sorry he ever laid a damn hand on me. I would bury him.

"I don't love him, Rick. I only love you."

Rule number one: Lie. Make him believe that everything will be okay.

He looked up at me and grabbed my face. I closed my eyes and pretended it was Conner touching me. Tears ran down my eyes and I smiled to pretend they were happy, but they weren't. "You really still love me? After everything I've done to you?"

I kept crying my agonizing tears and forcing a smile as I nodded my head. "I do, Rick. I just didn't want to hurt anymore."

"Oh baby, I didn't mean any of the awful things I said and did to you. I swear I'm going to change. Everything is going to be better. I promise."

He kept hugging me. "What happened to make you want us again?"

He sat back in his chair and continued to shed tears. "I'm miserable on the road all the time. I just can't do it anymore. I hate the new job. Last night was the final straw. I gave them my notice. I'm just going to find something nine to five that's close to home. I wanted to tell you last night, but you never came home. God, it hurt me so much. I never knew how it felt for you until I felt it for myself. I'm just so sorry, baby. I'm so so sorry."

I reached my arm across the table and put on a fake smile. "Are you sure I'm what you really want?"

"More than anything. I still love you so much. I'm going to prove it, Amy."

I squeezed his hand. "I hope so."

We sat in the kitchen for a while longer before he went into our room and went to sleep, while I got ready for work. I think I was still trembling as I pulled out of my driveway and headed to work.

The real tears didn't hit until I got about a mile from the house. I actually had to pull over because I couldn't see to drive. My secret phone started to vibrate in the center console and I just couldn't answer it. Conner would not be okay with me pretending to work things out with Rick, but after he carried on a relationship with Heather, he really didn't have a say in my decision. Besides, I needed to keep my relationship with him separate. He already agreed to give me space and I needed to take advantage of that.

I was taught to keep your friends close and your enemies closer. That was exactly my plan.

I was going to throw myself into my pathetic marriage until I could catch Rick in one of his famous lies. When I had enough dirt to bury him, I could walk away and never have to worry about him again. I could keep my business and start a fresh life with Conner.

My plan seemed flawless in my head, at least for the first couple hours, but Conner was going to be hard to lie to, when he worried about me every second. After he tried to call me three times, I finally answered.

Hello

Blaze, I've been tryin' to call you all mornin'. Are you okay?

Yeah, I've just been busy. I'm fine I promise.

Somethin's wrong.

No, it's not! I promise. Everything is fine. Go back to work and do something for a change.

I work my ass off and you know it. Don't make me come to that salon and spank you in that back room. I ain't got a problem with takin' an extra hour for lunch.

It must be nice being the boss.

I like bein' in control.

Conner, I love you.

Now I know somethin's wrong.

No, everything is alright. Rick is home though so it's not good if you show up here. Can I call you before I go home?

Does he know you spent the night with me?

Stop worrying. If something was wrong I would tell you.

You better, Amy. Don't you dare go and do somethin' stupid. You get a hair up your ass and end up with a black eye and I will kill that mother f**ker.

There is no hair up my ass. I just wanted to tell you that I loved you. If you don't want me to say it I won't.

Nah, keep sayin' it. I like the way I can picture your lips when it comes out of that pretty little mouth of yours. Then I start thinkin' about what else you can do with your mouth. Then I end up in the bathroom for the next twenty minutes.

Conner!

Just kiddin, darlin', it only takes five minutes if I'm thinkin' of you.

I think that's a compliment.

You should feel special. I don't beat off to just any girl.

I'm hanging up now.

I'm hangin' on. Love ya, Blaze.

Love you too!

I hung up the phone and stared at it for a couple minutes. I should have called him back and told him about my plan, but I needed him to be safe. This was my way of protecting the man that I was in love with from the man I wasn't.

Chapter 29

Conner

The first morning after Amy came up with her new rules, I wasn't sure what I wanted more. Her or a pill.

I should have known something was up with her when she wouldn't answer my calls. Then when she finally did, I could tell by her voice that something was going on.

Even though she called me before she left work, it wasn't the kind of call that I expected from the woman who was doing everything she could to be with me.

I knew I needed to tell my sister and Ty the good news, but finding the perfect time to tell them wasn't exactly easy. Every damn time I told them I had something important to talk to them about, they were involved with something else.

I managed to get through a whole week without taking another pill and was glad that my near f**k up hadn't ended in me picking up a habit again. I'm not going to lie and say it was easy. The worst part was going home at night to sit alone in my room, just hoping for a text message that rarely came.

After seven days, I still got my calls, but there were no scheduled visits in our near future. Her bastard husband had left his job again and since he was home all the time, Amy couldn't just sneak away. I missed her, but accepted the fact that she was trying to get dirt on him to set him up.

To say that Ty and Miranda were ecstatic when I showed them the proof, would be an understatement. They hauled ass in their damn bedroom and let's just say they weren't very discreet about what they were doing.

After hearing it herself, Bella started asking questions. "Uncle Conner, is my mommy okay?"

"Yeah Bells, she's playing with Daddy."

"But she keeps crying."

"They are just wrestlin'. Why don't you go check on em." Now I knew what she would walk into, but after listening to them two go at it for more time then they needed, I figured they would at least be under the covers taking a break.

I was wrong.

Not even a minute passed and Bella came running out of the room with her hand over her mouth. She was giggling like she was embarrassed. I kept a straight face as she approached. "What's wrong Bells?"

"I saw my daddy's butt."

I couldn't contain my laughter any longer. Miranda was going to be pissed, but it was worth it to be able to laugh.

I pulled my little niece into my arms and kissed her nose. I needed to change the subject before I got my ass handed to me. "What's it like bein' a big sister?"

She shrugged her little shoulders. "Good, but I don't want to change their diapers. They stink and they cry. I can't feed them cause they drink from Mommy's boobs. They can't even play with me yet, because Daddy says they have to grow first."

I knew she felt jealous of the twins. It was only natural. They took up a lot of Ty and Miranda's time.

I let out another chuckle. "Kiddo, you are crazy. That's what babies are all about."

"How come you don't have a baby, Uncle Conner?"

"Well, I can't have a baby all by myself. Who am I supposed to have a baby with? I think I have to find a woman first."

"What about Aunt Amy. She's real pretty and Mommy says she should get rid of her husband she has now. She will have to buy a new one then and she can just buy you."

I buried my face into Bella's neck and started laughing again. "Why would you think that Aunt Amy and I would want to be together and who told you that you have to buy a husband or wife?" I needed to know why she picked Amy to be with me. I was both shocked and hopeful.

She shrugged. "Because Daddy says that wives costs lots of money."

"Bells, you don't buy wives. I think your daddy meant that he spends lots of money on your mommy because he loves her. You don't have to buy someone when you love them. People get married because they love each other." I couldn't believe I was discussing love with a child. It also intrigued me that she thought Amy and I should be together.

"So I guess you can't marry Aunt Amy since you don't love her."

Okay, so how do I answer that?

Thankfully, Ty came walking into the kitchen. He leaned against the counter. When my sister followed, I started laughing my ass off.

Ty gave me one of those 'hell yeah I just hit that' looks. "Baby, you just did the walk of shame."

Miranda got all pissy over it. Her face turned red and she looked from me to Ty. "So did you."

Ty grabbed her and pulled her back into his arms. "Nah, I just tapped the hottest ass on earth."

After all the times that I hated that he was touching her, I finally got it, because I knew what it was like to love someone like that. I gave them a look of disgust anyway. "Ya'll are sick. Can we eat dinner without it bein' all tainted."

Miranda walked over to me and wrapped her arms around me. "I love you."

"Get your hands off of me. You smell like sex and after listening to you two for the past half hour, you're lucky I waited to send your daughter in after the moanin' stopped."

She smacked me in the back of the head. "You stupid ass. She saw Ty naked." She looked over to Ty and gave him that look she gave when he didn't have a choice but to take her side or else she was going to cut him off for a week. "Are you going to say somethin'?"

"I quit my job today." Ty just stood there, completely serious. We'd talked about him working full time on the farm, but this was news to me too.

Miranda's mouth dropped open. "You what?"

"I gave my notice yesterday. The farm is doing awesome and Conner and I have more work than he can handle alone. Harvey and my dad are getting old, so it's time I take things on full time." He kept waiting for her to respond, but she just stared at him. "Say something."

"When is your last day?"

"It's supposed to be next week, but the boss said I can go ahead and start getting my shit out of there. His brother in law lost his job, so he's just going to take my spot." I watched him grab her hand and kiss it and thought about being with Amy. I missed her something terrible. "Baby, that's why I want you to stay home. I want to be able to have lunch with my wife every day. I want to be able to stop in and see you if I get free moments. I don't want you to have to ask for days off. You have your own clients, you can cut their hair here if you want."

I watched the two of them interacting with each other and even though I joked about it grossing me out, I wanted it for myself. I wanted to be able to share every moment with the woman I loved.

"You're goin' to get sick of seein' me all the time." My sister was being dramatic. I think Ty would attach her to his belt if he could.

"There is no way I could ever get tired of seeing my beautiful wife. If I haven't proved myself to be a devoted husband and father then I don't know what else to do but spend every moment giving you everything your little heart desires. I love our life, Miranda." I finally got why he looked at her the way he did; the way she was his whole world, even when he was joking around.

I never thought anyone was good enough for my sister, but, I was wrong. Ty had turned out to be more than I ever wanted for her. I knew they would always be in love like they were. It was special and no matter what tried to come between them, they would survive.

"I love you too, Ty." Seeing her happy again let me know that everything I had done was worth it. As they hugged their daughter and appreciated that they'd made it through so many bad things, I couldn't help but sit back and watch.

Their boys were healthy. My sister was recovering and Bella had the family that she always deserved. The best part of it all was that Ty would always be Bella's father, which was what started this whole thing in motion.

If I had to do it all over again, I wouldn't have changed a thing if I knew I'd get to see what I was seeing.

I ended up not seeing Amy until Bella's birthday party. Ty and I had gone out and got her a puppy. Amy knew I was keeping it in the barn, so she found me before she went into the house. I felt her arms around me and knew exactly who it was. "God, I miss your pretty face."

I pulled her close to me and wrapped my arms tight around her back. Amy's hands wrapped around me, but she slid them under my shirt. "I'm going to go crazy if you don't kiss me, Conner."

Our lips collided and just like every time, I forgot about how long we'd been apart. The puppy was jumping at my feet, so I walked us to another area in the barn. When Amy was backed up against a wall, I stepped back and took her in. She was wearing a summer dress and her hair was half up and half down. "I need to be inside of you."

She bit down on her lip and nodded her head. That was enough for me. I unbuttoned my shorts and let them fall to the barn floor, before picking her up and lifting that little dress to her waist. Amy wrapped her legs around me and made it easy for me to slide right inside of her already wet pu**y. She cried out with my first thrust, but wrapped her legs tighter as I picked up my pace. Her lips burrowed into my neck, while her fingernails dug through the skin of my back. I could feel the sweat running down my face as I watched drops sliding down Amy's neck. Her hair was getting wet on the sides, but she never let go of my body. She was so light in my arms and pumping into her felt so good in the position we were in.

As I felt myself releasing, I pressed my lips into her shoulder. She opened her eyes and met my gaze, while we both stayed locked together. "I need to catch my breath, darlin'."

"Take as long as you need." She placed kisses over the side of my head, even though I knew it was sweaty. "Don't let me go, Conner."

I shifted so I could kiss her salty lips again. The barn was hot and it was the wrong place to have sex after a fresh shower, but nothing was going to stop me from touching Amy, not even the possibility of passing out from a heat stroke. "Don't go back. Just stay with me."

I felt her legs loosening as she slipped down to the ground. It took her a second to steady herself and fix her dress. "I can't do that and you know it."

"I ain't goin' to beg you to stay, but just know it's what I want."

She picked up the bag that held Bella's present and started walking toward me again. "Conner, I love you, I swear I do, but we talked about this. I just need a month at the most."

I fixed her hair from where it had fallen down to her face. "I hate waitin' to be with you. Do you know how hard it is for me to walk in that house and know you're there but I can't touch you? I want everyone to know how we feel about each other."

"Please don't say anything. You have to go in there and pretend we mean nothing to each other. If you can't do that then I'll have to leave and I really don't want to miss Bella's birthday party. I love being around your family."

"I can pretend that there's nothin' between us, but it's you that's goin' to have a problem. When you go inside don't tell me you're not goin' to think about me havin' you out in this barn." I reached down and kissed her, keeping my lips there.

"I'm not." Her eyes were closed and I knew she was lying.

"How about how much you want me licking that sexy pu**y of yours? You're not going to be thinkin' of that?" I licked her bottom lip and watched as her eyes stayed closed.

She moaned and smiled. "That's just mean. Now it's all I'll be thinking about."

"Good, because you drive me wild and you taste like heaven. Get in there and put on a straight face. My family is tough to fool, so I wish you the best of luck." I smacked her on the ass and sent her on her way. "Love you, Blaze."

She smiled and shook her head as she exited the barn. At the very last second she poked her head back in. "Love you too."

Chapter 30

Amy

I kept promising Conner that we'd be together in a month's time, but it turned out that I needed a lot more than one month.

Rick had become a new man. He'd stopped drinking, started going to meetings, which he took me with him, and he even started taking care of the house. He got a job working the midnight shift at a shipping company right outside of town. It was some warehouse that produced and distributed some diet shake.

His new schedule helped me to keep up with my part of the deal of trying to mend our marriage, since I didn't have to see him all the time. At first he didn't try to be physical, but as the weeks passed, I could tell he wanted to be a real married couple. I kept using the excuse that I wanted to go slow, because of what had happened before, but his frustration level was growing and I needed him to trust me.

I hadn't been with Conner since Bella's birthday party and it had been almost two months. Conner and I still talked every single day and we snuck little lunch meetings here and there, but I refused to have sex with him until I was finished with my little plan.

He wasn't happy about it.

Since Rick was up my ass when he was off, he purposely drug me all over town on the weekends. I will never forget being in that grocery store and seeing Conner and Ty pushing two carts with a twin in each one. Ty waved to me and turned around to say something to Conner. He got a big smile on his face, but it disappeared as soon as he saw Rick coming around the corner.

I knew that Ty knew that Conner and I were more than friends. I wasn't sure how much he knew, but it was enough for me to worry. In this particular circumstance, Ty walked out of the isle like it was no big deal, while Conner stayed back watching me closely.

Rick walked up behind me and reached a box off the shelf. He put his arm around me to place the box in the cart and smacked my ass and as he pulled away he kissed me right on the lips. I could see the pain in the Conner's eyes and I immediately wanted to vomit. If I went running to him, all of my time would have been wasted, so I stayed back and watched him push his cart out of the aisle. I wanted to cry, but had to pretend that I never saw Conner, just in case Rick did.

Thankfully, Rick never noticed that the guy in the baseball hat and hoodie was the man of my dreams, but I had. I also knew that he wasn't going to be able to deal with what he'd just saw.

We were able to finish our shopping without seeing him again, but the damage was done.

All I wanted to do was get to my secret phone and explain myself, but I couldn't do that either. In fact, it was a couple of hours before I was able to check it and I kind of wished I hadn't.

This ain't cool. - C

Please say something. - C

I'm going crazy here. I need to talk to you. -C

I thought about what I could say in a text message that would make him feel better, but there was nothing.

I'll come to the bar and meet you out back while you're at pool league. Meet me out back around seven. I love you. - A

I'll be at the bar, but I ain't happy with the way you love me right now. This is bullshit! - C

As soon as Rick left for work, I rushed out the door to meet Conner. My drive there was filled with fear and anxiety. I'd seen Conner angry and even hurt, but I was the cause and I just couldn't stand myself. He was leaning against the back of the building with a beer in his hand. Right before I climbed out of the car the bartender went walking up to him and said something, before turning to see me and walking back into the bar. After watching her walk away, he turned his attention back to me.

"What was that?" I was pissed. This was the second time that I'd seen her giving him that look and it wasn't a 'thanks for the dollar tip last week' kind of look.

"Nothin'."

I put my hands my hips. "You expect me to believe that what I just saw was nothing? I'm not an idiot Conner. That girl wants you and you know it."

He leaned back against the wall again and started laughing. "You know, it's funny that you even noticed considerin' you're too damn busy f**kin' your husband again. I mean, how are you even here? Did you take a break from suckin' on his dick to tell me to wait a couple more months?"

Never in my life had I ever felt the way I felt that very second. I walked right up to him and slapped him in the face. "How dare you say that to me."

He grabbed my arm and held it as he got up in my face. I could smell the alcohol on his breath and the tears filled my eyes. "I call it like I see it, darlin'."

Even as I began to sob, he wouldn't listen to me. "Please Conner, you have to believe me. I'm not sleeping with Rick, I swear."

"You know, I get that I'm not good at relationships, but after dealin' with this shit with you, I just don't think I'm even interested in havin' one anymore. My life was a hell of a lot better when a f**k was just a f**k." He let go of my arm and crossed his.

I tried to hold him; to separate his arms and fall into his chest, but he wouldn't let me. He looked at me with such cold eyes. "Conner, please. I swear that you're all I want. What do I have to do to prove it to you?"

"Just like you told me you loved me, but never could leave him. Do you know how it felt to see him touchin' you? I can't do this shit anymore, Amy. I'm not goin' to let you hurt me anymore. Get back in your car and go home to your husband that beats and cheats on you. Have a nice f**kin' life." He took his beer and chucked it out into the dark parking lot and walked back into the bar.

Ty and Miranda were in there and I knew I couldn't chase after him. I fell down to the ground and cried my eyes out. When I managed to get in the car, I only made it a mile down the road before I had to pull over.

I knew he was mad at me, but I had no idea just how mad. He wasn't going to wait for me. I'd lost Conner and all of my hopes of ever being happy again.

For the next week, I sent hundreds of text messages. I called and left messages where I was crying so bad I was sure he couldn't understand the words I was saying.

He never responded to any of them.

Even Rick knew something was wrong and it was hard for me to not be able to explain. I made up a lie that I was having female problems and needed to have tests done. I didn't feel bad for lying to Rick, especially knowing that because of him, I'd lost everything. The salon suddenly meant nothing to me without Conner in my life.

One week turned into four and all of my hopes of ever being able to talk to Conner again were slowly fading away.

I'd considered driving to the farm and begging him for another chance. I'd even considered telling Miranda the whole truth and pleading with her to help me. The problem was that I was still married and all of the help in the world couldn't fix my current situation. Conner wasn't ever going to forgive me until I could forgive myself and just walk away.

While trying to figure out a way out of my awful life, I started looking into Rick's mail when he wasn't watching me. I had cloned his phone, but never caught him making any calls to anyone suspicious. With him being home, my spy time was limited. At night, I'd followed him to work a couple times, but he never met anyone before he went in. I was beginning to think that maybe Rick had been telling the truth all along. Maybe he really did want to work things out with me.

That scared me even more. I'd promised to be with a man I was trying to take down and the only thing I could dig up on him was that for once he was being honest.

My way out wasn't looking bright anymore and my hope of ever being with Conner again was fading into a forgotten dream.

Chapter 31

Conner

I was tired of waiting and there was only one way to end this game.

Play it my way.

Pushing Amy away that night at the bar was the hardest damn thing I've ever done in my life. She didn't know it, but once I saw her pull away, I drove myself home. Ty and Miranda asked me what was wrong and I just told them I didn't feel good. Besides, the damn bartender was getting on my last nerve, always trying to get me to take her somewhere.

Seeing the pain in her eyes and hearing her beg me to reconsider played in my head for days. It didn't help that she continued to reach out to me for some kind of hope that we still had a chance of being together.

What Amy didn't understand was that I was just waiting for her to take that leap of faith and show up at my door. I hadn't given up on her, not just yet. She was where I wanted to be, I just needed her to let it happen.

Seeing her with Rick was the last straw for me. I know she was claiming to be pretending, although seeing her in the grocery store and watching him touching her, well, it was just too much to handle. It was like she was nailing my coffin. I could see it in her eyes that she was sorry, but it wasn't good enough anymore. I'd changed everything about myself to keep her safe and offer her a happy life, while she continued to live under the same roof with someone who'd done nothing but repeatedly hurt her.

I was hardheaded and tired of being the second priority. Maybe it was selfish of me to not give her more time, but I just couldn't handle it. When I left that grocery store, I glued myself to Ty and Miranda to keep from wanting to take a pill. I just wanted the pain to go away and it was the fast way to make it happen.

When Thanksgiving came around and we were in Kentucky, I found myself missing Amy more than ever. I wasn't there for an hour before I broke down and sent her a text message and honestly, I figured she would have kept the phone turned off by now, or maybe even thrown it away.

I miss my Blaze.- C

A couple hours went by before my phone buzzed. I was in the woods with my family scoping out hunting spots. My stomach was in knots anticipating what I was about to read. She could have been telling me to burn in hell, I just didn't know.

I miss you more. - A

Can I call you? - C

Yes. - A

I had to walk around in the woods to find a spot with good enough service before I could call. I swear my heart was beating so fast as the phone began to ring. When I heard her voice, I just felt like driving back to North Carolina and getting her.

Hello?

Hey darlin'. God, it's good to hear your voice.

She immediately started crying and I don't think she was trying to hide it from me.

I thought you were never going to talk to me again. I miss you so much, Conner.

Yeah, that's why I sent you that message. I miss you too. How have you been?

Aside from my heart being broken? Just peachy.

Amy, you pushed me away. If anyone's heart is broken it's mine. I gave it all to you and you didn't want it.

That's not true, Conner.

Yeah, I think it is. I gave you so many reasons to be with me, but you stayed with him anyway. Is he still being Mr. Perfect?

Did you call me to be mean?

I ran my hands through my hair and realized I was being an ass. I half expected her to hang up on me for it.

I'm sorry, darlin'. I guess I'm still torn up over it.

Conner, time isn't going to change how much I love you. You can push me away all you want, but I've never stopped wanting you.

Well, I need more than you're willin' to give me.

So did you go out and find something to make you happy?

Are you really askin' me if I've hooked up with someone else?

Well, I saw the bartender that night you broke up with me and since you're home in Kentucky, I just figured they'd all be lining up.

It made me laugh that she thought that. Was I that much of a dick to her to make her think that I'd f**k other girls to forget about her? This wasn't some stupid novel that her or my sister read. This was my real life.

Yeah, hold that thought. I can see my family comin' and I don't feel like endin' this conversation just yet.

My cousin Colt came walking up to me. "Hey, you ready to head back?"

I put my hand over the phone. "Just give me a minute."

"You want me to take John back?" Colt asked.

"Yeah, if you don't mind. Do me a favor and don't mention that it was because I was on the phone. I don't need anyone in my business." My sister and her big mouth would just make me more pissed.

"Sure thing. You should have invited her to dinner."

I shook my head, wishing that she really was with me. "Yeah, it's not like that. Can we talk about it later?"

Colt chuckled and walked away. "Yeah, see you then."

Amy? You still there?

Yes.

Sorry, Colt was askin' me somethin'. Now, as far as me hookin' up with other women. You really think it's that easy for me?

According to your sister, it's how you've always been.

My sister needs to stay the hell out of my business. When did you talk about me anyway?

A long time ago.

Well, people change.

Yeah, I guess they do.

Speaking of people changin', where's that husband of yours?

Conner, please don't ask me about him.

No, how come you can talk to me this long? Where is he?

He's at a meeting. Then he is picking up the turkey and stopping by his daughter's boyfriends to ask her to come to dinner.

So he leaves you home alone now?

Today he did. Look, I know what you're thinking and you're wrong.

Yeah, I don't think I am. He wouldn't trust you unless you gave him something he wanted. Guess I know where we stand.

Did I act like this when you were messing around with Heather?

That was a fake relationship, not someone I was married to.

I am faking.

With which one of us?

Fuck you, Conner. I hate that you made me love you and then pushed me away.

I pushed her away because I thought it would make her leave him.

Woman, if you weren't so damn hard headed we would be together right now, instead of arguin' about it.

You're the stubborn one, Conner!

Well it takes one to know one I guess.

Are you going to just hang up and not talk to me for another couple of months?

No, I plan on hangin' up and textin' your ass until you either write me back, or call me. When I get home you're goin' to come see me, Amy. If you don't I'll drag you away from him myself.

I hung up on her because I said what I wanted to say and I knew what I needed to know. She still wanted me and after being without her, it was enough to make me want to fight for her.

While my crazy ass family celebrated our time together, I became obsessed with talkin' to Amy. I texted her for the next couple of hours, up until my damn sister had to open her mouth.

"Who do you keep talkin' to?" Colt asked.

I put the phone back in my pocket. "It's just a friend." My sister was giving me a dirty look like when we were teenagers.

"What's the big secret?" Now she had Colt up in my shit.

Ty leaned forward. "Trust me when I say that you really don't want to know."

"Is it somethin' I should be concerned over?" Apparently I was going to have to explain some things.

I just shook my head. "It ain't nothin' like that. I just have this friend that I enjoy spending time with. We're just friends, nothin' more."

"Because she's married." Miranda replied with her eyebrow cocked.

I was ready to put my boot in her damn ass. "Just friends. Leave it alone, Randa!" I grabbed my drink and walked out of the house to get away from my nosey family.

Colt came out to the porch and stood next to me. "Want to talk about it?"

"Why, so you can get all pissed at me too? Look there ain't nothin' goin' on that anyone has to worry about. Even if I did want it to, she would never be okay with it. She's just in a real bad situation and doesn't have anyone else she can trust."

"So, is this someone you met at meetings?" What the hell would she think I was going to meetings and hooking up with chicks for? Did everyone think I was that awful?

"No, since I know you aren't going to get off my back, I will tell you. It's Miranda's boss Amy. I'm not goin' to divulge her personal drama, but let's just say she is in a very bad way and I am the only one that knows the truth."

"And how did you get to be that lucky guy?"

I needed to tell someone the truth, even if I didn't tell him everything, I just wanted to get it off my chest. "I guess it started when I first moved there. She came over after having a fight with her husband. I happened to be really sick and she sat up with me until I pissed her off. We weren't exactly friends, but a while later, after a night out, I found her in a parking lot all upset. I took her somewhere to be safe and she told me enough for me to be concerned. After that she started confidin' in me. I don't think it was because I was ever her first choice, it was just that I already knew."

"I never pegged you as the kind of guy that was just friends with a woman."

I shook my head and laughed. "Neither did I, but even if I wanted somethin' else, it would never happen." Not right now at least.

"So, this is the woman that helped with that Heather girl problem?"

"Yeah, and that is a whole different story that we need a bottle of whiskey to talk about."

After the conversation with my cousin and the way my family was all in my shit, I knew it was only a matter of time before I broke down and told them all that I was involved with Amy. She wasn't ready for us to be a couple, but I was and I was going to find a way to make it happen.

Chapter 32

Amy

My Thanksgiving wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. After being able to talk to Conner after so long, I was more than giddy. Even though he wasn't in the best of moods, it was still good to hear his voice and that he still loved me.

When Rick came home, his daughter was with him. She had pierced her nose and her lip and had a tattoo on her neck. Her boyfriend who followed in behind them was in some band and had tattoos from his fingers and up his arms. He had those big things in his ears that stretched the lobe and wore his pants down below his ass.

Rick had the same expression as I did when they finally walked into the living room. We both began to laugh and tried to not let them hear us.

Rick reached his arms around me and kissed the top of my head. "It's really nice to hear you happy. You think that after dinner we could maybe take our relationship to the next level?"

Oh god...this was not happening to me. I eased my way over to the counter and started mixing up some stuffing. "How about we just see how today goes and if we're even awake enough. Plus you have to entertain the two rock stars in the other room and who knows when they're going to leave."

He came up behind me again and reached his arms around me. Even now the memory of him being drunk and trying to touch me still made me cringe. I was trying to get along with this man, but nothing had changed as far as the way he made me feel. I hated him and just wanted to be free.

Conner had assumed that I was sleeping with Rick. I'd done everything to prevent that, including making up a fake female infection to make him want to stay away. Still, it didn't keep him from trying.

Our meal was quiet, just like every year. I could always tell that being a family was something that Rick just wasn't good at.

I knew that once Shelby moved in with a boy and still wasn't eighteen, that her father was done being a parent. I mean, what kind of father lets their daughter do something like that?

The guy, whose name was Devon, turned out to be a pretty smart kid. He was really into art and brought a portfolio from the car to show me some of his pieces. Shelby seemed completely obsessed with the kid, but he was also as equally into her. We hadn't always seen eye to eye, but I was happy for her.

As the night progressed and we had dessert, Rick fell asleep in the recliner. We didn't keep alcohol in the house, so we went into the kitchen and played a board game to pass the time. Devon was still involved in the game on television and had been talking to his parents that lived in another state.

I took a look beyond my step-daughter's piercings and saw how beautiful she had become. "I'm glad to see you so happy."

She smiled. "Yeah, Devon's great. He's nothing like my father."

I raised my eyebrow, curious to what she was implying. "What do you mean?"

She shrugged. "Well, first of all, he would never hit me, or my kid."

I was shocked. I reached over for her hand, but she pulled it away. "Don't Amy. I know you didn't know and it was never as bad as it was with you. I think the older I got the easier it became and that's why I left."

I looked down at my own hands and closed my eyes. "I never thought he would be that way."

Finally, she reached across the table and grabbed my hands. She spoke in a whisper and kept looking into the other room to make sure we weren't heard. "You need to leave, Amy. Take what you can and get away from him. There's more that you don't know about him."

"What do you mean? More what? What don't I know?"

The recliner squeaked and we knew he was awake. We both pulled away from each other and started laughing for no apparent reason to make it look like we were just catching up.

Shelby gave me a look like I better keep my mouth shut and I intended to.

Rick came in the room and gave me a wink that made me want to gag. He wasn't going to touch me, if that's what he was thinking.

For the rest of the evening, until Shelby and Devon said they were tired, Rick wouldn't let us out of his sight. I was frustrated because I needed something on the man and she may have the answer.

I had been hiding my cell phone under the sink in the powder room. I used duct tape to attach it to the underneath of the sink, so even if someone went to look in the cabinet, they would never be able to see it. I sat down on the closed toilet seat and checked it one last time.

Three messages waited for me.

I miss kissing you. - C

I miss touching you - C

I miss f**king you. - C

My heart skipped as I read them. I could even picture his face as he typed them.

I miss you kissing me. - A

I miss you touching me. - A

I miss you making love to me, because that's what it is for me. I love you. - A

I sat there chewing on my nails, waiting for him to respond. It was making me crazy.

After a few minutes, Rick knocked on the door. "You okay in there?"

"Yeah, I'll be out in a second. I think I just ate too much."

I looked down at my little phone, trying to compel a message to come through. At the very last moment before covering it with tape, I saw one come through.

I'm done sharing you. You belong in my arms, not his. If I have to come get you myself, I will. You're mine! - C

I got butterflies reading it. The past months had been horrible for me. I honestly believed that I would never be with him again. It killed me inside.

From the first time you touched me, I think I've been yours. I used to say you were shallow, but maybe you were the one who was right. - A

Yeah, I was just trying to get into your panties back

then. - C

I stopped wearing them. - A

Get the f**k out of here, for real? - C

I could feel myself getting hot just thinking about playing around with Conner. Rick was obviously waiting for me to come out of the bathroom, but all I could think about was how horny I was feeling.

You make my body tingle. I keep thinking about your lips touching me. - A

I'm picturing it too. Touch yourself, Amy. Tell me how it tastes. - C

I thought about what I should do. Coming from Conner, this request wasn't that crazy. I think with the combination of the fact that I missed him so much and the fact that this was all I could get, I reached my hand down my pants and touched myself.

Can I call you? - C

I'm in the bathroom. He will hear me talking. - A

You don't have to say anything. I want to talk you through what I know you're doing. -C

Yes. -A

I bit down on my lip and accepted the call when it came in.

Don't say anything, Amy. Just let me do the talkin'. I can hear you breathin', so I know you're there listenin' to me. I'm thinking about that first night I had you in the hotel room. I climbed up on that bed and told you that my back hurt, but I really just wanted to be close to you. When you finally rolled over and touched me, I knew that one day I'd be able to have you. It was hard not takin' you that first night, Blaze. I thought about the way you were going to taste on my tongue. Mmm, I'm thinkin' about it right now. I crave your pu**y. You taste like honey and heaven.

I kept rubbing myself, even faster when he talked about the way I tasted.

I can hear your breathing getting heavy. Use two fingers and rub them in a circle around that little clit of yours. I bet it feels good. Close your eyes and pretend it's my tongue. Rub yourself the way my tongue licks you.

I rubbed harder and was so darn turned on that I dropped the phone on the rug and threw my head back as I tried my hardest not to scream out with pleasure.

"Shit," I whispered I picked up the phone.

Conner was laughing.

Yeah, you miss me. Call me tomorrow, Blaze.

I realized I was sitting the bathroom panting and got up and hid my phone quickly. As I opened the door, Rick was approaching it. "You sure you're okay? You've been in there for thirty minutes."

I shook my head and grabbed my stomach. "I feel like I have to go to the bathroom and I can't. My stomach is killing me."

His grin changed and he walked with me to the bedroom and grabbed me a nightshirt. "Go take a nice bath. Maybe the warm water will help."

I didn't really know who this man was, but I was starting to really wonder how he could change and be the caring person he had become. Was it really because I'd fallen for someone else?

I climbed in the tub and thought about hearing Conner's voice. I should have been thinking about Rick and what he was up to, but Conner flooded my mind and I wouldn't let him leave.

Chapter 33

Conner

This was the first time in my whole life where I didn't want to be in Kentucky with my family for Thanksgiving. I should have waited to call Amy, knowing damn well it was just going to make me want to see her more than I already was.

By the time I got home, I wasn't sure just exactly how to approach seeing her in person after having been away for so long. I didn't know about her, but I knew just looking at her was going to make me rock hard, which could stir up a fuss if we were in someplace with other people.

I thought about going to the salon and seeing her like I said I was going to, but just saying hello wasn't going to be enough for me. I had to touch her and to be able to be inside of her.

When I woke up the next morning, and started my daily routine, I sat down and sent her a text asking if she could meet me.

I got excited when she said that she was planning on stopping by to the see the twins and Bella anyway. I knew that my sister wouldn't be okay with us talking in my room, so I told her to drive down the lane and hide her car when she left and I would meet her in the barn.

The only person I had to tell was Harvey and he got a kick out of me hiding a girl from my sister.

The day went by so slow.

There were certain things we had to do, depending on what time of year it was. Winter was always the slowest. The chickens kept us busy, but it wasn't an all day job. After feeding the cattle and doing our counts, they were good for a while too. Ty was teaching Bella to play pool in the barn during lunch, because Miranda and the boys were asleep. I grabbed a drink and watched her playing with her father. She was cute how she would reach out to take her shot and stick out her tongue when she aimed. When she would miss she would stick out her lip and pout.

I held it in, while Ty laughed at her. "Iz, you're not going to make every single shot, sweetie, you can't get all mad about it."

"But you and Uncle Conner make your shots."

"We've been playing a long time. You're just learning." Ty bent down to take his shot and he missed on purpose.

Bella took her stick and tapped it on the ground. "Daddy, you missed on purpose!"

He lifted his eyebrows and pretended to be offended. "I did not! Sometimes Daddy misses shots. Everyone misses, in fact, Uncle Conner misses all the time."

I picked up a billiard chalk container and threw it at his head. "Don't listen to your dad, Bells. He's the one who chokes under pressure."

"Chokes?" She didn't understand.

"Yeah, when he is playin' a real match, he shoots worse than you."

Ty flipped me the finger and mouthed 'fuck you', before turning his attention to his daughter. He bent down and looked at me when he talked. "Your Uncle Conner has something called erectile dysfunction that makes him tell lies all the time. Don't listen to him, Iz."

"Dude, don't tell her that!" I shook my head, but couldn't help but laugh.

Ty was all red in the corner, until his daughter started asking more questions. "Daddy, what's ereekile fuktion? Is he going to die?"

She pronounced function like f**ktion and I lost it. Ty's laughter ceased and he squatted down in front of her. "Iz, that isn't what I called it and I was just joking. I made it up. Uncle Conner is fine. Don't say that word again, or your mother will kill me."

"Then your dad will be the one with the erectile dysfunction."

Ty shook his head. I'd called him out on his own joke and he hated that.

"Don't you have something you can do, or a married woman to call?"

Bella was bent over shooting a ball and she wasn't facing me. I grabbed my jeans where my balls were then walked out of the barn.

Once my sister was awake, Ty and Bella went back in the house. I shot a couple games of pool by myself and watched the damn clock. When I saw her little car pull up the lane, I headed for the house. I knew I couldn't make it obvious when we were inside, but I couldn't wait to be close to her again.

She climbed out of her car and I leaned up against the house, so Miranda couldn't see where I was. "Hey, beautiful."

She smiled, but looked down to hide her face. "Where's your sister?"

"Probably lookin' out the window for me."

She walked up to the door and looked over at me. I reached my hand out and she put hers into it. Our fingers intertwined together and I squeezed them tighter. She looked up into my eyes. "I miss you."

I pulled her hand up to my lips. "Have a nice visit. You know where to find me, Blaze."

Bella opened the door for Amy and she went in without letting her notice I was standing there the whole time. Once I heard them all talking, I walked around the back of the house and then straight to the barn. It was hard finding something to do when I knew she was that close. I should have just walked in there and claimed her as mine in front of Miranda. I was tired of walking on eggshells, but I also didn't want them to stop being friends. Amy didn't really have any real friends that were girls, except for my sister and Miranda was in the same situation. Sure she had Van, but they were family and in our family you didn't have a choice.

After about an hour, I heard a car parking on the far side of the barn. The way the lane curved, my sister wouldn't have been able to see that Amy didn't pull off the road.

I met her at the door and grabbed her by the hand to lead her inside. Her hair was down and fell all over her face. "Hi."

I looked into her blue eyes as I went in for my first kiss in so long. "Hi."

As much as I wanted her, I also didn't want to go all fast about things. I wanted to savor her and take my time. I kissed her lips and then down her cheek, until I got to her neck. My nose nuzzled over her ear. "I missed the way you smell." I ran my hands up the sides of her shirt and felt her warm skin as I kissed over her ear. "The way you feel when I touch you."

Her breathing increased and as my hands traveled along the line of her bra and traced the underneath of her br**sts, she couldn't help but grab the button to my jeans and open it up. She reached her hands down the front of my jeans and took a hold of my shaft. I already knew I was hard. One kiss from her had done that. "Conner..." she couldn't even finish the sentence because my mouth was on hers again.

Her tongue played with mine, while our lips moved in sync. I pushed up her shirt and buried my face and hands into her br**sts. As I pinched at her ni**les she moaned against my mouth. One hand reached around her waist and pulled her into my body. She lifted her leg and started grinding over me, while stroking me in my pants. She backed away just enough to look down and watch what she was doing to me. I saw her licking her lips and threw my head back knowing she was turned on by it. I opened my eyes, because I felt her sliding down and yanking my jeans off my hips. She took her tongue and licked up one of my thighs while never taking her eyes off mine.

I reached for her head and ran my hands through her hair. She took me into her mouth and as good as it felt to have her lips around my cock, I knew I needed something else. I'd gone too long without it and there was no alternative to the feeling.

I picked her up and laid her down on the recliner before I yanked off her jeans. She lifted up her ass when I tugged for her panties to come off too. I stood in front of her fully erect and looked at her body. Her bra and shirt were pushed above her breast and her perfect pu**y was spread and waiting for me to enter. I couldn't help myself. I slid right inside of her. She was so beautiful; so perfect to me. I loved the way I felt when I was inside of her and the way her tight walls grabbed at my cock. The faster I pumped, the more she moaned and grabbed at my arms. I leaned down and kissed those puffy lips and as our tongues brushed, I knew I had to taste her.

I pulled out, leaving my dick throbbing, while I bent down and buried myself between her legs. She grabbed my hair and I pushed her legs open more after my first taste. While running my tongue all over her lips and her swollen clit, I felt her jolting her body against my head.

"Conner...oh God...oh..."

I waited until she calmed down before I steadied myself against the base of her again. As I slid inside of her for the second time, I kissed her sweet lips. It had been too long for me and after just a few minutes I could feel myself letting go. She pulled me into her body, allowing me to fill her with my release. It felt so good; so natural to be with her like this. I needed to touch her every day and to be able to love her every single second.

Afterwards, she cuddled her body on top of me in the recliner. From the fear of being caught we had dressed, but it still would have looked bad if someone walked into the barn and saw us. Still, I held her tight and rubbed her soft arms. "I don't want you to go home."

"I wish I didn't have to go."

"Don't. Stay here with me. I don't care what they think or say. Just do it because it's where you want to be."

She brushed her fingers over my lips. "It is where I want to be, but I can't do it, at least not today. I promise I will explain everything when I know more, but you have to trust me."

I hated this, but I did trust Amy and I also knew that when Rick wasn't drinking, he wasn't hurting her. If he would just keep his horny hands away from her, I would feel better about things. "I don't like this."

"Conner, please don't fight me. I need two more weeks."

I pulled her into me tighter. "You promise me that in two weeks you're really going to leave?"

She nodded. "Maybe it will be sooner. I just have to get Shelby to tell me what she knows. Rick is hiding something, I know it. There is no way someone changes as fast as he did."

"Just remember that he can change back just as fast. He lays one hand on you and you'll be visitin' me from behind bars, because I will f**kin' kill him." I wasn't threatening her, that was my promise.

Chapter 34

Amy

I knew as soon as I pulled off that farm lane where I wanted to be and I didn't want to wait any longer to have it. I don't care if I had to rent some run-down apartment and eat macaroni and cheese. I just wanted to be able to come home and be with Conner. I loved him and it wasn't just because he saved me more than once, or promised to always keep me safe. It wasn't because sex with him was the greatest thing I'd ever experienced in my life or because looking at him made my heart pound.

When looked at Conner I saw something more.

I loved him for sacrificing his own happiness for his family. I loved him for holding his heart on his shoulder and letting me in. He was a hard worker, who loved children. A badass who always made me feel safe.

He asked me once to fall into him. I was ready to take that leap.

When I got home, I had a determined mindset. The problem was getting around Rick. Being that Shelby was finally talking to me, I used my secret phone to ask if she could meet me within the next week for lunch. I had to know how she knew.

This is Amy. We need to talk. Can you meet me this week sometime for lunch?-A

I can't. He will know I told you. -S

Please. I won't tell him and I promise to make it so you aren't involved. Shelby, I wouldn't ask if it wasn't important. He doesn't know I have this phone. Just think about it and tell me.-A

I will let you know. -S

It wasn't the greatest of news, but it was a start. In the meantime, when Rick left for work, I ransacked through every drawer, every cabinet and even the closets, but I couldn't find anything that would incriminate him. After getting the house back together, I felt like I was never going to find anything that would give me a way out.

It just didn't make sense. Rick was this changed man. He was nice all the time and doing everything to make me happy. Even when we were first married, he wasn't that nice.

A week went by and I still had no word from Shelby. Conner was back to stealing lunchtime kisses and back room make out sessions like we had never been threatened before. I think he was just at a point where he didn't care if the whole town knew we were having an affair. He was sick of waiting and the fastest way of having me for himself was forcing us to be caught.

I considered just letting that happen too, but I always feared that we'd have to look behind our backs all the time and I didn't want that kind of life.

With Conner being so determined, I continued to try to pry into Rick's life. The man was so squeaky clean that he looked like he was best friends with the pope. Finally, I started sending Shelby messages until she broke down and agreed to a meeting.

While I waited for the meeting to happen, I kept up with the charade at home. I would wake up in the mornings and go to work as Rick was coming in. He would sleep all day and then have dinner ready when I got home and leave around seven for his night shift again. His holiday hours allotted me a lot of time to talk to Conner. A few times I even took the chance and snuck out to see him.

The two week period had ended and we were literally a week and a half away from Christmas. Conner was begging me to just leave and spend Christmas with him and his family, but I wasn't ready for them to know like that. It was too many of them to face at once and I needed to talk to Miranda before I just showed up at her house. I know she'd offered for me to stay with her a million times, but this was different. I wouldn't be moving in just to get away from my marriage. I'd be moving in to be with her brother.

Shelby and Devon met me at a mall that was about forty five minutes from town. I didn't mind the drive to keep her safe. I didn't recognize her when she showed up. Her hair was back to brown and even though she still had her piercings, they weren't really noticeable. "You look so pretty."

She turned and looked at Devon. "That's what he said too." She grabbed a strand of hair and looked at it. "I don't know if I like the color."

"I think it's perfect, but if you need to change it, I know a great salon that would do it for free."

She smiled and sat down. "Amy, I'm sorry I was so awful to you for so long. You have to know it wasn't easy for me to live in that house with him. When you weren't around, he would take things out on me. All I wanted to do was escape."

Tears filled my eyes. "If I would have known I would have taken you out of there. You have to know that."

"I couldn't tell you, Amy. He threatened me."

"He did the same to me. For a long time I believed that he really would hurt me."

Devon reached his arm around Shelby and she leaned her head into him.

"I don't understand why you haven't left yet. I mean, you have the money to get away. Why haven't you?"

I just assumed that she was referring to the salon. "I don't make as much money as you think. Your father is in charge of the bills and after he takes everything out, I barely have enough for groceries and gas."

Shelby gave me a dirty look and turned her direction to Devon. "You don't know do you?"

"Know what? Shelby, you are really confusing me."

Devon grabbed her hand. "Tell her, babe. I know it's your dad, but she deserves to know."

I was thinking the worst thing possible, like he had molested her, or worse. Shelby started to cry. "I'm sorry, I know he's an awful man, but he's still my dad. If I tell you this he could lose everything."

I grabbed her other hand. "Shelby, please."

"Have you gone through his things?"

I nodded. "Every inch of our house."

"You didn't find anything?"

I was still so lost. I wanted her to just spit it out. "What am I even looking for?"

"Search his truck, Amy. You will find everything you're looking for in there. If you haven't found it in the house, it will be there. That's where I found it." She stood up and pulled Devon with her. "For what it's worth, thank you for being so good to me."

"Wait, what about lunch?"

"We really need to go. Keep in touch, Amy."

They walked away before I could say anything else. Apparently, the key to getting out of my marriage was in Rick's truck. The problem was that only he had the key and now I understood why he never took them out of his pocket.

When I left I called Conner right away. I couldn't wait to brainstorm with him about what could possibly be in the truck that could save me from losing everything. Conner, who was more concerned about me calling a lawyer, then rooting through my husband's vehicle, insisted that he go through the truck instead of me. As much as I thought it was a bad idea, it was still a matter of getting inside of it without him knowing.

We came up with a plan that Conner was going to break into his truck when he was at work. All he had to do was break the window and grab every bit of paperwork out of the glove compartment and under the seats and then drive away. It was a simple task.

Unfortunately, right before Rick left for work, I got a pain in my side that forced me down on the floor. Rick found me lying there in a ball and carried me to his truck, where he drove me to the hospital.

Once they got me inside, they assumed I had some kind of food poisoning. My first thought was that he'd tried to poison me. Rick went outside to call his work and tell them that he was at the hospital with me when the doctor came in to give me the results of the blood tests.

"Mrs. Ussery, how are you feeling now?"

"The pain isn't so bad."

"What is the date of your last menstrual period?"

I shrugged. I don't really get a regular period. It doesn't even matter. I can't have kids, so you don't have to test for that."

He looked up at me and cocked his eyebrow. "I see. I would like to do an internal sonogram, where we go in vaginally and you don't have to drink all that fluid."

"Okay." I just wanted them to give me medicine and send me home. I needed to call Conner.

A few moments later they were wheeling me in the back to get the test. The doctor came in with my chart and started writing inside of it. "So where were you tested for fertility issues?"

"I wasn't. It was too expensive, but my husband and I tried for years and it never happened. Now, I barely get a period."

The nurse and the doctor pointed to the screen and talked amongst themselves.

"Ma'am, from the looks of this test, you're about four to four and a half months along."

Holy crap!

I shook my head. "That's not possible." There was only one person I had been with and I couldn't believe it. It was Conner's.

He laughed and pointed to the screen. "This is your baby."

"I haven't been sick, or gained weight."

"Consider yourself lucky. You're almost halfway through and haven't had any side effects."

He turned up the volume and the room filled with the sound of a baby's heartbeat. Tears rolled down my eyes. I'd always wanted a baby, but I'd never talked to Conner about it. He was going to freak out. Being with me was one thing, but having a kid too was too much. I couldn't ask him to do that.

"You'll need to make an appointment as soon as possible with an obstetrician and begin a regiment of prenatal vitamins."

I was hearing him, but I felt like the room was closing in on me.

"Are you ready to go back to your room and be discharged?" The nurse was starting to wheel me back in.

I grabbed her arm. "No! Wait! Please don't tell my husband my diagnosis. He can't know I'm pregnant. This isn't his baby."

She looked at me like I was a horrible person, but smiled anyway. "I won't tell him. I will make sure the discharge nurse doesn't mention it either. I hope you know that you will start showing soon."

"I'm leaving him tomorrow." It just came out of my mouth.

Rick was still not back in the room when I got back and soon they were sending me out with a card for a doctor and a bunch of dirty looks.

I found Rick on his cell phone when I walked outside. He got off really quick and walked toward me. "What did they say?"

"Food poisoning. I have to let it run its course."

He grabbed my arm and helped me into the truck. I smiled, but was shaking so bad that he had to have noticed. "Did they give you medicine?"

This was my moment. A light bulb flashed in my head and I knew exactly how to go through his truck. I leaned down in my seat and pretended to cry in pain. "Oh, God, they said I could take pain medication and stomach medicine. Just drive to the pharmacy."

He patted my leg and drove us straight there. When he parked I pretended that I couldn't move. "I don't think I can walk in there. Please can you go for me?"

He hesitated, but climbed out of the truck and promised to be fast. I watched him walk in that store and ripped through that truck. It didn't take me long to find his stash under the seat. Shelby had been right. Every single paper had my name on it. The one thing that caught my eye was a bunch of envelopes postmarked from my father. The weird thing was that they were addressed to a post office box that I didn't recognize. I grabbed one and opened it as I kept looking out for Rick.

Amy, I've sent you over ten letters and I realize that you don't want to talk to me, but I have something important that I need to give you. Please contact me as soon as possible.

Love, Dad.

I tucked the letter back in the envelope and opened the next one.

Amy, after meeting with Rick and hearing how you feel about the money, I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me someday. I know I wasn't always the best parent, but I do love you.

Dad.

What money?

The date on the postmark was five years ago. That was before I even had the salon. It made no sense. I'd never gotten money or even talked to my father. Before I could search any further I saw Rick walking toward the door. I tucked everything back the way it was and crunched up in a ball.

I don't know why he kept the letters, but I did know that my dad had been reaching out to me the whole time.

When Rick got back in the vehicle, we started on our way home and seemed concerned. He helped me get in the house, and even into bed. I waited until he went to sleep, to go in the bathroom and text Conner. Of course I had a million messages.

What is going on. He isn't at work.-c

You need to call me, I'm freaking out.-c

Amy please call me.-c

I'm ready to call the police. Call me.-c

I shook my head and text him back. Although, I couldn't exactly text the truth.

I went to the hospital. I'm home and fine, but Rick stayed home from work. I will call you tomorrow. I promise I'm okay. I love you. -A

Damn, you had me so scared. Are you alright?-c

Yes. I'll be fine.-a

I love you, darlin. If you need me you call.-C

I will.-a

I sat in the bathroom and started to cry. I wanted to be with Conner and I wanted my baby, but I really couldn't see him wanting it too. I was now this package deal and I knew that it could be a deal breaker.

I got up the next morning and got myself ready for work like normal. Rick woke up and made me breakfast. "Are you sure that you want to work all day?"

I finished my food and washed my plate. "It's too close to Christmas for me to call out of work. My clients would never forgive me." I leaned over and kissed the top of his head, to avoid having to kiss his mouth.

My drive to work was filled with more anxiety. I didn't know whether to laugh or cry, like some crazy lunatic. As if I didn't have enough added to my plate, but now a baby. All I knew is that I had to move out of my house, in the next couple of days.

I called Rick to tell him I was working late and Conner met me to drive out to see my father. I should have called to tell him I was coming, but I just wanted to get it over with and not be rejected by him.

Being in the truck with Conner should have made me feel happy, but all I could think about was the baby I was carrying. When he found out about it, he was going to drop me like an old hat. I felt so sad.

We pulled up at the hardware store and noticed that it looked different. When we went inside I realized why. The guy at the register smiled and greeted us. "Hey folks, can I help you find something?"

"I'm looking for my father, Joe Martin."

"Wow, I haven't heard that name in a long time. Joe sold this place a little over five years ago. Last I heard he was still living in the same place though."

"Okay, thank you."

I'd explained to Conner what I found in the truck and when he heard what the guy at the hardware said, he wasn't too happy. "You know how this is lookin' right?"

"Yeah, I know. Let's just get there and find out."

I told him where to drive and soon we were sitting in front of my father's house. I looked over at Conner and he winked at me and grabbed my hand. "You ain't doin' this alone, darlin'."

"I know."

I just hoped that when he found out about my own little secret, he'd still be saying that.

Chapter 35

Conner

Finally, after almost a damn year of wanting to have a real relationship with this woman, I felt like I had it. The first step was her wanting to leave. I think early on she knew that she didn't want to be with him anymore, but now it was different, she was determined to get out of there.

We approached the door to her father's large rancher and she took a couple breaths before knocking on it. I held her hand the whole time, letting her know that I was right there next to her. She'd told me all about her father and their estranged relationship.

I hated that he'd turned his back on her. I lost my father when I was too young to appreciate having him in my life, there was no way in hell I would ever be able to push my own child out of my life. When or if I ever had children, I would always be around.

An older man, who appeared to be in his late sixties, answered the door. His eyes got really big as he looked from me and then to Amy. I think her hair caught him off guard. "I never pegged you as a redhead."

"Hi, Dad." They just stood there, not moving from their positions.

I extended my hand to the man to break the awkward stare between them. "Hi, I'm Conner Healy."

He noticed that Amy and I were still holding hands. "Come in, will you?"

I nodded as we walked through the doorway and into a large foyer. He guided us back to the kitchen area and pulled out two chairs. As we sat down I couldn't help but notice their body language. Both of them seemed completely uncomfortable being around each other.

"I gotta say, I'm a little taken back by this visit. I was under the impression that you never wanted to talk to me again, especially after you never mentioned any of my letters, until this year and it didn't make any sense to me."

"Dad, I never got any letters from you. That's why I'm here. I found something in Rick's truck and I wanted to know what is going on." Amy folded her hands in front of her on the table.

"Three months after you married Rick and moved out, I reached out to you. He told me that you refused to talk to me and wanted nothing to ever do with me again. It broke my damn heart, but I knew it was because I'd been so stubborn when it came to you. I still kept sending you letters, hoping that one day you would call me or write me back. After a while, Rick started replying and talking to me."

"The first time I saw a letter was when I just found a stack in Rick's truck. What about the letter I sent you? I left my contact information."

"Amy, you need to understand that your letter made no sense to me. I'd been reaching out to you for so long and all of the sudden you write me and say that you haven't heard from me in years. I called Rick right away and he told me that you'd had a nervous breakdown. I offered to help with medical expenses and sent him more money so that you had the best care and didn't have to worry about bills." I stood up from my stool and had to walk around. Amy needed to see what was going on here.

She sat there putting her hands in her face and shaking her head. "I never had a nervous breakdown and I sure as hell didn't receive any money from you. I've taken less than five days off since we bought the salon."

"Yeah, I figured when I did that for you, it would bring you back into my life."

I turned around and faced the man slowly, and in that amount of time, I heard Amy gasp. "Did you just say that you bought my salon?"

The old man cocked his eyebrow. "You didn't know?"

She shook her head. "Rick told me he bought it. In fact, he wouldn't even let me go with him when he signed the papers. He told me it was my gift from him."

"Sweetie, your stepmother, well, my wife, she wrote some books and made a heck of a lot of money. We sold the hardware store almost six years ago. Since I didn't need all the money and I knew you were struggling, I bought the salon as a business investment for you. How could you not have known something like that? Your name is on the deed to the building." He leaned back against the counter and seemed just as confused as Amy was.

"I don't understand any of this. Rick told me he bought that salon and if I left him, I would lose everything."

"I don't know what's going on here, but that salon is yours. I have a copy of the deed to prove it. Rick has no claim to it at all. I even paid for the business license. After hearing this much, please tell me that you've left that man, Amy. I can't make up for being absent, but you have to know that I never wanted that kind of life for you. All this time I thought you were happy and resented me as a parent."

I walked closer toward the man and caught his attention. "Sir, forgive me for cuttin' in, but I think it's obvious what's happened here. Clearly, Amy had been lied to for years."

"I am seeing that." He stood up straight and reached across the counter to grab Amy's arm. She sat up in her seat, but didn't pull away from her father. "Have you left that man?"

Amy looked at me and smiled with tears running down her face. "Yes, well, I am leaving, but not just because of all of this. It's so much more, Dad. God, the last seven years of my life have been a lie. I can't believe this is happening to me." Her head laid down on the granite counter and she began to sob. Her father kept a hold of his daughter and rubbed her arm as she let out the pain and tension of feeling trapped.

He looked over at me and took in the tattoos on my arms and probably how young I looked. "Son, can I ask what your relationship is with my daughter?"

I cleared my throat and walked up behind her to rest my hands on her shoulder. Before I could answer, Amy sat up and looked back at me. She smiled through the tears. "He's my boyfriend. He..." More tears came and she could barely speak. "He protected me from Rick. He saved me."

The poor man looked up at me. "Saved her from what?"

I could see the fear in his eyes as he looked from me and then back to his daughter. "Sir, your daughter has been in an abusive relationship. My sister works at the salon and they're close friends. Look, I realize that you probably don't agree with extra-marital affairs, I reckon' no father would, but I can assure you that I love your daughter. I wake up every single day wishing she was with me, where she'd always be safe and loved."

I watched his face turn from concerned to pained. His eyes became glossy as the reality of the situation hit him. "My God, Amy, why didn't you just come home? I would have made sure that disgrace of a man never came near you again."

"Because I thought you didn't love me anymore. I thought you would turn me away and I couldn't feel rejection from anyone else in my life."

The emotions in the room were hard even for me to handle. I saw two people that loved each other and had been lied to in order for one man to be in control of his wife. It made me sick that such people existed in the world.

"Amy, I'm your father. I know I was hard on you and said things I shouldn't have, but I wouldn't ever want you to suffer the way you have." He looked up at me. "He really hurt her; like he hit her?"

I nodded my head. "Yes, sir and I'm afraid even worse than that at times."

He shook his head. "My God! I had no idea. You have to believe that, Amy."

"Look, dredging up the past isn't going to help matters right now. Amy needs your help. Rick is pretty much holdin' her a prisoner and makin' her think she has to stay because she won't have anything if she leaves. I have to say, I've offered for her to come and stay with me for a while now, and that salon is what's keepin' her from comin'."

He stood straight up and looked me right in the eye. "You tell me what I have to do and I'll do it."

I thought about her coming to stay with me, but with my family crowding in and Rick expecting her to come to me, she needed a place where he wouldn't go. "She needs a place to stay until I get us a place together. It won't be that long, maybe a couple of weeks."

Amy looked as if I had slapped her in the face. "But I..."

I put my hands back on her shoulders. "I need you to be safe for now. It's just until I can find us a place. I promise." I looked up at Amy's father. "I'm goin' to give you two some time to catch up. If you need me, I'll just be outside."

Amy needed a lot more time to work out things with her father, but for now, she was safe and that's what I needed her to be. Now, I just needed to figure out how I was going to tell my entire family that I was moving out to live with my married girlfriend.

Chapter 36

Amy

My world was spinning in every different direction and I was getting lost in all of the confusion. My father, who I hadn't spoken to in so long, had been there for me this whole time. Rick has spun a web of lies and trapped me in a loveless marriage.

I didn't know how far the extent of the financial lies he'd told was, but I was certain that if the salon was mine, there was more he was keeping from me.

Still, I had a way out and knew for a fact he couldn't take my business from me. The only thing I had to worry about now was getting my things and making sure he didn't come after me. Even through the emotional reunion with my father, I couldn't take my mind off of feeling like I was finally going to be free of that man. I hated him so much.

There were still so many unanswered questions that needed to be solved, but the burning matter was getting out and away from Rick.

I spent the better part of the night catching up with my father. His wife had taken the boys out Christmas shopping and they never returned before I left, but my father assured me that it would be fine if I came and stayed with him until I could get situated with Conner. He didn't say much about me going straight into another relationship, although, I could see that it was a concern for him.

I loved Conner so much and as it became obvious that I was finally going to be free, I needed to tell him the truth. He needed to know that I was having his baby and that no matter what he decided, I was going to keep it.

He drove on the way home and I cuddled my body up close to him. The doctors had told me that the pain I was experiencing was my body adjusting and my skin stretching from the baby. When I left that hospital, I'd tucked the little sonogram picture into my underwear and hid it in my wallet. I wanted to pull it out and show him, but I was so afraid.

Once I got home, I packed a bag of everything that was important to me. I was surprised when it turned out to be a lot less than I realized. I sat down on my bed and looked around at the house that I had called home for years. For the life of me, I couldn't remember one good memory. I pulled the ring off of my finger and sat it on his pillow. It made me smile picturing him finding it there.

My next thought went to Rick and I wondered why all of the sudden he was trying to be a different person. It wasn't like I was falling for it, but I wanted to know what he was up to.

I knew that leaving was not going to be me just walking out the door. Rick wasn't just going to step aside and let me be happy. His need to control me was probably never going to change, unless someone stepped in and prevented it.

Once I moved out, I could file for separation and get a restraining order. Once I knew that he wasn't going to come after me, I could hire someone to look into his financials and find out what else he had been doing behind my back.

Conner called me right as I was getting ready to walk out the door.

You got your stuff all packed?

Yeah, I was just about to leave.

Call me as soon as you get to your father's.

I will. I love you, Conner.

I love you too.

I didn't even take a second look as I walked out of the house and got into my car. It felt so good to drive away from it all, even though my heart was beating out of my chest.

By the time I got to my father's it was very late. He and his wife Elizabeth had been waiting up for me. I was surprised how much she had aged, but knew that two little boys could take a lot out of someone.

After letting Conner know that I was safe, I got myself situated in the guest room and tried to get some sleep. I was lying there staring up at the ceiling and playing with the little picture of the peanut growing in my stomach, when I felt a fluttering in my abdomen. I sat up and held really still. There it was again.

I started crying again, but they weren't tears of pain or being scared. I was having a baby. Something that was always going to love me and be mine. Even if Conner didn't want me, I'd still have this beautiful piece of him.

I ran my hands over my belly. "I promise to always keep you safe."

I woke up to the sun shining in my window. To make things easier and prevent my worries, we contacted the alarm company at the salon and gave them our new information and phone numbers. I was petrified of Rick doing something that would be destructive. If he was willing to beat me, then destruction of personal property was definitely a possibility.

My father had hid my car in his large garage. Even if Rick tried to find me, he wouldn't be able to. Elizabeth sat with me and helped me call all of my appointments for the day and cancel them. The weather was supposed to get horrible, so they didn't seem to mind, although with it being so close to Christmas, I knew some were just saying that.

Conner called me as much as he could. He was helping Ty and his dad get everything ready for the whole family to come and stay, so in between duties he was calling me and checking on me.

I didn't want to spend the holidays without him, but knew that we couldn't exactly come out just days before Christmas. His mother was coming in with her fiancee and they needed to all spend time together.

My little half-brother and step-brother had gotten so big. Even though they seemed excited to see me, they ran up to their rooms to play video games the first chance they got. Being with my father and seeing him love his children was what I needed. My sister was too busy with her family and my other brother was God knows where, but I had my dad and two little siblings that I wanted to get to know.

For the first time in my life, I felt like I belonged and I don't think that my father ever hugged me as much as he had since I showed up at his house. Each time he would pull away I would see the tears in his eyes and feel just how sorry he was for what I went through.

My father and his wife had made plans to attend a neighbors Christmas party, and even though he invited me to tag along, I opted to stay behind and just relax.

I had a nice fire going and was waiting for Conner to call me, when my phone started to ring.

The call was coming from a weird number, but since only a few people knew that I had this phone, I answered anyway.

Hello?

Did you just think you could run away with your little boyfriend and I was going to let you go?

Rick?

Who else would it be?

How did you get this number?

The alarm company called to verify my new address and phone number. Imagine my surprise when I got that call.

I know the salon is mine, Rick. You can stop pretending that you want to reconcile. I don't know what you're up to, but you won't come near my place of business. I will call the cops and have you arrested.

Are you threatening me you little bitch? I've tried to be nice to you, but I'm sick of this acting shit. You will get your ass home, or I am coming to get you.

What planet are you on? We are done! I don't want anything from you. You stole from my father and lied to him to keep me away. I hate you, Rick. I wish you were dead. Don't call me again and if you go anywhere near my salon, mark my word, you will be sorry.

You're threatening me now? We'll see which one of us comes out swinging. You have two hours to get your ass home.

Fuck you! You ruined my life. I would never come back to you and you're crazy if you think that. You do nothing but lie and hurt people. Call your girlfriend Heather and have her move in.

You don't know shit!

I know enough to hate you. You make me sick. I've waited for months to get away from you. Knowing I could have gotten rid of you years ago, makes me hate you even more. Stay out of my life and away from my family.

Your family? Are you speaking about your father, or your boyfriend?

I almost dropped the phone on the floor. This wasn't happening.

I don't know what you're talking about. There is no boyfriend.

I had to protect Conner.

I've been following you and him for months. Quit your lying. You think I didn't know you were meeting him at that hotel and spending the night? You think I didn't notice that something had changed about you? For seven years I dealt with your shit. You really think I'm just going to let you go? You're right about one thing. After tonight, there will be no boyfriend.

The line went dead.

Panic set in and I began dialing Conner's number. When he didn't answer, I tried Miranda. I feared the worst and thought about the innocent people that Rick was threatening. I had to get to them.

The garage at my father's house wasn't connected to the main house, so I threw my coat to hang over my shoulders and walked through the sleet to start my car and let it warm up.

When I got back into the house, I bent over to grab my purse and someone grabbed me from behind. Because it startled me, I jumped and caused myself to fall on the floor. I landed on my hands and immediately began to stand up and move away from who grabbed me.

As I backed up and turned around, Rick stood in front of me. "Did you miss me, baby?"

I held my hands up. "Rick please. Please don't hurt me." I looked over at the counter top and saw my cellphone blinking. Conner must have called when I went outside.

Rick looked over and grabbed the phone. "Looks like the boyfriend is looking for you. "He took my phone and tossed it across the room. "Guess you won't be seeing him for Christmas."

I was crying within, scared for my life. "Please just tell me what you want. Why won't you let me go? What is it Rick? Why can't I leave?"

He leaned down and got in my face. "I will lose everything! You don't know what that's like because you've never had shit. I won't let you drag me through the mud."

"I'm not dragging you through anything. I just wanted to be happy."

He grabbed me by my hair and picked me up. "You're not going to take everything from me, Amy. I won't let you."

I was really freaking out, He was hurting me, but I was afraid to cry. "Rick, just tell me what you want."

"I want you to give me the money, Amy."

I was so confused, but as he stood there, threatening my life, my instinct was to grab my stomach. He shoved me across the room. I stopped myself from slamming into the cabinets. "Please, don't hurt me, Rick. I don't know about any money. I swear."

"Bullshit! You're father had to have told you by now." He walked closer to me and I tried to run, but he grabbed my arm and slapped me in the face, hitting my nose. "You're going to come home with me and writing me a check for the whole fifty thousand, or I'm going to make sure you never see your boyfriend again and he never gets to see that child you're carrying."

Oh no!

I kicked him in between the legs as hard as my leg would fly. He went falling down on my father's kitchen floor and I ran straight to my car.

I started my journey from my father's to the Mitchell Farm around nine at night. The roads were horrible and without a coat or a phone, I was sure I was going to freeze to death on the side of the road somewhere. I knew Rick was going to come to Conner's house, but I had to warn them. I couldn't let a family that I adored, be in danger. I could never forgive myself if that happened.

By midnight, I'd made it into town, but I had to drive around five miles an hour to keep from sliding into a ditch. The fifteen minute drive from town to the farm turned out to take another hour. There were no street lights, so when I came up to the farm, I missed the turn and slammed on my breaks. My car slid and hit a culvert, before coming to a stop on the side of the road. I tried to turn it around, but one of my tires was all jacked up and it wouldn't move.

I was freezing and it was both snowing and sleeting even harder than before. I sat in my car for the longest time, but it got colder and I would eventually run out of gas. When I saw headlights in the distance, I started to wonder if it was Rick coming after me.

I laid on my horn over and over, praying that someone would hear it and come to my rescue. If I had to run the quarter mile up the driveway I would, but I didn't want to take the chance of falling and hurting the baby.

Ten minutes from the time I started blowing the horn, I saw headlights heading in my direction. Nothing could have compared to the feeling when Conner opened my car door. "What the hell are you doin' here?"

"It's Rick, he found me at my dad's. He says I have to go home to him and if I didn't he was going to come after me and your family. He threw my phone against the wall and broke it. I was so scared that something would happen to you. I got away from him and came to you."

I heard Ty saying something behind him, but I didn't know what it was.

"I got this. Go ahead up. We'll just leave the car here and pull it with the tractor tomorrow." Conner took off his coat and wrapped it around me. We walked to the four-wheeler and he held me tightly as we drove up to the house. He kissed me on my head several times before picking me up and carrying me in the house. I could feel the warmth right away, but kept my head tight in Conner's chest.

"Conner, what is going on?" I could hear Miranda asking. I just couldn't face her yet. There was so much that I didn't understand.

"Not tonight, sis. Just let it go for tonight." Conner walked us into his room and laid me down on the bed. He crouched down over me and kissed me on the lips. "You shouldn't have drove in that mess, darlin'. I don't know what I'd do if something happened to you." He threw me some clothes. "Put these on and get warm. I'll get you some of my sister's clothes tomorrow mornin'."

I thought about being here with Conner and his family. Not only would I have to explain why I came, but also why they were all in danger if I was there. "Conner, I can't stay."

Chapter 37

Conner

For the longest time, Amy laid on my bed crying. I'd just rescued her from being stuck on the side of the road in the freezing cold and she was telling me that she couldn't stay. She had to know that wasn't going to fly with me. "What do you mean, you can't stay?"

"I can't put your family in danger, Conner. I can't do that to them and to you. He's going to come and I'm going to have to leave with him."

I shook my head and put my hands over my face. "I can't keep doin' this, Amy. One minute I think you're stayin' with me and the next you're just givin' me a reason why you're runnin' back to him. My family is all here and I want you to be a part of it, but I can't do that when you won't let me."

"Conner, it isn't what you're thinking. I swear I don't love him. You have to know that. I just don't want anyone getting hurt."

I grabbed her hands and looked into her saddened eyes. "You're hurtin' me."

I was tired from working all day and the thought of her leaving just really pissed me off. "You do what you gotta do." I got ready to take back my statement, but my sister came knocking on my door and came right in. "What now?"

My sister gave me a dirty look. "I just thought y'all would want to know Rick is here."

I looked over to Amy and then back to my sister. "I've had about enough of this shit."

Amy got in front of me. I could tell she felt uncomfortable around Miranda. "Please don't do this."

"I'm not goin' to stand here and let this keep happenin'." I didn't give a shit about what my sister was thinking.

Amy kept at it though. "It's not like you think. Just stop it. He doesn't know you are back. He thinks you moved back to Kentucky."

"Conner, you need to calm down. I don't know what's goin' on here, but that man is at our door and he's waitin' for his wife." My sister pushed me away from the door.

Ty came walking in and I wasn't worried about beating my way through him either. "He needs to know what it's like to have a fist thrown at his face."

Without asking his wife, Ty walked closer to Amy. "Amy, I don't care if you stay here for Christmas, hell, I don't even care if there is something really happening between you and Conner, but right now your husband is at our door and he ain't going to leave until you talk to him. Now, I will stand beside you the whole time if that's what you want, but if you want to remain friends with Conner, or whatever else you are to each other, then I suggest he stays put in this room and keeps his mouth shut." I was going to punch him for giving me that look.

For some reason when Ty grabbed my sister's hand, they looked at each other and smiled and she changed her attitude. "I'll stay back here with my brother. You two go do what you need to do. Amy, if you want to stay, you know you're welcome. You don't have to go back with him."

Amy put her head down and started to cry. "I wish it were that easy. Conner, you know I can't stay. You know why I have to go."

"You'd pick that over your own safety?" I couldn't believe this was happening. What was she thinking?

"I have to. I'm so sorry you guys. I have to go with him." I went to follow her out of the room, to beg her to stay with me. I didn't care about his threats to my family. We could handle them together. They would all understand.

Ty walked in front of me and pushed me back again. I gave him a desperate look. "Ty, you don't understand. She doesn't want to go with him."

When he pushed me down to sit on my bed, I knew it was going to be a fight I didn't want to start. "She ain't goin' to leave him. He has somethin' on her and she can't afford to leave. I told her she has friends that would help her, but she's adamant, man. I can't just sit back here and know that he's goin' to be layin' his hands on her, forcin' himself on her again." I couldn't tell them the whole truth, so I made it sound like it was something other than our relationship.

Ty was watching me like I was going to run past him and go after Amy. I was considering it.

"You have to let her make the choice. Look, dude, I know she's your friend and I know you care about her, but she's a grown woman. If she wants to leave with him, you have to let her."

When I heard him putting on a pathetic show to try to get Amy to leave with him, I thought about grabbing my damn shotgun and chasing him off our property. I didn't know what he had on Amy, if it was even something at all, but she needed to know that I was there for her, no matter what.

"This is bullshit!"

Noah and Bella came walking down the hall and Ty grabbed them right away. "Somebody came to see Aunt Amy and we don't want him knowing we are all back here. Can you two be quiet for a couple more minutes?"

They both shook their heads and stood there with us, being good for once.

I heard the front door close and put my head down. She had gone with him and I didn't think I could take it anymore. The weather was terrible and she was putting herself in even worse danger.

My bedroom door creaked open and Amy was standing there with tears in her eyes. Ty patted me on the shoulder and left us to be alone.

Amy sat down beside me and looked at the floor.

"You stayed?" I was so relieved.

"I have to tell you something and you might just tell me that you don't want to be with me anymore."

Oh God. All I could think was that she was still sleeping with Rick and he threatened to tell me. I tried so hard to think it could be anything else, but I couldn't think of a single thing that she would have to hide from me, unless she was sleeping with him.

"Before I tell you, I need you to promise not to freak out. I wanted to tell you when it happened, but I was so scared how you would handle it. I just love you so much and I can't deal with thinking I could lose you over this."

I cleared my throat and spoke quietly. "How bad is it?"

"It depends on how you take it. I guess it could be a deal breaker." She started to cry and I knew it was bad news.

I'd heard of people having affairs only to realize that they just wanted to stay in their marriage. For the life of me, I couldn't believe she would want to be with an abuser and a liar over me. It made no sense. "Do you want to be with him?"

She fell to the floor in front of me and put her hands on my legs. "Why would you think that?"

I couldn't look at her. It hurt me too much to look at something that I might lose. "Just tell me what you have to say. It's late and I don't think my heart can take much more, to be honest with you."

She spoke in a whisper. "Conner, please look at me."

"I can't. I know what you're goin' to say and I don't think I can handle it. I'm just not ready to hear somethin' like that."

She stood up and walked away from my bed. "I was afraid of this. I knew it was just too much to ask. I mean, how could I ever think you were ready to hear something like that? Who would want to be involved with a married person and find that out?" She turned around and faced me. I kept my head down, but I could see her feet facing my direction. "I just want you to know that no matter what, I'm keeping it."

I looked up at her, because I obviously didn't hear her clearly. "Come again?"

"I'm keeping it, Conner. There's nothing you can say to make me change my mind. I didn't want to tell you, but Rick threatened to tell your family what a whore I was. He said he would make it so they would never accept me."

I stood up and walked over to her, but didn't touch her. "Wait, did you just? Are you pregnant?"

She nodded but didn't speak.

"And it's mine?"

This time I got a dirty look. "Of course it's yours. Why would you ask me that? "She backed away from me and got all defensive.

"I just...I thought you were goin' to tell me you were sleepin' with Rick still. I didn't know that you were goin' to say that." I sat down on my bed and looked up at her again. "Pregnant?"

She nodded again. "I understand if you're pissed. I'm keeping it though, it's not like we can do anything about it now anyway. It's way too late for that."

She had her arms crossed over her chest and was waiting for me to say something. I was so shocked that I didn't know what to say. "What do you mean too late?" I threw my arms up in the air. "Wait, I didn't mean it like that, I swear. I just don't understand."

"I'm too far along, Conner. We're four and a half months pregnant."

I stood up and pulled her into my arms. "You said we're."

"Well, you are the father, but I meant what I said. If you don't want all of this, I can do it on my own. I never thought I could have children and when the doctor told me I was pregnant the other day, I was so happy. I want this baby."

I kissed the top of her head. "Are you kiddin' me? This is the happiest moment of my life. There ain't no way you're raisin' our child without me."

She fell into my chest and just burst into tears. "I was so afraid to tell you."

I cupped my hands on her cheeks. "Listen to me right now. I love you and I want a life with you. I don't give a shit about any damn lunatic ex-husband. I don't care about how much money you have and I sure as hell don't care if you ever work again. I want you and now I want our child. I talked to Ty and he and his dad said I can have a parcel of land on the farm and build on it. I'm goin' to give us a home and we're goin' to be together. Hell, you can even invite your family for Christmas next year."

"I don't know what to say." I wiped the tears that were falling down her cheeks and she smiled.

"Say you want that too. Just tell me you want this. That you're finally ready to give yourself to me completely."

She nodded her head. "I am, Conner. You're all I want."

I kissed her perfect lips and held mine there as I spoke. "Good, let's get some sleep. Tomorrow my family is going to eat you alive."

Chapter 38

Amy

Getting Rick to leave wasn't as bad as I thought. When I first walked out and saw him standing by the door, I half expected him to drag me out of there. One thing made me feel safe and that was the fact that he didn't like people to know he was a violent man. With Ty and Miranda lingering around, he kept up with his fake appearance.

He started to threaten me about telling Conner's family about my pregnancy and ruining my happiness. Since Conner didn't know about our bun in my oven, it became my first concern. I had to get rid of Rick.

As soon as I accused him of being drunk and laying his hands on me, he was quick to back down. To protect mine and Conner's secret, for the time being, I gave Rick the number to the house and told him I wasn't leaving because he was drunk. I said it loud enough so Miranda could hear it. I knew she was about to learn the real truth, but it was about protecting Conner from Rick. It didn't matter anyway, I had written down the wrong number. When he finally settled for leaving me there, I finally felt safe. Still, I didn't leave that door until I watched his headlights disappearing down the road.

I didn't know anything about the money he was talking about and I certainly didn't owe him a dime, so if he thought he was getting something from me, he was very wrong. As soon as the holidays were over, I was going to the police. There had to be some way to keep him away from me and from Conner's family.

Being back in Conner's arms, in his bed, made it all seem real. Even though I didn't have a belly, he wrapped his arms around me and held his hands on my stomach. I laced our fingers together and closed my eyes. "You're safe now, Blaze."

I kept my eyes closed as I talked. As long as I was in Conner's arms, I felt safe. "I still can't believe he left. I mean, I thought he was going to drag me out by my hair."

"I thought you were going to leave with him."

"I think I decided that was a bad idea the moment I stepped out of your bedroom. The thought of not being with you killed me. I finally realized that I didn't have to do this alone. As much as I don't want you to have to be involved, I appreciate that you always protect me." He was so warm and I nestled my head over his chest. With my eyes closed, I listened to his heart beating.

"I will always protect you. I don't care about a damn piece of paper."

"You know he's going to come back, right?" As safe as I felt, I didn't want to ever see Rick again.

"Darlin', there are so many unanswered questions that have to do with that man. One thing you need to remember is that you're not alone and if I have to take you and my baby to Kentucky or any other state to be safe, I will. We're goin' to be a family."

I rested my chin on Conner's chest and looked up at him. "Say that again."

He smiled and reached down to kiss me. "We're goin' to be a family."

I turned my body into Conner's and ran my fingers through his. He reached his arm around me, in the spooning position. "Thank you."

He kissed the back of my shoulder. "For what?"

"Loving me."

"Lovin' you was easy, it was gettin' you to believe it, that was the hard part."

I closed my eyes and let myself drift to a goodnights sleep. I don't know why it was so easy for me, but being in Conner's arms made all the difference in the world.

The next morning came sooner than expected, but Conner held me tight in his arms. He even helped me look up my father's number and call to tell him that I was okay. I didn't mean to make the man worry, but I didn't exactly have a choice. Since they had an alarm on their house, I didn't have to worry so much. Besides, Rick was after me, not my father.

I wanted to ask my father if he knew anything about fifty thousand dollars, but since it meant nothing to me, I just dropped it.

The bottom line was that Rick had been stealing money that I'd been making for six years. The salon was mine and everything in it belonged to me. Rick had been living with so many lies that even he couldn't keep them straight anymore. He could show up a million times, but he couldn't make me leave with him. I had no secrets from Conner and now that I knew he was going to stand by me and be with me, I knew I could get through anything.

After all of the months of fighting with Conner to wait and look for a good reason to get away from Rick, now that I was pregnant, everything had changed. I no longer cared so much about having anything. If Rick wanted to fight me and he ended up taking the salon, I would still have Conner and our baby.

I figured that Miranda was going to come flying into the room giving me a piece of her mind, but she never did. Since I felt stupid, we stayed in his room all day. He went out to use the bathroom and get us something to eat.

All throughout the day, I kept waiting for the phone to ring or Rick to knock on the door, but he never did. By the end of the night, I just knew he wasn't coming back for me. In fact, I was pretty sure that he was probably drunk somewhere, in the company of whoever he could find. Hopefully, they would both get a disease and die.

The next morning, I woke up to Conner's kisses. I'd taken a shower before bed and couldn't imagine how horrible my hair looked, but he didn't even seem to mind.

I felt down to my belly, just reminding myself that none of this was a dream.

Conner kept staring at me. "What are you thinkin' about?"

I smiled and leaned over to kiss him. "I'm thinking about being a mother."

"Yeah, you were smiling and lost in thought over there." He reached for my hand and kissed the back of it. "When do you want to tell my family the good news?"

I sighed and shook my head. "Maybe we should just wait. I mean, I can't expect that they will be happy about it."

Conner started laughing at me. "Amy, it ain't like you're a stranger and they've all suspected this was happenin' anyway. My family isn't goin' to hate you, I promise."

I thought about the first time Miranda had introduced me to her mother and how sweet I thought she was. I just wondered how sweet she would be when she knew that her son had knocked up a married woman. "I don't know Conner."

He laughed again and pushed up his oversized t-shirt to reveal my belly. When I looked at it, I guessed I did see a little change, but it looked like I just ate a lot, not like I was pregnant. "At the end of the day, we're adults and this baby is my flesh and blood. I think you'll be surprised how my family takes it. You better get up and get changed though, because I just heard Colt's big mouth."

I sat up really fast. "Conner, please don't leave me in here."

He leaned down and kissed my head. "Get changed and come out. If I stay in here while you change, I won't want to leave this room."

He left me to get changed and even pointed to a pile of clothes that he'd gotten from Miranda. I still hadn't even faced her yet. This all just made my stomach hurt.

I got dressed slowly and ran into the bathroom to do something with my face and hair. I decided to just go all natural and put my hair in a ponytail. After using Conner's toothbrush, which was the one that wasn't any kind of character, I took a deep breath and walked out to face Conner's family.

Chapter 39

Conner

I knew the only way to get Amy out of my room was to leave her there. As much as she didn't want to confront my family, I needed her to at least be cordial.

When she came out, I couldn't help but smile. Bella went right over to her and hugged her. I thought back on the day that she asked if I was going to marry her Aunt Amy. I knew I loved her then, but I'd never considered being married. This past year had changed me and now being married and having a kid was something I was really looking forward to.

After hugging Colt and Van and giving my little niece Christian a dozen kisses, the house filled with commotion. Amy stayed close to me at first, but ended up helping the girls with carrying stuff over to Ty's parents.

I couldn't help but look over at her every chance I got, even when she was trying her hardest to avoid my stares. She just made me so darn happy and I didn't feel like hiding it anymore. Maybe it was too soon, but I felt like I'd waited so long already.

After dinner, Amy helped the girls clean up, but when I had to go feed the pony that Bella was getting from Santa, Amy tagged along. As soon as we got out of the house, I couldn't help but put my arm around her. Being in a house with my horny ass family was hard enough, but knowing that my woman was also in that room made it damn near unbearable.

Once we got to the barn, Amy relaxed. She wrapped her arms around me and kissed me slowly. I grabbed her on the hips and pulled her body into mine. "Don't start somethin' you can't finish."

She backed away from me and removed her scarf. "Who says I can't finish? I mean, Ty and Miranda were doing some freaky sex thing at the dinner table with their eyes and then Colt and Van snuck in the back bedroom to get diapers, but they didn't come out with any."

I started to laugh. "I can't believe you noticed that. Yeah, at Thanksgiving, we caught Colt and Van gettin' it on in the pantry with a house full of people and Ty and Miranda got chiggers from doin' it in the woods. I guess my family just can't keep their pants on." I started unbuttoning my pants as I reached where Amy was standing. She reached inside and at first her hands were so cold that I pulled away. "Whoa, I didn't expect that."

She giggled and leaned into my chest, while she attempted a second time. Her hands were still cold, but as they began stroking my shaft, I forgot all about the temperature. I wasn't used to her hair being in a ponytail, but I loved being able to dive right into her neck with my lips. She leaned back and gave me full reign to drag my tongue up to her ear. I could hear her breathing increase as she continued stroking my cock. "I love you so much. You'll always be my Blaze."

She bit down on her lip and moaned. "Mmm, I want you inside of me, Conner."

I pushed her shirt up and then her bra, to reveal her perfect tits. I sunk down and licked one of her ni**les. She watched me and I noticed that she slowed down how she was stroking me. I took her whole breast into my mouth and sucked hard, making her cry out. I knew what she wanted and I wanted it just as bad.

I pulled her hand out of my pants and slipped them down to fall on the floor. With one swift tug, her pants went down and her little panties were all that was separating me from being inside of her.

I picked her up and leaned her up against the counter. She grabbed her panties and pulled them to the side to give me just enough room to slide inside.

I thrusted into of her and we both were caught off guard by the urgency of our need for each other. Her legs wrapped around my waist like she knew I liked and I started on a constant pace. I grabbed the back of her head and pulled her mouth into mine. She pulled away and teased me with her tongue. Each time I pounded myself into her, I watched her perfect titties bouncing all around her chest. I took one hand and played with her little nipple, causing her to cry out for me to never stop.

I could feel her starting to let go. Her legs put me in a death hold as she lifted her hips and met my thrusts. I could feel her tightening around my c**k and just feeling her having an orgasm started my own.

I buried my face in her neck and placed tiny tongue filled kisses up to her chin and then finally back to her mouth.

The barn was cold, but we were sweating up a storm. I grabbed her shirt and pulled it down to cover her back up. "We better get back." I pulled up my pants and buttoned them. "You know they have to know we're together. Can't we just tell them?"

She shrugged. "They're going to hate me."

"I think you're wrong, but I will let you wait one more day and then we are tellin' them our news." I reached my hand out for her and we walked together out of the barn, but she pulled away right before we got to the house. "Amy, we slept in the same bed last night."

"Yeah and we all noticed that." Colt came walking around the corner and I swear Amy was about to have a heart attack. She put her head down, like she was ashamed.

I held up my hand to my cousin. "Let me explain."

He stuck his hands in his pockets and waited. "Go ahead. Say somethin', because the last time you and I talked you said she didn't want to be with you."

"If you just be quiet for a damn second, I will. Look, the truth is, we've been seeing each other for a while now."

Colt laughed. "You think it's alright to be involved with a married woman?"

"I left him." We both turned around to look at Amy. She looked like she was shocked she said it too. "He beat me and lied to me for our whole marriage. Conner was there for me when I couldn't tell anyone about it."

I cut her off. "Colt, I know you don't believe this, but we love each other."

He continued to laugh. "I'm sorry guys, I don't mean to be rude. It's Christmas and we're all here together. I'm goin' to leave this conversation for you to explain. You know every darn person in that house is waiting for you two to admit there's somethin' goin' on."

He walked inside and said nothing else. "He's right. We should just tell them."

"I'm scared." I grabbed her shoulders right before we walked into the house.

"Hold that thought. We have to surprise the kids with something Ty and I worked on."

It was only a matter of time before Colt told Van, then she told Miranda and all hell broke loose. We had to tell my family the truth before they heard it from someone else.

Chapter 40

Amy

I was still a little overwhelmed with all that had taken place in the last couple of weeks. Of course, it wasn't like I wasn't used to drama. I mean, obviously the past year of my life was full of it. Still, just knowing that it all brought me to Conner, made it somehow worth the fight.

I still couldn't get over the fact that he not only wanted me, but he wanted our baby too. Last year he was such different kind of person. I'd risked everything I thought I had to be with him, but came out of it all with more than I could ever hope for. He saved me in so many ways and I would be forever grateful for that.

Even though Rick still posed a threat, I knew we could handle it together. I was prepared to fight for what I wanted, because at the end of the day, I had everything I needed. Getting it may have been unconventional, but I wasn't going to complain.

Conner was adamant about telling his family the truth about us. After he and Ty put on their flying Santa display, everyone settled in and watched a movie. I felt awkward but sat with Conner and even held his hand. Miranda was still giving me dirty looks every once in a while and I didn't blame her. She had to feel betrayed by both me and Conner. I was so afraid she was never going to forgive me and I think that's why I just couldn't pull her aside and tell her the truth.

I managed to get through Christmas Eve without having the big reveal. They were all curious, but Conner kept calm and didn't say anything.

Christmas morning was different from what I had experienced for so long. The house filled with people and the children were high on happiness. I'd never felt so much love in one small place before. It was beautiful.

Bella loved her new pony Scotch so much. I was pretty certain I heard her ask Conner if it could sleep in her bedroom at night. He was so good with her and even the babies. I found myself thinking of our situation. He kept holding and playing with Jake and Jax and even chasing around Christian. I guess I had never realized just how much he loved children.

Conner and I had talked about so many things, but there were topics that I just never felt the need to bring up. My fear of him not wanting me anymore, was washed away the moment I saw his face, when he learned I was pregnant. Of course, it hurt me when he asked if it was his, but he had a right to, I guess.

Our casual touches turned into full blown hand holding and hugging as the day progressed. Even though I got several looks, I didn't feel that overwhelmed by judgment. Once the kids went to sleep, us adults hung out and watched television. When Conner was ready for bed, he grabbed my hand and led me to his room.

He'd gone and gotten my bag out of my car, but I preferred sleeping in one of his shirts. I had no sooner pulled it over my head, when he started laughing. "Why are you even botherin'?"

I giggled and climbed into bed beside him. "Behave."

"I don't think you understand just how happy I am." He kissed the top of my head as he pulled me over top of him. "I've waited too long to be able to sleep with you every night." Our fingers came together and he pulled my hand up and kissed it.

I noticed him looking at where my ring used to be and knew he was wondering. "I left it on my bed instead if a note. I guess he got the hint."

He kissed my ring finger, slowly while looking right at me. "I guess I have to get you a replacement."

I was a little shocked to be perfectly honest. Conner wasn't used to having a serious relationship and now he was talking about making a permanent commitment. "I have to get divorced first and we don't have to get married because we have a child. I don't want that kind of relationship."

He laughed. "Yeah, I wasn't talkin' about gettin' hitched, Blaze, but I do want everyone to know that you belong to me. I had to fight real hard for this and I want everyone to know that we're together."

"I get it." I guess because I didn't have much to say, he became all defensive.

"Hey, if I marry anyone, it's goin' to be you. I just thought maybe it would be cool if our son was in the wedding."

"Our son?" I started laughing just thinking about him deciding on the sex of our baby. "What are you going to do if it's a girl?"

He pinched his nose and shook his head. "I reckon that I'll be buyin' more guns, and keepin' in shape, so I can kick every little dude's ass that gets within ten feet of her."

"I have so much to look forward to." I traced the cross tattoo over his chest. "I love you so much, Conner. I've never loved anyone like this."

He cupped his hands around my face and made me look into those green eyes of his. "Well, I've never loved anyone before, so I guess I have you beat."

I rolled my eyes. "It isn't a competition."

He stood up and grabbed a package out of his closet. It was small and I could tell it was jewelry. "What's this?"

"It's your present from me." Conner smiled and sat beside down next to me. "Open it."

I unwrapped the package and opened the little box. Inside of it was a silver necklace. It was a small rope chain with a heart locket hanging from it. "It's beautiful."

"Open it up."

I opened the little locket as he was putting it on my neck. Since I couldn't see it, he laughed and held it up to read it to me.

"Forever my Blaze"

I wrapped my arms around Conner's neck. "I love you so much. Thank you, Conner, for everything." After he kissed me a few times he pulled away.

"You like it?"

"I love it. I have something for you too." I reached into my purse and pulled out an envelope. He cocked his eyebrow and opened it. When I saw him laughing, I knew he liked it.

He read the certificate out loud. "This certificate is good for ten years' worth of haircuts by Amy." He pulled me close to him and kissed my head. "I love it. Thank you."

"I didn't have much time or money. It's probably lame."

He cupped his hands around my face. "I already had two gifts, the moment you walked in that door. I got you and the little one that's growin' inside of you, darlin'. I'd say that's the best present anyone could get."

We were distracted by his phone going off on the bedside table. He reached over me. "It's probably just one of my old friends wishing me a Happy Holiday or somethin'."

Conner's face got real serious. He clear his throat and read the message, before handing me the phone. At first I thought it was my father. When I called to tell him I was okay, I had given him Conner's number. I think the look on my face said it all when I read what the message said.

The first thing I noticed was the sender. It was Heather.

I know I am the last person you want to talk to. I've done a lot of terrible things and I deserve everything you did to me, but I have important information that you and Amy need to know about Rick. Please have her call me, it is extremely urgent. -H

I sat the phone down on the nightstand and let my legs fall off the bed. Conner sat up behind me and leaned his head on my shoulder. "I think you should call her."

"I think I don't care what she has to say. She's ruined too many lives, Conner. I'd never trust anything she said." I hated her so much and even more knowing that she'd been with my man. I was fully aware that what he did saved his sisters marriage, but I'd never forget how much it hurt me. He wasn't mine at the time, but I wanted him to be.

"She said it's about Rick. If you're not going to call, then I am. I just got you and I'm not takin' any chances when it comes to that ass**le."

I didn't want to talk to her, but Conner talking to her was out of the damn question. "Fine. I'll call her tomorrow."

His arms wrapped around me and I felt his lips brushing over my neck. "I won't let them hurt us, you know. I'd die before I let anyone hurt you again."

I stood and turned around to face him. "Don't ever talk about dying. Please don't ever talk about that Conner."

His hands slid up the front of my oversized t-shirt and grabbed the elastic part of my underwear. He pulled them until I fell over top of him on the bed. "You really do worry too much. This ain't the movies, darlin', you and I are goin' to be fine. Now, would you stop worryin' and get some sleep? I have to tell my mother the truth before she leaves."

"Great, I will definitely be able to sleep now." I immediately felt queasy just thinking about them telling me that I had to leave. I thought about Miranda walking up and smacking me in the face for getting involved with her brother. Keeping the truth from my best friend for so long wasn't going to go over we'll, no matter how many times I played it out in my head. She was going to be so pissed, but I knew I couldn't stay here with Conner without letting all of them know what was going on.

I don't really know how long I slept, but the sound of a rooster woke me and right away I noticed that Conner wasn't in the bedroom. After using the bathroom, I found him in the kitchen with Colt and Van. I could tell from the look on her face that she knew we were in a relationship. We hadn't exactly been hiding it.

"Good morning." She was sitting with Christian while she ate her breakfast.

Colt handed me a coffee cup and scooted out of the way of the pot. My heart dropped when I looked at Conner with a worried look. "Uh, I don't drink coffee." I lied.

Miranda happened to walk in just when I said it. "Since when? You usually drink a whole darn pot. I could never just stop drinkin' coffee. The only time I stopped was when I was preg..." Her eyes got huge and she grabbed me by my arm and pulled me out of the kitchen. I looked back at Conner who was shaking his head and following close behind.

Once we got into the bedroom, which she tried to keep her brother out of, she stood in front of me, tapping her foot. "You are goin' to explain to me right now what's goin' on." She pointed at my brother. "For months I have asked you and you kept lying about it. It's your baby isn't it? You couldn't keep your dick in your pants."

Conner smiled and scratched his head. "Get over yourself Randa, you're just pissed because you're the last to know about it."

"It wasn't like you're thinking, Miranda. He didn't try to get into my pants, he saved me and took care of me. Your brother has been nothing but a loyal friend to me. I won't let you accuse him of something else." I probably shouldn't have taken up for him like that.

She cocked her eyebrow and got close to me. "Let me guess, him keepin' you safe required you to be naked? My brother doesn't care about girls. He f**ks girls, Amy. If you think you're different, you're very wrong.

Conner came up behind me. "I love her, Randa. I swear to God that I do. You owe her an apology!"

Miranda just stared at Conner. She got this weird smile across her face and turned to me. "What are you going to do about Rick? I mean, you're my best friend, but I can't support you bein' with my brother if you're still married to another man."

"My marriage has been over for a very long time." That was the truth.

"So, you're tellin' me that you're in love with each other and you're havin' a baby?" She sat down on the bed and just kept looking at the both of us. "And the baby is definitely my brothers?"

"I haven't been with anyone else."

"I didn't mean to say it that way. It's just that all this time I knew that something was goin' on. I just had no idea it was this serious. You're really in love with my brother? With him? For real?"

I looked up at Conner and he winked at me. "I really am."

"Conner, so help me God, if you hurt my best friend, I will rip your damn balls off."

We both started laughing, while Conner just shook his head. "I'd like to keep my balls if that's okay with you."

I was shocked when Miranda reached her arms around me. "So, I guess you'll be stayin' with us for a while?"

"Is it okay? I mean, I haven't thought that far ahead."

Conner cleared his throat. "Is it going to be a problem?"

Miranda shook her head. "I told you that you could stay with us last year. Of course you can stay, except you'll have to share a room with my brother, but since he's already knocked you up, I don't really see it bein' a problem."

I put my arms back around Miranda. "Thank you. I've wanted to tell you for so long, I swear. I just didn't know how to begin."

She pushed me away and smiled. "It's not me you have to worry about. Conner needs to tell our mother and the rest of the family."

"We'll, let's get it over with then." He grabbed my hand and pulled me out into the living room. "Call over to the house and tell them to get over here. I have something I want everyone to know."

Ty was standing next to Colt and they nudged each other. "You decided to come out of the closet didn't you?" Colt shook his head and started laughing at Ty's comment.

"Screw you, douche. You're the one who irons his underwear." The thought of Tyler Mitchell ironing anything made me burst into laughter.

He threw his hands in the air. "I like how it makes them lay in the dresser. Don't knock it till you try it, dude."

I watched Colt handing Ty money and he tucked it into his pocket. Obviously, they had a bet going about my relationship with Conner.

Colt came over and whispered in my ear. "Darlin', you sure you want to be a part of this family?"

I smiled. "More than anything."

So, I pictured his family walking in and all sitting down. I figured they would all give him their attention and he would explain our whole story, but it went nothing like that.

Conner's family came walking into the house. They were still in pajamas and all seemed grumpy for being drug out in the cold. Conner stuck two fingers in his mouth and whistled loudly, causing me to jump. "Amy's having my kid and we're a couple. Does anyone here have a problem with that?"

The room got quiet for a good ten seconds...and then the chaos began. I got hugged, kissed, congratulated, warned and hugged again by every single person in the house.

After they were all done, his mother came up and kissed me on the cheek. "When my daughter introduced you, I had this feeling that you were special. My son is a hard head and he likes to get the last word in edgewise. Be patient with him, Amy. I know you have a lot to deal with, but you're a part of this family now, whether you want it or not."

"I want it so much. I love your family and I love your son."

She patted me on the leg. "He'll be a wonderful father. Take care of him for me."

"I will, I promise."

After the excitement wore off, we spent the rest of the day surrounded by the family. Everyone seemed so happy and they welcomed me like I had always been around. Finally, I felt like I was home and I was safe.

Later that night, I cuddled into Conner's arms in his bed. When he started to snore, I turned around and watched him sleeping. He really was a beautiful man. Sure, he was totally cocky, but everything he'd said turned out to be true. From the first moment we were together, I had wanted more and now I had it.

There was still so much to be figured out, but I knew with Conner by my side, everything would be okay.

