Chapter 1

Fifteen hours.

That's how long it had been since my entire world was turned to literal shit.

After reaching inside of my purse, and grabbing the semi-organized group of coupons, I looked back up at the conveyor belt rolling my groceries toward the cashier. I double checked all of my items with how many coupons that I was using, making sure for maximum savings. One quick glance at the cashier and I knew she wasn't too happy about me being one of her first customers of the morning. I didn't care about her opinion, since extreme couponing had been saving me money ever since I'd started doing it. The elderly man in front of me was more of a pain in the ass than scanning a few pieces of paper. If she knew what was good for her she'd put a smile on her face and be cordial, before I slapped that grin right off of it. I needed every extra penny I could pinch. After last night I was going to need a lot more than pennies to get me by.

Just thinking about it made my stomach turn. I still couldn't accept that it was real. It was a wife's worst nightmare, the most horrible act of defiance. The repercussions of one person's action had destroyed my life, and I still hadn't had enough time to comprehend all that something like this could mean for mine and my children's futures.

The queasiness started to get worse. I grabbed my abdomen and scrunched up my face. The idea of having the explosive nerve shits in the line at the grocery store wasn't exactly on my bucket list, but as the urgency became painful, I knew I had a decision to make.

Without worrying about the people in line behind me, or the fact that I was next up, I got out of my place and located the restroom, while squeezing my ass cheeks tightly together to prevent the inevitable.

To be honest, I wasn't the kind of person that liked to use public restrooms. The smell of overbearing air freshener filled my nostrils, reminding me that they used such pungent scents to hide the filth and germs.

I grabbed a roll of paper from the back of the commode and started unraveling it over the seat until I couldn't hold it in any longer. As fast as I could pull my jeans down, I lost it. I sat there, clenching the underneath of the toilet as if it was keeping me on the ground. The sheer humiliation of what was happening to me made me begin to bawl. This was my lowest point; the place where I'd never in my whole marriage thought I would be.

So one might ask what is more embarrassing then leaving my groceries at the register while obviously running to the crapper in dire need of release.

If you haven't figured it out, I'll be happy to tell you.

It's having someone walk into the bathroom while you are blowing the place up.

I think that, mixed with the current rush of emotions from the night before caused me to lose all sense of dignity. My lips trembled and my eyes were so filled with tears that I couldn't see the explicit writings on the stall door. Nothing could be worse than what I was going through, well nothing except for the death of one of my children, and I thanked God every single second that I still had them.

You're probably wondering what could have gotten me into such a displeasing predicament. I suppose it started a long time ago, although details are irrelevant.

You see, being a mother and wife is my calling. My family is my whole world, and I'd give my own life for any of them without a second's thought. Last night two of my children had soccer practice at two different fields, at the same time. After getting two of my three children off the bus from school, the fiasco had begun. Violet and Opal had practice at six, while Weston, my teenage son, had stayed after school for a football meeting. I'd tried to get all of their things ready before they got home, in between clipping my coupons, doing the laundry and watching my favorite soap opera. Mind you, I keep busy during the day, cleaning the house and making sure everything is in order for when my husband arrives home, promptly at five.

Normally he would help me with the kids at night, but he'd been working on this super important project, that required him to stay for long hours at the office. I knew he'd be too tired after going in at five in the morning to get a head start, so I opted to handle it myself.

Of course I'd forget shin guards, the most important part of the soccer uniform. After dropping off one child at the first field, Opal realized the dilemma. "Mom seriously? How can you forget them? I can't play without them. Why even go to practice now?"

"I'll run home and grab them. Just go out there and tell your coach so he doesn't count you as late. You don't want to have to sit out first quarter for Saturday's game, do you?"

She looked out at the field. "Duh, of course not!"

Children had a way with making me cringe when they spoke, mine especially. "I'll be five minutes, Opal. Just chill out for once."

"Whatever." She jumped out of the mini-van.

I looked at the clock and noticed it was five fifty-five. I could run and be back before warm-ups were over, and Opal would forget all about my mistake.

Before I get to the point, I just want to say again that being a mother is the most wonderful gift that I'd ever been given. I'd always wanted to have children, and had been very blessed. There wasn't anything that I wasn't willing to do for them, and they knew it.

Super mom mode was in effect. I'd ran through a red light and two of the traffic bumps in our little community to make it to the house a minute sooner than normal. Since I was in a hurry, I figured I'd enter in through the back door that we kept unlocked and grab what I needed with the vehicle still running.

I unlatched the privacy fence that led to the back yard, refastened it so our Saint Bernard Samson wouldn't escape, and entered in through the sunroom. As always the house was quiet. I knew my husband was home, since I'd spotted his car, and heard the water running as I made it up the steps toward the bedrooms.

I think at first I thought it was the television. Men like to watch dirty flicks when the wife and children weren't around. We were not saints after all. Obviously we've all relished in some sort of taboo lifestyle, at least at a distance.

I had little bullet vibrators in my drawer and lotions that are supposed to make my man last longer. We'd messed around with role play and laughed about it each time. Porn just wasn't a big deal to me.

After grabbing the shin guards and standing in the foyer listening, I started to feel horny. The kids weren't home and he was definitely looking for some stress relief.

Out of all the times where the kids came before my husband I figured five more minutes couldn't hurt. I'd tell her I couldn't find them, or that I'd gotten pulled over to make her feel bad for me rushing.

Don't judge, everyone does it.

So anyway, I sat the shin guards down on the hall table and crept into the room to catch my husband watching p**n while showering. I even giggled thinking about the day he'd offered to put a television on the bathroom counter, claiming we could listen and watch the news while crapping or taking a bath.

After opening the double doors to the master suite, I crept near the bathroom door and froze. Clearly there was a man and woman talking, but the man's voice wasn't coming from the television. I laughed again, imagining him in the shower, with the glass doors open talking to the p**n woman on the television, as if she was getting him off instead of his own hand. I cracked open the door to scare him, and got way more than an eyeful. Not only was my husband indisposed, but through the glass shower walls I spotted my next door neighbor on her knees in front of him, with a mouth full of his cock. She was steadily sucking him off while gagging from taking his full shaft as deep as possible.

Utter shock.

Betrayal.

Anger.

Hurt.

Humiliation.

You name it, and I was feeling it.

In those few moments I lost track of time. The room began to spin and I was positive that my late lunch was going to show back up at any second.

I just couldn't stop looking. His hands pressed against that fogged up glass. The moans were coming from both of them.

"Yeah, you know how I like it, Kate. Ahhh, you're the best, baby. Make me cum. Take that load for Daddy."

For Daddy? Really? If he talked to me like that I would have bit off the damn thing.

I watch a lot of television shows. Ever since that damn DVR thingy was invented I recorded all sorts of crap to bide my time while I worked around the house. After sixteen years of raising children for a living, taking care of a house had gotten easy. My favorite kind of shows were the police ones, where they basically show you how not to get caught when committing a crime.

My mind went to two things simultaneously as I stood there flabbergasted at what I was witnessing.

How to kill them both before soccer practice was over.

How much acid can you buy without the officials getting notified?

The water shut off, causing me to lose my footing and fall back on the plush carpet in the bedroom. I panicked, rushing out of the room and back out the door before they knew I'd been there. With shaky hands I backed out of the driveway and rushed down the road, turning the corner before I considered stopping.

That's when I lost it, right there on the road adjacent to mine. Through narrow hedges I could still see my house. I watched, with tear-filled eyes for twenty more minutes until Kate came walking out my back gate with wet hair. I covered my face with my hands and couldn't control my emotions any longer. I was utterly and completely devastated.

How could he do that to me, to our family, to our life? What had I done wrong? Did I not give him what he needed?

Her moans kept ringing through my ears and the way he told her she was so good. In all honestly I would have been okay if a random carjacker would have walked up and shot me in the head to take my van and my purse. Unfortunately we live in a very nice neighborhood where crimes like that have never happened before.

At six thirty-two my cell phone started to ring in my purse. I wiped off my tears, even though I knew the person on the other end couldn't see me, and then answered.

"Hello?"

"Mom. It's me. Can you pick me up from school, or do you want me to call dad?"

The mere mention of him made my skin crawl. I wondered how I could go from loving someone so completely to hating them with a passion that only murder could fix.

Knowing I was in no shape or form to face any of the kids, I remained calm. "You should call dad. I'm sure he's not doing anything important." If there was some kind of sarcasm in my voice my son wouldn't have noticed. All that ever caught his attention were cheerleaders named Sam with double-d br**sts.

After ending the call I watched the house and saw my husband heading for his car in the driveway. Since I obviously didn't want anything to do with the man, until I could rationalize with what to do, I pulled away and headed to the field.

Violet ran over to the van and climbed in the back without even looking at me. It was amazing that I could have been a stranger and she wouldn't have even noticed. I conjured up my normal voice enough to speak to her. "How was practice?"

"Fine. I'm hungry. Can we stop somewhere?" My fourteen year-old loved me, somewhere deep inside, buried and locked away.

"Let's get your sister first and then we'll decide."

Opal spotted the van as soon as I pulled up and walked toward it. I wiped my eyes one last time and waited to get reamed out by my fifteen year-old. "Mom, seriously? You said you'd be right back. Now I can't play Saturday and it's all your fault."

I thought about the shin guards being on the table where I left them and then went back to the vision of my husband getting a blow-job by my neighbor, and I lost it.

Tears rolled down my eyes and I threw the van into park, letting my head fall on the steering wheel.

"Mom, are you okay?" Violet asked from the back seat.

"I got pulled over. He was so mean to me. He made me sit there while he checked to see if my plates were stolen. Apparently there was a robbery in town today and my vehicle matched the description," I lied. The more I sobbed the more believable it was. After all, I was the boring soccer mom that never did anything wrong.

"Oh my God! Will it be on the news?" Of course Violet would think she could use an incident like that as a popularity advantage at her school.

"No. It was just me and the officer. After thirty minutes he let me go. It just scared me, that's all."

"I guess getting something to eat is off then," Violet said from the back seat.

"Oh, can we, Mom? I'm hungry too. I couldn't eat that chicken you made yesterday again. It was too spicy."

I'd tried to make jerk chicken the night before. Instead I'd made the most spicy chicken that any of us had ever eaten. Though my husband and son devoured every bite, none of us girls could handle it. Since I refused to throw away good food, I washed it off and offered it again for dinner. They weren't falling for it.

Since the last place I wanted to be was at home, I decided that stopping anywhere was a good idea. "We can stop. I can use a few minutes to calm down."

Normally fast food places take forever. Of course, on this particular night you'd think the building was on fire. We had our food in less than two minutes and I had run out of reasons to stall going home.

While my two daughters stuffed their faces in the vehicle, I drove silently contemplating on how I was going to handle things. My first concern had to be my children. As horrible as it was, I couldn't subject them to his infidelities, even though in my eyes he wasn't just cheating on me, he was cheating on them too.

That rotten bastard had let his dick ruin our family, and I was going to cut it off and stick it in my neighbor's mailbox for her to keep. Better yet, I'd cook it and invite her to lunch. Imagining the look on my face as I sat watching her eating it was making me smile in the midst of tragedy. I had to let my mind wander, because it was the only thing keeping me from breaking down.

Not only could I not let my girls see me that way, but I knew for a fact that I'd die before I let him know he'd shattered my heart into a million pieces. The bile in my throat was a constant reminder of what I'd witnessed just hours earlier. My dignity was gone, and replaced with little self worth. How was I not good enough for him?

For him of all people.

The man who constantly had shit stains in his tighty-whities.

The man who soaked his pillow every night in drool.

The man who couldn't order a pizza by himself.

I'd done everything for him our entire marriage, and this was how he repaid me, by f**king my neighbor that I walked with on the weekends.

Come hell or high water, I was going to find a way to make him pay for what he'd done to me. This was not alright. I'd watched enough television shows on crime to know exactly how to make that mother f**ker suffer.

It was easy to get mad to hide the real pain that had overwhelmed me. I think when something like this happens you go through the motions, not really understanding the severity to an extent.

First there was the shock.

Then the pain.

Next comes resentment.

Followed by the hate.

Where is the revenge though? Where is the part where I had money stashed away in a dark corner for this very moment? Where is the handsome man in the butter commercials that's going to swoop in and make me forget all about Mr. Shit Stains?

While all of this is running through my head, I realized that I'd pulled up in my driveway. As the girls got out I checked my eyes and took a few deep breaths. I'd wait for everyone to go to sleep before I addressed the end of my marriage with my husband. Nothing he could say or do would ever allow me to forget the image of him, no matter how much time could pass.

He'd cheated on me, in my own home, probably in my very bed that I put my head every night to sleep. He was scum, and I was literally in a world of a mess that I had no idea how I was going to get out of.

After a few more very deep breaths, I walked inside of my home ready to put on the best show I'd ever performed. Fortunately, he wasn't even on the first floor. Our dog, Samson, came up and sniffed my leg, while I relaxed my uptight stance, feeling a bit relieved. That's when he came walking down the stairs, a big smile on his face, like I recognized whenever I'd been out somewhere.

It hit me like a ton of bricks being thrown at my face. He'd done this to me over and over. "Hi, honey. I was wondering when you'd get back." He walked over and kissed me on the cheek.

I was frozen, unable to respond in any way. How could this monster act as if nothing was wrong? How could he look at me and feel no guilt whatsoever?

"Sorry. The girls wanted food, so I stopped. Plus I need to go to the grocery store in the morning. We're out of everything."

Was I standing there talking to that douche like nothing had occurred?

Yes, I was.

The downstairs became crowded with children, and I knew it wasn't the time or place. Using a headache as an excuse, I went up to bed a little while later. I wanted to soak in the tub, but walking into my bathroom and remembering what had taken place made me collapse to the floor in a ball. He'd tainted our home, our family, and most importantly all of my dreams. This man that I'd promised to love for the rest of my life, for better or for worse, had destroyed me, and I had no idea how I was going to find an inch of hope out of it.

My husband, whose real name is Charles, but we'll go with Mr. Shit Stains for now, came to bed a couple hours later. By that time I'd turned to my side and pretended to be asleep. I was too exhausted from crying to talk about it. I just laid there, my eyes closed but never falling asleep, listening to him snoring as if nothing was wrong with the world.

I imagined all of the ways I could kill him while he slept, first by smothering him with a pillow. He'd be too strong and push me off of him. Then I thought about slicing his throat. The mess would be too hard to get out of my five-hundred thread count sheets. I imagined dumping drain cleaner or anti-freeze into his open mouth, all the while laying there calmly next to him.

Sleep never came.

Knocking made me jump off the toilet and look up from inside of the bathroom stall. "Ma'am, you alright in there?"

I'd been reliving the past night while still in the bathroom at the grocery store. I grabbed a wad of toilet paper before responding. "Yes, just finishing up."

It was embarrassing enough to have to take a number two in public, but to have someone talking to you while it was happening was just ridiculous. I waited for the woman to leave before stepping out, and then I did what every woman would have done in my situation.

I hauled ass out of the store without going to the register or making eye contact with anyone I passed. Even though it was the most convenient to my house, I'd never go back there again in fear of personal humiliation from being known as the woman who got the shits.

Chapter 2

For the first two days I think I went into some kind of denial. I mean, if I blocked it out of my mind it didn't hurt so much. I could pretend that nothing was happening and there was no way I'd ever have to move out of my wonderful home, and share custody of my beautiful children. They kept me busy, running them here and there, and for once I was grateful to have so much to keep me occupied.

My time in denial came to a direct halt when my husband had to go on a business trip. Where I should have looked forward to not having to pretend to have headaches, or be too tired to communicate with him, I found myself dwelling on the fact that my neighbor was also out of town.

I thought about burning her house down, dousing it with gasoline and watching the bitch burn to the ground. I mean, it certainly would have put a smile on my face knowing that in some ways I'd destroyed a part of her life that meant something, like she'd done to me. Even though I hated what he was doing, my heart still ached for that love that he was clearly giving her, which had once been all mine.

The last straw was when I finally decided that I needed to know how long it had been going on, and if she was the only one.

It took me literally two attempts to figure out his personal password on his separate bank account. Once inside I had to sift through charges that coincided with when we weren't together. Sure enough, there were local hotel stays when he'd said he was working out of town, including the one he was currently staying at.

Two miles away.

That son of a bitch had been f**king my neighbor in a hotel that was within walking distance of our house. Anyone could have seen him.

After pacing around the kitchen, flailing my arms and talking myself into a stupor, I decided that I had to get myself together. My mother, who was in a nursing home, after suffering from a stroke, was no help to me. My aunt, who'd always been the second person I'd turned to, was on a cruise with her new husband, and my brother was in Afghanistan working as a medical pilot.

None of them could help me.

I picked up my phone and sifted through my contacts, wondering who I could call for advice, but after considering that most of my friends were my children's friend's parents, I knew I didn't want them knowing my business.

I was going to have to take matters into my own hands if I wanted my kids to be able to come out of this without having to go into therapy.

I don't know what made me snap. Honestly I was fine one moment and the next I was in my mini-van driving straight to the hotel like a bat out of hell. Now, a smart person would have hidden their vehicle out of plain sight, or at least worn a disguise to prevent the person they were spying on from catching them.

Obviously I wasn't worried about being smart. Hell, if he would have walked out of that hotel the moment I spotted both of their cars I think I would have run them over, repeatedly, and then sped off, while they bled out.

Reaching degrees for a boiling point was hard for me to do. I'd had years to practice being patient, tolerating more than a fair share of fights, sicknesses, and kid drama. I knew how to walk away and take a few breaths before losing control and doing something that I'd regret, but still some part of me needed a reason to feel empowered. I needed some kind of release, and I'm not talking about sexually.

With no regard for who might be watching, including my f**kstick of a husband, I stepped out of my mini-van and walked over to his shiny BMW. We'd sacrificed a new kitchen so that he could splurge on that car. I knew exactly how much it meant to him to have it looking pristine all of the time. I assessed the vehicle, walking over to the passenger side. With my elbow, I knocked out the passenger side mirror, giggling when I looked back and saw how it was shoved into the component. For a women in her late thirties, I felt like a teenager, doing something I'd definitely ground my kids for doing.

The mirror wasn't enough for me though. I wanted the wow factor when he noticed the damage. I wanted his mouth to drop, as if he'd walked in and saw me blowing the pool boy or better yet, one of my son's friends.

For a moment my mind went to Mrs. Robinson and I wondered if I still had that kind of hotness.

I found a rock on the ground, small, but large enough to scratch the paint to hell. Being rational, I knew I couldn't write cheater, or ass**le without him knowing I'd caught him. Until I figured out how to pay for a lawyer and get my ducks in row, I wasn't going to let him know I was onto his secret affair.

Just as the rock made contact with the shiny black paint, my phone began to ring. It startled me, causing me to move my hand away from the vehicle.

"Hello?" I assumed it was about my children.

"Hey, honey, it's me. I'm just checking in."

That mother f**ker was in the hotel across the lot from me pretending he was away on business. It took everything in me not to blast him with the obvious truth and be done with it all. "Are they keeping you busy?" In other words, did Kate have her lips around his cock?

"Yeah. It's pretty intense. I don't know if I'll be able to call later. I'll shoot you a text before I go to bed."

"I'll wait up."

"Great. You're the best, Lil. Love ya."

You-have-got-to-be-shitting-me.

I stared blankly at the perfect paint job on his car. "Yeah, love you too."

With no regard for who could see me I took that rock and drew circles all over the door panel. The nerve of him was atrocious. He deserved much worse than I was giving him, and I needed to sort out my business before I could make any decisions.

After driving away, and pouring all of my tears over the steering wheel of the mini-van, I decided that I needed to speak to an attorney before I could jump into any plans with my future. We had a hefty house payment, and the utilities alone were enough for someone to need two jobs. Then there were my children. As their mother, I wasn't willing to spend one single day without them under my roof. I'd be damned if that son of a bitch was going to have them.

However, I had no job; no means at all to make money. Sure, I could sue him and collect alimony, but my kids would still have to move; they'd be devastated over the breakup and I'd be taking them out of the only home they'd ever known. Someone like me, with no job experience could never afford to live anywhere remotely near where we resided, and I felt sick over imagining them choosing to stay with him over me.

I used my cell phone to look up the names of lawyers that offered free consultation. I knew they probably weren't the best at what they did, but it was definitely a start. I needed options and advice, before I picked my kids up from school and drove as far away from my husband as possible.

Out of dumb luck, an attorney's office had a cancellation right before I'd called. They told me if I was able to make it there in the next fifteen minutes I could get in to see one of the lawyers.

I drove across town and was in the parking lot of the building within minutes. Then I just sat there, staring at the building and realizing what I was going in there for. Was I ready to end my marriage? If given the choice, would my husband choose to stay with me? Could we resolve things without breaking up our family?

The answer was easy when I closed my eyes and pictured my neighbor's lips sucking up his stiff dick. I climbed out of the mini-van determined that there was no way in hell I'd ever forgive him.

The attorney's office was busy. Two front desk girls sat next to each other, one having people fill out forms while the other stayed on the phone. After signing in, I sat down across from this woman that was applying lipstick and double checking her makeup. I found it odd that this was a divorce lawyer and she was primping, as if she were going to look her best for a divorce.

She caught me looking as she put the tube of makeup away. "Let me guess." She looked me up and down. "Your husband cheated?"

At first I didn't answer her.

"Look honey, the sign on the door says Divorce Attorney. We're all here for the same reason."

I nodded quietly, still unable to admit that my husband had betrayed me.

"You can tell from your eyes that you're hurting. I've been in those shoes. It sucks." The front desk clerk called a name and the woman stood up. She walked toward me first. "Take my advice. Go to a salon and spend his money making yourself beautiful. Then look in the mirror and realize that you're better off without him. It was the best decision I ever made." She'd begun walking in the direction of the back. "I just wish it hadn't taken me so long to realize it."

The room cleared out and I was the only potential client sitting there waiting. One of the front desk clerks grabbed a brief case and left with a man, who I assumed was one of the partners. The other cleared her throat to get my attention. "Excuse me, Mrs. Ross, I need to use the ladies room. Mr. Polleras will be with you shortly. If someone comes in, could you let them know I'll be back in five minutes?"

"Sure." I watched her disappear down a hallway. The female that had given me the advice left promptly without speaking to me again. I found it odd, but maybe she'd gotten terrible news and just needed to distance herself from people to evaluate her options.

When another figure appeared a few moments later I didn't turn my head, assuming it was just the front desk clerk again. Then a deep raspy voice caused me to frighten from my seat. "Are you Mrs. Ross?"

I looked over quickly, snapping my head forward as I gave him an answer. "Yes."

He held out his hand and I looked into his deep brown eyes, surrounded by dark olive skin. I wasn't sure of his nationality, but based on his appearance he was either Italian or from somewhere close to that. His bright white smile revealed one crooked canine that gave his teeth character. I tried to smile like I wasn't noticing his features, but I was certainly failing terribly.

He was one of those men that a woman sees and can't help herself. "It's nice to meet you. I'm Elias Polleras, but my friends just call me Eli. Come on back and tell me why you're here today."

He led me down a long hallway, where other lawyers were inside of offices, meeting with clients. When we got to the last door on the left, he motioned for me to enter. Once I got seated in a large leather chair across from his desk, I looked around the room. Upon walking in, two chairs sat facing one another, while two more matching chairs faced his desk.

Mr. Polleras sat across the desk from me and opened up a folder. He wrote down my name with a fancy gold pen and then looked directly into my eyes. "So tell me what's brought you in today."

I folded my hands over my lap and looked down at my old jeans. I was hardly dressed for a meeting with a fancy lawyer. My brown hair was up in a fancy bun, and I was wearing my cleaning clothes, proudly displaying years worth of bleach stains on both my pants and my t-shirt. I refused to look up at him as I spoke. "My husband is having an affair."

I could hear his pen moving as he wrote. "You're not the first person to come into my office for that very reason, Mrs. Ross. Unfortunately this type of thing happens more than I'd like to admit knowing to. Lucky for you there are people like me that are willing to do whatever it takes to make sure you are taken care of." I knew he was talking professionally, but for some reason, after feeling so worthless, I imagined what it would be like to experience a man like him. I'd never considered cheating on my husband, but knowing that I never wanted to be with the man again left me wondering if there was ever going to be something else out there for me.

"He's f**king my neighbor," I rudely announced, using profanity as if I spoke like that to professional strangers all of the time. "Sorry. I'm a little brutal these days."

Mr. Polleras began to laugh. "We're grown-ups, Mrs. Ross. You can say f**k without judgment here."

Was it wrong that when he used that word I wanted to smile and ask him to say it again? I needed distractions, remember?

I smiled, but still felt uneasy. Something was wrong with me if I couldn't control myself. I had to get it together before this man told me to get lost. "I'm not usually so rude. It's just been a bad week."

"How about we start over and I ask a different question. Tell me the main reason you're here. Do you want a divorce, Mrs. Ross?"

I stared, with tear filled eyes out the window. "I don't know. I guess. It's all so surreal to me. I thought we were happy." As stupid as it was I began to weep. That poor man did not go to work to hear my sob story, but I was giving it to him. I sat there and told him all about the shin guards and the shower scene that was scorched into my mind to replay again and again.

He played with his pen as he listened, never writing anything else down. When I finally finished, he leaned forward and handed me tissues. "In my experience men don't cheat because their wives aren't good enough. They do it because they aren't happy with themselves."

"I've heard that before."

"It's the truth."

I wiped my eyes and shrugged. "What, do you know from experience?"

I didn't mean to ask if he'd been married before. For sure I wasn't implying that, but as his eyebrow started to rise on the right side I realized the question went two ways.

"I've never been married, Mrs. Ross. Before you rethink using me as your attorney I want to reassure you that I'm good at what I do. I spent my twenties building a name for myself, and my thirties wondering where my twenties went." He laughed before continuing. "If you want me to represent you, I will do everything in my power to get you the best result. I know you feel like there is nothing to look forward to, but I've gotten my clients justice, and a means to have a comfortable life. You're not the first mother to walk in here with nothing but the clothes on her back."

I shook my head and started crying again. "That's just it. I don't have a job. I met my husband when we were in college. We got married and started a family right away. He told me that he'd take care of the finances and my job was to take care of the house and our children. I have no means to pay you. We have separate accounts and he gives me a certain amount every month for expenses." I stood up ready to leave. "I shouldn't have wasted your time. I'm sorry."

I got to the door before he addressed me. "Mrs. Ross, this consultation is free. Please sit back down. I wasn't finished speaking." He took a deep breath. "There's options for you. There's child support and alimony. If your husband has supported you for all of those years, you will be entitled to a fair share of whatever he makes. It's the law."

"There isn't any amount of alimony that would allow me to stay in my house, and keep my kids with me all of the time."

"I disagree. Infidelity gives us means to go after your husband for enough to keep you comfortable."

"My kids will hate me. They'll blame all of this on me."

"This is your decision, but you need to be fair to yourself. Do you want to spend the next five to ten years living under the same roof as your adulterous husband?"

He had a point. Really I would have liked to cut off his dick and let him bleed out before I called the paramedics. "This isn't about me. It's about my children. They love him, and no matter what he's done to me, it doesn't reflect the father he is to them. You don't know my life, Mr. Polleras."

"I still think you should weigh out your options. In my professional opinion you have other choices you could make."

I turned to look at the kind man. "What good will it do? At the end of the day I can stay married and keep my family together, or I can leave and lose everything that's important to all of us. Those are my only options."

"I disagree." He motioned to the chair again. "Please sit."

Reluctantly, I walked back to the chair and sat down. "I'm wasting your time."

He leaned back in his chair and crossed his legs. I watched him playing with his fingertips as he spoke to me. "My last client told me about you. She asked me to give you this." He slid a card across the table. "She's a nice girl, who's been through a similar situation. She could tell you firsthand that things will get better. How about we meet next week when things have had time to sink in?"

"Even if I wanted to proceed with this, I can't pay you for the time. I know how expensive you are."

"I don't do this just for the money. Sometimes it feels good to give back. I can see the desperation in your eyes. You came in here today because you obviously needed help." He laughed and shook his head, while still penciling me in.

"I'm pathetic," I whispered.

"Mrs. Ross, please don't take this the wrong way, because I mean it in the most professional sense, but no one should be this miserable when they've done nothing to deserve it. I can help you get what you want, and I'm willing to work pro-bono until you can find the means to pay me."

"That's very kind, but I'm certain a job at a fast food place wouldn't even be able to afford fifteen minutes of what you charge." I closed my eyes for a second and pictured myself working at McDonalds. I cringed inside thinking about what my children would think of me.

He crossed his arms, and I felt uneasy in my own seat. For some reason this man was being nice to me and I was acting so difficult. "The door is right there." He motioned. "I penciled you in for the same time next week. If you show up then we will proceed. If you don't then I didn't lose anything but time."

I smiled and stood up. "I'm just going to work out my marriage. Thank you for seeing me."

Determined to not look back, I looped my purse over my shoulder and left the office.

I could survive for the next ten years with a cheater and liar. I'd have to do it for my children. As miserable as it would be, I'd do it for my kids, and everything they'd valued about their lives. The sacrifice was worth it.

Right?

Chapter 3

Ever since my near shitting myself in the grocery store, I'd been driving clear across town for even the bare necessities. We'd woken to a house with no toilet paper, so there I was spending an extra five bucks in gas to grab a five dollar pack of paper to wipe our asses with.

I found no humor in that at all.

In fact, since the affair had been revealed to me, I found no humor in anything. I was living life like a zombie. I hated the way I looked, the way I felt, and how my suffering was taking me to places that I didn't want to be. I couldn't look at myself in the mirror without finding things I hated.

In all of the years I'd been married and raising children I'd always gotten compliments for looking younger, and still being beautiful. Though he hadn't even noticed, my husband was the reason for the light being removed from my life. I lived like clockwork everyday, in hopes of not having to deal with him for long periods of time.

After grabbing the toilet paper, I sat in my mini-van biting my nails and considering how I was letting myself fade away. Attached to the grocery store were a few shops, including a salon. I knew my funds were limited, but I hadn't gotten a hair cut in forever, and assumed that maybe a fresh trim would brighten my mood, even if it were temporary.

I walked inside and was greeted by a sweet girl who seated me next to this well-dressed woman. The first thing I noticed was her extra large designer bag that had a dog's head popping out of the top. She opened this bedazzled container and pulled out a treat that looked like a real piece of steak and fed it to the animal.

I looked away before we met eyes, and prayed that she wasn't judging me for looking like a dirt ball.

Thankfully, my name was called and I was seated at the sinks to have my hair washed. The beautician working on me greeted me. "My name is Stacia. Can you tell me what you'd like to do today?"

I closed my eyes and spoke while she started washing my hair. Admittedly, her touching me felt so nice. I knew she was just washing my hair, but it had been a long time since anyone had touched me at all. I wasn't turned on, but more appreciative that I didn't have leprosy or something that would prevent people from coming into contact with my skin.

"I think just a trim."

I knew my roots were showing gray, and that I really needed a good dye job, but I had to save money. "Are you sure? We're running a special this week on color."

I thought about it for only a second. My husband owed me, and I knew if I'd asked he would have paid for it. "You know what, how about we do a cut and color, maybe some high and low lights. We could do my brows too, if that's alright?"

The girl laughed. "Sure. Whatever you want."

Once I had my hair in a towel, she took us over to her station and started brushing my hair. I noticed the rich woman with the dog being seated across from us. She was angry about her beautician making her wait.

Stacia leaned in close to me. "That is Ms. Cybil. She's a regular."

Since we were in a lower class part of town it baffled me that she was in this salon, instead of a fancy one in the heart of the city. "Is she always like that?"

"Pretty much. She's been coming here for years."

While she was drying my hair, preparing to do the foil color, I watched Ms. Cybil getting her color applied. We'd caught eyes a few times and I felt embarrassed about it. Once my color was in, I was taken to the dryers for the color to process. They seated me next to Ms. Cybil and she didn't even acknowledge that I was there.

I closed my eyes and focused on the sound of the dryer hiding everything else going on in the salon. It was nice, having those few moments where it was just nothing but the loud sound of the machine.

Halfway through getting my hair done, I started to open up about my marriage, leaving out the details of still being in the relationship. I suppose I just needed to vent about it to anyone that would listen. As I spoke about my husband and the floozy neighbor, I noticed Ms. Cybil watching me, as if she were judging me for being cheated on.

Stacia talked about a friend of hers who had the same thing happen, and I felt an instant connection to her, as if talking to her had been the best conversation I'd had in a long time. When my hair was cut, and finally styled I liked what I saw in the mirror. If I'd had makeup on one wouldn't be able to tell that I'd cried for half of the day already.

I went to pay and noticed Cybil getting a manicure. After chewing on my nails, I knew they needed attention. "You know what, I think I want my nails done and painted. Can you add that to my total?" What was my husband going to do about it? It wasn't like he'd even notice anyway.

After they sat me next to Cybil, I was greeted by an older woman, probably in her fifties. She was having a conversation with Cybil, as if I wasn't sitting in front of her. When she got a phone call, she left me sitting there, feeling very out of place. I could sense her eyes on me and turned to validate my assumptions.

The woman, who looked to be in her fifties was steady staring at me. "Your hair looks much better. I'm glad to see you took care of that hot mess you came in here with."

I shrugged, not sure if it was a compliment or a cut down. "Thanks."

"I heard you talking to Stacia." She said nothing else. To be honest I was creeped out by her knowing my business, even if I'd falsified some of the details.

"Are you married, ma'am?"

The woman cackled. "Please, don't call me ma'am. My name is Cybil," she said in a very stern way.

"Well, are you married, Cybil?"

"Divorced, thank God. Marriage is a travesty that naive people make when they mistake lust for love."

She was to the point and completely ridiculous. For sure I'd been in love when I married my husband. "I'd like to think that some people are capable of love."

Cybil stood up and laughed. "It's just a word, my dear. It's a powerful word that only leads to despair." Figuring she'd been burned too, I kept my mouth shut. The last thing I wanted to do was piss her off. After grabbing her bag with her dog, and paying, she walked back over towards me. "No man is worth the pain you're putting yourself through. Don't wither away because of someone who is beneath you."

She was a feminist for sure, burned by someone who left her heartless. I pitied her, but admired her at the same time. "Thanks for the advice."

The woman winked and walked outside, without saying anything else.

While letting my nails dry I thought about her words. Maybe in some weird way she had a point. I was in control of my life, with or without money. The only problem was without it, I had nothing to go on.

After I knew my nails were dry, I pulled out the emergency credit card my husband had given me, and passed it across the counter. The woman passed it back. "Ms. Cybil paid for you. She left this, too."

It was a card with her name and a contact number. I found it odd that the woman who was so dry was leaving me a number to call her. "Wow. That was very generous of her."

"She's done it before. Sadly, the last two girls never came back in for their appointments. I guess she scared them away," Stacia explained.

"I'll be back, I promise. My hair looks great, and I feel better. Thank you so much."

I made my next appointment and walked outside feeling like a million bucks. As I pulled my keys out of my purse and hit the unlock button, a Jaguar pulled up next to me. The tinted window rolled down mechanically.

"Did you get my card?" Ms. Cybil wore leather gloves and held onto the steering wheel as she spoke.

"Yes. I need to repay you for my hair. You didn't have to do that."

"I won't take your money, even if you had it to give." She was so frank and it pissed me off.

"Look, I get that you're probably rich and money means nothing to you, but being a wife and mother is all I ever wanted to do."

She looked in her mirror as if my words meant nothing. "Is it?" Then she faced me again. "Is it really all you ever wanted to be? Given the chance, would you not have wanted at least a chance at something else?"

"Lady, I don't know you, obviously, and I sure as hell don't owe you anything, especially an explanation as to why my life was fine before, and it will be fine now."

"Your life is what you make it, darling. Trust me, I know."

I wanted to drive away from this woman and never see her face again. "Thank you again for treating me."

I started to put my vehicle in the drive position. "What if I can offer you a way out, per se, a way to make money of your own to help you through this tough time?"

"Are you looking for a maid?" Cleaning her toilets while she watched me wasn't my idea of a good career choice. "I'm not a charity case. I've got a nice big house and a beautiful family."

"I've been looking for someone for a different type of position for a while now."

"What do you mean different? Gardener?" She obviously could afford a maid and a gardener based on her clothing and accessories.

"I don't talk business in public, dear. My address is on the back of the card. Come by tonight at nine p.m. Don't be late. I take offense to tardiness."

She pulled away before I could decline. So I did the same, convinced I'd never see her again.

Around seven p.m., after I'd cleaned up dinner, and made sure the kids were done with their homework and chores, I got a phone call from my neighbor, Kate. Seeing her number on the caller I.D. made me cringe. Then worry rushed over me that something could have happened to my husband, and even though I hated him, I'd need to know.

"Hello?"

"Lily, it's me, Kate. Listen, I'm out of town this week and I thought I'd be home by now, but I'm going to need a few more days to get the job done." The whole time she spoke I saw her blowing my husband as if it was a full-time job. Then I imagined her laying on top of him, naked, while she spoke to me. Silent tears fell down my cheeks. "Anyway, could you go over and feed the cat for me? I left him an extra litter box and plenty of food, but I just want to be sure he's got enough for two more days."

"Sure," I whispered.

"Great. I need to run. See you in two days."

I tossed my phone on the bed and fell beside it. The nerve they both had calling me while they were together. I felt sick to my stomach every second of every day and now I was supposed to feed her f**king cat.

I looked over at Samson lying on the floor and wondered if I could feed the cat to him. Would he eat it without leaving a trace? "Ever tasted cooked cat, boy?"

He turned his head and then put it back down on the floor.

Instead of killing an innocent animal, I slipped on some shoes and took the spare key to open her back door. Upon entering I spotted the cat and the food bowls. In the past, he barely ate when she was out of town, or at a hotel f**king my husband for all I knew.

After putting another bowl down for food, I looked around the kitchen that I'd been in a million times. I heard the saying curiosity killed the cat. At this point I didn't give a shit about the cat's life. I needed to get answers. I was burning to know how involved they were. Was it lust, was it a real relationship? How long had they been lovers?

The questions were killing me inside.

So, I did what every woman in my situation would have done. I walked myself up the stairs to her bedroom and started going through her things. Located in her top dresser drawer, exactly where I'd kept mine were all kinds of sexy outfits. Some still had the tags on them. I held them up to my body and began to bawl. She'd bought these for him, for my husband. I shoved them back in the drawer and closed it up then turned to face the bed. Unlike our king size, she had a queen. It was made perfectly without a single crease. I leaned down and ran my hand across the white goose down comforter and wondered how many times they f**ked there. Did he prefer this blanket over ours? Did he ever consider having a queen size bed with me?

More tears came, and I didn't even care. How could he have been doing this to me; having a relationship with someone that I considered a friend? It takes two, but neither of them had stopped it. How could they do this and not worry about being caught, or what would happen if they were?

I glanced over at the bedside table and made my way toward it. I'd been to toy parties with Kate, and she'd been very obvious about the things she liked to do with her men. Kate was a freak, and I suppose that's what attracted my husband to her. When we'd have barbeques and drink wine, she'd go on and on about her experiences in the bedroom. Admittedly, I was just as interested to learn new things, as apparently my husband had been. I just wish he would have come to me to learn them.

Inside of the drawer were more toys than I could have fathomed. Beads, butt plugs, a miniature whip, and three different dildos. There was even one that plugged into the wall, which I could only imagine packed with a punch. I wanted to gag when I thought of her using the restraints to tie him up and sit on his face. She'd talked about it before, and my husband had asked me later on. Unfortunately, our daughter Opal was severely vomiting and the idea was forgotten about, so I thought.

Upon moving things around I'd turned on one of the devices. One by one I had to touch them to find out which it was. The idea of having something in my hand that had been inside of her vagina made me ill. Then I thought about Charlie and how many times he'd slept with me, and possibly her in the same day. Didn't it bother her that he came home to me every night? Did it even occur to her that we still slept together?

Finally finding the vibrating device, I clicked the off button and closed the drawer, unable to stand another minute of being in the house. By the time I'd made it back to mine I'd already made the decision to go see Cybil. I had to find a way to get away from my husband, before I really did cut off his balls while he slept, and force fed them to Kate next door, rare, like she prefers her burgers.

After telling my son a big lie about a friend in need of a ride, I climbed into my mini-van feeling like the girls would be taken care of long enough for me to run out for a bit. They were all old enough to stay home alone anyway, so knowing they were together put my mind at ease.

As soon as I made it off of my road I started to cry again. I was driving to a woman's home that I knew nothing about, except that she'd paid for me to have my hair and nails done. I owed her at least ten minutes to listen to whatever she had to say. Maybe she had a job that I'd be good at. I wouldn't know until I heard her out.

I pulled up in front of two large black metal gates, and was instantly buzzed through. After driving down a long path of willow trees, I was faced with a tremendous house. I pulled around the circular driveway and climbed out of my vehicle. By the time I'd made it to the door it was opening. A female wearing normal clothes greeted me. "Have a seat in the parlor. Ms. Cybil will be right in."

I looked down at the little sundress that I'd chosen to wear at the last minute, and wondered if she'd think it was lovely or hideous. Then, while still fidgeting, I glanced at the room. Cathedral ceilings framed in five layers of crown molding which was a beautiful display of how the rest of the house had been designed. Book shelves built into the whole far wall housed at least three hundred books in all sizes. Even the furniture, two chairs and a settee were decorated with the highest quality coordinating fabric.

The sound of someone clearly moaning caught my attention. I didn't know whether to stay quiet or get up and walk around to make sure whoever it was wasn't in any kind of trouble. My motherly instinct kicked in and I got up rushing around the corner in the house that I'd never been before.

Shock and embarrassment overwhelmed me when I trampled in front of two people clearly having sex on a large fur rug. The room was huge, with plush sofas and lavishing decor surrounding, but my eyes wouldn't leave the couple.

The blonde, Ms. Cybil, was on her knees and her elbows. Her naked body posed for the man behind her. She'd clearly had some work done to look as good as she did. His hands were on her tiny hips and each moan was coming from his thrusting deep inside of her. She looked back at him, never seeing me standing there. Her face disheveled, like they'd been going at it for a long time. "Harder," she ordered.

He smacked her on the ass so hard that even hearing it sounded painful.

I leaned against the wall, secretly spying on their hot encounter. I don't know what made me keep watching. Perhaps it was the fact that I was shocked that someone her age could be with someone so young and handsome, and keep up. Maybe it was the fact that it made my sex life seem so mundane. Before I'd been aware of his cheating, we'd had sex at least once a week. In my opinion it seemed healthy. Once in a while, when all three kids weren't home we'd take bubble baths, or I'd dress in something sexy.

Okay, that only happened once a year on our anniversary.

In my defense we just got used to being with each other. No matter what either of us tried it was always the same. I'd be on top, and then we'd flip. Once in a while he'd take me from behind. We'd had sex so many times with no foreplay. Hell, we'd had sex without ever kissing.

Who does that and feels satisfied afterwards?

Afterwards, he'd turn over and fall fast sleep, while the ache between my legs was so irritating that I'd have to bring myself to a climax to be able to relax.

I was pathetic.

Watching this older woman turn around and take it from the front, baring all of her assets to this younger man only reminded me of how miserable I'd been. Realizing that I was standing there spying on the couple, I ran back to the room and grabbed my purse. I wasn't some sick voyeur. This was obviously a bad idea and she'd for sure not expected me to show up, contrary to what the woman at the door had addressed.

I made it to my car before I saw her, walking out of the house with only a robe wrapped around her naked body. Her br**sts, a result of plastic surgery, were perky and supple. I'd kill for tits that looked like hers and she was much older than me. "Darling, wait!"

"It's fine. I didn't mean to impose. I should have called before I came." My heart was beating out of my chest, and secretly I'd gotten a bit hot watching the two of them having intercourse.

Maybe I was voyeur, in an inexperienced kind of way, obviously.

She never covered herself up as she got closer to me. With only a van door between us, she wet her lips before she spoke. "My massage ran over. I apologize."

I wanted to laugh, because that was much different from any massage I'd ever gotten. "It's fine. I need to get home to my kids."

"You mean the teenagers at nine-fourteen Magnolia Avenue?"

I hadn't given the woman any of my information; the fact that she knew who I was and where I lived rubbed me the wrong way. "How did you -."

"When I invite people to my home, I need to know everything about them, including the fact that they're still married to their cheating spouses."

That was a smack in the face. How embarrassing. "I don't understand. I gave you no information."

She laughed. "I had you followed, love. My business is very private. I needed information to hold over your head in case you think about discussing my personal matters with other people. All I needed was your tag number. The internet is an amazing place."

The internet, where p**n could be found as fast as a click. Where lives could be ruined from one social media page. Where I probably shouldn't have gone to look for presents to buy my husband, because he was such a douche.

I felt intimidated, angry, and a little afraid. Here was this woman, standing in front of me half-naked, telling me that she needed information to hold over my head. Why? Why would she need that?

I had nothing to show for, except my kids and the clothes on my back. My life was in shambles.

"Are you part of the mob? I want no part of that, even if it is to open doors and clean toilets."

She laughed again. "Darling, I didn't invite you hear to clean my toilets. I invited you to here to offer you a different type of position. You see, I have several companies, and within those companies are different jobs. There is one in particular that I feel someone like you could benefit from. You definitely have the body for it, that's for sure." Was she complimenting me for being thin and taking care of my body? This was getting even weirder. "I took one look at you and knew you'd be perfect. It's convincing you of it that's going to take time."

She seemed so certain that she knew me and it pissed me off. "You may know that I'm still married, where I live, and how old my kids are. Anyone can find that out on the internet like you said. That doesn't mean you know me. You know nothing about me."

"I know you're going through hell. Obviously you have no means of income, and risk losing it all because your husband, that you've probably devoted yourself to, is out f**king other women. You can stop me whenever I'm wrong about something." She took a second and smiled, looking me right in the eyes. I didn't know whether to pull off and possibly run over her foot, or hear her out. "I've been exactly where you are, Lily. I've felt that pain you're going through. I know what it's like to look at my children and feel like if I didn't stay I was failing them."

Another woman who understood. The instant connection was inevitable. I needed a friend. Naked or not, I wanted to hear that I wasn't alone. Now I'm being creepy.

My hands gripped my steering wheel and I let my head fall against it as she spoke. "It was many years ago, and I don't like to revisit that time in my life, but it's always there, reminding me how far I've come."

"Was your husband rich? Did you get this in the divorce?"

She motioned her hand in a wave, as if to say my assumption was wrong. "Hardly. We lived paycheck to paycheck. My two kids got what they needed, but it was never without struggle. I caught my husband with my sister, on Christmas Eve. They'd stayed up while I put the kids down and went to bed, after wrapping presents until I couldn't stay awake any longer. When I woke up to an empty bed I figured he'd just fallen asleep downstairs. Right in the middle of our living room floor, where our children could have walked down and seen, they were making love. I suspect it had been going on for probably years. The way they knew each other's bodies only came from plenty of experience together."

She got silent for a moment and I saw my first hint of remorse in her eyes. He's ripped her heart out, and that's why she'd become so brutally dry. "I can't even imagine catching my husband like that. May I ask what happened?"

She stepped away from the vehicle and closed her robe, finally. "Come inside. We'll talk."

Drawn to her story, so similar to mine, I climbed out of the van and followed her back inside of the house. At the time it didn't occur to me that she'd just been screwing some guy, and was still walking around with nothing but a thin robe. She led me into the home, walking past the room that I'd seen her in before. We ended up in a room that faced the pool. It was surrounded by glass windows, and large decorative trees were as high as the cathedral ceilings would allow them to grow. In a very large cushioned rattan chair was a pair of eyeglasses and a magazine. A glass of wine was on the table in front of it. She sat down next to them and motioned for me to sit across from her at another matching sofa. "As you can imagine, talking about that part of my life is difficult. I let myself become vulnerable, which is something I've never let myself do again. You need to understand that I didn't get this lifestyle without doing things I'm not proud of. I was desperate, and had no means at making a living for myself. Like you, I had children to think about, and the idea of losing my husband, my sister, and them too was horrifying."

I looked around the room and beyond, imagining how someone with nothing could live so lavishly now. "What, did you rob a bank?"

She laughed in a strange way. "Perhaps you'll think robbing a bank is better than what I've done."

Intrigued, I felt the need to know what could be worse. "I'm listening."

She crossed her legs, but left the robe open at the bottom. I knew if I looked close enough I'd be able to see her snatch. Even though I wasn't a lesbian, by any means, I found my eyes traveling over her exposed skin. Her voice caught my attention and I looked at her face, instead of wandering elsewhere.

"I slept with men for money, Lily."

I swallowed the lump in my throat and imagined this classy woman as a hooker. For the life of me I couldn't see her walking around a corner, leaning into car windows for a quick buck. "You were a hooker?"

"I prefer lady of the night or escort. Though it doesn't really matter."

I motioned around the room. "I hardly think you got all of this from selling your body."

She nodded. "I was desperate, willing to do things that no other woman would think of doing. I wasn't strong like you, so after only one night I confronted my sister. We had a heated argument, and I left the house and went to the only local tavern that was open. The owner of the company that my father worked for had been hitting on me since I was fifteen years old. He was there, having a few drinks all alone. Of course, seeing me in my condition, he invited me to join him. What started as flirtatious gestures turned into a night of heated passion. I never knew a man could do the things that he did to me." She smiled and ran her hands through her long hair. "When I woke the next morning there was five-hundred dollars sitting on the bedside table. I felt so humiliated that I rushed to his office the next morning and demanded an apology. After all those years knowing me, and having told him my heartbreaking secret, he'd treated me like a whore." She brushed her fingers lightly over her lips, as if she was recalling a tender moment. "Instead of apologizing he convinced me that I needed it, as much as he needed to see me again."

"So he became your first client?"

"Yes. Dominic Vartan was my first client. He's also my late second husband."

"Ah, so was he the only one? I'd hardly consider you a whore." It was one guy who she ended up marrying. It shouldn't even count.

"My husband committed suicide three years after we'd married. He was in big trouble with the IRS and felt that ending his life was his only way out. During the time of his loss and the government investigation, our money was seized. I was left with a hefty mortgage, and no means of income. Everything was gone in the blink of an eye."

"That's horrible."

"Yes, it really is," she agreed. "I wish I could tell you that everything was rainbows and sunshine, but it wasn't. I'd made friends, and was living a good life. Imagining giving it up wasn't an option. So I did the only thing I knew how."

"You started hooking?"

"Not exactly. Through my husband I'd met plenty of rich and powerful men. Most of them had come onto me at one time or another. Swaying them into bed was never hard. When they realized that they could pay for my disclosure they jumped on the opportunity. Soon I was working five nights a week, servicing the same men. Then they started telling their friends, and I had a decision to make. It wasn't always sex, you have to understand that. There were plenty of nights where they just wanted the company of a woman that wouldn't judge them. Most were married, and just not happy with what they had to go home to. Knowing that only proved my theory that men are incapable of being faithful. Given the opportunity, every human will stray. It only takes one perfect situation for it to happen, whether they regret it later or not."

"If you were doing it five nights a week, weren't you making enough to pay the bills?"

She laughed. "I made one-thousand dollars a night. Most weeks I had five grand cash. It was plenty."

I placed my hands on my knees and rubbed them up and down. There was a little part of me that felt completely uncomfortable, but also a side of me that wanted to hear the rest of her story. I thought about my children, probably already settling down for bed, thinking that their lives were so good. Unlike their friends, their parents were still married and seemingly happy. Little did they know that it was going to change. "I've never met a hooker before, or lady of the night, excuse me."

"I've never really considered myself a hooker; a high dollar call girl maybe, but never a hooker." She began to find humor in her own statement. "Lily, I did what I had to do. Failure was never a strong point for me."

"I don't understand. For all these years you've been selling your body for money? Aren't you tired of it?"

She sat back in the seat and crossed her arms. "I haven't had to do it in a very long time, not after I started hiring my own girls. I began making double and then triple. Soon I had over fifty girls working in several states. I even have a couple girls that live in other countries. I suppose you'd call me a madam, now, though I do lavish the benefits in all of my new male apprentices."

"That guy earlier? He works for you? You have men working for you?"

"Yes. Women need company as much as men. My male employees have been taught to satisfy a female's every desire. I know because I taught them myself. I also hand pick all of my employees. It helps weed out the bad apples. I know who needs to be successful. You have to understand that I offer them a good lifestyle. My employees have routine physicals. They're tested and taught to be safe. My clients also have to go through a full medical evaluation before they can be considered. I do background checks, and require legal counsel regarding the sanctity of my business. My clients are fully aware that if they betray our agreement they will also be ending their careers. I'm doing them a public service, and they appreciate it. Besides, there are no other places where one with no work experience can make so much money."

This woman was crazy. I couldn't believe I was sitting in front of a whore. Why had she invited me there to listen to her story? I'd work at two McDonalds before I'd belittle myself into a lifestyle like she led.

"I never thought I'd meet someone like you. Even though we clearly have different opinions on our futures, it was nice visiting with someone that's been through what I'm going through. You've given me hope, and I appreciate that. It's getting late and I better get going."

"Lily, I'm afraid you don't understand why I asked you here."

The room got quiet. It only took me a second to realize what was going on. This bitch was crazy. She was bat-shit f**king crazy if she thought I was going to want to sell my body for sex.

My eyes doubled in size. "Whoa. Wait a minute. Did you invite me here to offer me a job being a...a..." I couldn't even say it.

"Perhaps I was wrong to assume that you need help?"

"Not that kind of help. I'd never...I can't even imagine being with another man." I stood up and started to walk out of the room. "Look, I get why you did what you did. I'm not you, and I refused to let you threaten me into a situation that I don't want any part of. I'll figure things out on my own, and if you're worried about me telling anyone, don't. I wouldn't dare share something like that."

As I hurried toward the door I heard her saying one last thing to me. "You know where to find me when you change your mind."

Fat chance for that. I climbed in my van and drove as fast as I could home, shaking the whole way, and contemplating sending an anonymous message to the police about what was going on with that woman.

Then I remembered that she had my address. She knew about my family, and probably even more. I couldn't say anything in fear of retaliation. How could one fantastic hair cut get me in so much trouble? I know I'd promised that girl I'd go back there, but I was cancelling my next appointment as soon as the sun came up in the morning.

Chapter 4

That night I tossed and turned in bed, getting no real sleep at all. My mind was in so many different places. One minute I was thinking of all the vibrating devices in Kate's love drawer, and the next I was picturing Ms. Cybil bent over in all of her glory taking it from behind. At least it was better than thinking about my husband, and what he was doing with Kate. An ache in my heart reminded me of how pitiful my life was destined to be. I sat up in bed at about four a.m. and looked around the room. Aside from the dog snoring, it was quiet. The other side of my bed, where the love of my life rested his head at night, was cold. I didn't have to touch it to know it.

Fresh tears filled my eyes as I imagined it being empty forever. I wondered if I could do something to make him stop his illustrious affair. I thought about letting him know that I knew what had been going on. Maybe if I confronted him he'd feel so terrible that he'd push Kate away. Then again, she lived next door. Unless I wanted to uproot my family, or burn her house to the ground, there was no permanent solution. Besides all of that, I'd be constantly reminded of what he'd done behind my back. Realizing that trust is the key to a healthy marriage, I knew in my heart I'd never have that with him again.

Then my mind went back to Ms. Cybil. She'd created this life for herself, this world of lavish possessions and endless possibilities. Out of her own desperate situation she'd won the battle. Not only was she not homeless, but she was reigning in the money. She'd built an empire out of nothing but sex. As much as I wanted to hate the idea, I was utterly amazed by it.

Plus the woman was still being satisfied with men half her age. I was no saint so imagining that someone half my age would find me attractive was unbelievable. It was also very weird. I didn't think I'd ever be able to see someone the same age as one of my children. High five to her though.

My irrational thinking didn't end when I climbed out of bed that morning. Days passed and soon my husband came home from his fake business trip. He blamed the airport parking lot for destroying the paint job on his vehicle, but conveniently dismissed it when I offered to call them and raise hell.

His first night back he came on to me. It was after we'd eaten dinner, in which I'd made my famous chicken and dumplings.

Yes, we ate chicken a lot.

It was cheap.

Once the dishes were done, and the lights were turned out, I got comfortable on the couch and started reading a new book, about a famous wrestler falling in love with an average girl. If only life were so perfect that people met by chance and fell deeply in love like that. I wanted that kind of excitement, and I thought I'd had it before. Now I knew different.

Love bites, just like the Def Leppard song from the eighties said it did.

My husband cozied his way on the couch and flipped on a sports network before drawing his attention to me. First his hand was on my leg, running it up my shorts until he hit panties. I pulled away. "What are you doing?"

"I missed you. The kids are upstairs, Lil. Come on. They won't hear us."

I felt like slapping the shit out of him. Did he really just spend days f**king my neighbor only to come home and want to stick that dirty thing in me? I wondered how many times he'd done it before. I may as well have been f**king Kate myself.

Maybe if I went over there and came on to her I'd feel better about it all.

Yeah right.

"I'm not in the mood, Charlie."

"You're never in the mood anymore." He got up mumbling something under his breath.

I pulled a throw cover over my legs and watched him head upstairs. The nerve that he had thinking I would happily spread my legs as soon as he walked in the door. Perhaps if things were different I would have, but not anymore.

That night I waited for him to fall asleep before I made my way to bed. Going through the motions was difficult. When I looked at him I saw failure. My hate for him continued to grow as the affair became more apparent. Clearly he was juggling his sexual activities with Kate, while trying to be the family man when he was at home.

By the end of that next week I'd pushed away my thoughts about Ms. Cybil, and was focused on seeing what the lawyer had to say. I walked into his office feeling confident that I could pretend to live happy with my husband, until I figured out another way to be able to afford both the lawyer and a new place to call home, that would have enough room for all three of my children.

Mr. Polleras was sitting at his desk on the phone when I entered. Unlike the last time we'd met, he was dressed in a polo shirt and a pair of gray slacks. He spun his chair around to face me when he heard me come in, and held up his finger letting me know he'd be another second. I waited patiently, trying not to notice that he was staring at me.

When he finally hung up the phone he opened my folder and got right down to business. "Okay, how have things been going since the last time we spoke?"

I shrugged even though he wasn't looking at me anymore. "Same. He's still cheating."

"Have you thought about proceeding with papers? Separating?"

I shook my head. "I can't put my kids through that right now. I guess I'm here today to find out what it's going to cost me, first. I need to know how much money I'm going to need to save to be able to walk away with you paid and a place to call home for me and my children."

"Have you considered that you could take the house from him?"

"Yes, but he's having an affair with the next door neighbor, so unless you can come up with a way to make her disappear or move to another country, I can't go that route." I paused for a moment. "Mr. Polleras, I -."

"Eli. Just call me Eli." His smile was beautiful. It was as if it let off pheromones that caused instant happiness.

"Fine, Eli. I have to think about my children first. I've never been one to consider myself a charity case, so please just give me some numbers."

He stuck his pen behind his ear and leaned back in his chair. I was surprised when he folded his legs and leaned them on the desk. "The first thing you need to do to protect yourself in all of this is to get proof of his affair. While you're working things out you need to be covered in case he comes to you for a divorce first."

The thought had never dawned on me, and hearing him say that caused me to breakdown. I felt so awkward crying in front of this stranger, and as I tried to regain my composure, I heard his chair moving and him approaching me. He touched my arm and crouched down in front of me. I looked up and saw that he had a box of tissues. "I'm so sorry."

"It's nothing. It happens a lot. Don't even worry about it." He waited until I patted my eyes. "I know it's hard to talk about, but I'm giving it to you straight. If you're going to be my client then we need to be in the know. I'm not saying that this will ever come out in court. Most of the time the husbands will walk away before they let their dirty little secrets out of the bag."

I tried to smile, out of appreciation for this man giving me his free time. "I will find a way to repay you."

"Let's just talk about what needs to happen. I recommend letting my guys follow your husband and getting photographs, as well as audio to help us prove without a doubt that he is in fact having the affair. It's not that I don't believe you, but, need be, we will require undeniable proof. Once we have that, we'll have leverage."

I folded up the tissue and finally looked at him. He was so close to me, and his features really were magnificent. His dark eyes looked like he was wearing makeup, when I knew he wasn't. He hadn't shaved and his whiskers were dark with hints of gray throughout. When the room got quiet he stood up and kept talking to me. "For the most part, if you want to go about it how you say you do, we need to keep quiet. You can't tell your closest friends or even your family members about what's going on. Have you done that?"

I shook my head. "No. I don't want anyone to know. I can't hurt my kids."

"Good. Keep it that way. No matter how hard it is, Lily, it's important that you keep it under lock and key. Then of course, you'll need to find some source of income. I recommend getting a day job where you can work around anyone knowing and bank all of the money. I get that you're inexperienced, but there are jobs out there for anyone, if you look hard enough. Push comes to shove I could probably offer you something here to pay for my time."

"Like what?" My eyes lit up with excitement to be offered a job.

"Filing and organizing. I share this place with several other attorneys and we aren't that neat. Our front desk girls are good, but they don't have the time to do it. I can talk to the guys and see if something like that will work for you, then we can make up a schedule, if you're interested of course."

"You do realize that I'd have to work a month to pay for one hour of your time?" I wasn't an idiot. Attorneys were expensive.

He smiled. "I don't do this for the money, Mrs. Ross. I get that you're in a hard place. To be perfectly honest, I do well for myself. I'm to a point where my plate is full. Helping out a few clients won't hurt me. Besides, you're not the first woman to come in here with nothing to go on." I couldn't help but wonder if he ever slept with a client. Obviously women would have noticed how handsome he was. I was only natural to assume. "I get how hard it is. I see firsthand what women and even some men have to go through."

"I don't want a handout. I can work."

He put up his hand. "Before you get too excited keep in mind that working here will only pay for my services. You're still going to need to figure out a way to secure a place for you and your children to live." Way to be professional and make me feel like every other hard up wife that walked through the door.

He was right. Working for him only paid for me to have a lawyer. How in the hell was I going to be able to work off my attorney fees and have a job to save up for a place, without anyone finding out?

"I understand." I knew how hard this was all going to get, but I wasn't willing to live my life with a liar and cheater. I had to find a way to make all of this happen for me.

For the next forty minutes we discussed the process of divorce, and how legally everything worked. Eli convinced me that getting proof of the affair would only protect me in the long run. He told me that he'd talk to his associates and get back to me on when I could start helping him. In the meantime, I had other things to worry about, like finding a job.

For the next seven days I spent my time split between being a mother and wife, and desperately trying to find a means to an income. On the first day I visited the local outlets and put in an application at every single shop that allowed me to. The second and third day I went to the local doctors offices, and grocery stores, minus the one that I'd embarrassed myself in. By the fourth and fifth day I'd stopped at every little restaurant around in hopes of maybe being able to waitress. My last two days were hard. Since I'd heard nothing from any of the places, I went to the fast food establishments and filled out applications. Then I sat in my vehicle and cried, because I was in such a tough situation.

I was so sick of crying. It got me nowhere, and made my eyes puffy.

Charlie seemed to be even hornier than usual, or maybe I'd just never noticed it before. Aside from trying to get me into the sack, he also went out of his way to cater to the kids, buying them gifts for no reason, and over compensating for being the lying son of a bitch that he really was.

Ironically, after pretending that I was going through some kind of hormonal changes, I started to feel bad. I'd made an appointment to see my doctor when I got the call back from one of the places that I'd applied to. I was offered a position being a hostess at a local diner. The pay was seven dollars an hour. Reflecting on the fact that my husband made a healthy six digit salary, the idea of starting so low was not very appeasing, yet I had no other choice, or did I?

It had been quite some time since I'd thought about Ms. Cybil and the offer to make me a high-dollar whore. Of course, each time I imagined it, my stomach churned and I hated myself for considering. There was no way I'd ever be able to sleep with a stranger and live with my actions. It was wrong and I knew better.

Sure, there had always been a secretly kinky side to me, where I imagined doing dirty things and being great at it, but that's all it was.

My imagination.

So I took the job as hostess, working the morning and afternoon hours so that my family wouldn't know. I clipped double the amount of coupons and bought Visa gift cards at the store so that I could save the cash that I was stealing from the grocery funds. My husband didn't have a clue about either, and staying busy was helping me deal with the constant reminder of his indiscretions.

After almost two months passed, I'd saved over eight-hundred dollars and worked plenty of hours at the attorney's office. I no longer needed to schedule appointments with him since I saw him a few times a week. Eli was very kind. He'd order us food and we'd chat while we ate in his office. Doing so gave us time to get to know each other on a more personal level. In those two months we became fast friends, and it never hurt that he was so easy on the eyes.

Eli wasn't just my attorney. He had become my only friend during this time, the only one I could trust with my secret agenda to rid myself of Charles Ross, aka Mr. Shit Stains, the lying, cheating, piece of shit that he was.

Speaking of the ass**le, Eli's goons were able to get enough evidence on my husband and Kate to nail him to the floor. It was up to me when I let the cat out of the bag and left the bastard.

Things were good at first working at both places and still managing my home life. The doctor's office called and let me know that I had a yeast infection. It was gone after two days on antibiotics, but I milked it for the next two weeks. I knew in time he'd expect me to perform, and the idea of being with him made me cringe. One day while at the attorney's office, I told Eli about my predicament. After he laughed at me for a few minutes, he did something that caught me off guard.

He asked me to have dinner with him.

As flattered as I was, I knew that Eli was my only friend, who was also helping me with my impending divorce. I couldn't complicate things by leading him on, no matter how sexy he was. The last thing on my mind was starting up a new relationship, when I still wasn't free and clear from my current one. Okay, for the record it wasn't the last thing on my mind. Secretly I replayed him asking me out over and over again. It was definitely something that brought an immediate smile to my face.

After I turned Eli down I felt annoyed with myself. Here was this handsome man that obviously enjoyed my company. As much as I appreciated it, I wasn't willing to let myself go there with another man.

My kids kept me grounded, while driving me bat-shit crazy at the same time. I ran them everywhere they needed to be, and pretended to be happy-go-lucky whenever I was near them. My focus was always on what they needed, which was more than they were used to. I'd always put my husband's needs over everyone else's, and now things were different. I couldn't care less if he had clean matched up socks, and the last thing on my mind was finding alone time to cuddle up next to that ass**le. Every part of him made me sick.

I no longer looked into his eyes and saw myself. His dark thinned hair that never bothered me before made me laugh now every time I looked at it.

It wasn't until he got sick that things started to drastically worry me. He'd stayed home from work, which he'd never done before. In turn, I had to call out of my job so that he didn't find out. While he grabbed a hot shower, I called Eli and let him know that I may not be able to stop by for my normal hours in the afternoon. Then I put myself into the caring wife mode that I'd lived with for so many years. I got him something to eat and went to the pharmacy to get him medication to alleviate his symptoms. When I came home I found him crying.

Out of instinct I rushed to his side. "Charlie, what's wrong?"

He looked at me with sad eyes. "Do you still love me, Lil?"

"Of course," I replied, not really even thinking about it. In regards to my feelings, I hated him for so many reasons, but he would always be the father to my children, and for that reason I'd love him.

"I feel like we're falling apart. You haven't touched me in months."

I sat down on the bed next to him and looked down at my hands. Why did he want to be with me when he had Kate next door to fulfill his every desire? Obviously I wasn't enough for him. "I've been going through something. My doctor says that it's early signs of change of life." She'd really told me that my problems were derived from stress.

"I miss you, Lil. I miss making you smile, and the way you feel when I'm holding you."

Was he lying? I felt so conflicted.

"I'm sorry."

"Come here. It's just us. The kids won't be home for a few more hours." He shook his head and reached out his hand.

"What about your cold?"

"Nothing can keep me from wanting my wife."

Admittedly my heart skipped a beat hearing him say that to me. I'd felt so rejected and he was emotionally pleading with me to spend time with him. As much as he'd broken me, I needed to feel like I wasn't worthless. I wanted to feel what was once only mine.

My body fell against his chest as he wrapped his arms around me, kissing the top of my head. I looked up to find his eyes fixed on mine, his lips coming down to kiss me. Tears filled my eyes as my emotions ran wild.

I needed this.

I needed to feel like I was the only woman he was in love with, even if I knew it was only a temporary fixation.

Charlie removed my clothes with little effort, exposing my naked body before him. He nestled his mouth over one of my ni**les, sucking hard on it and then licking at the tip. I let my head fall back as my desire to be with him again began taking over the decision making. I reached down and tugged on his boxers, wanting so much for him to be inside of me. We wrestled around until I was lying on my back. Charlie pushed down his boxers and climbed on top of me. He entered me without a single kiss or affectionate embrace. I watched the veins in his forehead protrude as he pumped into me. He lurched his head forward, finally touching my lips for the first time. While his pace began, so did the rationalization of what was happening.

I'd denied myself pleasure for so long that I was enabling the man that had betrayed me to have his way. I pitied myself and immediately became an emotional wreck. Charlie never noticed my breakdown as he pounded inside of me. Nearly two minutes later, and I'm not even kidding about that, he collapsed and fell beside me on the bed. I rolled over and cried silently as he ran his fingers through my hair. "I needed that."

He needed to be inside of me, blowing his load after only two minutes, because apparently that was all I was good for. It was in that moment when I started to think about Ms. Cybil again. First I thought about watching her and that handsome man f**king in her living room. Then I imagined what it would be like to finally get away from my husband, and never look back.

I spent the next half-hour crying alone in the shower, while my husband slept in the next room. Once I calmed down, I dug through my purse, and with shaky hands I pulled out the business card and dialed her number.

"You've reached Cybil. Leave a detailed message after the tone and I will return your call as soon as possible."

I started to say something, but chickened out and hung up the phone. There was no way I was going to be able to sleep with a stranger, so wasting her time wasn't the answer.

Why was I even considering it?

It was a good thing that I didn't leave a message, because as the day passed I changed my mind a dozen times. I sat downstairs and made a chart of how long I'd have to work to be able to afford a place of my own. I'd need a place to call home, even if it had to be fixed up in time. I'd make my kids proud, even if I had to work multiple jobs to do it.

That next morning Charlie called out of work again. He was intent on doing work from home, while in bed. I was keeping myself busy downstairs, after texting Eli and letting him know that I wouldn't be in the office again. He messaged me right away letting me know it was fine, but he also told me to be careful and make smart choices. I found it odd that he cared what I was doing with my husband, but shook it off knowing nothing would ever come out of our friendship than what we already had. I had to think of my kids first, and taking on a boyfriend wasn't in my cards.

Around lunchtime Charlie came downstairs and found me in the kitchen. He wrapped his arms around me and kissed me on my neck. Then he turned me to face him, and I did my best to put on a smile for appearance sakes. "This is kind of nice, being home alone with you every day. I've thought about talking to Ed about working from home a couple days a week. How would you feel about that?"

I wanted to tell him that it was a terrible idea. I had money to save, and I couldn't be calling out of work, because he couldn't know I even had a job. "It would be different. I wouldn't get anything done, and neither would you."

He ran his hand through my hair and kissed my forehead. "You're probably right. Though, it would give me a reason to get you naked."

I tried to change the subject. "Charlie, you know you need to rest. You'll never get better if you overexert yourself."

He lifted me up and sat me on the kitchen countertop then wedged his way between my legs. "There's only one kind of medicine that I need, Lil."

He grabbed my shirt and lifted it over my head, while pressing his erection against my sex. My bra was removed next, and then I felt my shorts being tugged off of my legs. "We can't do it in the kitchen. What if someone walks in?"

"Who is going to come here in the middle of the day and walk in? Stop complaining."

I got ready to find another reason when I saw Kate's car pulling in her driveway. Suddenly I was overwhelmed with a need to get revenge, for whatever it was worth. I didn't know what they meant to each other, but I was a woman, and I knew I hated to even consider that I was sharing my man with someone else. The window from the kitchen looked out into her driveway, and I knew Kate enough to know she'd be curious. I pulled Charlie's shirt over his head and shoved my lips against his, keeping my eyes peeled for hers the whole time. I wrapped my legs around my husband's ass and felt him entering me. Charlie pushed me back until my head hit the upper cabinets. He ran his hands over my br**sts and pinched at my ni**les, leaning in and sucking one of them into his mouth. It felt good to be touched, but even better when I caught her getting a glimpse of him f**king me, just knowing that she'd seen us made me react. I started getting loud, crying out his name, and attempting to get off quickly. The more I got into the role, the hotter I was making myself. I wanted this, not just to pay her back, but for some sick desire that I was having.

Charlie came fast, thrusting one last time inside of me before he froze in place. I accepted his sloppy kisses and how his limp body lingered over mine. Once he was finished, I headed upstairs for a shower.

The smile on my face was that of accomplishment. Take that you slut!

Two things happened after I locked the door and turned on the water. The voices out the window let me know she'd confronted him. I didn't know how she'd gotten his attention, and I didn't even care. Without her noticing, I peered out the window watching them argue with a fence between them. I laughed to myself, knowing I'd caused them turmoil.

Then something happened to me.

My body felt so hot all of a sudden. Beads of sweat formed on the skin between my br**sts and my pu**y tingled, craving more attention than it had gotten just moments before. I looked in the mirror and stared at my naked body. I'd lost some weight, and my normal thin figure was even more pronounced. I'd been blessed with nice sized br**sts, and an ass that always received compliments. My hand ran over one of my ni**les as I felt the silkiness of my own skin.

After stepping in the shower hoping to cool myself down, I ran the soap over my pu**y and about screamed. I was soaked with my own desire, hot for attention, and since there wasn't anyone else to do it I dropped that bar and began massaging it myself. My back hit the shower wall as I looked down and watched the way my two fingers coursed over my clit. It was so swollen that the more I touched it, the more it pulsated. I wanted to make myself cum, and I was determined to watch myself doing it.

My leg lifted up resting on the small bench seat, spreading me open. With my free hand I separated my folds and shoved three fingers deep inside of my pu**y. I dropped to the shower floor, unable to hold myself up. The harder I f**ked myself with those fingers the more turned on I got watching my clit being massaged. Just as the urge to cum occurred, I stopped rubbing it and stood to move the shower stream away. My ass fell down on the bench and I lifted my leg to prop up and spread out on two opposite walls. From there I could watch my now three fingers penetrating my throbbing sex. Once again I brought myself to the brink and slowed my pace.

When I removed my fingers out of my pu**y they glistened with my own wetness. I rubbed it all over the outside lips and watched it shine against the lights. My clit was so sensitive and I couldn't refrain from touching it. I pinched it between two fingers and tugged, causing my whole body to shudder. I slapped it and then shoved my fingers deep inside again, this time so hard that I cried out and lost all control.

When I finally realized what I'd done, I started to laugh. I didn't need a man to satisfy me, not when I could do a fantastic job all by myself.

Charlie was still outside arguing with Kate when I dressed and made my way down stairs. They could see me through the window and walked away from each other almost immediately. Even them being together couldn't kill my mood of feeling satisfied. My pu**y was still pulsating reminding me of how good it felt to touch myself. It was a shame that Charlie couldn't pleasure me that way. In the big picture of things I wondered if any man could give me that kind of fulfillment. It was a question that I wasn't sure I'd ever find out, not with the way my life was going.

Charlie came inside and sat quietly across the kitchen counter from me. I was cutting up some vegetables for dinner and kept my focus on the knife. It wasn't until I heard his sniffles that it dawned on me that he was upset. It was weird to see him like that again, considering in our years of marriage he'd only cried when the kids were born. "You alright over there?"

"I need to tell you something. It's eating me up inside and I can't live with it anymore."

Holy shit! He's going to come clean.

I cocked my eyebrow and stared into his sad eyes. "What's wrong?" I played it off like I didn't have a clue. If this bastard was confessing I wanted him to feel like the scum of the earth. He'd ripped out my heart, and there was nothing left to hold on to.

"I did something, but it won't happen again."

"Charlie, what are you talking about?" I needed to apply to be an actor.

He reached across the counter and grabbed my hands. The knife dropped and I considered picking it up and stabbing him in the back of the hand. "Lil, I had an affair with someone when I was away on business a long time ago. It happened one time and I regretted it ever since. Baby, I swear it had nothing to do with you. I was just lonely and after a couple drinks it happened."

I clenched my jaw and considered my options. Clearly he was lying through his teeth. The affair was still going on, and it wasn't with a co-worker. He was f**king Kate, and I had proof that it happened a lot more than one time. If this was how he thought he could clear his conscience he had another thing coming. "So, how long ago did this happen?" I looked away, trying to conjure up tears that just wouldn't come. "How could you do this to me?"

"It was last year. I've been living with this for a long time. I just can't take it anymore. I can't look at you and know what I've done." He started crying harder, and I couldn't believe that he was making up this story, instead of telling me the damn truth. "I love you so much, Lil. I never stopped."

I could have picked up the knife and chucked it at his head, but it wouldn't have gotten me anywhere. He was lying to me again, and I had a choice to stand there and take it, or walk away to figure out what I wanted to do. "I need to leave."

"Please, just tell me that we can work this out. I'll go to counseling. I'll do anything. Just don't tell the kids. They'll never forgive me. I couldn't live with that guilt, Lil. I feel so bad. I'm sorry."

His mumbo jumbo was beginning to piss me off. Of course he didn't want the kids to know that he was a lying, cheating son of a bitch.

I wiped off my hands and tossed the rag on the counter. "Make sure you get the kids off the bus. I'm going out to think. Don't try to call me, Charlie. Just leave me alone."

He followed me to the door and put his hand on my arm. I yanked it away. "Don't you touch me. I can't look at you right now."

And the Emmy goes to...

He held up both hands. "Okay. I'll give you time," he cried. "Just don't tell me it's over."

Of course it's over, you stupid f**ker. "I'm not saying anything right now. Just don't forget the kids, you know, the ones we made out of love?" I slammed the door behind me and never looked back as I walked to my van.

As pissed as I was, I knew that Charlie wasn't a man of his word. Sure enough, after pulling onto the next road and parking, I watched my very sad, pathetic husband walk over to Kate's house and go right in without even knocking.

He wasn't sorry for his actions.

It was then that I knew I had to find a way out of my marriage quickly, and I wasn't going until I knew the kids were going to be with me.

I suppose I could have been a real bitch and told them the truth about their good ole dad. Surely showing them a few of the pictures of him and Kate in bed would suffice, but I wasn't that kind of mother. My job was to protect them, and I was determined to do so, no matter how much it hurt me to do.

I pulled up at my attorney's office and shut off my vehicle. As depressed as I was, I knew I needed to keep busy. Since I'd already called out of my waitressing job Eli's office was the only other place I could go.

I walked past the two front desk clerks after saying hello, and entered into the filing room. Once the door was shut I buried my face into my hands and began to sob. My life was in ruins and the culprit of it all didn't even have the balls to tell me the truth.

I don't know how long I was in there, but the door creaked open slowly and I saw Eli standing there. "I thought you weren't coming in."

I wiped my tears as I spoke. "Yeah, I needed to get out of that house."

"That bad?" He put his strong arms at the top of the doorframe and leaned in. "You want to talk about it?"

"Not really." I tried to smile, thankful that I had a friend like Eli in my life to talk to. Sure, he'd asked me out a couple of times, and been very open about his interest in me, but never tried to push it. "I suppose I'm a glutton for punishment. Who else in their right mind would still be living with him?"

Eli approached me and pulled me into his arms. It was the first time we'd touched on a personal level. I should have pulled away, but having him comfort me felt so good after feeling alone. "You're a strong woman, but I'd never tell you that you deserve to be treated that way, Lily. No person deserves that."

I looked up at Eli and for a moment all I could see was his handsome face, and those dark eyes looking back at me. I pulled out of his hold and looked away, unable to accept that the feeling of interest was mutual. He could never know that if things were different I'd love to go out with him on a date and see where things took us. I would never be able to tell him that when I was alone at night I pictured what it would be like to make love to him. He was so successful, and I wanted to know more about him. I just wasn't in the right place to do it.

"If you change your mind, about talking, I'm just down the hall. My last two appointments rescheduled. I'll be doing paperwork for a couple court cases."

"Thanks, Eli. I'm just going to work for a bit and probably go home. It's not like I have many other options these days."

He tapped on the door and then smiled. "You do have other options you're just not ready to take them yet."

If I asked him to come in and close the door, would he have done it?

I needed to calm down.

After filing for a while, and feeling sorry for myself, I grabbed my purse and decided that I had to face the music. Charlie was there waiting for me, and I had to at least pretend to make an effort. My mind was made up though. I was leaving him, sooner than later.

I'd just grabbed my purse when the strap snapped and everything in it went falling to the floor. While on my knees, shoving everything back inside, I picked up Ms. Cybil's business card. With no regard for what I was actually doing, I dialed her number right then and there.

"Lily, my dear, are you going to hang up this time, or actually speak?"

I rolled my eyes realizing she knew I'd called before and chickened out. She knew my cell number, and I hadn't given it to her. "I want to meet. Are you free now?"

"May I ask why you're so eager to meet?"

Already I was regretting the phone call, knowing she was going to give me that 'told you so' look. I knew my decisions weren't what others would do, but they worked for me, at least until I could figure something else out. "I'd rather not discuss it."

"I'll be home in a half hour. Meet me there."

She hung up the phone before I could reply. Though I found it rude, a dismissal wasn't necessary. I was either going to show up or not.

Eli caught me on my way out. He grabbed at my arm the way that Charlie had, except I didn't jerk away from him. "You weren't going to say goodbye?"

"I have an appointment I forgot about."

"Am I overstepping the friend boundaries if I ask where?"

"Probably." Maybe I should have felt like he was prying, but Eli wasn't that type of person. He'd genuinely helped me out without anything in return. His asking me out had never made me feel awkward. We got along great, so it was only natural for him to be curious. "If I tell you that I'm okay will you feel better?"

"Is it the truth?"

I sighed and then put on my very best smile. "Yes. I am going to be fine."

Eli lifted his hand as if he were going to touch my face. Instinctively I closed my eyes, and waited to feel his kind gesture, but it never happened.

I opened my eyes to see him looking down. "Lily, I've got to be honest with you. I can't watch you suffer like this. You're miserable and your kids wouldn't want that, no matter what you think. I'm not saying this because I want to date you. I mean, yes, I would like to take you out, but this has nothing to do with that. In the couple months that we've known each other I've listened to how miserable you are. I know you're hurt and you're scared. There is no good solution to all of this. The shit has to get worse before it can get better. Trust me, I know."

"You're a good man and a great friend. Thank you." I reached on my tippy toes and kissed Eli on his cheek. "I appreciate your honesty."

As I pulled away our eyes locked, and I should have seen the intent in his eyes before he could react. Eli grabbed me by the arm and pulled me back into the filing room. I knew what was coming, and I couldn't resist. Not this time. His lips were on mine as I was being pressed against the door. I didn't fight his tongue when it entered my mouth, nor did I remove his hands that were gliding up underneath of my shirt. This wasn't my husband that I'd promised to be faithful to forever, and yet I liked it. I craved it. I wanted to have his hands on every inch of my body.

After intensely kissing for a good few minutes, he pulled away and rested his lips gently over mine. "Sorry. I couldn't help myself." His hands lingered over my ribs, almost to where my bra line sat. "You're so beautiful. I've wanted to do that for a long time."

I had a choice to pull away, or to kiss him again. The angel and the demon were sitting on both of my shoulders as I weighed my options. In the scheme of things I think I wanted both revenge and satisfaction. I needed to feel the attention of someone that wanted me, who hadn't been f**king my friend for months behind my back.

My lips brushed over his so closely that I could feel his whiskers above. Fingertips reached the underwire to my bra and went underneath of it. He cupped both of my br**sts in the palms of his hands, and I felt his thumbs sweeping over my ni**les. A soft moan escaped me. With no regard for where we were I unfastened the button to his trousers and let my hand explore. Over his boxers I could feel his stiff erection. It made me hot between the legs, and I couldn't remember feeling so excited to make out with a man. Our tongues mingled more as we mastered a technique. I loved how he moved his, both gentle and paced.

Eli pulled away and removed his hands. He looked right at me when he lifted my hand out of his pants. "You don't want this, Lily. You're not ready."

"I didn't stop you."

"Yeah, that's the problem. You don't regret it now, but you will, and I don't want that. You just got done telling me that you valued our friendship and I take you into the filing room. I'm sorry I don't know where my manners are lately. You make me crazy, Lily. It doesn't matter if you come in here wearing sweat pants with your hair up. All I see is beauty. I've had my fair share of fast women, but you're not like them. You're a real lady and I admire that about you. What's happening in your life shouldn't change you."

"It won't." I wanted to continue kissing Eli, but he was certainly right. I needed time and I didn't want to regret whatever was happening between us. "I agree with you on not taking this any further. I'm not going to lie and tell you that I don't like you. I obviously do. It's just...I'm still married to Charlie, and even though I know the relationship is over, we're still together. I'm ashamed over it, but it's my reality right now. In order to rectify the situation I'm going to do whatever it takes. You can worry about me if you choose. I can assure you that I won't change. I won't let this change me."

Eli kissed me on the forehead and let his lips linger there. "Promise me that when this is all over with we'll have that date."

I looked up into his dark eyes. "Don't forget I have three teenagers at home. You dating me means that you'd have to be able to deal with them too."

He smiled and caressed my cheeks with his thumbs. "I like kids."

It gave me butterflies to hear him say that. Eli was too good to be true, and I was going to have to distance myself from him if I wanted to be able to make it out of this situation in one piece. "I have to get going."

I stole one more kiss from his sweet lips before pulling away and turning to leave. He grabbed my hand forcing me to stop. "Lily, if you're in trouble let me help you."

"I can't be in your debt, Eli. I'm not in trouble. I'm just weighing my options, that's all."

He watched me leave, which made me more uncomfortable. I wanted to walk out of there with my head held high, determined to do whatever it took to get out of my situation. Instead I had doubt that I'd ever be able to do what needed to be done.

Chapter 5

The drive to Ms. Cybil's house was even worse for my conscience. I wanted to be able to say that I could handle anything; that I could do what needed to be done for the sake of my future, but now I wasn't too sure. I'd been with three people my whole life, and two of them were in school, so it wasn't like I learned much of anything on the subject. My husband had been the only man I'd been with for over seventeen years. Imagining sleeping with a stranger and not knowing things was even worse.

Before I could turn around and forget I ever made the phone call, the gates were opening, welcoming me on the estate. I pulled up in the lavish driveway and parked my minivan behind a Porsche. When I clicked on the lock button on the vehicle I laughed out loud, imagining someone wanting anything from my mom-mobile, when something extravagant sat right next to it.

Yeah, definitely pathetic.

Ms. Cybil met me at the door and grabbed my hand. "I wasn't sure you'd show up."

"Me either."

We kept walking back to a part of the home I'd never been in. "Dear, all of my employees are afraid at first. It makes you human. What you need to understand is that it is in the human nature to explore our sexuality. I'm not saying that this lifestyle is for everyone, but most will admit that they come to enjoy it."

I was thinking to myself that she must be crazy. There was no way I was going to enjoy some stranger, with a hairy back, trying to touch and kiss all over me. If some old man thought he could stick his semi erect penis inside of my vagina he had another thing coming. "Can we sit? I feel nauseous."

She led me to an office and pulled out a chair for me. "Lily, no one forced you to come here."

I got right to the point. "The men...are they all old and disgusting?"

She laughed. "On occasion they are, but for the most part they are well-known men that take great care of themselves."

I covered my face with my hands. "I don't know whether I can do this." Imagining it in my head was becoming more difficult.

When I closed my eyes I saw whips and chains, giant anal beads, and floggers that the big hairy men want to whip me with.

She sat across from me and crossed her legs in her chair. "I think you need to know what my girls do, before you start to clam up and I'll need to call the paramedics."

Her joke didn't make me smile.

"Lily, how much money do you want to make, let's say in one week? How much do you make now?"

"After working at the diner, and then working off my attorney fees, I bring home about one-hundred and fifty a week, including tips."

She started laughing. "What would you say if I told you that in two hours you'd make a thousand dollars cash?"

All I could see were dollar signs. I wouldn't have to sneak around every day and make up excuses for being exhausted. "Two hours?"

I'd have twenty-two more hours to be a mom.

She nodded. "I have several mothers that have only one client. They work a couple hours a week, meet at the same place, and walk away with all of the money they need."

"So I wouldn't have to sleep with a ton of random people? I could just have one client?"

"If that's all you wanted. Of course, if you needed more money there are always new clients, or one-time travelers that require company."

In a matter of minutes I'd turned around and changed my mind again. "A thousand dollars?" Yes, I needed her to say it again.

She laughed, as if my comment was funny. "Yes. I charge fifteen hundred for the first two hours and a thousand per hour after that. If they want an over-night, the fee is five-grand. In your situation I realize that over-nights will be difficult."

"Do I get to pick my client? I'm sorry I'm not trying to be annoying. It's just that I need to be able to know I can go through with it."

"Before I let you work for me you'll have to go through two training sessions."

"Training?" I giggled. "Seriously?" Was she going to teach me how to suck a dick or squirt? I didn't understand at all.

"Yes, seriously. My girls need to know what they're doing. They need to know how to control their emotions and do their job."

My hands felt sweaty and I rubbed them over my pants. "What is the training?"

"It involves two specific sexual encounters. Penetration is not required, so don't go worrying about the amount of partners you'll be with. I need to make sure you can handle being with a stranger, and letting yourself open up to suggestion."

I still felt like she was insane. There was no way I could be like that with someone I didn't know.

"Lily, I can promise you that if you decide that you can't go through with it there will be no hard feelings. You can walk away and go right back to the diner making one-hundred and fifty dollars a week."

She'd said that on purpose to reiterate that I didn't have shit.

It was a loaded statement. She was reminding me how shitty my life was, and that if I did this, and went through with it, I'd be able to provide for my children. "The clients. Are they clean?"

"Yes." She leaned forward placing her hands against the desk as she reached down and pulled out a piece of paper. "This is a physical form. I require both my clients and my employees to have all of their blood-work run monthly. I have an associate that will meet you and draw your blood at your convenience. Some like to do it when they pick up their paychecks."

"Paychecks? What does the paystub say?" I was freaking out. Did it say 'sex for hire', or 'Cybil's Whore Service', maybe 'Granddaddy's Slut Factory'?

"I told you before that I've purchased real estate as well as started legit businesses. Your paystub will be from one of those. I own three laundry mats, two massage parlors, and two salons. I also own a hotel located downtown, where most of our business takes place. Surely we can pick one of those to keep you safe."

"And you've never been caught?"

She was like Wonder Woman, without the costume and lasso.

"Let's just say that half of the police department, as well as some federal officials have me on their speed dial. I even have two officers that work for me part-time for extra cash during the holidays. Dear, we all have bills. There were prostitutes in the bible. This isn't anything new. People like to look down on what I do, but I'm looking back at them wealthier than they'll ever be. At the end of the day this is your choice. I don't usually invite girls to my home like I did you. There is no need for me to recruit, not when most come willing."

I sat quietly for a moment and thought about everything she'd said. While considering any other options I could take I heard something mechanical running. A few seconds passed and I heard the sound again.

"That's one of my children. We have dinner once a week. They usually pull in the garage, and unfortunately this office is next to it."

I stood up, not wanting to keep her from her kids. "I'll just be going then."

She stood with me. "Lily, don't worry yourself too much over this. If you don't want to do it no one will ever bother you. It's your decision."

I looked her right in the eyes and thought about all of the things she had. I didn't want to be rich, but I certainly wanted to be able to provide for my kids. If I could have only one client for a couple hours out of the week it would bring in a grand. I could do a lot with four thousand bucks a month and I'd also be able to be there for every soccer game, wrestling match, or whatever my kids needed. No matter how hard it was going to be at first, I was going to try it. Just like Cybil said, it was only sex. "I'll do it. When can we get started with the blood tests and physical?"

"You can get the physical done with your regular doctor." She walked over to a cabinet and pulled out some more paperwork. "Give this to them and have them fax the results to the number on the back."

I looked down at the paperwork and noticed it was a life-insurance company. "Life insurance?" Seriously, she was Wonder Woman.

"I offer my girls life-insurance as well as health. It also covers the constant blood tests."

"You've thought of everything."

"I've been doing this for a long time. Schedule your appointment and when I get the results I'll call you about the two sessions."

"Can we do them soon?"

She laughed. "I know you're wanting out of your situation. As soon as I hear from the doctors I will contact you. Doing two sessions in one day may be difficult for you, especially if you have complications in the first."

As afraid as I was, I knew if I stayed determined then I wouldn't change my mind. "Okay. I'll call the doctor as soon as I leave here."

She reached for my hand and held it as she spoke. "I look forward to hearing from you, dear."

I'm not going to lie and say that I didn't cry on the way home. It was devastating to me to know that my life had come to this. After so many years of being faithful and honest to my husband, he'd destroyed me. I had to go through with this because I had to be able to provide for my kids. Sure, Charlie would be required to pay child support, but I wanted to do it on my own, without his handouts. Hopefully he and Kate would both lose their jobs and become bums on the street, panhandling for their next meals and a bottle of cheap rum. Imagining that made me smile.

On the way home I also thought about Eli, and how kissing him made me feel things that I hadn't felt in a long time. I could only imagine what sleeping with him would be like. Then I thought about dating him. The idea of secretly being a whore made me cringe again. He'd never want to be with a woman like that.

As much as I wanted to know more about Eli I had to put my kids first. Dating was not something I was going to be able to do for a very long time.

When I got home Charlie was pulling up outside with the car full of our children. I greeted the kids, but never made eye contact with their father. He could sit around and mope until the cows came home. That f**k earlier was the last he was ever going to get.

We made it until after dinner before I looked at him, and even later in the evening before I could say anything. Thankfully he waited until the kids were asleep to address our situation. I'd just gotten out of the shower, where I thought about touching myself and then about Eli, and walked into the bedroom to dress.

I could feel his cheating eyes watching me as I pulled on a pair of underwear and nightgown. "Are you going to say anything?"

I climbed into the bed next to him. "I have nothing to say to you."

"Lil, I know I hurt you, but -."

"But what? I need time Charlie. I can't just forgive you and move on like it never happened."

"It was a long time ago."

I faced him. "Really, because it feels like it was today. Seriously, unless you want to sleep on the damn couch I suggest you shut the hell up and leave me alone."

I rolled over and covered myself up.

"Where did you go today?"

"I drove my van to a parking lot and cried all day. Are you happy now?" I wanted to smile in an evil way, knowing that it wasn't where I'd gone. Telling him that I secretly made out with my divorce lawyer wasn't really how I wanted to answer either.

"I'm so sorry I hurt you, Lil."

"Goodnight, Charlie."

Chapter 6

That next morning Charlie went back to the office. He tried to kiss me goodbye, but I rolled over to avoid it. He knew I was hurt and pissed, regardless of what truth I knew.

As soon as he and the kids were gone I'd called my doctor's office. Since I agreed to see the nurse practitioner they squeezed me in the same day. Two hours later I left the office and headed right to the diner. Before walking inside I got a text message from Eli. I knew it was him because I'd put his name as Eliza, in case the kids or my husband saw it. I knew I was getting as bad as Charlie, but he'd done the damage to our marriage, not me.

I just want to know if you're okay. - E

I wrote back. I told you I was fine. - L

If you need to talk I'm here. - E

I know where to find you. - L

It was weird how after so many years I'd only ever thought about Charlie, but now Eli held my thoughts in the man department. It was so new and exciting, and scary at the same time. I felt myself getting flush when I thought about our kissing, and groping. I wondered if he'd think my tits were too small, or that the freckles on my back weren't appealing. It was silly, but true.

My day at the diner dragged, and Eli had court all week, so working at the office was just as boring. By the time I got home I went straight to lie down. In fact, for the next three days I had the same routine. I was too depressed and emotionally exhausted to deal with Charlie, so playing the sick card to the kids solved it temporarily.

Ms. Cybil called me after the third day, and I wasn't sure if I was happy or frightened about it.

"Lily, how are you doing?"

Miserable.

Alone.

Suicidal.

"I've been better."

"I got your results this morning. Are you still interested in the position?"

At least he hadn't given me herpes.

I looked around the living room, at the couch, the rugs, the mantel, and all of the pictures of my family; my children, and knew what I had to do. "Yes. I'm interested."

"Can you be here tomorrow morning around ten for your first training session?"

"Are you going to re-teach me how to have sex?" I had to ask.

"No dear. I'm going to teach you how to let go of your fears and enjoy your job."

"I doubt it, but I'll be there with shiny bells on. I need the money desperately, and I'll do my best at whatever it is I need to do."

"See you then." She hung up without saying anything else. I didn't know if she was busy, or didn't like my sarcasm. Since I needed this to pan out, I had to be more careful about what I chose to say to the woman.

That next morning I thought I was seriously going to be sick. Why I'd considered that sleeping with a stranger for money was a good solution boggled me.

I thought about so much that my head was pounding. After downing three pain killers, I got myself ready for the biggest mistake of my life.

It was for my kids.

I had to do it.

I had to get away from my husband.

It was just my body. He wouldn't have my soul.

Hookers were in the bible.

It didn't help when I messaged Eli and let him know that I may not be in the office. He replied back immediately.

Are you okay? - E

Yes. Have an appointment. - L

Are you sick? - E

He cared too much, only reminding me that I'd never have someone like him to hold me at night, especially not since I was about to become a whore.

Nothing like that. I will message you later. Thanks, friend. - L

Friend was the worst word in the dictionary.

He didn't reply, and I felt sad about it. I needed to stop, because thinking about him only made my life harder.

I pushed myself to pull up at those gates, and second guessed my decision even more as I walked inside of the front door.

The only thing that kept me motivated was the idea of providing for my kids. I'd do anything for them, and nothing was going to stop me, not even my conscience.

Session #1

"Close your eyes, Lily." I did as I was told, allowing Ms. Cybil to put the blindfold over my eyes. I could feel my legs shaking under the long robe as my view was being disturbed by the thin silk fabric of the mask. Then the robe, that was given to me after she had me strip nude, was removed.

One at a time she grabbed my hands and put them behind my back, wrapping them in a scarf.

It was bad enough that she'd made me strip in front of her, also part of the session. Apparently I'd have to be comfortable being naked in front of my client.

Duh!

How I thought that any of this was going to be doable was beyond me. It was clearly the worst decision I'd made to date. "I'm afraid," I admitted out loud. Sure, I'd gone along with this because it was for the kids. The idea of being naked around a strange man was preventing me from being able to remain calm.

What was I doing?

How could I let a stranger touch me?

What if I ran out of the house naked and drove home?

This was the worst decision of my life, aside from trusting Mr. Shit Stains.

She stood over me, coaxing the fear away, by assuring me that if I just let go I'd be able to experience something new and exciting. I had to take it for what it was.

Just sex.

After Ms. Cybil had spoke to me a few more moments I'd been able to agree to opening up and allow the session to give me the opportunity to try a few things without crossing any boundaries. She needed to know if I was going to be able to let myself become the woman she expected. I still wasn't sure, but had agreed to one hour.

I just had to get through two sessions. Just two. The problem was that I had no details on either of them.

My first training session was under the watch of Ms. Cybil. I knew she'd be judging me, so I made sure I shaved all of the hair off of my body, and wore the sweetest smelling lotions. I didn't have the energy to hear that I wasn't good enough. After what I was going through I needed to hear something positive.

I knew it was just the two of us, and after all of the questions she'd answered I should have felt more comfortable. She'd assured me that this was for my own experience. I had to trust that she knew what she was doing, after having given so many other women and men a chance to change their lives.

A quick tug assured that my hands were secured behind my back, and I heard her heels clanking away from where I was seated. After a door shut, the room had become quiet. I sat there, not able to see anything or know what was going to happen. The door opened again, and as Ms. Cybil had requested I stayed still. I never heard high heels, or the sound of feet walking across the hard floor.

As my lips parted to ask if I was alone I felt someone touching me.

Oh my god this is really happening.

Soft fingers glided over the skin on my shoulders, followed by the person's breath on my ear. It was enough to give me chills down both of my arms. I could feel the two hands traveling down the front of my collar bone. They traced the skin above my br**sts and my ni**les instantly got hard as the fingers trailed closer. They circled around the areolas, never touching my hardening tips. I'd never been touched by a woman, and didn't know the sex of the person touching me, but I was almost sure it was a female.

Holy shit! I was not a lesbian. I didn't agree to becoming one.

Oh my...It felt so good.

The assumption brought a surprising excitement over me. I hadn't thought about it before, but there was something so sultry about a woman gently caressing another woman.

What had I gotten myself into?

I attempted to shuffle around, to maybe wiggle out of my blindfold and restraints, just to be able to come to grips with what was happening to my senses. I was then caught off guard when a familiar voice filled the room, from far away. "Stay still, Lily. Accept what you're feeling. Free your mind of what you think is happening, and grasp what your body is telling you instead." Ms. Cybil wasn't anywhere near me, which only made me more curious as to who was touching me. The idea of it being a complete stranger made it both frightening and exciting at the same time.

Warm, wet lips rolled over one of my ni**les. I bit down on my own as I felt and heard suction being applied, first with ease and then more forceful. I sensed warm air being blown on it, right after the lips were removed. Chills traveled down my leg, but I remained as still as possible.

I could hear her breathing, and tiny sounds escaping her as she played her role.

For someone that was petrified of this, I had to silently admit to myself that I was enjoying it, probably more than I was supposed to.

Fingernails glided over the skin directly under my breast, down across my abdomen. The contact made my ni**les harden more, heightening the sensations in them once again. I gasped, almost moaning out loud, from just one sort of touch. My heart was racing, and I licked over my lips, wanting, no waiting, for what was to come.

When the fingernails stopped, I knew they were at the base of my pu**y. I felt them leave, only to start again on my inner thighs. As they moved I could feel my legs being pushed apart, spread open as far as I could go. My pu**y was exposed, and I couldn't think of anything else than being touched there, in my most personal area.

I couldn't stop licking my lips, and trying to keep still, while I knew that all of this was happening while Ms. Cybil watched us.

Being blindfolded made for a different type of experience. The not knowing took me to new heights and I'd yet to have been touched there.

Then, as soon as I felt those gentle hands playing with either side of my folds, someone placed a strong hold on my shoulders. Those hands started moving down over my br**sts. I leaned back in the chair as I felt myself being stroked so tenderly by these two strangers. On one hand, I wanted to jump up and run out of there because I knew what I was doing was wrong. On the other, I had to admit that it felt so good. I could feel hot breath before lips touched mine. The kiss was full of tongue and the whiskers rubbing over my cheeks let me know that at least one of the participants was a man. His kisses weren't aggressive like Charlie's usually were, and they certainly weren't like Eli's. This man kissed me slowly, passionately, as if we had all of the time in the world. He kissed me like we were all alone, and his intent was to please only me.

Just as fast as it started he pulled away and turned my head to the side. His lips traced the nape of my neck, while someone else began rubbing my clit. I bucked in my seat, unable to comprehend the fact that I was going through with this and enjoying it when I'd promised myself that I wouldn't. The harder they rubbed the more my body responded, almost unable to sit there without shaking.

My first orgasm came quickly and the room got quiet.

I couldn't hear either of the people around me, and without being able to free my hands and lift the blindfold, I wasn't sure what was going to happen.

"Did it feel good, Lily?" Ms. Cybil's voice filled the room again.

I nodded, unable to admit it out loud.

"That was just the beginning, love. Catch your breath and prepare to be satisfied beyond your belief."

Her words, so scary yet so exciting, only heightened my experience more. I'd already climaxed and she was telling me that something even better was going to happen.

I could hear the vibration of something and it was getting closer. Suddenly my hands were being untied from behind the chair. Instinctively I reached up to remove my blindfold, but was grabbed before I could get to it.

"The blindfold stays on until I know you're ready, Lily."

It scared me a little, hearing her tell me that. Hadn't she seen that I'd enjoyed what happened just moments ago? Wasn't being tied up and watched enough torture for one day?

I felt my hand being grabbed and was suddenly lifted off of the chair. The person walked behind me, holding me by the wrist and guiding me over to where there was something cushiony. At first I thought it was a bed, but it was so large that I wasn't quite certain. Had I'd been more prepared I would have taken in my surroundings before being blindfolded.

My body leaned over the soft padding, leaving my ass up in the air. The person behind me rubbed on my ass cheeks, while the object I was leaning on had began to move, like someone had climbed on the other side and was approaching me. I could hear the vibrating getting closer, but didn't anticipate someone's lips to smack against mine. This was different than the ones before it. The tongue was smaller and it moved in different directions. The lips were wet, and I tasted fruit as if it were lip gloss. Realizing that there were no stubbles, I pulled away shocked that I was possibly kissing another woman for the first time, which was something I never in a million years thought I'd be doing.

Whoever it was grabbed my hair and pulled me toward them again. "Don't fight it." The shockingly female voice whispered in my ear.

My heart felt as if it was beating out of my chest again and the reality of what was happening had finally smacked me right in the face.

I was having a lesbian encounter with a woman.

Then I felt something hard pressing on my ass. I shot up and arms wrapped around the front of me, holding me in place. The female approached again, grabbing at my cheeks and pulling me into another kiss. I started to pull away, but she held my face there, and tried again.

Underneath the blindfold I wanted to cry. This was all so wrong and frightening to me. I know I'd enjoyed it before. There was no denying what they'd all seen for themselves, but somehow knowing what I knew now made me rethink those feelings. Imagining that I was going through with this, while my children were at home, so innocent, made me want to crawl in a ball and die. They'd never forgive me for this, and I didn't know if I could live with that.

While feeling the obvious erection behind me, and being kissed by some unknown woman, I felt the vibration of something touching me. It was some kind of dildo, or wand that was being pressed on the base of my sex. Immediately I lost my train of thought. The intensity of the situation was overwhelming me so much that I couldn't rationally think.

The woman kissed me again, this time biting on my bottom lip and pulling it with her teeth. A tiny moan escaped her lips and I lost all control. I don't know what made me do it, but I lifted my arms up and touched her intentionally. I felt her slender waist and traveled up until I felt the underneath of her naked br**sts. Her smooth skin felt so cared for as my palms glided over it. Her lips met mine again, and suddenly we were being pulled down, with me on top of her. With a little shuffle I heard her gasp, and then felt the person behind us slapping himself into me. I think I hadn't considered our position and what could be happening until I heard the sounds of them both responding to each other.

He was f**king her while still standing, while I laid on top of her naked body. His hands played with my ass as he worked his pace. She held me tight, while kissing me again. All I could think about was being thankful that I'd shaved every appendage. The idea of a stranger knowing what my ass**le looked like was appalling.

Then, just as fast as it had begun, it stopped. His hands were on my ass and I felt his erection, still so hard, slapping over my cheeks. I pulled away from the woman's lips, but she held me there, close. "We're here to please you, Lily. Don't be afraid. This is all for you."

She kissed me one last time and started sliding up. I lifted my upper body on my elbows, determined that I wasn't going to be face down in her pu**y. At the same time that we were wriggling around, a large, stiff cock, was now positioned at the base of my sex. A hand came around and started rubbing the top of my pu**y. I clung to the sheets unable to grasp how my body and mind weren't in the same place. Finally I heard his voice. "Do you want me to stop, or do you want to cum?"

When I didn't answer, I heard giggling. "She wants to cum again."

Ms. Cybil had said no penetration, but clearly this guy was ready and willing.

The female was answering for me, as if she could read my deepest desires.

Then I heard a few voices coming from far away. "What's going on?"

The female answered. "Nothing for you to worry about. Stay focused. It's all part of the session."

I had no reason not to believe her.

I heard the door open and close but nothing changed. The man's hands were on my ass again after about a minute of him being unresponsive. Maybe he had to get the go-ahead to proceed with intercourse, or maybe it was my last chance to tell him to f**k-off, which I couldn't bring myself to do. I was too turned on, too lost in the moment, too hungry to be satisfied.

He entered me, not slow and careful, but with force and enthusiasm. I cried out and fell on top of the woman's abdomen. Her fingers massaged my scalp as my body lifted with each thrust. Then she began moving erotically beneath me. I knew her pu**y was inches below my chin, and as afraid as I was to be considered a lesbian, I found myself wanting to touch her the same way she'd touched me. With no regard for the regret I'd feel when it was all over, I let my hand travel down her stomach. She was shaved and just as smooth as the skin I'd touched before. I let my fingers trace over her smooth folds. She bucked her body, accepting my touch, and allowing me to continue. "That's it, Lily. Just go with it."

Meanwhile, I'm giving into temptation, and being f**ked from behind, by some stranger that I'd never even laid eyes on before. How did I get to this point? As he rubbed over my sweet spot vigorously, I started doing the same to the female. She groaned and accepted my touch, turning me on more than I could ever remember being in my whole life. The excitement was just too much to handle. My body began to let go, and I came, which only made him f**k me harder.

Where I thought I was spent, he was showing me that my orgasm was still going, taking me to new heights. I never let my fingers stop rubbing on the female, and soon she was crying out. Just a moment later and he, too, was definitively at the end of his rope. I'd made another woman orgasm, and waves of pleasure washed over me, until finally my own body collapsed over her spent body.

I felt him pulling out of me, leaving me vulnerable and exposed, but I never moved. Soon, the female was pulling me up into her arms. Our lips met and she laughed against me. "Are you ready to take off the blindfold?"

As nervous as I was, I wanted to see who'd I'd just been with. I needed to know whether I saw them at the grocery store, or maybe they were parents like me.

I nodded.

"Are you sure, you're ready?"

I licked my lips. "Yes."

"You can take off the blindfold, under one condition."

"Anything." Though I wasn't sure how much more I could take.

"Tell me how much you liked it, Lily? Admit to me that you could let yourself enjoy it. I know you did." She reached down and slid her fingers between my spent folds.

I let out a whimper, unable to hide my emotions. "I did."

"You're so wet. I bet you taste fantastic. Smelling your pu**y is making me so hot again." She shoved her fingers inside of me, at least two of them. "Let's take a shower together. What do you say?"

I couldn't say much while she was steady fingering me, gliding her thumb over my swollen clit. I started trembling, as if I was going to lose control at any minute. The idea of showering with a woman, kissing her, and touching her pu**y was too much for me to handle. I cried out again, hearing my voice echo in the room.

When the woman removed the blindfold I looked around the room to see that we were alone. There was no man present, and neither was Ms. Cybil. While I turned to face a beautiful exotic looking brunette, I was taken aback by what we'd just done together. "Where is everyone?"

"The session ended."

I covered my body with my hands, even though she'd seen all of me. "What does that mean?"

"It means you're done for the day." She traced her fingertips over my arm, and I wanted to pull away, but I couldn't. I found myself wanting to kiss her with my eyes open. "Did I make you feel good?"

How could I lie when she already knew the answer. "Yes." My face blushed with the admission.

"Just because you experienced a woman doesn't mean you're g*y, Lily. You opened your body up to being satisfied. People have been doing it since the beginning of time."

"I just had sex with two people at the same time. I had a threesome. I should feel terrible." Oh my God, I was seriously going to Hell. I'd just decided my fate. That damn demon on my shoulder won again.

Just before she could respond we heard yelling coming from another room. I couldn't make out all that they were saying, but Ms. Cybil clearly said, "I told you no penetration. This was a terrible idea. Get out of my face before I say something I'll regret. Frankie, you had no business barging in."

The exotic woman began to laugh. "I had intercourse during my first session. Did you ask for no penetration?"

I shrugged. "She told me that there wouldn't be any."

"Your client must want you as innocent as possible."

"My client? You mean she's already got someone lined up?" Knowing that made me feel like I hadn't just had sex with two strangers, I was also about to have sex with someone else. "I can't believe that I just did that. I've never done something so -."

"Hot? Reckless? Exciting?"

"Yeah."

"I think everyone's first sessions are like that. We want to think that we won't be able to go through with it, but somehow each of us comes out feeling like it was the hottest sex we've ever had. I've only heard of one person not being able to go through with it. Ms. Cybil is very thorough. I'm sure she's got plenty of men on a waiting list." She stood up in all of her nakedness in front of me. "How about that shower?" I watched her bite down on her lip as she waited for my reply. A fire between my legs ignited when my eyes passed over her hard ni**les. I was dripping with desire to be touched one more time by a woman with my eyes open. Whatever was going on in the next room wasn't my concern.

I'd been sexually awakened and wasn't ready to call it a day.

Did I get a shower?

You bet your sweet ass I did.

Although, it wasn't as sexual as I thought it would be. The exotic girl, who went by Nessa, short for Vanessa, talked my head off about her clients. I sucked in the information like a sponge, and appreciated how professional she was about it. She told me that she had a four year old and was going to college. She needed to be able to make money without being away from her child. Finding a sitter for only a couple hours a night was easy for her. By the end of the shower I'd offered babysitting by either of my daughters, considering they might like the opportunity to do it.

How f**ked up was that?

Once I was dry and redressed I was led to Ms. Cybil's office and seated. She joined me moments later. "Lily, are you okay, dear?"

I felt weird admitting it out loud. "Yes. I'm fine."

"I need to apologize to you about what happened earlier. Frankie got out of hand, even after I told you no sex." She seemed very disturbed over it.

"I didn't tell him no." I felt my cheeks turning red. "We got caught up I suppose." I didn't want to admit that I enjoyed the encounter, even if I never found out who the man was. It sounded bad, but he'd given me pleasure and nothing more. It was one time, and perhaps it didn't have to count since I never saw his face, and he didn't finish inside of me. I was making excuses for being a slut. Epic fail!

Then I wondered something that made me very uneasy. "Protection. Did he use any?"

"Of course my dear. He wouldn't have gone into the room without it."

I had to change the subject, so I said the first thing that came to mind. "How did I do? Was I bad at it?"

"One can not be bad at sex. You can be inexperienced, but performance doesn't mean you're terrible at it." She documented something on a piece of paper. "I have rules for a reason, Lily. There was no need for you to have intercourse today. I'm very sorry for that. I like to be a woman of my word. Frankie knew the rules."

"My lips are sealed." I felt embarrassed about the comment, wondering if she thought about my pu**y lips being sealed. I know that's where my mind went.

"Let's get to business. You're not going to need a second session. After Frankie's actions I couldn't ask you to endure that again. Your client has been prearranged and he's eager to get started. Honestly, I've never seen anyone more eager. He's driving me crazy, actually."

"Already?" I figured it would take awhile, but Nessa had been right. "I didn't know it would be so soon."

"This client of mine is very dear to me. I wouldn't assign just any of my girls to him. He requires a strong woman, who wants only to protect his identity. To be honest I've known him his whole life and he's never once asked me for a girl."

It was so intriguing, but scary. "Am I allowed to know anything about him?"

"He's between the ages of thirty and forty. He's very handsome, and kind."

"Has he been with other girls before?"

"He's never been with any of my girls. I can assure you of that."

"Is something wrong with him?"

She slid a few papers over toward me. "Sign these papers. They protect both of us legally." She was avoiding the question. "This is the key card for room four-hundred at Century Suites. Be there before ten in the morning, clean, shaved and prepared, both mentally and physically. When he arrives you will be required to wear a blindfold. His identity must be a secret."

I cut in. "Wait. I'm supposed to just sleep with some man and never know who it is? That is insane!"

"Dear, you just did that earlier today. In time he will feel comfortable enough to open up. I suggest you follow his rules if you want to make good tips."

It was true, but with the client I would be all alone. I wasn't sure if I was okay with that.

"Tips?"

"Yes. On top of what you make, most clients will also tip."

"What if I can't go through with it?"

"My client knows that you are his first encounter. He requested you." He requested me? Had I gone onto some ala-cart escort site? "If you're afraid of something bad happening, I can assure you that it won't."

"Like today?" I'm pretty sure the definition of 'bad' wasn't what I'd experienced earlier. When I leave here I will check the dictionary just in case.

"Exactly."

"I asked for it," I lied. "I wanted that man to have sex with me. I wanted to know what it would feel like, just one time. It's more my fault than his. Please, don't be hard on him."

She began to laugh. "Lily, I know what happened. It was clear that you enjoyed yourself, maybe even too much. I never expected you to be so welcoming. Nessa is trained to go as far as the person allows. I suppose maybe you could have whispered for Frankie to please you, but it was still stipulated beforehand that he wasn't to do so."

I knew that I wasn't in any position to help out the man. Then it actually finally hit me. Just as I was about to leave I burst into tears. Ms. Cybil was standing in front of me and reached out her hand to touch my arm. "What you're feeling is normal."

I jerked away, unable to keep my composure any longer. "I cheated on my husband. I'm a slut because I liked it? I liked how it felt to be touched by them. I wanted more, I asked for it. I'm just as horrible as my husband."

She was probably rolling her eyes and wishing she never laid eyes on me, but her arms wrapped around my shoulders for comfort anyway. "What happened today is the reason why I have these sessions. I need to know not only if you can handle the situation, but also be able to deal with the repercussions. If you can't get through today, then we'll have to find my client someone else. I can't have you getting upset like this in front of him."

I waited until she let go to wipe my tears away. "I need the money. Please. I'm desperate. I won't let him see me upset."

This woman must have thought I was bi-polar, and I was beginning to wonder the same thing. I suppose I felt ashamed for what I'd done. For my whole life I'd been this person to follow all of the rules. The idea that I'd done something so out of my norm was disturbing. Even worse was the fact that I'd been willing to get it on with Nessa in the shower, although our business chat got in the way.

After leaving the office, I headed to a parking lot where I cried for an unknown amount of time. I hated myself, and finally went home to shower again, to wash off the shame I'd brought on myself, that I'd endure for an eternity in Hell.

I ordered pizza and after picking up the kids from the bus, I retreated to my bedroom and shut the door. Luckily Charlie thought I was crying because of what he'd done. Honestly it was the only thing that made me feel better inside. Had it not been for him I wouldn't have had to become a whore. This was all his fault and I hated him even more.

I tried talking myself out of going to meet my client a dozen times, but yet I got a shower, made sure I looked my best and was on my way to the hotel. Living under the same roof as Charlie was only making me want to commit murder. I needed to get away, but knew I couldn't go without my children. There was one easy way out of this and it required me to take off my clothes and f**k a stranger. I was willing to do it for as long as I needed to in order to get by. I would make a new life for myself, no matter if it destroyed the person I once was.

I didn't have to check into the hotel since I already had a room key. Nerves really hit me as I entered into the elevator and then got my first look at the lavish amenities in the room. This wasn't some hotel that normal travelers stayed at. Every detail, from the furniture to the fixtures was expensive. A fully stocked bar with stools was at one end of the room, and a living room with two couches was on the other side. Further inside was a separate bedroom with a large king size bed. The bathroom within was even more spectacular with a tub that would fit three grown men, not that I was imagining that happening or anything.

I sat down on the bed and then began to fidget. My client would be arriving shortly and I wasn't prepared. After putting my purse into one of the bedside drawers, I primped in front of the mirror. Finally I walked around the suite and found a note addressed to me.

Lily,

I hope you aren't too nervous. In this envelope you will find a comfortable mask to wear. Promptly at ten please make sure the shades are down and you are sitting waiting. It's okay if you feel scared. I can assure you that I've matched you up with someone as equally nervous. Remember, this isn't about sex. Sometimes this is about listening, and being a companion if even for a short amount of time.

When you're working your name is Lustly. Never tell a client your real name.

All of your next meetings will be determined by your client. If you can't make a meet you must contact me at once.

If you have any questions feel free to call me. I'm always available.

Cybil

I pulled the mask out of the envelope and looked at it. The black material was made of satin, and was so smooth to touch. I heard the door clicking and began to panic. Quickly, I ran to the curtains and closed them tightly, making the room hard to see. Out of the corner of my eye I saw a man entering and turned to face the opposite direction as I applied the mask.

I was petrified.

Holy Shit. What am I doing? I can't go through with this.

This wasn't like my session. There wasn't anyone there to protect me if things go bad. I hadn't told anyone where I was going to be. I could have been murdered and nobody would ever know. I heard something clicking and then a recorded voice spoke. "Good morning, Lustly."

I heard more clicking and could gather that he was typing what to say to me. I wondered if he wasn't able to speak, so I responded, almost feeling bad that he may have a handicap. I never imagined that my client would have such a thing, but it was very possible. "Good morning." I hated being called Lustly, but it sure beat him knowing my real name. I imagined being in the local mall and him seeing me. Obviously, I'd never know what he looked like, so I'd assume that every man that looked at me was him.

I was getting freaked out, letting my paranoia overwhelm me. Before I could go all psycho and run past the man, I heard more clicking and then the recorded speaking. "You look beautiful today."

"Have you seen me before?"

"Perhaps." He was still across the room from me. I could sense that much. "Please, sit down so we can get to know each other."

I felt for the couch and sat down, wondering if he was just going to come over and try to get busy with me. "What would you like to know?" Obviously his life was a secret.

"What do you do for fun?" The recorded voice was bothering me. I felt ashamed to say anything about it, but it made me feel even more unconnected to the stranger sitting across from me, or standing. I really didn't know what he was doing.

"Sexually?"

"No, of course not. I mean, what do you normally do when you aren't working?"

I crossed my legs and folded my hands in my lap. "Sorry. I'm a little nervous." I paused for a moment, but he didn't respond. "I like to read, and go to the beach."

"What do you like to read?"

"Romance novels, of course." I giggled to myself. "I like to read that someone is getting a happy ending." Then I laughed again imagining a different kind of happy ending. Leave it to my nerves to make me feel even more uneasy.

"Don't be nervous. I won't touch you unless you ask me to."

The recorded voice didn't make me feel any more comfortable, but somehow I believed that I wasn't in danger. Still, the mother in me needed everything laid out on the table. "What is it that you want from me?"

"Whatever you're willing to give me."

He was crazy if he thought I'd jump in the sack after five minutes alone in a hotel room, if that's what he was implying. "That's hard to determine when you won't let me see you."

"Does it matter how I look?" Then I felt bad about saying it.

"Of course not. I didn't mean it that way."

"I would rather you like me for the person I am when you're with me, rather than the face I hold."

"Maybe I'd feel better if you were blindfolded too," I sarcastically suggested.

"Am I supposed to forget how utterly beautiful you are? I don't think I could ever do that."

"That's flattering."

"It's true. I knew I had to have you from the first moment I saw you."

"Can you tell me where we met?"

"No." He was very fast to answer.

"Do you know my real name?"

"Maybe."

"What's your first name?" I felt very confused. This was supposed to be anonymous. He knew that as much as I did, yet he was admitting that he might know who I really was. "If you know who I am then why can't I know who you are?"

"If I promise to tell you my name after three meets, will you accept that?"

"Do I have a choice?" I needed the money, and I was already screwing this up. I was terrible at being a whore. I guess I should have watched some documentaries or maybe some Skinemax at least a couple times to brush up on sexual innuendos, and conversations.

"When you act vulnerable your face tightens. I can see it even while you're wearing the mask. To answer your question, you always have a choice."

"Are you able to speak?"

The room got quiet and I assumed that I upset him. I sat there with my hands folded until I felt hot breath on my ear. "Yes," he whispered.

It scared the shit out of me and I jumped and turned around. With one hand on the mask, ready to take it off, he placed his over mine, stopping me. "Don't," he whispered again.

"Why are you whispering? Do we know each other?"

Instead of moving away, he grabbed both of my hands and pulled me close to him. I felt terrified, like I was definitely in over my head. Ms. Cybil was going to get an earful from me when this man finally left.

To be honest, I knew I could take off the mask and see who he was. Maybe there was this part of me that didn't want to know. It was like seeing him made it all real and not knowing allowed me to pretend that it wasn't really happening. One hand let go of mine and then fingers trailed over my lips. I could smell gum or mouthwash on his breath, as if he'd just put it in before stepping in the door. He took my hand and brought it up to his face. I let him guide my fingers over his eyes, his nose, and then his mouth. His face was clean shaved, and he had no beard or moustache.

Just as my fingers finished coasting over his bottom lip for the second time he kissed them. When I didn't move he kissed the back of my hand and spun me around, so that I wasn't facing him. His arms lifted and both touched my shoulders, and then ran down my skin simultaneously. I could feel goose bumps forming from being petrified, and sensitive.

He moved my hair to the side and kissed my shoulder lightly. I turned my neck to allow him to do it again. His tongue brushed over my shoulder and then across the back of my hair line.

The zipper to my dress was moving down before I even knew he had a hand on it. "I'm scared," I whispered. "You said you wouldn't touch me unless I asked.

"No sex," He whispered back. "Promise."

While trying to focus on the man's voice that he clearly wasn't revealing to figure out if I even knew who he was or if he was just making me think I did, I allowed him to unzip my dress. With ease it fell to the floor, leaving me in only a bra and panties. My hose were only for added sexiness. I'd bought them years ago and never even tried them out for Charlie. Here I was bearing all to a complete stranger who was promising not to have sex with me, even if he was paying a ton of money for two hours of my time. It really made no sense.

Unless he was impotent.

Maybe he couldn't get it up and having me come in was his way of seeing if the c**k would respond to me differently. I really didn't know, and I wasn't about to ask him about it.

My bra was unhooked and I felt my br**sts being freed as it fell to my feet. The stranger spun me around but didn't touch me. I started to put my hands over my chest and he grabbed them. "Don't," He said softly. "Just let me look at you. I want to see all of you," he whispered.

When I let my hands fall to the side he'd already put his thumbs in my panty line. I was shaking terribly, trying my hardest not to cry. Slowly, he pulled them down over my hips. I felt so naked. I mean, I know I was naked besides the thigh high stockings, but this was different. It was like when you're walking down a dark ally and you know someone is watching you. It was creepy.

"Now what?" I wasn't about to be comfortable standing there for a long period of time. He could have been taking my picture and putting it on websites.

Hands ran over my ass cheeks and I felt breath being blown over my pu**y. "Shh", was all I heard him say before he kissed me right on it. Before I could say for him to stop, or keeping going, I felt his tongue licking my folds. Then he spoke again, as quiet as before. "Are you still afraid that I want to hurt you?"

You can't ask a woman that question when you're tongue deep in her pu**y. "No."

His tongue lapped up my clit, flicking it so forcefully that my knees began to buckle. He kissed me one more time before standing up and bringing his face close to mine. "I won't hurt you, but someone else could," he whispered, so low that I could barely make out what was being said. I felt him putting the straps of my bra over my arms and reaching behind my back to fasten it. Next he helped me put my panties back on. He stood, his mouth brushing over mine, making me taste myself as he did it, and then he disappeared. I could feel that his presence wasn't anywhere near me.

"Did I do something wrong?"

I heard typing again. "Sit down."

I did as he told me and waited for another reply. "I can do better. Please, I need this money. Don't change your mind. I'll do anything you want."

"You can call me, Frankie. It's what my mother calls me."

"Your mother? What the...I don't understand. You're Cybil's son?"

"Yes," the digital voice responded.

I felt angry and hurt that Cybil would lie to me about him being her son, and even more confused about my first session. "You let your mother watch us? You-," I stuttered. "You slept with Nessa."

"No."

"I was there. I think I know what happened."

"Did you know there were four of us there? I was not the only man in the room."

I was more confused now than ever. "What? Nessa didn't tell me that. I don't understand."

"I don't work for my mother, and I don't agree with what she does for a living." More typing.

"I'm taking off this mask right now if you don't start explaining to me what's going on. Is this a test? Is this my second session?"

"You weren't getting a second session," the computer responded. "I won't have it."

"Buddy, you aren't in control of me. I don't know who you think you are, but -."

"I'm protecting you from yourself." I heard him typing so I waited for a reply. "I saw you leaving the first night you visited her. She didn't know I was home. When I confronted her, she lied to me. I made her tell me what you were doing, and I convinced her that I would be your only client."

"Why? I don't know you. You don't know me, well not really. Why, if you hate her lifestyle, would you want to be a part of it for me?"

"It doesn't matter. I walked in during your first session and forced my mother and that little bastard out of the room. Nessa knew not to say anything to me, or I'd ruin her." I heard an air-filled laugh escape his lips like he knew he had power over what was happening. "You were going to let him f**k you and I couldn't have that."

"So you did it yourself? How brave of you." I was getting pissed. This wasn't anything that I'd prepared myself for. This was horrible, and I knew I'd made a terrible mistake.

"You liked it."

He was right. I did. I'd thought it was the hottest encounter I'd ever had, even not knowing who was in the room, and what had gone on while I was bearing it all. I didn't respond.

"I wanted you to be with me."

"You're her son. Did she watch us? Tell me the truth. She said she did."

"If she did then it was on camera, because I made her leave, Lily."

"Don't call me that."

"I'm not calling you Lustly. It's not your name."

"Why can't I look at you?"

"I don't want you to yet, not until I know you can handle this relationship."

I started to laugh, forgetting that I was sitting in my bra and underwear. "Relationship? You've got to be kidding me. This is a business deal. That's it."

"Fine." I heard him close the computer and then felt his hand on my knee. His face was close; I could feel his breath on my face. "Kiss me," he whispered.

"I'm going to kiss you because the money is going to save my family, not because I like you at all." I leaned in and pressed my lips over his. Right away he stuck his tongue in my mouth. I started to pull away, but I was met with a familiar pace. I'd kissed him during my session. His slow rhythm was addictive, and I found myself reciprocating. His hands wrapped around my waist and he lifted me into his arms. Frankie carried us across the room and I was soon being sat down on the bed. I could feel the spring of the mattress as he did it. He licked my ear lobe and kissed his way down to my br**sts. I grabbed his chin and pulled him back up for another kiss. His wet lips brushed over mine as well as his tongue. With each kiss the heat increased between my legs. I wanted to be mad at him, but for some reason his touch felt too familiar. His gentle palms caressed my skin as they made their way inside of my panties.

What was happening to me? How could I be okay with this?

When he stuck a finger between my folds he felt what I already knew was there. He groaned and shoved his finger inside of me. I arched my body in response and tiny cries escaped my lips.

While my mouth was half open, he pulled his finger out of me and stuck it between my lips. I was shocked that he wanted me to lick off my own juices. I took his whole finger into my mouth, trying so hard to convince him that I could be professional. I could be sexy if I tried.

However that wasn't what he wanted. He pulled his finger away and kissed me again, tasting my pu**y on my own lips. He then pulled down my bra and took a nipple into his mouth, sucking it hard until I cried out in both pain and pleasure. He repeated with the other side then moved down quickly until he was between my legs. He didn't pull off my underwear, but instead moved them to the side. I felt him licking the lips and then massaging them with his hand. He pinched at my clit and sucked it into his mouth tugging to get a rouse out of me. Then, like he was eager for the prize, I felt his tongue entering my pu**y. He lifted up my legs, and I held them willingly up near my head, while he licked me from my pu**y to my ass. I'd never been touched like that before, and the next time he sucked on my clit I cried out. I couldn't hold in what was happening to me. It was like I'd been drugged to perform and I couldn't stop until I was sexually exhausted. "Please don't stop," I cried. "Lick me again. Please."

I must have sounded pathetic, but he didn't let it show. I felt his tongue nearing my ass**le again and my body shuddered. He flipped me around and separated my cheeks, licked them both before taking his tongue in between again. When he pulled away he slapped my ass and then started tapping his palm on my pu**y. More groans escaped his lips and he drilled his fingers inside of me once more, and then leaned down to lick my little hole again.

His fingers pulled out and wet the skin from my pu**y to my ass. He drove them inside of me, only to lick the remnants of what he'd spread around. I reached for my tits and pinched my own ni**les, while lying on my stomach, and accepting that for the second time this man was making me feel things I never knew were possible. It made me question who was the client, because certainly he was doing all of the work.

Then he started tongue f**king my ass. "Cum," he whispered against it. I could feel his hot breath as his hard tongue pressed on my tiny hole, and his fingers repeatedly moved in and out of my pu**y.

I let go.

I forgot about being in a hotel with a stranger.

I forgot about selling my body for money.

I forgot about who he was.

All I cared about was his talented mouth and what it was making me feel.

Frankie held his lips over me as I cried out loudly into the room, experiencing the hottest orgasm in the history of sex. He flipped me on my back and kissed me on the lips. Thank god he still tasted good, or it may have ruined the whole experience for both of us. His mouth was soft and gentle again as he let his body fall on the bed next to mine.

I felt him get up for a second and heard the shades being closed. The light at the top of my mask disappeared and I knew it was dark in the room. Frankie pulled off my mask allowing me to see that the room was darker than I could have pictured. Apparently the bedroom had the blackout panels, because I couldn't see a hint of anything. He ran his hand up my abdomen and traced his way down my arm to find my hand.

He took mine and intertwined our fingers together. Then, silently, we lay there together, as if nothing had just happened between us.

I wanted to say something to him about our situation, but decided it was best to be a professional. Unfortunately being professional only lasted a few seconds. "I've cheated on my husband twice with you. Why don't I feel bad about it?"

He laughed and pulled me into his arms, but said nothing. A few seconds later he started to kiss me again. Feeling like I was being selfish I reached down to touch him, to feel if he was hard, but he wouldn't let my hand go past his waistline. "No."

"Don't you want me?"

"Not like this. Not like the last time," he whispered.

"I wanted it."

"Shh." He kissed me again, breaking my train of thought.

I must have fallen asleep while in his arms, because I woke up to a dark room. Forgetting that I wasn't supposed to see him, I reached over and turned on the light. Frankie was gone, but on the bed next to me was an envelope of cash, and a note.

Lily,

I refuse to call you Lustly. I know this is just business to you, and I can live with that, as long as I'm your only client. I hate this lifestyle, but you're worth me going against my better judgment. Whether we meet again is up to you. I'm sorry that I went against my word and touched you today. Every time I'm near you I can't help myself. Making you cum is worth every f**king penny in that envelope. I'll be here the same time next week. You don't have to get dressed up for me if you decide to come. You're the most beautiful when you're comfortable.

Your client -

Frankie

After showering off any proof of what had happened, I counted the money three times and kept coming up with a thousand dollars. Since I was under the impression that I'd be drawing a check, I drove right to Ms. Cybil's house. For one I needed to know if I'd just been tipped a grand for being an inconsiderate ass**le, and giving Frankie nothing in return. Then I had a serious bone to pick with her about her little secret.

Her maid greeted me at the door and led me into her office. Her hands were folded as I approached the desk. I dropped the envelope in front of her. "You need to explain to me what's going on, right now!"

She didn't wipe the grin off of her face as she picked up the envelope and counted the money. "Do you give your son money to sleep with me?"

"My son never could keep a secret."

"What about my session? Were you going to tell me that I had sex with your son that day, and not who else was in the room with Nessa?"

"My son entered that room breaking protocol. I trusted he wouldn't do what he ended up doing. I've already apologized for that."

"He f**ked me and you let him."

"I wasn't in the room. He made us all leave."

"With what, a gun?" I wanted answers and I wasn't going to leave until I had them.

"My son doesn't agree with how I made my money. He has the power to take me down. He's the only man that scares me."

"Why me?"

She leaned forward and pushed the money my way. "I can assure you that this money comes from his pocket. He hasn't taken a dime from me since he was in college. He's very successful and quite boring. Why he chose you is beyond me. I suppose he saw you and felt sorry for you in some way. He's always trying to help people."

I sat down in the chair in front of her. "Am I even your employee, or am I his?"

"You work for me. If you want more clients I can give them to you. My son is not the boss here, I am."

"He doesn't agree with that." Silently I felt relieved, even though I was yelling. When I left the hotel I hadn't felt like an escort. Sure, the situation was severely messed up, but Frankie wanted to keep me safe. That much was obvious.

"I'm very sorry I let this happen, Lily."

I stood up, just wanting to get out of there. "Me too."

I got halfway out the door before she called me back. "Wait. Take your money. Obviously you earned it, and you need it."

I took it from her and laughed. "That's the thing. I didn't earn it. He paid me to do nothing. I don't get it. What kind of man pays this kind of money for a woman he doesn't know?"

"Do you plan on seeing him again? Do you need me to make other arrangements?"

"I'll let you know."

I left the house and drove straight to Eli's office. I was supposed to be there an hour before, not that I had set times, but he'd been calling me for thirty minutes, and I didn't have the heart to respond, after what I'd done.

Before I got inside my phone started ringing again. I picked it up when I saw the name. "I'm outside."

"You don't sound harmed."

"I was just running late. Thank you for caring."

"You always call."

"I had an appointment and it ran over." I hated myself for letting Eli care about me. I needed to stop it before it got harder for both of us. Now more than ever we couldn't have any kind of relationship. "I'm coming inside."

While walking across the parking lot I spotted the woman from my very first visit. She was in tears as she passed me and I didn't feel like prying, so I kept going.

Eli met me at his office door and closed it behind us. He pinned me against it and leaned in to kiss me. As guilty as I felt I couldn't push him away. Thankfully it was only a peck on the lips. "You probably think I'm some kind of stalker."

"I appreciate that you care about me, Eli. Sometimes I feel like you're the only one that does."

He brushed the hair away from my face and tucked it behind my ear. "For two months I've watched you walk in and out of this office and every time I want you. I know you said we couldn't be more, but I'm not going to pretend anymore that I'm alright just being your friend. I'm not asking you to go against your vows to your marriage, but when you're ready to move on I hope we can be more than just friends."

I looked away, unable to face how much guilt I felt. "That's just it, Eli. I've done things that I don't know if I can live with. They have nothing to do with my marriage, and as much as I wish I didn't have to do them again, I know it's the only way I'm going to get out of my predicament."

"What are you talking about? Lily, if you're in trouble you can tell me."

"No. As much as I trust you, I can't. I refuse to tell anyone about it. It's my burden to live with. Just know that if things were different I'd love to see what you and I could have been together. You're such a kind man. I've never felt as safe as when I'm around you, and I appreciate that, but from here on out I need you to be my lawyer, not my friend. I need you to draw up the separation papers and whatever else you do to scare the shit out of cheating spouses."

He reached for my arm and I pulled away. Tears were already running down my cheeks. "Lily, I'm still going to be your friend. We have to see each other here."

"That's just it. We don't have to anymore." I pulled out the thousand dollars cash and placed it in his hands. "This should cover whatever I owe you, and to draw up the papers. I'll pay you the rest when the job is done."

He looked down at the money and back up at me completely confused. "How did you get this money? Why would you give it to me? Don't you need it?"

"I need my attorney to be paid."

Eli stared at me until I would finally look up at him. I could see the hurt in his eyes and it made me cry more. I closed my eyes and felt him grabbing my hand, shoving the money back in it. "Your money is no good here, Lily. For two months you've become more than a friend to me. I refuse to let you give me money when I know you need it. I'll draw up any papers you want. I'll take everything that man owns and make sure you get it. I'll do anything to make you smile."

"Stop it."

"What?" He tried to grab me again.

"Stop being nice to me. I don't deserve it, and I certainly don't deserve you." I shook my head and pushed past him. "I have to go."

He followed me out into the parking lot and stopped when we both reached my van. He spun me around before I could get in. "You're just going to walk away? My friendship means that little to you?"

I shook my head and cried harder. If he only knew how much it meant to me. "That's not it."

"Then tell me, Lily. Tell me why you don't want to see me anymore. Tell me why we can't be friends. I won't ask for anything more. You know that."

"I can't talk about it." I covered my face with my hands, feeling embarrassed that we were in a busy parking lot.

He lifted my chin and removed my hands, then started kissing away my tears. Finally he pulled me into his arms and let me cry. We stood there for a while just holding each other. My tears stopped, and I felt calm enough to be able to talk without losing it. Eli spoke first. "Take that money and put it toward a new place."

"If you knew the truth about me, you wouldn't want to help me."

"That's my decision to make, not yours."

"Eli, you're successful and too kind for your own good. You don't need someone who is so damaged. You need a young woman that can give you children of your own, who only knows what loving you feels like. I can never be that kind of woman again, not after everything. I can't trust. It's impossible."

"You're not going to tell me what you did, are you?"

He was going to push until I caved and the thought of telling him that I was whoring myself out wasn't something I ever wanted to admit. "No."

I could tell he was pissed. His jaw tightened and his forehead creased. "If you change your mind, I'll be around."

"If I promise to still come and file, will you let me go home?"

"Yes."

"Then I promise."

He took a step back and reached to open the van door for me. I climbed in and watched him closing the distance between us. His hand touched my leg, and before I could protest, his lips were on mine. I loved the way he kissed me, almost like Frankie did. Charlie was always so fast, but these two new kissers were slow and passionate. When he pulled away I still had my eyes closed. "Look at me, Lily."

I opened them and gazed into his. "When I look at you I see a man that I wish I could have more with." My bottom lip began to tremble as I confessed. "I didn't want to come back because I know I won't be able to stop myself from wanting you. I'm trying to be strong and do the right thing, but then you kiss me like that and all I want is for you to take me home with you and make love to me over and over again."

He let out a chuckle and leaned in to kiss me again. With his mouth touching mine he spoke. "Do you want to take my car or yours?"

I was shocked. I'd spent two hours in a hotel room with a stranger, hours before. Sure, I didn't have sex, but it was still foreplay. Now Eli wanted to take me home with him for an afternoon delight. As much as I knew I shouldn't, I couldn't say no without hating myself. Maybe if we made love one time I'd be able to get him out of my system and move forward. "You know I can't. I have to get the kids off the bus soon."

"Tomorrow? Meet me tomorrow at my house? I'll text you the street address."

I put my head on the steering wheel as I spoke. "Eli, just get in the van."

We took some short cut to his house and he had me pull into his garage. Once inside of his house I looked around. It was a large two-story, and the kitchen was to die for but looked as if it had never been used. A dog came out of nowhere but never barked. The short and stubby English bulldog came over and welcomed her owner. Eli bent down to greet her. "Hey sweet girl. Daddy's home."

"What's her name?"

"Delilah."

"You're kidding? My dog is named Samson."

We both got a good laugh out of it, before Eli got his serious look on his face. He cleared his throat. "Come here, Lily."

I stepped forward breaking the distance between us. He ran his hands over my cheeks and then my lips. I closed my eyes and felt our mouths touching. His tongue began to mingle with mine. He pulled away with this puzzled look on his face. "This isn't right. I shouldn't have brought you here."

"I drove."

"Lily, I want you, but not like this. Just go home and do what you have to do. I'll call you tomorrow when you have a fresh head."

"Did I do something wrong?"

He leaned down and kissed me softly. "No. This time it's all me. I told you before that I didn't want to be a regret."

"But I want this."

"Yeah, but I'm willing to wait for it."

It took me a while to accept that he wanted me to leave. I'd promised to pick him up in the morning so that he could get back to his car at the office, albeit I knew that being alone with him made me want things that I couldn't ever have.

My life was in shambles, and in order to put it back together I was going to have to keep my priorities straight. Eli was an unfortunate bump in the road that I couldn't afford to get involved with, no matter how much I wished I could.

Chapter 7

That night after taking the kids where they all needed to be, and feeding them dinner, I headed upstairs to soak in the tub and think about my situation. Honestly, I just wanted some alone time to take in the day that I'd had. Aside from Eli I'd gotten involved with my first client, who happened to be my boss's son. On top of that, he had some sick obsession to protect me, and I didn't understand why.

Charlie came in the bathroom and sat on the edge of the tub. When he knew that I'd seen him but wouldn't say anything he spoke up. "We need to talk, Lil."

I put the rag over my face. "I have nothing to say to you, Charlie."

"How long are we going to go like this? Don't you think we should call a therapist or something?"

I took the rag and put it in the water, then turned my attention to him. I looked him right in the eyes as I spoke. "As far as I'm concerned right now I don't like you. It's going to take me a long time to be able to look at you without seeing what you've done. If I were you, I'd keep your mouth shut and your dick in your pants." I put the rag over my face. "If you'll excuse me, I'm trying to relax from a shitty day."

He got up and left without saying anything, and by the time I climbed into bed, he was rolled over and appeared to be asleep. I found it hard to fall asleep with so much on my mind. I'd created a clusterfuck of situations and if I didn't gain some kind of control I was going to surely lose my mind.

It was almost morning when I finally closed my eyes. A little later I woke to the kids getting ready for school. Charlie was up and already dressed. He came over to my side of the bed. "I'll take them to the bus stop on my way in."

I started to get up. "You don't have to."

"It's fine."

As soon as he left the room I fell back asleep.

My cell phone woke me up and when I saw what time it was I knew it was the diner calling. My first decision of the day was to tell them that I wouldn't be coming back in. I felt terrible, but my mind was made up. I was going to see my client once a week, for both the money and sexual pleasure. I'd be lying if I didn't want both. Even in the awkward first encounter, I'd found myself drawn to Frankie. It amazed me, but clearly I didn't need to know someone to enjoy myself.

Didn't I deserve some kind of release?

As soon as I ended the call my phone rang again. This time it was Eli.

"I overslept."

"Were you dreaming about me?"

"You're funny. Actually I didn't sleep last night."

"Yeah, me either. We need to talk about us, Lily. I know you say you don't want to, but I feel like there are things you need to know."

I couldn't listen to him tell me why I should see him. Even if I had the time to do it, he'd never sleep with a hooker. He was a man of the law, and that would go against everything he stood for. Besides, I could see the headline if I was ever caught, and known as his girlfriend. He'd lose his clients over it.

"I can't talk today. I've got something to do."

"I guess you can't tell me what it is?"

"I'm going to look at houses to rent." I really hadn't made any plans, but one internet search could give me some ideas.

"Do you want company?"

"You have court at one, remember?" I was around him so much that I knew his schedule.

"We could go this morning. You know I don't see clients on court days."

"Eli..."

"Can't I be your friend?"

I closed my eyes and thought about not having him around. He was right about being my friend. I couldn't tell anyone how I felt about Charlie, but for the past two months I'd been able to tell him everything. He knew how my heart had been ripped out. He'd been the one person to make me smile when I was down in the dumps. He'd even been my shoulder to cry on. I owed him at least a friendship, if nothing else. "Yes."

"Good. Come pick me up."

"I need to get dressed."

"Friends can pick each other up naked," he teased.

"Funny. I'm getting a shower. I'll pick you up in an hour."

"Ok. See you soon."

I jumped in the shower and hurried up getting washed. After dressing, I dried my hair halfway and grabbed my purse, running out the door after only fifteen minutes. When I arrived in front of Eli's house I saw him standing out front on his phone while his dog went to the bathroom. He waved and called the dog to go back inside of the house before walking in my direction.

By the time he climbed in the vehicle he'd already hung up the phone and given me his attention. "Good morning."

Our eyes met and that spark was there again. Before I could protest he kissed me. It felt so nice being with him, so natural, which I didn't think I'd ever find again. Charlie and I had been together for so long that I just assumed a relationship like that wouldn't happen for me. Yet, I knew so much about Eli that being around him was comfortable. "I need to tell you something."

"Is it what you couldn't tell me yesterday?"

I was going to regret this, but if I wanted to be his real friend, he needed to know the truth about me. "Yes."

I tried to find the right words to explain it without making myself look bad, but I couldn't. No matter how I spun my story he wasn't going to understand. "I found a way to make a lot of money without having to work every day."

"Let me guess. Are you a stripper?" He was joking around, and I knew he wasn't going to be joking when he heard the truth.

"No."

"Are you selling your eggs to a bank?"

"No."

"I know, you're a hooker," he said and started laughing.

"We're called escorts, not hookers."

Eli stopped laughing. His face was something that I'd never seen before. I watched as he fought with his own emotions as how to answer me. "Is this some kind of joke?"

I shook my head and began to tear up. "I know you can't understand. You have to know that if there was some other way I'd take it. It's not what you think. I don't have to sleep with my client, well not all of the time. It's hard to explain."

"You're pulling my leg, right?"

I shook my head again, this time unable to respond verbally.

"Lily, you can't do this."

"It's already done. It was my decision to make."

Eli turned and looked out the window. He refused to look my way and it hurt me. I felt like me telling him had ruined even the friendship between us. I'd been right to assume that he'd want nothing to do with me. I could tell from the look on his face that he was utterly disgusted. "We better get going if you want to see multiple listings."

I started driving, waiting for him to talk to me, but he wouldn't. After driving to the next community, I pulled over and looked at my phone. I'd already seen a couple places for rent a week before after searching on the internet to get an idea of how much money I'd need a month. The first house I came to was a two-story. It had a one car garage and a nice size back yard that was fenced in. After calling the number on the listing, the landlord told me the combination to enter the house. Eli followed behind, still not talking to me.

I walked inside and headed upstairs first, noting that it had three decent sized bedrooms that shared one common bathroom.

The first floor had one bedroom that was small, but would work fine for me. The kitchen and living room were all together. They too weren't very large, but it was cute. There was a dining room, but I'd most likely use it as a second television room for the kids. Eli followed me out back, and as I looked around he finally spoke. "This is a nice place."

"It has plenty of room for the four of us. I think the kids could get used to living here. We'd be in the same school district, and their father could come get them whenever he wanted."

"You'd be closer to my house," he added.

"You still want to be friends?" I was kind of shocked.

"Do you judge me for being a lawyer? Do you look at me and see an ass**le that takes people's life savings and gives it to greedy spouses?"

"Of course not."

"I hate what you're doing, Lily. I'm not going to lie, but I know it's not you. It's a job, and if you're okay with it, I'll keep my mouth shut."

"I'm not a whore, Eli. It's one client."

Eli pulled me into his arms. He didn't try to kiss me, or touch me the way he had before. This hug was a friend hug. A part of me hated it, because I could feel him withdrawing himself from me. "I'm not taking that money, Lily."

"I understand."

"And I can't talk you out of it?"

"Probably not."

He got quiet again as we walked out of the house, and traveled to the next property. The second house was a little bit bigger, but also a hundred extra dollars a month. Eli checked everything out on the exterior of the house while I walked around inside doing the same. I watched him through the window, and hated myself for being honest with him. He'd never look at me the same way again.

On the way back to the office he reached over and put his hand on my leg. "I'm not going to lie. It hurts me that some stranger gets to f**k you, but I can't make love with you."

"It hurts me too, Eli. I'm not doing this to hurt you. I'm doing it for my kids."

I arrived at the office and parked next to Eli's car. For the next half hour we argued about my choices, and how I was making a huge mistake that I'd regret forever. Eli offered to give me ten grand to get me into a place of my own, and start over without having to sell my body. When I declined he got out of the van and walked inside of his office, without even saying goodbye.

I suppose it was for the best, watching him walk out of my life. I wasn't the woman he thought I was. That part of me that he was interested in had to go away. I needed to be strong and independent if I wanted to be able to survive on my own. At least my kids were older and pretty much self-sufficient. If my plan didn't work out I could work two jobs to keep us afloat.

For the next six days I moped around my house. Charlie left me alone, but only because he was going on another business trip, so he called it. I decided that since I hadn't heard a word from Eli I'd have to get some backup proof of Charlie's affair with Kate on my own. I avoided thinking about my weekly visit with Frankie, and focused all of my energy on Charlie and the marriage that was about to come to an end.

On the day of the second meet with Frankie I rushed around the house acting like a crazy person. The kids must have thought I'd lost my mind, and it was a good thing that Charlie had gotten up and left early.

By the time I'd reached the hotel and gotten into the room I was so sweaty that I literally needed a second shower. With little time to spare I jumped in and hoped that Frankie was running late. When I was just about done conditioning my hair I heard someone clear their throat. Through the fogged up glass I could see the figure of a man standing in the doorway that led to the bedroom. He left as soon as I'd turned and I didn't know whether to feel violated or upset that I wasn't prepared how I should have been. Then I remembered that the rules of Cybil were off since my client was her son.

I took my time climbing out and walked into the dark room. From the light in the bathroom I caught a glimpse of the back of him. He was slender, which I could tell from our last encounter, but his shoulders were wide. Before I could take in any more of him, I heard that stupid computer talking. "Turn off the light, Lily."

"Why should I follow any of your rules, Frankie? Haven't we broken all of them already?"

"Do you want to get paid or not?"

He was so dry, and I don't know why I expected him to be kind. I was a whore and he knew it. He'd lived a life knowing what his mother did, and according to what I was told, he hated it.

I turned off the light and stood there waiting for what he wanted next.

Instead of ordering me to apply the mask, or to stay naked he started asking me questions.

I could hear him typing. "Where do you see yourself in ten years?"

He was all the way across the king size bed facing the other way, so I sat down on the side facing the bathroom wall. "I can't think that far ahead. Right now I have to live for the now."

"Because of your husband?"

"It irritates me that you know about my personal life."

"Think of me as a listener, or a friend."

I laughed out loud. "I'd hardly call someone I never saw before a friend."

"People are friends online for years without meeting."

He had a point. "True, but you know this is different."

"I'm still waiting for an answer."

"Why can't I hear your voice?" If he wanted me to tell him things I was going to need to know I could trust him. How did I know that he wasn't one of my husband's friends that were in cahoots to ruin my life.

"You will in time. I promise. Right now you can't answer a question with a question. Can you not see a future because of what's going on with your husband?"

I closed my eyes and felt tears forming. This unconventional whoring job wasn't what it was cracked up to be. I think I'd rather have a client that only wanted to f**k me for two hours. At least then I wouldn't have to talk. "Yes. Are you happy now? I can't see my future because all I care about is providing a life for my kids. Do you really think I'd sell my body for money because it seemed like a great idea? I've put my life, my friendships, and all of my self-worth on the line for my kids. I'm doing this because they mean everything to me. I'd give my life to make sure they were taken care of." I was really crying. I covered my face with my hands and couldn't stop.

I felt the mattress move, and then a presence in front of me. Arms wrapped around my shoulders and he pulled me into his chest. I didn't hug the man back, but instead wept against the fabric of his shirt. "Shh."

I couldn't stop. Every person I'd ever met would stop talking to me if they knew what I was doing. I'd have nothing, including custody of my children. This was a terrible decision brought on by feeling helpless.

My mind went to Eli, and the possibility of never speaking to him again. I think that's when it really hit me how much he meant to me in such a short time. "I'm sorry. I know this isn't how you saw your morning going."

Frankie let go of me and walked over to where he'd left his computer. I heard him typing and felt annoyed again that he wouldn't speak to me. "I have one sibling and we're not very close. I learned what my mom did for a living when I was thirteen. One of her girls had gotten into some trouble and we went to the hospital after one of my sport's games. She told me to stay in the car, but I followed her. You can imagine a horny teenager seeing someone half-naked all beaten up. I peeked in the doorway and watched my mother comforting the girl, then calling the client and giving him shit. After that I rode my bike to where the laundry mat was that she ran back then. The workers never noticed me walking in, or that I'd snuck to the back room. That's when I saw her performing with a client. I'll never get the image out of my head. Even to this day it makes me cringe." I could hear him still typing and I wiped away my tears to listen to his story. "My mother was a good parent, in the sense that she'd do anything for us, but I could never agree with her choices. No matter how much money we had, what gifts she bought me, or even when she finally married and started hiring girls to do the job, I couldn't get past what she did. I never told her I knew. When I graduated high school I left for college, and promised myself that I'd never take a cent from her again. She sat me down after my schooling was over and tried to make me understand, I just couldn't. I've spent the past ten years or so building a name for myself that people can respect. I'm not associated with my mother's business or her employees, except for you."

Cybil had told me that I couldn't ask personal questions to protect his identity, but I appreciated that he was telling me all on his own. "Why me?"

"I have personal reasons."

"You're the second person that's tried to save me from myself."

"The second?"

Was this guy jealous of someone he'd never met before? "Yes. I had this friend. Actually he's my divorce lawyer. He'd been helping me, letting me work off my debt in his office. For the past two months we'd become good friends. He was my only friend." My heart ached talking about him in a past tense. "He tried to offer me money to not do this. When I declined he couldn't take it anymore. I haven't heard from him in a week, and I don't think I'm going to."

While I sat there feeling sorry for myself I heard him typing. "Do you miss him?"

"Do you even care? Obviously you didn't sign on to be my therapist. Is that what you do for a living? Are you some kind of doctor?"

"You ask a lot of questions. I wouldn't ask if I didn't care. No, I'm not a therapist, but I do like to help people. It's in my nature I guess."

"Yes," I nodded as I said it. "I miss talking to him. He used to check on me when he didn't see me, and toward the end of our friendship it felt like something was happening between us."

"Your husband is having an affair. Did you do the same with this man that's helping you?"

"We made out a couple of times, but that's it. I pushed him away because I knew he'd be disgusted with my life choices."

"You told him the truth? That's surprising."

I sighed. "Yeah. I'm not one for secrets. I need honesty, so someday I can learn to trust people. The idea of being lied to makes me sick."

The room got quiet for a moment and then I heard typing. At the same time my phone started vibrating in my purse, in the drawer. Since it was dark I felt around until I could locate the bedside table and retrieve it.

The message was from Eli and I got butterflies when I saw the fake name appear on my screen.

Can we talk later? -E

When? - L

An hour? - E

Two? - L

Okay. At my house. - E

See you then. - L

I put my phone away and apologized. "Sorry. I had to take care of that."

"Your kids?"

"No," I laughed. "It was actually my attorney."

I heard him shuffling. He typed something and stood up as it was speaking. "Will you go to see him?"

"As a matter of fact, yes, I'm going to see him in a couple hours."

"Will you make love with him?"

"Do you really want to know who I sleep with? Aren't you here to sleep with me?"

"No. I'm here to protect you, to make you feel like the woman I know you can be. If we have sex it will be because you want it, like when it happened before. I don't take advantage of women."

"Why even make me your whore? This is just a clusterfuck of confusion, if you ask me."

"I have my reasons, and they aren't something I can talk about."

"How do you know me? Do you know my husband?"

"The only thing I know about your husband is that he's a douche."

I laughed at his reply.

"Yeah. I've been blinded for a long time apparently."

"Do I make you feel uncomfortable?"

"You are the one asking a question when you haven't answered mine. How do you know me, Frankie?"

"We've met in passing."

"Would I recognize you?"

"Yes."

I was surprised that he admitted it. "Do my kids know you?"

"No."

"Are you from the diner?"

"No."

"Have we spoke?" I was trying to think of all the men I'd ever met. I wondered if he was someone that worked at the doctor's office, or possibly somewhere else. I was a mom. I ran all over the place with the kids.

"Yes."

"So I'd recognize your voice and your face?"

"Probably."

I was beginning to get creeped out. This man knew things about me, but him being mysterious made me so uneasy. I felt like when I left that he was secretly watching, or stalking me. "Did you come here today to just talk to me?"

"I feel like you needed a friend."

He was right. I did need a friend, but he wasn't who I wanted that friend to be. I wanted Eli. I needed his arms around me telling me that he forgave me for taking such huge risks. "Thank you for being kind."

"Would you like to leave early to go see your friend?"

"I can't cut our time short. It's bad enough that I'm nothing like you probably expected."

"You're exactly what I expected. You're too good for this occupation."

"Are you paying me just to get me to stop?"

"I told you that I had my own reasons for wanting you. We will have sex, and it will be because you want me as much as I want you. So the answer is no. I'm not paying you just so you'll quit. My motives are biased to my wanting you for myself."

He was kidding himself if he thought I'd sleep with him again. Sure, the last time I'd been caught up in the moment. How many times in someone's life were they seduced by two people in front of an audience, or however it ended up playing out? "You're willing to meet me every week, pay me a ton of money, when you may not get anything out of it besides a sob story about a mother who sells her body for sex to get out of her adulterous marriage."

"When you say it like that it sounds like a terrible idea."

"Well it is."

"I'm still not giving up."

"I'm wasting your time."

"Time with you is never wasted." His words made me feel special, even if the surrounding circumstances were far from that.

"I want you to get your money's worth." It was true. If I wanted to take advantage of someone with money I would have taken Eli's and stopped this disaster of a decision.

"So you're willing to sleep with me even if I'm not asking for it?"

"Well, I've already slept with you. It's not like a second or third time makes it different. Either way I slept with another man while still married to my husband. He's out doing it to me right now. As a matter of fact he's in the next town over right now at a shitty hotel f**king my neighbor as we speak. Why can't I do the same? It certainly makes me feel better about what he's doing."

"I shouldn't have f**ked you that day. I'm not that man. Seeing you naked with that girl, touching her and experiencing such pleasure turned me on. I couldn't watch you doing that without being a part of it."

I felt my body reacting to his typed words. I thought back to that day and how I couldn't control my need to be satisfied. "What kind of man are you?"

"I'm the man who pleases his woman first, who takes her places and protects her from herself. I'm the man who puts his needs second for the woman he cares about. That's who I am."

"You sound too good to be true, Frankie. Do you have a suit of armor and ride a white unicorn as well?"

He laughed and it made me laugh too. "I'd like to kiss you now. Would that be okay?"

I finally let my body fall down on the bed. My arms rested above my head and I closed my eyes, even though the room was pitch black with the exception of his computer screen. It was funny how I wanted nothing more than to see his face, but I'd sat there talking to him without even peeking behind me. I heard him closing the machine and opened my eyes to see that no light could be found. As my eyes adjusted I saw the physique of a man hovering over the bed in front of me. Instead of climbing on top of my naked body, he rested his to the side of mine. I felt his hands touching my abdomen and rising up the skin between my br**sts. He never touched them, but moved slowly up my neck, then my chin, finally stopping at my lips. His mouth went up to my ear and I heard him whispering. "Say you're mine."

This was some kind of role play. Obviously we both knew that I didn't belong to him, except one day a week between the hours of ten and twelve.

"I'm yours."

His lips brushed over mine, so slowly. At first he played with my mouth, kissing each lip separately. As I began to reciprocate, our movements intensified. We went from being side to side to me climbing on top of him. He was fully clothed, yet I was stark naked. I'd decided that between Frankie and Eli's kissing I preferred slow and passionate, over fast and forceful. I couldn't remember the last time Charlie had made me hot between the legs from only kisses, but that's exactly what was happening to me. I could feel the fire igniting, and knew that even without seeing this man's face, I could enjoy his company. I began rocking my body over his. His hands grabbed the cheeks of my ass and stopped me from moving. Then he pushed me away from kissing him. "Stop," he whispered.

I could feel his stiff erection pressing against his pants that I sat on top of. I knew it was there. I moved my body again over top of it. "I know you want me. I can feel it pressing on my pu**y. Your kisses make me crazy," I admitted.

I felt his hand touching me between my legs. Vigorously, he began rubbing my clit. My body started to grind over his and I cried out only moments later in sheer bliss. A loud groan escaped him when he realized that he'd got me off so quickly. Then he patted the side of my hips and moved me off of him. "I have to go," he whispered.

I sat up in the bed wondering what I'd done wrong. "Why? I didn't ask you to stop?"

The computer opened and his back was turned to me again. I looked up at the ceiling as I heard him typing. "If you f**k me right now, will you still f**k your friend later?"

I sat up and looked at the silhouette of him. "What the hell? Are you seriously asking me that? Are you sick or something? I've never f**ked my friend."

"So you wouldn't if he asked you to?"

I fell back on the bed and covered my face. "I don't know. He's asked me before. I just can't. I can't do this and be with him, while still legally married."

"Do you want to f**k your friend, Lily?"

I closed my eyes and thought of Eli. I thought about the way his lips felt when they kissed me. I imagined what it felt like to watch his hands exploring my body. "Yes."

"Is that all you want from him?"

I closed my eyes and thought about my friendship with Eli. We'd crossed boundaries, and even though I'd denied my feelings in the past I couldn't help but feel connected to him. I wanted him more than I'd ever wanted another man. He'd come into my life by chance, but going even a few days without hearing from him had made me crazy. "No. If things were different I'd want more."

"Thank you for your honesty."

"Are you angry with my answers?"

"No."

"You keep bringing me pleasure without release yourself. That's not how this is supposed to work."

"It's how I want it."

"We still have about an hour left. Are we going to finish what we started?"

"No. You're going to go and enjoy your day with your friend. You may think that today was a waste of time, but I got much pleasure out of getting to know you more."

I leaned back up on my elbow and faced his back. "I'm starting to feel like you're a nice man. Thank you for telling me those things today, Frankie."

"We'll talk more next week, Lily. Go into the bathroom and get cleaned up to meet your friend. By the time you come out I'll be gone. I'm going to come and kiss you now."

"Okay." I sat up and waited for him to reach me. Our lips met and he slowly pulled away. It was so weird but kissing him felt so natural. I was seriously losing my mind, or else I was just so hard up for affection that even a paying client fulfilled my needs.

Then I froze, having a thought come over me that was so utterly ridiculous that I felt stupid for saying it out loud. I stopped what we were doing. "Do you know my attorney? Do you work with him? Have I seen you at the office? Is that where we know each other from?"

He got up and walked over to his computer, typing quickly. "You know my name, Lily. Does anyone with my name work at the attorney's office?"

"No." I was being irrational.

He leaned over and kissed me on the cheek before getting up and walking out of the room, leaving me more confused than ever.

Chapter 8

After another shower and getting dressed I left the hotel and headed to Eli's house. I was so caught up in seeing him that I hadn't thought about my client at all. When I left the hotel I'd grabbed the envelope and stuck it in my purse without opening it. It still bothered me that I was being paid by someone who wanted to chit chat about my life. It made no sense to me at all, but I wasn't going to complain about not having to whore myself out. Sure, we messed around, but I didn't feel as uncomfortable as our first visit, and after finding out that he'd been the man I'd slept with during my session made me feel better about my poor choices that day. Regardless of how many times I slept with him, he only would count as one person.

I pulled up in front of Eli's house and saw that his garage door was open. After saying hello to Delilah, I walked inside and knocked on the door. Eli opened it in only a pair of shorts. His chest was bare and he had a towel around his head. "Hey. I didn't expect you so soon."

I couldn't stop looking at his naked skin. It was as if I'd become a vulture. I licked my lips, taking in his hard ni**les and the fact that he didn't have any chest hair. "I should have called."

He grabbed my arm and pulled me inside. "No. It's a good thing. I was just getting a shower because I thought I had more time. Let me go put a shirt on. The refrigerator is full if you're thirsty. My housekeeper was here yesterday."

I grabbed his hand and stopped him from walking away from me. "I'd prefer it if you left it off."

Eli got this shit-eating grin across his face. He positioned his body right in front of mine. "Is that so?"

I ran both hands up his arms, feeling like being away from him had changed something in me, or maybe it was my talk with Frankie. At any rate, I wasn't going to keep pushing the only man in my life that mattered away. "Yeah, it is."

Eli smiled. He grabbed both of my cheeks and brought me into a soft kiss. As he pulled away he rested his head against mine. "I missed you, Lily."

I reached to kiss him again. "I missed you too."

He started backing us up, kissing me the whole way, and trying to say sentences at the same time. "I'm sorry I haven't called."

"Make it up to me," I said in between feeling his tongue touching mine.

Halfway up the steps Eli picked me up and carried me the rest of the way. He sat me down in a bright lit bedroom that overlooked a forest. The shades were fully open, but there were no houses around to see us. His walls were painted a medium blue, and his white bedding impressed me. I ran my hands over the down comforter. "I like your taste in decor."

"I paid someone to decorate my house. My taste is shit, except when it comes to you."

I giggled as he climbed on top of me and showered me with affectionate pecks all over my face. Before I could even rationalize right from wrong, I reached down and unfastened his shorts, using my feet to shove them down. His erection pressed against my legs and it was only removed when he sat up to pull off my panties. My skirt lifted and he sank down on the bed until he was in position. I watched his head fall against me, and the tip of his tongue stroking over my pu**y. He sucked, flicked and lapped my sex until I cried out his name, begging him for more. Eli sat me up and removed my shirt.

I stood up on the mattress and let him finally remove the skirt. He pulled me down on my knees and sat across from me. I reached down and felt his hard c**k with my hands. The smooth skin of his erection moved as I stroked him. Eli closed his eyes to focus on my touch, and I eagerly kissed him, needing as much affection as I could get. I tried to duck down, to at least repay him for what he'd done for me, but he refused. Instead he pulled me on top of him, and lifted me to a sitting position. I could feel his bulge under my ass, and I wasn't about to stop what was about to happen. "I want you so bad."

He reached his hands up to my ni**les and squeezed them. "Say it again."

I leaned down and brushed my lips over his as I spoke. "Make love to me, Eli. Please."

He rolled us over and reached down to play with my swollen sex. "I have to get protection out of the bathroom. Don't go anywhere."

I sat up and watched him walk to the bathroom completely naked. A giggle escaped me, feeling like I was a teen again, and experiencing sex for the first time. For two months I'd gotten to know this man. He was beautiful in every way and I was tired of denying what was happening between us. Sure, the timing was horrible, and he was going to force me to stop seeing Frankie, but for the moment I didn't care about anything else. All I wanted to do was make love to Eli, and experience what it was like to be with a man who only wanted me.

When Eli returned and I saw the front of his naked physique I smiled. He was even more exquisite than the view from behind. "You're looking at me like I'm an edible arrangement."

Oh, I could eat the hell out of one of those.

I picked up my finger and motioned for him to join me.

He climbed up on the bed and bit the condom wrapper, pulling it out and applying it. We'd never discussed partners, because I'd been in denial that this was ever going to happen.

Eli got into position and kissed me passionately again. "Are you sure you want this?"

I nodded and pulled his body closer. He entered me, filling my insides with more than Charlie ever had. He also caressed my skin, and never let his lips travel far from mine. This man paid close attention to me the entire time.

When he got tired we switched positions. When I started to sweat he lifted me up and flipped me around, while standing up over the side of the bed himself. He held onto my hips and rocked me from behind. I cried out, feeling like I was going to pass out from the euphoria. I wasn't used to having sex for hours at a time, not that I was complaining.

Eli started to get close, and he flipped me around so that I was facing him. He propped my legs on either side of his chest and watched his dick as it went in and out of me. I cupped my br**sts and got off watching his face to react to what he was looking at. Seeing him cum, watching his face scrunch up while waves of pleasure overwhelmed me, and brought me my own release. I curled my toes and dug my hands into the bedding beneath me.

Finally we collapsed pretzeled together on the bed. Another thing that I wasn't used to was cuddling. Eli turned on his ceiling fan to cool us down so that holding me wasn't unbearable. He played with locks of my hair as he stared into my eyes. "I have to tell you something."

"Is it bad?"

He shrugged. "Only for my ego."

"Why?"

"One of the partners at the office gave me an enhancer to try. When I put on the condom I took it." He rubbed against me and I noticed that he was still stiff.

I laughed. "You're kidding?"

He shook his head and laughed with me. "I thought that after I came it would go down."

I wrapped my arms around his neck and licked over his lips. "We should rectify the situation."

He pulled away and looked into my eyes. I saw this seriousness wash over his face. "I love this side of you."

I giggled. "Oh yeah? What else do you love about me?"

"Everything."

My smile dissipated when I realized how serious he was. I opened my mouth to respond, but he put his finger over my lips.

"I think I'm in love with you, Lily. No, I know I am. Spending all of that time together, and building a friendship has made me want what I know I can't have. I spent my life focused on my damn career, never taking a single second for a real relationship. Then I met you, and even on that first day we met, I saw something that I knew I liked."

I felt warm liquid falling down my cheeks. Even though I couldn't say the words back, I still felt what he did. My life was just too messed up to give him false hope. "I thought you never wanted to see me again."

"Avoiding you took every ounce of energy that I had. It was a losing battle."

I reached down and started stroking him vigorously. "I'm here now, and we have the next two hours to do whatever we want to each other."

"As long as you stay naked I'm a happy man."

For the next hour Eli worked off his stiff predicament. We f**ked for so long that my pu**y ached, reminding me that this was the best sex of my life. Even my experience with Nessa couldn't compare to the emotional and physical connection that had happened with Eli.

I cozied my head up to his chest and closed my eyes, with him still inside of me. "I wish I didn't have to leave."

"I would need to leave to work every once in a while."

"That's a bummer. I suppose I need to do the same."

He sat up and backed away to be able to face me. "About that. I asked you here today because I want you to stop. I don't know what happened with you and your client, but I can't feel what I'm feeling knowing that you're still doing that, Lily."

I pulled away more. "This is why I said we needed to stay friends. You know why I'm doing it."

"Let me help you. I don't care about the money. I know you think it's some big deal, but I won't miss it. Please."

I sat up and covered myself with my hands. "Ten meets. If I see him ten more times I'll have enough to get started. The child support and alimony can kick in and I'll be good."

"No!" He raised his voice for the first time. "I'm not okay with that. I'm not okay with you sleeping with someone for money. I'll never be okay with that."

I stood up and pointed at him. "Isn't that what this is? You just slept with me and offered me money."

He stood up on the other side of the bed. "Are you f**king kidding me? I offered to help the woman that I care about. I didn't tell you to bend over and let me f**k you for money. There's a huge f**king difference."

I started grabbing my clothes. "It's the same. Either way I'm sleeping with someone to save my kids."

"I can't believe you."

I scrunched up my face and started to lose it. "I can f**k who I want, Eli. Besides, I'm not your only client that you f**k. I saw that woman that you were with the day we met. She came out of your office last week a mess. What happened? Did you trade her in because you had hopes of nailing me?"

He pointed to his door. "Get the f**k out, Lily, before I say something I'm going to regret." I was half-dressed when I made it out to my vehicle. Eli came running towards the van as I started backing out of his driveway. I only stopped because I saw the dog run near my tires. Eli appeared at the window and knocked on it until I rolled it down. "I'm sorry. You really pissed me off in there."

"This is why we shouldn't be involved, Eli."

He rested his head on my door and closed his eyes. "That girl you saw, the one you said I was f**king...She's my sister, Lily. She married someone she worked for and then caught him cheating with someone else they worked with. She's going through hell, and even though we don't get along, I agreed to help her, until I came in last week and caught her f**king my partner, who is married. I'm tired of trying to help her."

I felt like an ass**le. He obviously wasn't screwing his sister. "I'm sorry. I assumed she -."

"I get that you can't trust people, but I would never hurt you. I thought you knew that."

I cried harder. Our day was ruined. Everything I touched turned to shit. "I need to leave."

"Lily, don't. Don't leave upset."

"No matter what I do someone gets hurt. Today was beautiful. I made love to you because I wanted to. I did it because when I close my eyes and I need to smile I think of you. I didn't do it for any other reasons. This thing between us is dangerous for me. It messes with my priorities, and right now I can't afford that. You can either be my friend, or not. I'm not going to change my life right now. I have a plan and it needs to happen. I can't feel the way I do about you and be alright with accepting your money. This is my mess to get out of, Eli. I told you only because I couldn't lie to you."

He pointed to the envelope of cash sticking out of my purse on the passenger seat. "I'm guessing you got that today?" The look of disgust washed over his face. "What was today for you? Did I get some other man's sloppy f**king seconds? Is that what just happened?"

I hated him saying it. "Shut up! I wouldn't ever do that to you."

"Did you see him today, Lily? Is that where you were when I called? Were you in bed with him?"

"I was sitting on the bed, and yes he was in the room too, but it isn't like you think."

"Did you have clothes on?"

I buried my face in my hands. "Please, Eli. I am not lying to you."

I couldn't look at him. I had to leave. I started to back up again. He moved away, but started talking. "Tell me if you were naked, Lily."

Finally I turned and looked right at him, deliberately lying to his face. "I was clothed. We talked, that's it. He let me leave early so that I could be with you, because I told him everything about you."

I pulled away before he could respond. Whether I was clothed was irrelevant. I'd kissed Frankie, but that was it. The drama that came with Eli was too much for me to be able to deal with.

Even though I was so irrational, I found it to be the perfect time to drive to the hotel and spy on my husband. After taking pictures of both his and Kate's vehicles, I drove to the bus stop and picked up the kids.

Then I splurged and took them out to dinner, allowing them to order whatever they wanted. The food didn't do anything for the guilt that I was feeling, or the fact that I couldn't stop thinking about Eli.

My life was ruined. I was my own worst enemy.

For another seven days I put up with Charlie, while doing my wifely duties at home. Eli never called me, nor would he answer any of my messages or texts. I'd crushed him, and I could hope that in time he'd forgive me.

I arrived at the hotel a little before ten to meet Frankie, and after a whole week to think about choices, I'd decided that I was still going to go through with whatever charade he was playing. Unlike the times before, I went out and bought a slinky little outfit, the top fabric stopped below my br**sts, exposing them, while the crotch was open as well. I positioned myself on the back of the couch, applied my mask, and spread my legs, like a good little whore would do. With anger motivating me, I heard the door open and kept my stature.

"Good morning, Frankie."

He cleared his throat as he walked toward me. I felt his fingers start at one of my knees and go straight to my pu**y. He swiped two fingers between my folds, testing my excitement. I let my mouth open and ran my tongue over my lips. "You said that when I wanted you again, we could f**k." I over-annunciated the word to get his attention.

He groaned and laughed simultaneously, while sampling my pu**y with his fingers. He took my hand and pulled me down off of the back of the couch until I was standing on the floor in front of him. I felt his lips smacking against mine and then he shoved me down on the sofa. He spread my legs wide open and dove in, while shoving his finger in me deep and forceful. It should have scared me, but Frankie's touch always seemed to get me hot. Our sexual chemistry worked, and if I had nothing else in my life at least I would be satisfied. I heard the crackling of a condom wrapper when he lifted his face from my pu**y. He removed his fingers and lifted me up again, this time smacking my ass and unsnapping the lower part of my outfit. Fully exposed, I felt him slap my ass and then rub it out. He leaned me over more, making my ass stick up in the air. I wanted him to touch me there, and soon felt his tongue sliding between my cheeks. The idea of him licking my ass got me hot again. No man had ever touched me like Frankie and I was finally able to admit that I wanted him doing it. "You like that don't you, you dirty man. Lick it. Make me cum, Frankie."

He bent me over more and sucked my whole pu**y into his mouth. I listened to the sounds his mouth made as he began lapping me with his tongue. I could feel myself getting wetter with every stroke of his delightful tongue. With saliva as his guide he shoved a finger into my ass and started f**king me with it. His tongue still focused on my pu**y, and especially my clit. I was right there, ready to scream out into the dark room, when he stopped and flipped me over, spreading my legs into a split and moving his body in between them. I reached for his cock, grabbing it and moaning as I sunk down and shoved it into my mouth. The taste of the rubber was terrible, but I sucked on it anyway, roughly with no real pace. I had given up on morals and just wanted to become numb. I had to forget about my dreams, and focus on only my desires. I pulled his stiff c**k out of my mouth and sucked his balls, one at a time. He played with my hair as I continued stroking him with one hand while sucking on him as hard as I could. Even with the rubber between us, I felt his hot cum pouring out. He grabbed my hair and lifted me up, removing his rubber and letting the rest squirt all over my tits. I ran my hands through it and then felt him positioning himself to enter me. He wasn't wearing a rubber and it scared me. I backed away. "Protection."

"No." He said loudly for the first time. Then I froze for another reason completely. I didn't take off the mask. I should have, but I didn't. A part of me was too afraid of what I'd see.

He positioned himself again, without protection, and I moved back as far as I could on the couch. "I said protection, Frankie."

I heard him ripping the wrapper and spitting out the end. A few seconds later I felt him coming closer. Just to be safe I checked for protection, and felt satisfied that he was definitely wearing one. He smacked my clit with his cock, making me jump. Our lips met, and I tasted my pu**y on his tongue. The smell of his cum on my chest reminded me that he'd finished, but was still hard.

I got ready to say something, but he turned me around and entered me. He pulled my hair hard, forcing me to bend my neck back. I felt his lips coursing over my earlobe and then my skin. "Say my name," he whispered.

I reached up and pulled down the mask, seeing that the room was still light. He was behind me f**king me, and even though I couldn't turn to see his face, I didn't have to. I could see him in the reflection of the window, and the shock of what I thought I was seeing left me speechless. He asked again for me to say his name as he pounded himself inside of me harder. I lifted my whole body up and reached for his hands, raising them to my sensitive ni**les. I reached higher and I closed my eyes, pulling his mouth to mine. For right now I could contain what I was feeling, until I was positive what was going on. He pulled out of me and spun me around. Right away I felt the mask being placed back over my eyes. "I want to see you. I want to picture you f**king me when I leave here today." Then I added fuel to the fire to test my theory. "When I touch myself tonight I wanted to imagine it's your lips, Frankie. I'm sorry I made you wait. You were right to pick me. I want this. I want you to protect me, and I want to know the only man who can make me cum like you do."

He picked me up and carried me into the bathroom, sitting me down on the cold porcelain. I heard the water starting in the large tub, and felt him lifting me inside of it. The water was steaming hot, but I hardly noticed. He was keeping my attention by removing the outfit completely off of me. I sat down as the water rose and felt him joining me. With no words he picked me up and sat me back down over his cock. It slid right in and I immediately began riding him. The steam of the water was making me sweat. He leaned my body back against the tub wall, and washed my br**sts. He took his time pinching over my ni**les and then finally sucking them into his mouth. I arched my body and continued f**king him as he caressed my skin.

One of his hands traveled down to my pu**y. He spread my lips and I knew he was watching. The idea of it turned me on. I licked my lips. "I want to see it. I want to watch your hard c**k as it slides inside of me. Please. Isn't this what you want? I'm giving myself to you." He ran his hands up from my breast and grabbed my neck. He wasn't choking me, but it was enough pressure to be noted. I slowed, but only for a second to realize that this was pleasure. He wasn't trying to hurt me. "Oh shit. It feels so good."

He let go and lifted me up, sitting me back down so that I was reverse cowgirl. He pulled my back against his chest and squeezed my ni**les. The slap of my ass moving up and down splashed the water all around. I reached my hands backwards and ran them through his hair holding it while my body lost control. His mouth found mine as the lower part of my muscles contracted. I reached down with one hand and rubbed over my pu**y. I started to shudder, and he held me closer, still kissing me while I lost control.

When I finally was able to move, I spun myself around and kissed him hard on the lips again. Our tongue matched a pace, hungrily wanting even more than we'd already had. I started rocking my lower body again, letting him know I wasn't nearly finished. If he wanted me to be his whore, I was going to give him the f**k of his life.

I rocked my body hard over his, slamming all of my weight onto his legs. I kissed his face, his neck and then sank down, pulling my body off of his cock. I took him into my mouth, shoving it in as if I was starved for it. Rubber and the taste of my release covered my tongue. He grabbed my hair and responded with a loud moan. I pulled away and licked the tip. "Is this what you want? You want me dirty? You want me to be your whore, Eli?"

I'd been blind not to see it what was obviously right in front of me this whole time.

All of a sudden he froze. He lifted me by my hair, but didn't do anything as I lifted the mask from my eyes. I sat there, his dick still in my hand, waiting for him to say something to me. "I can explain."

"You better, because I have a handful of dick that I'm about to rip off your body."

He let go of me and put his hands in the air. "Lily, just let me talk before you freak the f**k out."

"Freak the f**k out. Are you serious? For three weeks I've been spending time playing some sick game with you. Have you no shame? You talk about f**king lying and look at you." I took my other hand and smacked him in the face, before shoving him away and climbing out of the tub.

He followed behind me, almost busting his ass on the porcelain floor. I wanted to laugh but was too freaking pissed to consider it. "Lily, you have to understand. I was protecting you."

"Protecting me from being f**ked?" I started to put on my regular clothes but he spun me around.

"I was trying to protect you from making the biggest mistake of your life."

"You, my sick and twisted friend, are the biggest mistake of my life."

I shoved him away, only to have him grab me and force me onto the bed. He held my arms as he spoke. "I'm not going to hurt you, but you need to listen to me. I'd never hurt you and you know it."

"I don't believe you, Frankie, or Eli, or whatever your name is."

"It's both. My name is Elias Franklin Polleras. My mother calls me Frankie, she always has. I took on my first name when I went to law school to become someone else. I wanted to get away from her. I told you this story already."

I thought about our last meet and all of the things he'd said to me. It was all starting to make sense. "Last week you text me while you were sitting here with me. Then you caused an argument with me over me being here, when you knew damn well what had happened. You took advantage of me."

"No, I didn't. You have to understand that when I saw you at the mansion talking to my mother I about shit myself. Of all the people for you to run into you happen to meet my mother. I confronted her that night and she assured me that she wouldn't pursue you. Then I showed up at her house again and saw your van. After that I was determined to protect you, no matter what I had to do. So you can stand there and act like I'm this piece of shit, but think about everything I've done for you, Lily. I saved you from my mother. I saved you from becoming a whore."

"You f**ked me during my first session, and made me think you were a stranger. How could you think any of that was okay?"

"I couldn't tell you that she was my mother. You needed the money, and I found a way to help you without you knowing. Don't you see, I've done all of this for you."

"Why? I'm just a woman that wants a divorce. When you walked in here today I thought you were a different man. How does it make you feel knowing that I wanted him to f**k me?"

"Clearly you're pissed at me for how we left things."

"You're damn right I am. I've tried to call you. I needed you and you weren't there, but you sure as shit showed up today."

"I never would have slept with you today. You made it too hard to resist. How was I supposed to handle walking in and seeing you spread eagle for me."

I pointed to him. "I hate you right now."

"Lily, I'm in love with you. Like it or not I'm not going anywhere. You need me, and you know it."

"I hate liars."

"You lied to me too. You told me little lies to appease me."

"You pretended to be someone else. My little lies don't even compare, you prick."

He reached in his pants that he was about to put back on. "You're right. I f**ked up, but it was the only way I knew you'd let me help you. No way I spin this is going to help me. If you want to hate me it's your damn choice, but everything I did was to protect the good woman that you've always been. Sure, you thought you were an escort. You played the part terribly, by the way. Had I been a real client your ass would have been fired the first five minutes."

"Screw you!" I tossed his shirt toward him.

"It's true."

I was shaking so badly, unable to come with an ounce of energy to see past what he'd done to me. "I'm leaving. If you try to give me money, I'll cut off your dick and serve it to your dog."

Eli watched me dress and leave the hotel room. I didn't bother waiting to watch him leave. I was so confused, hurt, and angry. I drove straight to his mother's house, eager to give her a piece of my mind.

By the time I'd arrived, I'd cried and screamed a dozen times. She greeted me at the door, already having heard what happened from her son. "Dear, this was all his idea," She confirmed.

"It doesn't matter. You both conned me. I told him before that I didn't want his money. This is bullshit!"

She motioned for me to sit down. "My son and I don't see eye to eye. He just started having dinner with me again last year. I think he only did it for his sister's sake. They don't get along either, but he's always tried to save her from whatever catastrophe she's gotten herself into. I suppose most of it is my fault. You see my daughter wanted fortune, but she didn't want to have to work. She threatened to work for someone else if I didn't give her a job. She fell in love with her first client and married him, after he divorced his wife. I told her it was a terrible idea, but she did it anyway. Now she's got kids, and she's up shit creek again."

I cocked an eyebrow. "Excuse me for being rude, but I didn't come here to talk about your daughter. I came here to tell you to not direct deposit my check like we discussed. I don't want Eli's money."

She began to laugh. "May I ask how you found out? Did my honest boy finally come clean?"

I leaned over her desk and looked her right in the eye. "It doesn't take a whore to know one man from another."

"Darling, you are the one that thought you were sleeping with both men."

She had a point. "Does it even matter? Your son is sick, and I never want to see him again. You both knew my situation."

"In his defense I can tell he did it because he cares about you. Though I don't believe in the term anymore, I'd say he was in love with you."

"So he says." I looked the other way. "I've said my peace. You can take the blood tests, the private investigators, and your threats and shove them up your ass. I'm done with you and your son."

I left the mansion without looking back, even passing Eli on the road. I didn't look back to see if he'd turned around, because I didn't care. He'd lied to me, and disgraced me when I thought he was my closest friend. I thought I loved him, but I didn't know him.

For the next two weeks I went into a state of depression. I couldn't eat, or sleep and I certainly couldn't be the mom that my kids needed me to be. Finally one night my son asked if he could talk to me. He led me into his room and locked the door behind us. For a moment I could have sworn that he was going to tell me that he got a girl pregnant. With my luck it was bound to happen when I felt like nothing else could bring me down.

He sat down on his bed next to me and grabbed my hand. "I know why you're so sad."

"Everything is fine. I'm just going through changes," I lied.

"Mom, I saw them together. I know about dad, and I know you know."

"What do you mean?"

"I know about him and Kate. I've known for a long time, and so has Violet."

I looked over at him and started to cry. "Why didn't you tell me?"

He wiped away his own tears. "Because I didn't want to believe it at first. Then I couldn't bring myself to hurt you."

"How did you find out?"

"Last year when you took my phone away I found where you would hide it. When you'd go up to bed I'd sneak down and go outside to call my girlfriend. I saw dad coming downstairs and hid behind the pool so he wouldn't catch me. I watched him sneak over to Kate's and saw them kissing before he went inside. He didn't come out for another hour, and in that time I saw her bedroom light going on and the shadow of two people. I'm not stupid."

I felt so bad for my son and my daughter. "What about Violet? Did you tell her?"

"No. A few months ago she came to me crying. She said she saw them together when she was out with one of her friends. She said they were at the movies making out. She didn't tell you she went because the movie was R rated and she knew she wasn't allowed to see it."

I played with my pants while I spoke to him, unable to look him in the eyes. "I just found out a few months ago. I didn't have the heart to tell anyone. You kids mean everything to me, and the idea of our family breaking up hurt me so much. I've been trying to find a way to get a place, for all of us to be able to start over. I don't know what to do anymore."

My son put his arm around me. He leaned his head on my shoulder. "I can get a job. Maybe I could help."

"You are sweet, but I can't ask you to help me. I'm just glad you're okay."

"Me and Violet talked about telling you. I can't look at him without wanting to punch him in the face. Seeing you so upset is what made me decide to tell you, Mom. We'll figure something out."

My son was growing into a man, and I was proud of him for being so strong. "I love you."

"I love you too. So what happens next," he asked.

"I saw a lawyer. He's helping me figure things out."

"Do you need me to be with you when you tell dad?"

"No. It's something that I need to do alone." I put my hand on his knee. "Thank you for offering."

"Are you going to be okay, Mom?"

"Yes. We're all going to be okay. I promise." It hurt me that he hated his father, but my son was old enough to make his own decisions.

I didn't know how, but I was going to find a way to make things right.

Chapter 9

Two weeks later I still hadn't made any type of effort at anything.

My monthly pay for three weeks of being a fake whore still sat in an account untouched. My tips were hidden in a shoe box where I kept high school memorabilia. I refused to spend Eli's money, but until I could see him face to face, I wasn't going to return the money.

He hadn't tried to contact me, and as much as I needed the time to think, I still missed him. He'd lied to me about so much, but somehow I understood why. It didn't change the fact that I was still angry with him, but I was able to understand his desperate attempt to save me from myself. It almost made me feel embarrassed about my last encounter. I'd given up hope on life and thought that being a whore would bring me some kind of release. It was horrible to even admit to myself. With two of my children already knowing my predicament I regretted the fact that I'd let myself stoop that low to provide for them.

I finally gained the courage to face him. I'd made a plan and was determined to see it through no matter how much it hurt me.

After going to the mall and purchasing what I needed, I was staring at myself in the mirror wearing only a pair of black leather hot pants. Even I could admit that I looked hot in them, and was proud of my figure, even though it was on the thin side. Shirtless, I walked downstairs in my tiny shorts and a pair of heels. When he spotted me I swayed my hips around, giving him a show of what he was going to be missing.

Looking at Charlie across from me only reminded me of how much I'd come to hate him. Eli may have lied, but it was to keep me an honest woman. Charlie lied because he couldn't keep his dick in his pants. There was a huge difference.

I ran my hands over my ni**les. "I sent the kids to their friends so we could talk alone."

Charlie looked up at me and smiled. He reached his hand over to grab mine, but I pulled away.

I smiled and licked over my lips, sensually drawing his attention. "How many years have you been f**king Kate, Charlie?"

He turned as white as a ghost.

"What's wrong? Cat got your tongue? Did you not think that I would ever find out? Did you think that taking a business trip to a local hotel to f**k her was a good idea? When we sat around having cookouts did you two play footsie under the table? Did you go over to her house to get some head, while I tucked our kids in bed at night?"

"Lil, I-."

I put my hands up. "Save the shit for someone who cares, because my give-a-shit gave out a long time ago, even before you gave me that lame ass story about a co-worker. Yes, you common bastard, I knew you were f**king this whole time."

"But I-."

"Save it. I'm telling you right now that our marriage is over, and it has been for a very long time. The kids and I will be moving out of this house and getting our own place. I've already met with a lawyer several times, who has provided me with enough evidence of your affair that I could take everything from you and never feel an ounce of regret."

His mouth opened, but no words came out. Then came the tears. I ignored his emotions and kept going. "You're so lucky that I didn't cut off your dick the moment I found out. You don't know how bad I wanted to watch you suffer for what you've done to me. I will never, ever forgive you for ruining our lives and breaking up our family. You did this, and there is not a damn thing you can say or do that will ever fix it. We're done, Charlie. This marriage is over and I want a divorce." I waited for it to sink in before giving him one last blow to his ego. "Oh and this body," I ran my hands over my hips as I said it. "It's never going to be yours again."

I got up, grabbed my coat and walked out of the house, unable to look at him for another second without wanting to stab him with a knife between his cheating eyes.

After getting in my van and driving around crying, I found myself parked outside of Eli's house. I started to pull away, but Delilah was outside barking and I saw his light coming on. Eli opened the front door and spotted me right away. He threw me his famous half-smile and stood there, probably wondering if I was going to pull away.

I climbed out of the vehicle, in a pair of hot pants and a long coat, and entered his yard, ignoring the dog jumping on my leg. He said nothing as I fell into his chest and began bawling. I felt him kissing my head as he held me close. "I'm sorry I came here. I didn't mean to. I was just driving and ended up here. I'm not even dressed."

"It's okay. I promise it's okay, Lily."

Eli invited me inside and got me a drink of water before sitting down next to me. "I don't know what happened, but I think there's something I need to tell you. You said no lies, and even if you don't want to be my friend, I need you to know everything."

I wiped my tears and gave him my attention. "What is it?"

"Remember when you asked me to look into your husband's affair?"

I nodded. "Yes."

"I gave you the proof like you asked, but I didn't explain why it was so easy to get it."

"Does it matter?"

"Lily, Kate's one of my mom's girls. Your husband was on the client list. They happened to be paired up, and started a relationship after that."

I felt like I was going to throw up. "What do you mean on the list? How long was he paying for escorts?"

"According to my mother's files, which I had to sneak to look at, five years."

I ran toward the bathroom, unable to contain how sick it made me feel. When hunched over the toilet vomiting, I felt Eli's presence. "I'm sorry, Lily. I planned on telling you before the divorce hearing, once I knew you were out of that house. To be honest, I pictured you killing him in his sleep a couple times."

I spit into the toilet and flushed, almost laughing at his comment. "I've thought about that once or twice."

"As your attorney I'd advise you not to."

He handed me a wet towel to wipe my mouth. "I told Charlie that I knew everything. My marriage is over and he is fully aware that I'm leaving."

My coat had opened up and Eli got a good look at what was underneath, or the lack of what was there. "What in the hell are you wearing?"

I tried to smile as if he'd think it was funny. "I was wearing this when I told him. I wanted him to know what he'd never have again."

A hint of a smile formed on the corner of his lip. "Damn. That's badass. I actually feel sorry for him."

I smacked him on the chest. "For someone that's trying to get on my good side, you're doing a terrible job."

"You're right. I'm sorry. It's just a cold blow to a man's ego, that's all. Where are you going to go?" He reached into the medicine cabinet and pulled out a toothbrush. It wasn't a regular one, but one of those dollar ones that fold up for travel. "Here, I got these from a hotel I stayed at a few years ago. I don't think they expire."

I took it out of his hand and started brushing my teeth while I spoke. "Maybe I should take the kids and go somewhere that doesn't have high dollar whores living in the suburbs."

He stood behind me and started rubbing on my shoulders. "Or you could stay here and forgive me. I mean, I've offered a dozen times to help you."

I spit out the last of the toothpaste and rinsed my mouth before addressing anything. "I didn't come here for money, Eli. I came here because -." I looked right at him, at those dark eyes staring back at me. Every feeling that he'd ever given me, every tear I'd shed on that muscular chest, every moment I spent in those strong arms were moments that I never wanted to forget.

"Tell me, Lily."

"I don't know. I was upset and the next thing I knew I was out in front of your house."

"You came here because you know it's the one place where you're completely safe from it all." He broke the short distance between us. "You came here because deep inside you know that everything I did was because I cared about you."

I hated the way he looked at me, as if he were looking right through my soul. Eli was right about me feeling safe. Even before we became friends there was something about him that screamed protector. For months I'd denied what was happening between us, meanwhile he was doing everything in his power to keep me out of trouble. He didn't want me getting involved with his mother, or the lifestyle. How could I hate him for going out of his way for me? "It's true. I want to be mad at you, but I can't."

He started to smile, but refrained. "Why is that?"

"Because whether you're Eli or Frankie there's something between us that I can't deny."

"Why else, Lily?" He put his hands on my arms and pulled me against his chest. I wanted to fall into those lips that eagerly awaited my kiss.

"Because aside from that connection there's something else."

"What?"

I gulped and closed my eyes, trying to find reasons to walk away from this beautiful man before it was too late. When I opened them he was still there waiting. "Love." I never took my eyes away from his. "I came running to you because I love you. As mad as I am at you, I can't stop it."

Eli picked me up before planting a long awaited kiss over my lips. I wrapped my legs around his waist and my arms behind his neck, allowing him to carry me up to his bedroom. Much like the last time we were together, nothing else mattered.

He wasted no time taking off his clothes and landing back on the bed with me. I'd removed my coat, but still had on the leather hot pants. He ran his hand up the ass on one side. "You're so f**king sexy, woman." Eli moved my long hair away from my face and smiled. "You make me do crazy things."

"Like being Frankie?" I smiled and ran my fingers down his chest.

"I am Frankie. It's not like I made him up. My mother and her friends have never called me Eli."

"Do you think she knew my husband was on her list when she offered me a job?"

He nodded. "I do, but she'll never admit it. In her defense she takes her business seriously. It's work, and privacy is the name of the game."

I felt so betrayed by everyone. Somehow Eli's lies were different for me. If it hadn't been for him I'd be whoring my body out to a complete stranger because I felt like it was my only option. The idea of becoming a whore, because my husband was sleeping with one made it even worse. What had he done to me? I still didn't know what I was going to do long-term, but I knew I wasn't going to do it alone. "When were you going to tell me you were you. I mean, how long did you expect me to wear that mask?"

He laughed and kissed me before answering. "I wanted to tell you from the first moment, but I knew you wouldn't take my money, and you certainly wouldn't have wanted to be my friend."

"So you manipulated me?" I wasn't offended, but more teasing him to make him feel guilty. My hands massaged the skin on his chest as he hovered over me, rubbing the inside of my thighs.

"When you put it that way, I suppose. In my defense I just wanted to get into your pants as fast as I could. Being two people assured it would happen."

I smacked his chest and laughed with him. "Shut up."

"Lily, when I found out you were thinking about working for my mother I lost my shit. She gave me no other choice than to play her at her own game. If I couldn't stop her from hiring you, I was determined to be your only client. My decision was premeditated. I had to find a solution before she could do it behind my back. She promised me that she wouldn't do that session shit with you, and I walked in on it happening."

I felt bad for that. Knowing he cared about me, and saw me with those two people couldn't have felt good. "I'm sorry. You need to understand that I was desperate. I was trying to find a way out."

"Yeah, well I offered to help you."

"I wasn't taking your money," I argued.

"Lily, nothing in that room was about money, not from what I saw."

My cheeks burned. I felt so embarrassed.

"Don't change the subject. I'm not taking your money." He kissed me, so passionately that I almost forgot what we were talking about. He knew it too.

"And now?" We kissed again before he finished. "Will you please let me help you?"

He was winning this battle with sexual persuasion. "You went to extremes for me, Eli. Do I have a choice?" I laughed thinking about what his next plan would be to win me over.

"No."

"I knew you were special when you licked my ass." I said it serious, but immediately burst into laughter. Eli's face turned red as he laughed with me.

He grabbed my arms and held me down while he hovered over me. "I needed to be the best you ever had, plus I had to go to extremes to make you think I was someone different. Do you know how hard it was to try to kiss you two distinct ways?"

"There were still similarities."

"Like what?"

I smiled and ran my fingers over his lips. "Like the way your mouth felt when it pressed against mine." We kissed again, this time mingling our tongues for a spell. "Or the way you worry about me." He moved his lips to my chin and down lower to suck on my nipple. I ran my hand through his dark hair and watched him. "Or the way you ripped open the condom wrapper with your teeth and spit out the plastic." I felt his fingers rubbing over the leather pants between my legs. "Or the way you make me cum, like nobody else ever has." My breathing was out of control. The pants needed to come off.

He continued rubbing my pu**y over the pants. I heard a groan come from deep inside of him. "I need you to do something for me."

He reached up and licked my tongue as it came out to meet his. We were so in sync with everything we did. "Anything."

"Stand up and let me get a look at you with nothing but those shoes and shorts."

A wave of heat shot between my legs as I stood up determined to show Eli what he wanted to see. It was hard standing on his mattress in heels and he saw it immediately. "Okay, kick them off before you break a limb."

I kicked my shoes to the floor and kept standing there, watching him staring up at me. Eli shifted on the bed, placing his head on a pillow and stretching his long legs out the whole length of the mattress. I kept my hands over my ni**les and put my feet on either side of his legs, facing his feet. My hands moved down until he grabbed the underneath of my shorts and lifted, so the bottom of my ass was revealed. I heard him groan and knew I had all of his attention. "You like what you see, counselor?"

"Bend that ass over. You know it's my favorite."

I bent over, running my hands up his legs, while giving him a full view of my ass in the shorts. I could feel how tight they were against my skin, especially in the crotch area. The pressure turned me on and I sat up only to start swaying my hips around. "What now?"

"I'm not sure if I want you to take them off, or keep bending over."

I smacked both of my ass cheeks and started pulling down the shorts enough to where my crack was visible. "Mmm, don't you want to see it without the shorts?"

He laughed as he spoke. "Keep teasing me with that ass, and I'll cut you off from what you like the most."

I knew what he was talking about and thinking about it still gave me chills. He could eat pu**y like no other, and I couldn't believe that I was going to experience it again and again. I turned to face him and played with my tits, shaking them and tickling the ends while he watched me. I watched him biting on his lip, staring at me touching myself. "There's only one problem that I see here."

"What's that?" He immediately asked.

I shimmied out of the shorts and tossed them off the bed before sinking down over top of his body to straddle him. I started rocking my ass, to get a rise out of his already stiff cock. "I'm not sure whether I want Frankie to f**k me, or Eli to make love to me."

He sat up and filled my lips with a kiss that I'd never forget. As he pulled away a smile was all I could see. "How much time do we have?"

I teased his lips with my nipple, watching his tongue come out and flick it. "The kids are all staying at friends, and I'm definitely not going back home without them." I reached in his pants and started stroking him. "I thought you may want me to stay here, in bed, with you."

"Yeah, I want." We kissed again, this time more animalistic. I was hungry for him, so much that I wanted it rough. We'd been through an ordeal and I for one, needed to unwind. "I'm going to f**k you all night, and then make love to you all morning."

I stroked him harder, rubbing my pu**y over my fist full of c**k as I worked it. Hearing him saying that to me turned me on, sending shivers down my spine and directly to my pulsating clit. "Yeah? I bet I'm going to love every minute of it."

He grabbed my ass cheeks and helped me grind over him. I looked down to see him take one hand and spread me open. I kept rubbing my crotch over his pants, almost to the brink of ecstasy. "Sit on my face, Lily. I need your pu**y now."

I wasted no time scooting up to where he wanted me. Eli reached up and spread me open again, flicking my clit with his tongue. He kept backing away, looking up to see if I was watching him. "I could get used to this."

"How so?" I dug my hand into his thick hair and shoved him back against me.

He licked me once before answering. "You should stay here more often." He held onto my ass while going to town on my pu**y. I felt him lapping it up as if he were starved. I came immediately, arching my body back while waves of pleasure overwhelmed me. Eli wiped off his face and lowered me until we were looking at each other again. "Take the money I gave you and rent that first house you liked. It's got plenty of room for you and the kids and it's five minutes away. When they go to their friends, or even to see their dad, you can stay here, or I'll come there. If you need to sneak and see me then we'll take our dogs for a walk and meet halfway."

I smiled and watched him taking my hand raising it to his lips. "You're not going to let me give it back are you?"

He shook his head. "No. I never will. Everything I did was because I love you. Even if you're mad at me forever for what I did, you know it's the truth. I've never met a woman like you, someone who was willing to sell her soul to the devil for the wellbeing of her kids. You're so brave and diligent. When I look into your eyes I see a woman who puts everyone else before herself. I see a woman who has the potential to be whatever she wants, but settles for what she already has. I see someone who is not only beautiful, but has compassion. Your husband must have been blind; because there is no way in hell I'd ever consider being with anyone else if I already had you."

I was utterly speechless. Eli was always a good man, even when he was being bad. He was my hero, and I'd never know how to repay him for everything he did for me. "I walked into that office looking for a divorce that day, but instead I got you."

"I've never loved my job so much in my life."

"You're the best lawyer that no money can buy," I teased.

"You're probably going to have to fire me, though. Because when you walk into that court room to get your divorce, I'm going to need to be your boyfriend and not your lawyer."

I kissed him while smiling. "You're so fired then."

"Best decision you ever made. Now where were we?"

"I think you were about to give me the Frankie special. How long can you last before you need a break? Got any more of those pills?"

He laughed and shook his head. "I think I can keep up without them."

"My record before that was maybe ten minutes."

"Now that's pathetic." He laughed some more. "I will not stop until you're satisfied. I can promise you that."

"My vagina hurts for days after being with you," I admitted. "It's so intense."

"So you thought about me then?"

"I did." I ran my hand down between his legs until I reached what I was looking for. His stiff erection filled my hand and I immediately began stroking it. "I thought about you when I was lying in my bed trying to sleep. Then again when I was naked in the shower touching myself. I thought about the way you eat my pu**y, and how you made me cum over and over again. I thought about our first time, and how even though I didn't know you, I still wanted you to f**k me, because I knew it would feel so good." I stroked him harder. He moaned and closed his eyes. "You want to know the best part?"

"What?" He whispered.

"I knew it was you that day almost immediately, and I didn't tell you because I knew I wanted you to f**k me first. I had to have it, even if it was our last time together." My breathing was starting to increase as I talked about being intimate with him. Though my day had been filled with pain, all I could think about was being in bed with him again and everything else that was going to happen with our relationship.

"You're making me crazy." He swallowed hard and fought to look at me as he spoke. "God, I can't get that picture out of my head. Walking into that room that day and seeing you spread wide for me, it was f**king sexy."

I slid down in the bed and took him into my mouth. "Describe it to me while I make you cum."

Eli closed his eyes and only spoke for a couple seconds. His attention was on one thing, and I was going to make damn sure it was something he'd never forget.

Chapter 10

6 months later

"Mom, dad's here. I just heard the horn honk." Violet announced as she and her sister grabbed their bags for the weekend.

At the same time Eli came walking through the front door with Samson and Delilah on leashes. Why he thought it was a good idea to introduce them was beyond me. All they did was sniff each other's butts. "Your dad's here."

"We heard him," Opal replied.

"Have a good weekend," he said as she passed him.

"Don't forget that Sunday night you promised to take us out to that wing place," she added.

"I haven't forgotten."

Introducing Eli to the kids went easier than I expected it to. I waited until we were settled into the new house, though I think they all suspected that there was someone in my life. It never took me an hour to walk the dog before, and I certainly didn't need to run out for milk every single night.

Besides, once I was out of the house, Kate put hers up for sale. Apparently she had to quit her job, according to Charlie, which really meant she stopped whoring herself out. She moved in with him a week after I got my things from the house.

Even though the kids knew they were a couple, it still wasn't easy on them. My son, bless his heart, asked me when I was going to start dating again. I couldn't lie to him about it, and told him all about my special friend who had helped me through the hardest time of my life. I didn't need to give him details, because he was content with knowing that when they visited their dad I wasn't sitting home alone. In fact, I had a very handsome boyfriend who went out of his way to love me.

We watched the girls leave the house, and knew my son wouldn't be home from his weekend getaway with his girlfriend until Sunday night. Eli waved to Charlie, even though they refused to speak to one another. I think in some ways he liked rubbing it in that I was his.

"We have the house to ourselves."

Eli walked over and put his arms around my waist. "Are you hungry?"

"A little. I need to do a weekend post before I do anything else. You know I can't focus when they're all hanging around. I've got a ton of emails to sort through to pick which ones I'm going to feature in Sunday's ad."

Eli, being the smart guy that he was, came up with an idea for me to make money the legal way. His friend from college was the editor of a major newspaper publication, who also was in the middle of going almost totally digital. In doing so he was looking for new ideas to add to the website to draw in new readers. Eli came up with this idea, running it by me before he even pitched it to his friend. After they'd met he took me out to dinner to give me the news. His friend wanted me to be a part of a new addition that would feature advice from real people. He'd gathered a bunch of us, some victims of crimes, while others like me suffered betrayal and other scenarios. Together we formed a group called, Helping You Help Yourself. The coolest part was that we got to pick names to use and of course Eli chose mine to be Lustly, for two reasons. The first was that my advice was about relationships and sex, and the second was that neither of us wanted to forget what we went through to get to where we were.

Eli helped me each weekend select the question that I'd answer and together we'd come up with helpful solutions to even the worst of situations. We were amazed at how many people wrote in each week, and even more how our advice was helping people with their problems, especially the ones struggling with infidelity. Eli's years of experience, and my firsthand knowledge gave us an advantage, which wasn't always spot on, but most definitely gave someone hope.

The pay sucked for the most part, but it at least paid for groceries. My filing job at the attorneys' office became something more when one of the front girls decided to move out of state. They didn't even post an ad in the paper to look for someone. Eli came home and announced that I was part of the team, though knowing him he paid her to find another job, so he could take care of me without another argument.

Ironically, after only being separated for six months, Charlie was already paying me without a court order. Eli said it was because he knew the judge would have him paying double what we'd already agreed upon, based on his salary. Not that it mattered. After being with Eli for only six months he'd already hinted to me that we only needed one house. The kids loved him, and they knew we slept over at each other's houses anyway. Since his house was the bigger of the two, we'd discussed me and the kids moving in with him.

I still hadn't told Charlie, not that I cared about his opinion. We barely spoke to each other, and sometimes I even wondered how I loved him for so long. We hadn't been on the same page for years. Sure, there was a time when I would have taken him for everything he was worth, but Eli changed that. I couldn't be bitter when I was happier than I could ever remember being. Charlie's affair had led me to Eli, and looking back I knew I wouldn't change it even if I could.

While Eli cooked us a fancy dinner, I finished up everything on the computer, finally closing out with what I said almost every weekend when the kids weren't home.

So if you ever need advice on marriage, divorce, or even sex, write to Lustly. I'll get back to you as soon as I'm done spending the weekend with my amazing boyfriend, Eli, and our dogs, Samson and Delilah. Thanks for reading xoxo.

I felt his arms coming around the front of my shoulders. "You almost done?"

"Just finished. I'm all yours."

I spun around and met his lips for a kiss. "Dinner's ready."

"Let's take a bath after we eat. We'll bring the wine and light some candles."

"I was thinking you could wear the hot pants again."

I smacked him lightly on the chest. "I'm going to burn the hot pants. Better yet, I'm going to have them framed with Lustly written across the ass. You can hang them over your bed and remember the time when you were my only client." I drug my lips over his and felt him start to smile.

"How about you wear them one more time. I need to memorize how that ass of yours fills them up."

I grabbed the collar to his shirt and pulled him into a kiss that was probably going to land us in bed. "Speaking of my ass."

He laughed against my lips. "I thought once I had you all for myself I wouldn't have to pull out my secret tricks."

"Those tricks of yours will never get old."

Dinner was going to have to wait. I had a pair of leather shorts to put on, and Eli, well let's just say he had his work cut out for him.

The End

