Part 1

Thanksgiving with the Mitchell's

Hosted By: Colt and Savanna

Chapter 1

Savanna

Before I married Colt, I'd spent most of my holidays with my small immediate family. Sometimes we wouldn't even make a whole turkey for Thanksgiving, since it was just the three of us. Back when I dated Ty, I would go over to his house, if he wasn't with his family in Kentucky. I'd never had the heart to ask to go with him on account of my parents having to spend the holidays alone.

It was probably a good thing I didn't go, because just looking at Colt made me all kinds of crazy and everything could have turned out completely different if I'd made a fool out of myself when Colt just thought I was some scrawny kid.

Now that we were married, holidays had become such a big deal to me. I loved his larger family and how they all came and wanted to spend time together. They had even welcomed my parents into the family so that I never had to choose between families.

I have to admit that the first Christmas was awkward being around Ty, since we'd just broken up, but that's what happens when you decide to date your ex's cousin. It only took us all a few months before we were back to being the closest of friends and now that we were officially family, it made everything perfect. It was much easier since we had the kids and with our third one growing inside of my stomach, the importance of family meant the world to me.

Normally, Ty and Miranda would bring the kids down once a month to visit, or we would go there, but since Bella's birthday party, everyone had been too busy. Months had gone by and I found myself counting down the days to see our cousins and their kids.

Their little twins were the cutest babies. Not only were they identical, but they looked like their father so much. Jake, who was born bigger than Jax, was now the same size. He seemed to favor Miranda's attention, where Jax was all about his daddy. Their dark hair and brown eyes made it seem like Miranda had nothing to do with their conception. It was funny seeing them as a family though. Bella made them all fit together. Since she looked identical to her mother, it was only fitting that the boys were Ty's little clones. Although, he liked to call them spawns.

Our little Christian was a true mix of her father and I. Of course, like her brother, Noah, she had ended up with Colt's eyes. Their whole family had such dark eyelashes that they always looked like they were wearing makeup, so naturally it made my daughter even more beautiful. Her hair was getting long and she was walking all over the place. Her first birthday was getting close and I couldn't wait to plan the big event.

Christian had been such a blessing to Colt and I. Noah fell in love with his sister instantly and he liked being around her. Of course, if you threw in someone his age, then she didn't exist at all.

It was really nice having my mother-in-law so close to us. She and Lucy were just across the ranch and ever since Colt had taken over the managing of the business, his mother was left to enjoy her life to the fullest. Of course, that meant she bought our children whatever their little hearts desired. Poor Christian could barely say 'dada' but she was wearing designer baby clothes. I was hoping that the baby was going to be another girl so that she could wear all of her sister's cool clothes, but if it was a boy, I knew I'd have bags and bags from the twins.

After I had cleaned up dinner, I found my husband in his office. Aside from his new Facebook addiction, where he and Ty constantly bantered on, he liked to play online poker. I walked up behind him and wrapped my arms around his shoulders. "What is my handsome man doing in this quiet office all by himself?"

He grabbed one of my hands and pulled me around until he could tug me to fall down on his lap. "Waitin' for you." Colt kissed me once before turning his attention back to the computer screen. Let out a sigh before I turned around to see what had him so interested. Of course, he was shopping for college fan gear that happened to include Kentucky and North Carolina teams.

"You aren't?" Since the twins were born, Colt had joked that he was going to dress them in different teams and take their picture. It was an ongoing joke up until this very moment.

"I already did. In fact, I just printed off the receipt."

"Ty's going to love this one." Knowing Ty, he would end up thinking it was pretty cool. It was Miranda who would think Colt was an idiot.

I leaned into my husband once more and could smell the bourbon on his breath. The small glass sat empty on the coaster. Sometimes, when the weather got cold, Colt would have bourbon to warm himself up before bed. It relaxed him and seemed to help him fall asleep faster. All it did for me was keep me up. He seemed to snore a lot more when he drank it. I picked up the glass and sighed. He started to laugh. "Are you askin' me if I want another glass?"

I rolled my eyes. "No! I am reminding you that I will be smacking the crap out of you if your snoring keeps me up again tonight."

"It ain't that bad, Darlin. Besides, you know it makes me frisky. He reached his hands around to my ass and squeezed my cheeks. "You feelin' frisky tonight too?"

I thought about my night.

I'd made dinner, which included hand breaded pork chops, homemade applesauce and homemade mashed potatoes. Aside from my normal dishes, I also had to wash the mixer and the extra bowls I used to make the applesauce. After getting the dishes done, Christian crapped up the back of her pajamas and needed a bath to get clean. Once I got her out, she decided that she was hungry again, so while I made her food, Noah got into the tub. After feeding our daughter, I got her a bottle and laid her down for bed, while Noah fought with me over which of his favorite character pajamas he wanted to wear.

I hadn't looked at myself in a mirror since about noon and I was covered in every kind of food that my hands had touched all day, not to mention the foreign stains of things I didn't even want to know what they were.

I looked at Colt and smiled. "My frisky went out the door with my hairbrush and makeup, days ago."

He ran his hands through my hair. "I think you're gorgeous."

"I think you just want me naked." I went to run my hands up Colt's chest, when the office door creaked open.

Noah stood there in his pajamas and a pair of cowboy boots. "Hey Dad, can you come tuck me in. I found that story about the boy and the alligator."

He patted me on the butt and lifted me off of his lap. "Sure Buddy, give Mom a kiss goodnight."

Noah walked up to me and kissed me. I noticed right away that his lips tasted like bubble gum. "Wow, someone just brushed his teeth with superhero toothpaste."

He opened his eyes wide. "How did you know that, Mom?"

I grabbed him in for another hug. "Because Moms know everything."

Noah stood there with wide eyes. He went running up to the bathroom so fast that I couldn't help but know he had done something. By the time I got into his bathroom, he was flushing the toilet. He turned to face me, but put his hands behind his back and looked down. "Noah, what are you doing?"

He shrugged his shoulders but wouldn't answer.

"You better start talking, young man, or I will have to get your father." Threatening to get Colt was like telling him that Santa wasn't real. It was devastating.

"No, Mom, please don't tell Dad." He looked down and shook his head. "I accidentally dropped a couple marbles in the toilet."

I walked over to the toilet and looked inside. Sure enough, at the bottom of the toilet were at least twenty marbles of all different sizes. Since the toilet was still running, I knew he had already flushed it.

We both leaned in and took another look. I turned my head toward my son as he turned to look at me. "So how many did you get to flush?" He shrugged again and I watched his face turning red. "Where is the bag that was full of marbles?" I asked because I knew I couldn't figure out how many were missing. He had just got a bag of thirty new ones at the store with his grandmother.

Noah pulled the bag out of his pocket and right away I knew it was empty. I grabbed it out of his hand anyway.

"Noah, where are the rest?"

He took his index finger and pointed in the toilet. Without speaking I looked in the toilet again. Half were already down the drain. I shook my head. "Why did you put the marbles in the toilet?"

"It was an accident."

I put down the toilet seat and sat on it. "Noah, this wasn't an accident. If it was an accident then the bag would be in the toilet too. I think you dumped the marbles in there. You better start telling me the truth right now."

"I was just trying to get the underwear to flush. I thought if I put the marbles in the water they would help the underwear go down the drain."

Oh shit! He flushed his underwear. Wait! What?

I heard Colt cussing from downstairs and I got up to see what the fuss was about. He was standing in the laundry room as brown liquid was coming out of the drain of the utility tub. I put my hand over my mouth, knowing exactly what was going to happen next. "The septic is backing up. We need to call the guy to come out and get this fixed. Don't turn on the water at all until I can get someone out here." The smell of fecal matter filled my pregnant nostrils and I immediately wanted to vomit. "Didn't we just have the tank cleaned out a few months ago?"

I held my nose. "Yeah."

"Well, what the hell could be causing this backup?"

A pair of underwear and a pack of marbles........

"I'll call the septic guy." I hurried out of the room before he could ask me any questions.

"We need to get this fixed before everyone shows up; otherwise we will need to move Thanksgiving back to Mom's house." Colt's words made me sad. This was my first time making dinner at our house. The whole family was coming and I was so excited about it. The last thing I wanted was to have to move dinner because of a drain problem.

Since I knew that the family was coming in the morning, I had to find a septic guy that could fix our problem immediately. Just one accidental flush and we'd be looking at new carpet. I was mad at my son, but I was also afraid of what his punishment was going to be once his father found out what he'd put down the drain.

Once I got a hold of a company, I went into my son's room and found him pouting on his bed. "Are you going to explain to me why you flushed a pair of underwear down the toilet?"

"I heard you saying that you had all of the laundry in the house done, so when something bad happened, I just flushed them."

"Something bad? What are you talking about, child?"

"I sharted." Now, I wasn't sure what was more shocking. The fact that my child said the word or that he knew what it was.

"You what?" I just needed to hear it once more, in case I was losing my mind.

"I sharted and got poop in my underwear. I didn't want you to be mad at me." He looked down at his bed and traced the fabric. "It wouldn't go down, so I put the marbles on it to make it heavier."

"Stop saying that word, Noah. That isn't a nice word."

He looked really afraid. "Are you going to tell Dad?"

I threw my hands up in the air. "I don't know what to do. I mean, the whole family will be here tomorrow and you have now clogged up all of the drains with marbles and underwear. There is no telling how much it is going to cost us. Why would you do something like that? You know better and who taught you the word 'shart'?"

Some little kid at school was really going to pay...

"Uncle Ty."

Chapter 2

Colt

After paying out the ass for someone to make a service call after hours, to unclog my son's underwear from our plumbing, Noah sat on the couch waiting for me. He knew he was in deep shit and refused to even look at me.

"Son, why would you do something like that?"

He shrugged his shoulders and said nothing.

"Look at me when I'm talkin' to you."

Noah looked up, but was still sniffling from when the serviceman came inside with a pair of little boy underwear and a handful of marbles. He knew right there, his secret had been revealed. I could have guessed as much. Christian was too small to flush a toilet and Savanna and I would never have done something like that.

"Noah, you just cost your mother and I a lot of money. I just want to know why you chose the toilet. Why didn't you just throw them in the trash?"

Savanna came up behind me and tapped me on the shoulder. "He didn't want us to know that he had an accident."

An accident? He was almost six years old. "Was he sick to his stomach?"

Savanna held her hands up like she had no clue why he'd done it. We both looked over at Noah. "I wasn't sick, I just sharted."

"Sharted? What the..? What is a shart?" Apparently I was getting too old for all these new terms.

My wife put her hand over her mouth, unable to contain her laughter. Obviously, it was something I should have known. "Colt, Babe, think about the word."

Before I could take her advice, my son started talking. "Dad, it's when you fart and you accidentally shit yourself." He just sat there with his head down, like he hadn't used profanity in front of his mother and I."

"Boy, get your ass up into that bathroom, now!" Noah started crying and stomped up to the bathroom. Before following him, I turned around to see my wife hunched over, laughing even harder than before. "What?"

"Before you punish him, I think you need to ask him where he learned that from."

I started walking up the steps, but stopped halfway. "Was it you?"

She shook her head and let out a few more cackles. "Of course not! Just ask your son. It makes everything even funnier."

I was so pissed at Noah that I wasn't even thinking about where he learned the word and its meaning. He was sitting on the edge of his tub, probably praying that I was going to forget he was in there. As I walked into the room, I saw him trying to scoot further away from me. I reached behind my son and grabbed the bar of soap. He looked up at me and I saw the tears in his eyes. "When I was your age, I said a bad word in front of my mother. Your granddaddy drug me up to the bathroom and washed my mouth out with soap. Do you understand why I'm doin' this?"

"But Uncle Ty said...."

"What? Wait!" I pulled the soap away from my son's face. "Did he tell you to say that word?"

He shrugged his little shoulders. "I heard him ask Uncle Conner if he'd done it. Then I asked him what it was. Dad, I didn't know it was a bad word, I swear. Please don't make me eat the soap. I don't even like the smell of flowers."

I leaned back against the sink and shook my head. I was going to kick my cousin's ass when they arrived. "Go downstairs with your mother, kid."

"You mean, I'm not in trouble?"

I patted him on the head. "I will let this one slide, but the next time you will be sittin' here with this bar of soap, you understand?"

He shook his head. "Yes, Sir."

Later that night, I found myself trying to get some paperwork done before the family started arriving. My in-laws were going to be staying with us, so I just wanted to be able to take a few days off without any interruptions.

My computer chimed that I had a message, so I went on the screen to check it. It was Ty.

We should be there around eleven in the morning.

Plan on getting your ass kicked.

Why the hell would you do that?

Because you're an ass**le.

Screw you Colt! I didn't do anything to you.

Teaching my son curse words????? Yeah, you suck!

THIS IS MIRANDA! So what word did he teach him?

Shart.

That's not even what he considers bad.

I'm still kicking his ass.

He say's bring it on.

See you around eleven.

Ty say's he loves you and can't wait!

Those two couldn't be serious for even a second.

Savanna came walking into the office a few minutes later. "Hey, Babe, I took care of all the invoices earlier. What are you still doing in here?" She came around the desk and sat on my lap. Her little belly was starting to really pop out and I couldn't help rubbing it every second I got.

"I was just making sure we could have a few days without interruptions. I made sure the new batch of chickens isn't comin' in until next week. I gave everyone off the day after Thanksgiving, so they could be with their families. Conner said he would give me a hand while he's here and I'm sure Ty will help too, if anything comes up." I kept rubbing her belly. "How is my little one treating their Momma today?"

"This one in my belly isn't giving me any problems, but Christian is being difficult. I think she's going to end up sleeping in our bed again."

With Savanna sitting on my lap and feeling her ass grinding into me, the last thing I wanted to hear was that we were going to have a child sleeping between us. Christian had been going through something and her schedule was all sorts of messed up. In order for Savanna and I to be coherent the next morning, we started putting her in bed with us. Of course, now the child preferred sleeping in our bed, over her own. I brought my hands up from her belly to her br**sts and cupped them in both of my hands. She leaned back against my body. "I was kinda hopin' to have some alone time with my wife before the house fills up."

Savanna looked up into my eyes and ran her hand over the stubble on my cheeks. "We're alone right now."

Her blue eyes told me everything I wanted to know. Because she was sitting with her back against my chest, I lifted her off of me and backed her up against the desk. With one swift lift, she was sitting on the edge of it, facing me. I wheeled my office chair in between her legs, spreading her open for me.

Savanna's arms wrapped around me and her lips found mine. We didn't have very much alone time, so moments like this were taken very seriously. Her tongue vigorously stroked mine and I could hear soft moans escaping her little mouth. My chair creaked as I ran my hands up my wife's thighs, tugging down her panties. She pulled her face back away from mine to watch me.

I stood up from the chair to unfasten my belt. Before I could get to my jeans, she was already unbuttoning them. "We better be fast before she wakes back up." Her finger brushed over my lips and she traced them with it. I watched her bite her lip. It made me lick and bite mine. I leaned my forehead against hers.

I let out a chuckle and ran my hand up the back of my wife's head. "There ain't never enough time for me to do all the things I want to do to you."

Savanna grabbed the collar to my shirt. She pulled me even closer into our kiss while holding me tightly as her lips drug over mine. Her soft tongue played with my bottom lip before she bit it. I finally paused for her to pull off my shirt and our mouths only separated for second as it left my head. Savanna slowly kissed my chin, while I held my head back and absorbed how amazing her tongue felt, as she drug it against my neck. With both of her hands she began feeling my chest, paying close attention to my ni**les. When she reached them she pinched them both while nibbling on my throat.

My wife wanted me and I was going to have her right there on the desk. Once her panties were off of her ankles it was easy for me to slide my finger inside of her sexy warmth. I heard her soft moans as they vibrated off of my neck. Savanna brought her hands around to my back and dug her nails into my skin as I pulled out my finger and thrusted my hard c**k inside of her. I knew my length was sometimes difficult for her to take at first, and it was confirmed when she cried out into the room. I slowed my pace and let the moisture build inside of her, before I got into my groove. After the third thrust, her body was accepting me, begging me for more.

I found my wife's lips again as I leaned her back down on the desk, over top of everything that was on it. Her legs were easy for me to grab and sit on my shoulders. With her body lying there in front of me, I pushed up her shirt to reveal her supple br**sts. My hand cupped one of them as I closed my eyes and let myself focus on the burning heat of my orgasm. I held it until I could feel her muscles tightening around my dick and then I let myself go, finally collapsing over top of my wife.

A distant cry broke our moment as we both began searching for our clothes. It was only a matter of time before she woke up her brother and sent him looking for us. For someone that promised to be a big helper, he ended up being a big complainer. The boy could not stand it when his sister cried.

Before Savanna went running out of the office and up the stairs, she leaned over and gave me one quick kiss. Our times of being able to make love for hours were in the past unless we actually left the kids and went somewhere. Sometimes I missed it, but other times, it made me think of how happy I was with the kids. Savanna had once said she wanted eleven children. I would give that woman anything she wanted as long as I had her by my side.

After turning out all of the lights and checking on Noah, who was sound asleep, I found my wife in our bed with a very awake little girl. She was almost one and was getting into anything she could reach. Our king size bed couldn't keep her occupied for very long. Her bright eyes lit up when she saw me walking in. Savanna liked to tease me about the kids only looking like me. Noah wasn't her biological child, but she was hoping that Christian would at least have something of hers. Instead, my son and daughter could have been twins. I don't think Savanna really minded, but she liked to tease.

I had never put my shirt back on, but started unhooking my jeans before climbing into our bed. Christian was almost to the edge of the bed by the time I reached her. I scooped her up and held her above my head. "There's my princess. What are you doin' awake? Don't you know that Mommy needs sleep too?"

I brought her down to my chest and felt her slippery kisses touching my lips. Her palm slapped against my cheek as she giggled. "Dada."

Her little mouth of six total teeth cut a smile. I looked over to my wife and saw her rolling her eyes. She started to get up. "Darlin' just get yourself some rest. This little terror and I need some alone time anyway."

I closed the door behind us and we headed back downstairs. Since Savanna's parents were due in the morning, it was best if she was awake when they arrived. I was much better at going without sleep than my wife. She had a real grumpy streak when she wanted to. Now, for me, it was cute, but for others, it wasn't so much.

We no sooner made it to the last step when I felt something grumble against my hand. Of course, my daughter looked up at me and smiled as she scrunched her face and continued to poop in her diaper. Oh for shit's sake! "Girl, if you weren't the cutest thing." I shook my head and turned back around to head up to her room where the diapers were. "I guess you're tellin' Daddy it's goin' to be a long night."

I don't know why, but the child only had explosions when she was under my care.

Chapter 3

Savanna

I woke up at around three in the morning to find myself alone in my bed. I climbed out of bed and went searching for my husband, who I knew had fallen asleep in some random place. Every time he took Christian so I could sleep, they ended up falling asleep in a chair, or on the couch. Sure enough, I found my husband snoring away with a little girl lying flat against his chest. There was no way I could have slept to that noise, but Christian seemed to really be soothed by it.

Now, the problem with waking Colt to come up to bed, was the chance that it would also wake our daughter. While he opened his mouth to let out his next growling snore, I reached down and put my lips against his. He startled immediately and opened his eyes. I pulled back in time to see him making sure Christian was secure in his arms. It was little things like that that made me appreciate how much of a great father he was.

I held my finger up to my lips to remind him to not say anything. Colt sat up slowly and we were able to walk Christian up to her bedroom without waking her. As we climbed into bed, Colt grabbed me and pulled me into his arms. "See you in a few hours, Darlin'."

Morning came too fast, as did a screaming baby. Noah, who was going to be six at the beginning of the year, liked to think he could safely get his sister out of her crib by himself. Now, Colt and I would love to think that he could do it, but it still made us nervous when he did it. Before I could climb out of bed to attend to our daughter, Noah came walking in the room with her in his arms.

"Look, Chris, here's Mommy and Daddy."

I held out my arms for my daughter. She leaned over with little tear filled eyes and immediately stopped crying. "Noah, run downstairs and get Mom a bottle. Do you remember how to do it?" Colt was just making sure.

"Yeah, Dad, I am almost six ya know. Besides, Mom put a sticker on the button on the microwave. All I have to do is touch it."

"Don't forget to take the nipple off first." Colt shook his head as I threw in that last reminder.

We heard Noah go running down the stairs and then a giant crash. Colt was out of bed, before I could even blink. By the time I made it down the stairs with Christian in my arms, Colt had Noah in his arms and was carrying him to the couch. "Tell me where it hurts, Bud."

Noah was screeching in pain. He was using his one arm to point to his other one. Colt went to touch it and Noah screamed louder, causing his sister to begin crying. Colt stood up and came over to where I was standing. "Do you need some ice?"

He shook his head. "His wrist is already turning purple. I'm going to have to run him to the emergency room to get an x-ray."

I turned around to start getting us ready. "Just give me ten minutes."

Colt grabbed my arm and stopped me. "I can take him myself. It's not a big deal. Besides, the family will be here in a few hours. There's no tellin' how long it will take. Just take care of Christian and I will call you when I know somethin'."

Colt ran upstairs and came back down five minutes later fully dressed. He wrapped a coat around Noah. As he picked him up to carry him out to the car, I rushed to his side. "Noah, you're going to be fine. I love you."

He cried out and tried to reach for me. "Mommy!"

I knew he was in terrible pain to call me Mommy. There was no way in hell I was letting Colt take our son to the hospital without me and Colt knew it as soon as he looked me in the eye. He slouched his shoulders and carried Noah back to the couch. "Well come on then, get yourself dressed so we can get this kid looked at."

I started running up the steps. "Call your mother and have her come here."

I threw on a pair of sweats and one of Colt's hoodies and changed Christian's diaper. As I was walking down the stairs, I heard a car pulling up out front. My mother-in-law came running in the house. I didn't let her talk as I handed her Christian. "She needs to eat her cereal and drink a whole bottle. She has a fresh diaper and we will call you as soon as we know something."

She knew the drill, since she'd raised a little boy herself. With one child situated we rushed the other one as fast as we could to the hospital.

Three hours later, we were driving home with one unhappy child. He broke his wrist in two places and had to wear a cast up to his elbow. Since this was his second cast, he already knew what color he wanted and who was going to sign it.

We pulled into the ranch and saw my parent's car in front of the house. Noah, who had pouted the whole way home, started getting all hyper in the backseat. I think before Colt had the car into park, our son was jumping out of the back. My father came running off the porch and met him halfway. He picked him up and spun him around.

My mother was content to stay on the porch swing with Christian on her lap and Colt's mom at her side. They waved to us as we got out of the car. Colt walked up behind me and massaged my shoulders as we approached the house.

Once we all got inside, it became chaotic. My mother missed us and when she came to visit, she kind of took over. Since I appreciated the help and someone to keep Christian occupied, I never complained about it. Hell, if she wanted to stay up all night with my daughter, it would have been fine with me.

I heard my son scream and went flying for the front door. Ty came busting in the door with two child carriers and a diaper bag strap hanging from his mouth. He tried to smile, while the bag clung to his teeth. When I saw him pucker his lips, I gave a disgusted face and took the two baby carriers from him instead of the bag. As soon as I bent over to sit down the carriers, he had grabbed me from behind and swung me around for a hug. "Oh, Van, I am so glad to see you. Miranda said if she had to be in the car with me for another second she was going to rip out my tongue. Do you have any idea how traumatized I would be?"

I pushed him away from me and reached my arms out for Miranda. She was laughing and shaking her head. "He found a station that played all Christmas music. For the past six hours it's all I've heard. Not to mention, he sang every single song at the top of his lungs, even over the boys screaming in the backseat. Did you know my husband knows every single word to Feliz Navidad? He even turned down the volume and sang. Just imagine how awful it was?"

I'd heard Ty's attempts at singing. Colt had been gifted with a beautiful voice, but Ty, not so much. I started to laugh just imagining him belting out the lyrics to that song while Miranda smacked him with everything she could to get him to stop. "I would have threatened to walk the rest of the way."

"I did. He didn't believe I would do it, so I had reverted to sexual favors."

"Oh my God, while the kids were in the car?" Nothing would shock me when it came to the two of them.

Miranda gave me a dirty look. "Of course not!"

"You never know with you two." We both laughed and headed into the kitchen with the other women. The table was already filled with pies that the ladies had made before they came. My kitchen was big, but not big enough for all the women to crowd inside of.

Colt's mom leaned into my shoulder. "Are you sure you want to do this here? We can bring everything over to the main house."

I gave her a wide eyed smile. "I'm sure, but thank you. You know I appreciate everything you're doing to help out."

She came over and hugged me. "I love you so much. You're the only daughter I will ever have."

If I could have picked one mother-in-law out of every mother in the entire world, I would have chosen Colt's mom. She was the most giving and honest woman I knew. She loved her family and did everything she could to make sure everyone was happy. "Thanks. I love you too."

Ty came in the kitchen carrying yet another dessert. He winked at me as he sat it down and pointed to it. Right in the center was a spot where the plastic wrap had been ripped open. Upon further inspection, he began to laugh. "You don't want to know."

I knew he was referring to that movie where the guy had sex with the pie. I rolled my eyes. "Keep it up and I will feed that shit to Sam."

"I worked so HARD on it." The way he said the word hard made his aunt and mother-in-law turn around and give him the evil eye. My mother just shook her head and rolled her eyes. She'd known Ty for too long to take anything he said serious.

Commotion caught our attention as we made our way out to the living room to greet Ty's parents and Conner. I felt bad that he had to ride with them the whole way. I can't imagine the conversations and how bored he must have been. He came right in and started hugging everybody, finally getting to me last. "Hey there hot stuff, how you feelin'?"

"Good, still a little tired. How are things with you? Are you seeing anyone?" Conner needed a woman.

He smiled and looked around the room. "You know I can't kiss and tell." He walked away with a wink and left me more curious.

Before I knew it, the house was filled with all kinds of commotion. The kids were running around like maniacs while the little ones were being passed around like hot potatoes. The twins were the cutest little boys and I wanted to stop entertaining everyone so I could have a turn with them.

Bella grabbed one of them and began lugging him around. She was so petite that it was hard for her to carry him. Miranda went running to his rescue and grabbed the poor baby up. "Bella, you know you are not allowed to carry your brothers around."

"But I wanted to play house with Noah and they were going to be the kids." She looked thoroughly disappointed with her hands on her hips.

Ty came walking over. "Iz, what did your mother say?"

She put her little head down and headed up the stairs, without a baby. "Okay, Daddy."

Miranda was standing next to me as Ty came up behind her, burying his head into her neck. "Who needs turkey when my wife smells like this. Sometimes I could just eat her skin."

She giggled and pushed him away. "Ty, cut it out. They already think all we do is have sex."

"So what? I think that's pretty freaking awesome." He would have thought that, considering that half of his brain was attached to the head of his penis.

I gave him a dirty look and started to walk away. He grabbed me by the arm and pulled me back. "Don't forget about my pie. I made it myself. I want to watch you eat it."

"Is that supposed to make me want to eat it? I'm not getting near that." There was no way in hell I was eating a pie that he made, and had poked a hole in.

"You will eat it. I'll make you."

Colt came up behind Ty and took out his knees, sending him tumbling to the floor in front of me. By the time he regained his composure, the whole room was laughing. Of course, instead of directing his anger and revenge against Colt, he looked at me and winked. "It's on, sweet thang!"

It was at that moment when I started to regret taking on Thanksgiving with the whole family. I looked around my house and felt like the walls were closing in.

How was I going to pull this off without going insane?

Chapter 4

Colt

Hunting was a big deal to my family. Maybe it was a southern thing, but we took it very serious. The month before, we'd go out and get the newest in camouflage and fill the feeders in the woods and fields with corn. I even went as far as to set up motion activated cameras next to my two tree stands to monitor activity.

Rifle season was always two days after Thanksgiving, so it was always a family affair. Now, for as long as my family had owned the farm, hunting was a man only hobby, but Miranda had changed that. When she and Conner moved to the farm, after they lost their father, they insisted that they both go. We used to tease her, up until she shot this big ass buck with only a bow. Her kill shot was damn near perfect and she never let us live it down.

Since she was pregnant the year before, Ty hadn't wanted her to hunt, but this year she was ready and none of us were going to talk her out of it.

A few days before the season started, we would all go out and get our stands ready. Normally we all used the same one, well except for Ty, who made it a point to switch stands every darn year. None of us cared, but one day he was going to be mistaken for a deer and be sorry. Conner kept laughing behind his back, claiming his own wife would be the one to take him out in some tragic hunting accident. I'm pretty sure he was joking, but with Conner, well you never could really tell.

For the most part, everyone came prepared with their own equipment, but Savanna's father had never been interested in the sport and was just learning. I had him watching hunting shows at home and we went out and practiced shooting the rifle at targets. He was such a calm man and Savanna joked and said that she didn't think he could ever kill anything himself. She said he was just doing it for me. Whatever the case was, I wanted him to have the best experience possible.

While all of the females, except my cousin, worked on food preparations and kid duty, we took the Gators out into the woods to get our spots ready.

Conner came out of the house wearing camo from head to toe. If I didn't know that half of his closet was camouflage I would have made fun of him, but it was true, the kid loved wearing it. Since he didn't go to college and had always worked on the farm, he was more southern than any of us. That boy wouldn't be able to survive in the city. He needed to be surrounded by livestock and tractors.

Since I had to show Savanna's father around, Conner and I couldn't ride together like we normally did. He and John hopped on a separate Gator and started on their way. I spotted Ty and Miranda coming out of the house hand in hand and knew that them riding together was a bad idea. They definitely weren't going for the deer. Luckily, my uncle came walking out of the house and jumped on the back of the Gator with them. Miranda and my uncle waved, while Ty let his tongue hang out and flipped us the middle finger. I didn't know if my wife's parents were ever a fan of Ty when they were together, but they sure did get a kick out of him now.

When I got him situated and showed him where he was going to be posted, we drove around to check on everyone else. We came up to John first. He was taking his hunting spot serious and making sure his camera was facing in the right direction. He walked over and showed us a picture he had caught from the night before of a nice eight pointer.

Since Conner's spot was further away, he had the Gator. We drove John in his direction so he didn't have to wait for his ride. While approaching Conner's stand, we saw a doe all by herself and one running away toward a thicket. Conner was standing in the middle of the field talking on his cell phone. He must have had to walk all around that field to find one bar of cellular service, but it was obviously working for him. He was standing there smiling and I could tell right away that he fancied whoever he was talking to. He waved at us when we pulled up, but turned around and kept talking.

I climbed off the Gator and approached my cousin. Sure enough, he was talking to a female. I could tell from the way his voice was that he was sweet talking. I grabbed him on the shoulder, causing him to turn around and look at me. "Hey, you ready to head back?"

He put his hand over the phone. "Just give me a minute."

"You want me to take John back?"

He smiled. "Yeah, if you don't mind. Do me a favor and don't mention that it was because I was on the phone. I don't need anyone in my business." Conner was being nasty, but his secretiveness made me more curious.

"Sure thing. You should have invited her to dinner."

Conner shook his head, but kept his hand over the phone. "Yeah, it's not like that. Can we talk about it later?"

I walked away shaking my head. "Yeah, see you then."

I wasn't so much worried about Conner using drugs, but this mysterious relationship could be because the person he was seeing was using them. I needed to make sure my cousin wasn't making a big mistake and getting himself into trouble.

When I got back to the Gator the two guys were talking about the deer on the camera. "Looks like he's stayin' awhile. Let's go check on everyone else then head back."

Now, Ty's dad was no fool. The man knew how to hunt anything. He and my father would go all over the place on hunting trips.

A few years back he took us to South Africa. It was wild and amazing and something I don't think any of us will ever forget. There was also the part where they eat fish for breakfast, which is something my Kentucky family could never imagine doing. Besides the fish, we met the nicest families and they welcomed us into their homes. Like our family business, taking people on guided hunts was their business. They had other employees, but it was mostly run by family. At night we would sit out at the campfire and they would tell stories until it was time for bed. You want to talk about drinkers, well they could drink us all under the table and keep on trucking. I didn't know what the secret was, but they knew it.

My uncle was leaning against a tree as we approached him. He gave us a nod and started walking in our direction. "I'm all set out here. Where's the lovebirds? You seen them yet?"

"We saved them for last. Figured you might want to catch a ride with us instead." I didn't have to say out loud what I thought Ty and Miranda were doing. They had twins at home, it would only be natural for them to savor every second they had alone.

He laughed and jumped right on the back. "Sounds like a better idea than seeing my son with his pants around his ankles."

We skipped going in the direction of Ty and Miranda's spots and headed back. I expected them to take a while, but after we texted them that we were all together, they came out of the woods about five minutes after us. Conner finally showed up an hour later and seemed to be in rare form. He was uneasy and was trying to avoid me at all costs.

We all grabbed a plate of hot food and warmed our stomachs with some homemade turkey soup. I didn't know about my wife, but I loved having my family together in my house. I'd built it for this very reason and seeing my own children filling it, just made me light up inside.

I know she did it to make it easier on us, but my mother and Ty's parents went up to the main house and Karen and John went back to her place. Savanna's parents went on a walk together, while Conner, Ty, Miranda and the kids sat around with us. It was crazy how much those boys looked like their father. What made it more crazy was how Ty had ran his mouth about having super sperm. It turned out, he did. Us Mitchell boys produced some fine looking children, if I do say so myself.

As we sat there relaxing, I knew it was only a matter of time before my cousin started up with his bantering. I was thankful he waited until the girls went into the kitchen. "So, how does it feel to have knocked up your wife again. Two kids in diapers sucks donkey dick."

I let out a cackle and noticed Conner trying to avoid contact with me. "Unlike you, I don't worry about the diaper part. In fact, if my wife wants eleven kids, she can have them."

I should have kept my mouth shut, but of course, I had forgotten for a brief moment, who I was talking to. "Eleven kids? Do you have any idea how saggy her tits will be? Oh my God, Dude, they will be flat pancakes and sag to her knees. She won't even have to wear underwear, cause they will cover up her...."

I held up my hands, silently pleading for him to stop. "Seriously? Don't go there. My wife will kick my ass if I have to kick your ass before dinner tomorrow."

"No need to kick anyone's ass, not that you could, but I'm just stating the truth." He cocked his eyebrow and chuckled. When one of his boys started to cry, Ty got right up and met his wife halfway there. I turned around to watch them fighting over who was going to take their son, who according to the colored shirt, was Jax.

Ty won the battle and carried his son to sit back down. He immediately started changing his diaper while Miranda brought him all the necessary things. Once he was done, she sat beside him and covered herself up so that she could feed him. My simple minded cousin ducked his head under the blanket to take a peek at his wife's br**sts.

I heard Conner groan from across the room and started laughing. "How do you live with them?"

He put up his hands and just shook his head. "I ask myself that same question every single day."

"So who's this girl you're talking to?" I had no idea that my question would get the response that it did. The room fell so silent and I knew, without a doubt, that I'd caused an uproar.

Conner looked at Ty, while Miranda looked at her brother. "What girl, Conner? It better not be who I think it is." Miranda scrunched up her face and if she wasn't feeding her child, might have just attacked her brother.

"What are you talkin' about? I'm not seein' anyone. Colt is mistaken. I was talkin' on the phone to an old friend, that's all." Conner pulled off his camouflage hat and ran his hands through his hair.

Miranda held out her hand. "Gimme your phone."

"No!"

"Conner, I'm not goin' to ask again. If you make me put this baby down, there will be hell to pay." It was so funny how little Miranda could scare her brother. As he continued to refuse, she became more disgruntled over it. "If you can't show me your phone then I already know the answer. Why do you have to keep pursuing this? She doesn't want you and she's married. Leave it alone!"

Ty started laughing and I looked at all of them before turning all of my attention to Conner. "Married? Now what would you want to get involved with a married woman for? Are you askin' to have your ass beat?"

"It ain't like that, Cuz. My sister has a vivid imagination, that's all."

Miranda pointed at her brother. "You know that's not the truth. If I find out you are sleepin' with her, I will kick your ass and ship you back here."

Ty wrapped his arm around Miranda. "Baby, calm down. Your brother is a grown man. If he wants to bang married women and be hunted down by their pissed off husbands, well that's his problem, not ours."

"You better shut up and start takin' my side." Conner and I let out a laugh while Ty avoided looking at us.

"Randa, seriously just drop it. There ain't nothin' for you to even worry about."

Miranda handed Jax to Ty and got herself situated before standing up and getting in her brother's face. "You have no idea what her husband is capable of. It ain't about the married thing as much as it's about both of your safety. There are so many other available women out there. Just let it go. Please."

Conner began to laugh and shake his head. "I'm not goin' to explain myself, Randa. Amy and I are friends. I know she's married and I know exactly what the situation is like, so don't go threatening me over it."

Ty stood up with Jax in his arms and got in the middle of them. "How about we talk about something else? I mean, before you all started this shit, we were talking about saggy tits. I'd much rather talk about them than this."

I stood up and walked into the kitchen with nothing left to say.

Chapter 5

Savanna

I woke up Thanksgiving morning to a quiet house and cuddled up next to my sexy husband. We didn't get many moments where we were alone, so I decided to take advantage of it. My parents were sleeping in the room next to Christians, so I knew if she woke up that one of them would get her and be fine with not having to wake up me and Colt. Noah had went with his cousin to spend the night at the main house. Lucy would surely make them something to eat at the crack of dawn, since they couldn't wait for anyone else.

Colt was sleeping with one arm on his bare stomach and the other one positioned over his head. I pulled the sheets down to reveal his boxers that were revealing a bit more than they should be. I chuckled to myself when I thought about what I wanted to do to my sleeping stud.

I slid down, pulling the covers with me. Colt once told me that there was nothing like waking up to a blow job. I'd only ever done it when he was sleeping once and after he sat up in the bed freaking out, he finally settled to enjoy it.

I ran my hands up his thighs to let him know it was me and I was awake. As his hands moved and felt around for my body, he sat up and discovered I was already positioned between his legs. He moved them around my body in order for me to be more comfortable and I slowly looked into his eyes as I pulled his boxers down enough for his large morning erection to be inches away from my mouth.

My pregnant belly was always a challenge during lovemaking, but my wonderful husband grabbed a couple of pillows for me to be comfortable. As I took him into my mouth I let out a little air filled laugh.

He gave me the pillows so I wouldn't have to stop halfway into it.

One of my hands worked his balls, smoothly rubbing them, as my other stroked along with my mouth. I felt Colt's hands in my hair and could hear his deep groans as I steadied a good pace. I never really loved doing it, but I did love how much my husband enjoyed it. I looked up at him while I licked the tip and took it back into my mouth. My saliva added the perfect friction and within moments he was pulling me up to his mouth.

"I didn't expect to wake up to that," he teased.

I kissed his lips slowly. "Carpe diem."

"Yeah, I'll be seizin' somethin'." He flipped me on my back and climbed on top of me. "I'd ask how you're feelin', but somethin' tells me I already know."

Colt placed gentle kisses into my neck before finding the lobe of my ear. I gasped as he tugged on it with his teeth. His hot breath tickled inside my ear just as I felt his hand sliding down between my legs. He didn't waste any time tugging down my panties and letting them hang on one of my ankles. With no time to spare, he positioned himself on top of me and leaned down to place soft kisses between my br**sts. His fingers slid over my ni**les and he pinched them before letting go. I could feel a tickling sensation moving through me each time his coarse hands rubbed over my sensitive br**sts.

I let out a gasp as Colt entered me, filling me with his enormous erection. It took several thrusts for the pain to subside and the erotic bliss to begin. It never took me long to come, considering the size of my husband. Once he was inside of me, just small movements were enough for him to hit my sweet spot and send me screaming his name. With a house full of family I kept my screams to a soft whine as I felt myself letting go. Colt continued to enter me and thrust his body against mine. I watched his eyes close as he concentrated on what he was working towards. I couldn't help but reach around and grab his ass, as I intertwined our legs for a tighter connection. The thrusting let off a smacking sound and soon I felt my husband tightening up as he released and fell on the bed beside me.

We'd no sooner caught our breaths, when my phone started to ring. I rolled over and reached for my phone that was on the night stand. An unavailable number was being displayed, but I answered it anyway.

Hello

Hello Ma'am, this is Benjamin Dover from the electric company. We received a call earlier this morning that your refrigerator wouldn't stop running. Do you know anything about that? The southern voiced guy seemed very professional.

No, I have family visiting, but I don't see why they would have called without telling me. Hang on, I can go down and check on the fridge.

After throwing on a robe, I headed down to the kitchen as Colt threw his hands in the air wondering what I was doing. Sure enough, the refrigerator was running, but it wasn't anything out of the ordinary. It needed to run to stay cold.

"Sir, it is running, but I don't understand what you need me to do now."

A loud voice filled the room, causing me to jump. "YOU BETTER GO CATCH IT." Ty stood in front of me, almost in tears with his cell phone in his hand.

I smacked him on the chest. "You have horrible timing, you ass**le."

He grabbed my chin and I quickly pulled away. "Don't get pissed. It was Miranda's idea. We stayed up late talking about prank calling people we knew. I made her wait to call you, but we already got her Mom and Conner in the middle of the night."

"How did you manage to do that and get up with the boys?"

He grabbed a banana and started peeling it. "Are you kidding? They barely ever get up. Miranda has super milk that makes them sleep all night long. Sometimes she even lets me have some when I can't sleep. I fall right asleep on her tit."

I pushed him out of my way and shook my head. "You're seriously sick in the head."

"I get that a lot!"

As he ate his banana and got on my last nerve, I started making a mental list of everything I needed to do before the big dinner. The first thing on my list was to get Ty out of the kitchen, otherwise we would all be having peanut butter and jelly.

I sat down at the table just shaking my head. Ty was busy making fun of me the whole time. I couldn't believe how gullible I had been to believe anything that happened when Ty was always playing jokes on me. In fact, it seemed that he was brushing off on Miranda, causing her to do random pranks whenever she could think of one.

"What are you doing here so early?"

He sighed and shook his head. "Woke up with a big problem."

"Ty, I am seriously not in the mood for any penis jokes this early."

He held his hands up in he air. " As much as I'd like to joke about my dick, that isn't what I came here for. You see, Miranda and I sorta messed around while we were in the woods and we woke up with chiggers all over our legs........and well, it's even on some other important parts." He got all serious while I covered my mouth to control my own laughter. Ty held up his index finger. "Please don't tell Colt. I don't feel like hearing his shit."

A deep voice filled the room. "Don't tell me what?"

"Oh hell!" Ty sat down and put his hands in his face. "This is why I came here and didn't ask your mother for the fingernail polish."

Colt and I laughed. Even I knew that when you went out into the woods you had a chance of getting those little pesky microscopic bugs on your ankles and legs. If you didn't come home and shower right away, the after effects of them biting could be unbearable, to say the least. Obviously, Ty and Miranda were too busy rolling around in the woods yesterday to think about anything like that. I could only imagine where they had them.

Colt had gotten them last year after taking Noah out hunting for squirrel. They killed about five and skinned them before coming in to shower. I forget what else happened, but we ended up having to do something before they could get washed up. The next day the two of them were itching something fierce. Colt was in better shape than our son, who cried as he discovered the tiny little blistered bites all up his legs. The two of them continued to itch themselves until they were raw.

It took five days for the itching to completely go away and I don't think either of them had ever gone out into those woods without getting a shower immediately when they came inside. The fact that Ty had them that bad, was just funny to me, where I think my husband had a bit more compassion.

"Did ya'll shower yet?" Colt still couldn't contain the grin from showing on his face.

"Yeah, we showered last night. I swore it was too cold for them to be out, but damn if I wasn't wrong."

It was obvious that he had come for the clear fingernail polish. For some reason the old wives tale did seem to stop the spreading and some of the itching.

"Dude, I woke up and the shit was all over my balls." Ty started itching his crotch, just as my mother came walking in with Christian in her arms.

She refused to make eye contact with any of us as she walked over to the fridge and pulled out a bottle. When I approached her, she shook her head, but said not one single word. I grabbed the bottle of pumped breast milk out of her hand and put it in the warmer. Christian reached her hands out for her Uncle Ty and I could tell it aggravated my mom. She was a little smothering when she visited her grandchildren and hated to share her time with other adults. Ty leaned over and kissed his niece, before he and Colt walked out of the room.

As soon as they were gone, my mother began whispering. " What was that about? I don't think it is appropriate for you to be talking about Tyler's body parts like you four do."

"Mom, it's not like that at all. Ty and Miranda got chiggers out in the woods yesterday. He came over to get some fingernail polish to stop the spread of them. We don't talk about our body parts and even if we did, it would only be a joke. We're friends and family. I know you think our relationships are weird, but we all love each other."

When the bottle warmer chimed that it was ready, my mother grabbed the bottle and started feeding Christian. I was surprised she hadn't screamed for her bottle while she waited like she normally did.

"I know you all have a special connection to each other. I guess it is just hard for me to understand it from the outside. You and Tyler have such a history. It amazes me that you can joke around and not ever be offended. I guess it's the fact that you're family."

"Yeah, I don't know what it is, but I love them very much and I couldn't imagine my life without them."

Since I hadn't had any coffee and already had two serious conversations, I decided to go get the polish so at least Ty could get back to the main house. At any second Noah and Bella would be barging through the door demanding to do something they shouldn't be asking to do. I looked over at the coffee pot before heading up to my bathroom to find the fingernail polish.

Now, my nails were naturally long and everyone knew that I had them professionally done, so clearly it would have made sense for me to keep clear fingernail polish in the house. The truth was that I had over a dozen bottles of clear, but when I thought about Ty and where he said he had them, I grabbed the bright pink and headed downstairs.

He gave me a dirty look as I handed him the pink colored bottle. "What the hell is this?"

I shrugged my shoulders. " It's all I have. I'm sure your balls don't care what color the polish is."

"Bullshit. They are complaining already."

I scrunched up my nose. "If you itch that bad, you will take what you can get. Now, if you don't mind, I'm making my husband and I some coffee. I'll see you a little later, well, after you've polished up your balls."

"You're evil woman! I'm taking a picture to show you how I decorate them."

Thankfully, Ty walked out of the house before he could provide me with more visuals than I would ever want to imagine.

Colt came in and reached his arms around me. "Thank you for this morning, Darlin."

I twisted my body around and wrapped my arms around his neck. " You never have to thank me for that. I love being with you."

A loud noise at the kitchen door got our attention. Noah and Bella were racing for the door and had knocked over the entire turkey fryer full of grease. Colt ran out in bare feet to try to control the mess, while I checked on the kids. "Are you both okay?"

"Please don't be mad, Mom. Me and Bells were racin'. We didn't mean to knock it over."

Colt looked seriously pissed, but I turned my body away from him and faced the children. "You need to be more careful, but I'm not mad at you. I didn't want to fry the turkeys anyway. Just don't tell Dad." I winked at both of them and they smiled back at me. "Did you already have breakfast?"

They had already started walking in the house. "Yeah, Lucy made us pancakes. Grandma said that her and Grandpop will take us out for a ride in the woods after breakfast."

I grabbed my hyper son by the back of his shirt. "Noah, I don't even think that Grandpop is awake and Grandma is feeding your sister."

I saw him turn to Bella. "Now what are we going to do?"

"Let's build a fort in your room." Bella was swinging her body as she talked. She was such a happy little girl.

The two of them ran up the stairs on a mission.

A little while later, I went upstairs to check on them because it was way too quiet for the two of them. When I walked into Noah's room, all I could see was blankets and sheets. His mattress was the only thing left on his bed. I thought that maybe they heard me coming and were hiding, but after pulling most of the blankets down from where they were positioned I realized they were not in the room.

As I started to head to the playroom, I heard a loud thump that sounded like it was coming from the roof. I bolted back into Noah's room and pushed open his window. Before I could call their names, I was attacked by something white, hitting me in the face. When I used my hands to clear my vision, I noticed that it was feathers and more were falling.

"Keep doing it, it's workin'." I heard my son announce.

"My pillow doesn't have any left." Bella's little voice sounded like it was right above the dormer.

I turned my body and looked up to see the two of them sitting on the roof like it was no big deal, while shaking the feathers out of their pillows. "Noah Mitchell, get your tail in this window this minute!" I held my arms out as two sad little kids came sliding down the roof to the window. "What were you thinking. You already have a cast; you could have broken your neck!"

Colt rushed into the room. "What's goin' on?"

"I just caught these two playing on the roof."

Colt started heading toward Noah and I knew he wanted to punish him good. Bella started crying and threw herself in between them. "Please don't beat us Uncle Colt. We were just trying to make it snow."

Colt looked back at me and held his hands up in the air. I knelt down in front of the kids. "If either of you would have fallen off that roof you would have been killed. This will never happen again! Do you both understand me?"

They put their little heads down and nodded them.

"Get your tails downstairs. Your butts are not to go anywhere unless you ask me first, got it?" Colt meant business and Noah knew it.

He and Bella started following Colt down the stairs as I followed behind them. "Sorry Mom."

I put my hands on his shoulders. "Please don't ever do something like that again. I don't know what I would do if something happened to the two of you. Now unless you want to not see each other very often, you need to start making better decisions when you are together. You are both old enough to have known not to go out that window."

"Told you Noah!" Bella pushed him.

She didn't have to say that for me to know it was all his idea. He had gotten the idea from some Disney channel show he watched last week. When we watched it, I'd even considered reminding him that it was a horrible idea, but I'd made the mistake thinking my son knew better, obviously he was a Mitchell and they made their own rules up as they went.

I walked into the kitchen and saw it was only ten in the morning and I started to think that maybe having Thanksgiving dinner was a bad idea.

What else could possibly go wrong?

Chapter 6

Colt

After knocking over the damn turkey fryer and then climbing out his window and playing on the roof, my son was definitely on my bad side. It never failed, when he and Bella got together there was bound to be some kind of drama, or injury. I don't think they even realized the severity of what they had done. In both circumstances they could have seriously been hurt or even killed. Suppose that fryer had been on, or if one of them fell off the roof.

Thankfully, Ty and Miranda took the news the same as I did. They took Bella into one of the rooms upstairs and really let her have it. I knew they were just as afraid as I was. Bella came down the stairs in tears, still sobbing loudly, like she had been spanked and I knew more than anyone that Ty could never do that to his daughter.

Between my mother and my Aunt Karen, the twins were being lugged around like baby dolls. Savanna's mother was no better. Since she'd arrived, I hadn't got to spend any time with my baby girl. My father-in-law loved hanging out with Noah and since he and Bella were always a package deal, he was used to appeasing the two of them. Because going with him would keep them safer than if they were alone, I decided to let them off of their restriction for a little while.

Savanna and Miranda were in the kitchen trying to get the two turkeys ready. Since the store was too far away and all of the oil was now laying in the backyard, we had to take one of the turkeys to my mother's to cook. Lucy was already on standby waiting for one of us guys to deliver it to her. Last year, Savanna had discovered those oven bags that you cook with. I was skeptical, but it produced the most moist turkey, aside from the fryer, and cooked in half the normal baking time.

Once the two women got the first turkey in a bag, Ty and Conner took it over to the main house. Savanna got the remaining turkey in the oven and rubbed her hands together. I patted my wife on the ass. "Looks like the most important part of the meal is taken care of."

"Yep, and half the side dishes just need to be heated. I'd say we were off to a good start."

I looked out into the living room and laughed. "As long as nothing else goes wrong."

I knew that my wife was on one of her missions to get everything done in time for dinner, so I leaned over and kissed her before heading back to the living room.

Once the football games started, the men congregated in front of the television, while the women hung out in the kitchen. Of course, my mother's kitchen was a whole lot bigger than ours. I think since my mother still wanted to be the host, she and my aunt were staying at the other house to prepare more food, to help Savanna without getting on her nerves. It wasn't like my wife was going to turn down the help. She knew she was getting in over her head with our family.

The guys started filling the room when it got closer to kickoff and I could smell Savanna's jalapeno poppers cooking in the oven. Leave it to my wife to think of football snacks when she was running around in crazy mode already. Miranda was there to help her, so Ty and I were on baby duty.

My father-in-law had just gotten back and the kids were all rallied up about what they had discovered on the nature adventure. Savanna's dad rolled his eyes as the children went into vivid detail about their travels. I particularly liked hearing the part where my son said he saw where a buck had scraped a tree and noted where I could find it. Even though I was still upset with him from earlier, I was more than pleased that my son loved to hunt. I couldn't help but smile and pull him in for a hug.

Once the game got started, us men couldn't help but get rowdy. Just as an eighty yard punt return was in the making, Miranda came in with a giant tray of piping hot snacks. My father-in-law went to stand up and throw his arms in the air over a flag not being called and instead smacked the tray of hot food, causing it to fly up into the air and attack everyone as it fell and made contact with everything and everyone in the room.

Miranda scrambled to pick up the mess as Bella began screaming that a hot pepper filled with cream cheese was on her. Instead of shaking it off her arm, she began screaming and holding it out for everyone to see. Ty, who was already holding one of his sons, scooted down and managed to remove the burning hot food. He maneuvered his son in one arm, while sticking his daughter's arm in his mouth to sooth the burn. Real tears were pouring out of her eyes and while I felt horrible for her, someone else caught my attention.

Savanna's father was standing a few feet away from me. His head was covered in cream cheese filled peppers and other items that had been on the tray. He was trying his best to remove everything without making a huge mess, but it was utterly impossible to do. Miranda started grabbing the peppers off of his burnt head and apologizing.

I started laughing even after I got dirty looks for it. It was just so comical.

My poor wife walked into the room seconds later with her hand over her mouth and a baby on her hip. "Oh my God! What happened?"

I calmed down. "Don't go worryin' your pretty little head over it. We will get it all cleaned up and it will be fine."

She approached her father. "Dad, are you okay?" Her eyes were huge as she assessed the damage for herself.

"Yeah, I will be fine. The worst case scenario is that I bald prematurely." He threw her a wink as she tried to help all of us get the mass of the mess cleaned up.

The second round of snacks were colder and easier to clean up if they got tossed around. Conner and John came in with a bowl full of cheese dip and chips and you would have thought that none of us had eaten for a week.

Ty's boys were down for a nap and Christian was being occupied by her Grandpop. Noah came walking over asking if he and Bella could play alone in the playroom. When Savanna heard him asking, she went running into the office and brought out some feathers and construction paper. "Why don't the two of you make turkeys and decorate them with feathers."

Noah and Bella took the supplies and went running up to the playroom. Savanna blew me a kiss before heading back into the kitchen.

I'd no sooner started to relax when I heard my wife yelling at someone. To make sure I didn't get on her shit list, I went into the kitchen to see what the ruckus was about. Ty was standing over a bowl with his hands inside of it. Savanna stood on the other side of him, trying to push him out of the way. "What on earth are you doing?"

"Ty thinks he is helping by making some kind of perverted stuffing."

"There is nothing perverted about my balls." He kept massaging the stuffing mixture in the bowl, and I say massaging because of the way he was doing it.

"Seriously, man, you know this is her thing." I leaned over his shoulder and took a look at what he was mixing up. "It actually smells good though."

"It's the big fat sausage I put in it. It gives it the best flavor. There's nothing like a good piece of meat." Ty looked at Savanna and started laughing at his own comment.

"God, you are one sick puppy. I hope you know that I refuse to eat that." Savanna started getting out another bowl. "I will make another batch that will be edible."

"I'll have you know that my balls are the best you will ever taste." He was on her last nerve and not backing down.

"Do what you want with your balls, just stay out of my way and don't touch this new batch of stuffing. Don't you have a game to watch?"

"This is more fun than that game, besides, I wanted some Van time." He leaned into her shoulder and batted his eyes.

I couldn't stop laughing, even though I knew she was getting more mad at me than him. She always said when I laughed at him, it made him do the things worse. I picked at a piece of bread and started walking out of the kitchen. "Have fun you two."

"Oh, thanks, just leave me alone with this nitwit."

The guys were getting rowdy over the game when I sat down with them. They were fussing over a bad call and yelling at the refs. My uncle came walking in the door in full camo. I'd originally thought he was at the main house with the older crew, but after seeing his attire, I knew he had been out in the woods scoping things out for the big opening day of hunting. He came in and took off his boots before sitting down next to Conner and grabbed a beer out of the cooler that John had brought in. It was funny how the sheriff had offered to supply us with the alcohol for the day. He'd been around long enough to know that alcohol and my family usually meant for late night brawls on the front lawn.

Ty came walking out of the kitchen drying off his hands as Miranda came walking out from the office where she was feeding one of the boys. "Dad, did you see anything at your stand?"

"Something got into the corn last night."

"Sweet, maybe this year we will finally get that big buck that Colt claims is out there."

I held up my middle finger at my cousin. I'd seen the fourteen pointer on my motion activated camera, but never when I was in the woods. He was a wise animal and knew how to hide. One day I was going to shoot his ass and mount him on my wall in between my wife's flower pictures.

"Well, son, the way you and your wife hunt, I think all the rest of us have a better chance."

Ty cocked his eyebrow and looked at me. "Don't look at me. I didn't say shit."

He shrugged his shoulders and grabbed Jake from Miranda. "I can't help it. My wife is smoking hot and we don't get much alone time, unless we lock all the kids in the closet."

Miranda slapped him in the arm. "Don't say stuff like that!"

His face got a sad look when he thought he'd pissed her off. "Sorry, Baby. They know I'm kidding. Besides, we usually just let them watch."

"Enough already, or I really will cut you off." She smacked him on the ass before walking into the kitchen to help her cousin.

For the next half hour everything settled down. Ty and I got the babies set up in this round baby gate contraption that was full of toys. Aside from them hitting each other with plastic objects, they crawled around and put everything in their mouths while remaining content. My mother-in-law and Miranda were on baby duty, while I went into the kitchen to help my wife. The turkey was really starting to smell good and just being in the kitchen made my mouth water. While my wife leaned down to look in the oven, I got behind her and grabbed her hips, pulling her into me. "Colt, what are you doing? We have a house full of people."

"Darlin, this is my house and if I want to grope my pregnant wife or take her upstairs for a quickie, I will."

She giggled and freed herself from my hold. "I love you, Babe. Now, get your butt out of my kitchen so I can get dinner done."

"I need a kiss first." I leaned down and pressed my lips against Savanna's. As she pressed her sweet lips on mine, I couldn't help but grab the back of her head and pull her in for more. My mind went back to waking up with her between my legs and I let out a moan as her tongue slid slowly against mine. My hands went up her sides underneath her shirt, while she continued kissing me and pushing me into the corner of the kitchen. Savanna's hands slid up the front of my shirt and I felt her nails tickling my skin. I pulled away from her. "Don't go startin' somethin' you can't finish, Darlin'."

Savanna grabbed the bottom of my shirt and walked us backwards toward the pantry. Once we got inside, she giggled and backed herself up against the shelves of food. "Who said I wanted to stop," she whispered.

I think every man would agree with me when I say that maternity clothes weren't usually sexy, but the fact that her jeans could just slide right off of her, well that sort of changed my opinion. I picked up my wife and scooted her to lean on one of the shelves and she unbuttoned my jeans and pulled out my erection. With just a few rapid strokes it was begging to be inside of her. I grabbed her knees with both of my hands and spread them apart as I scooted into my wife's body. One hand reached down and rubbed her sensitive little bud, before she used her legs to pull my body even closer. "We need to make this quick," I whispered.

She licked my bottom lip and pulled away. "Stop wasting time."

With my pants around my ankles, I entered my wife and for some reason, it felt even better than earlier. I got a good rhythm going as we tried our best to be quiet. What we were doing was so inappropriate, but there wasn't one single reason why anyone would think we were having sex in our pantry with a house full of people. Just as I was getting into the groove, the pantry door swung open and the flash of a camera blinded us. I protected Savanna with my own body, giving whoever opened the door a full view of my ass as I pulled up my jeans. "What the...?"

Ty was bent over with Savanna's camera in his hand while Miranda stood there with her hand covering her shocked reaction. They were both laughing so hard they had tears in their eyes. "I am blowing that picture up and giving it to your parents for Christmas. Colt, your mom just came in, so unless you want her to know your little secret, you better get your asses out of the closet. Or better yet, how about you just switch places with us. I'm sure we can make use of a good closet."

"Shut the damn door." I was irritated, but more at myself for thinking we could get away with our actions while our cousins were in the house. Once they closed the door, I turned to my wife. "Darlin', I'm real sorry."

She started to giggle. "It was my idea."

We both laughed as we walked out of the closet, up until the moment we realized that the entire family was standing in the kitchen waiting for us.

Chapter 7

Savanna

Yeah, I hadn't seen that coming when thinking that having sex with my husband could only result in something good. I don't know how and I don't even want to know why, but Ty managed to make a funny joke out of everything and drop the seriousness of mine and Colt's actions. My husband wasn't even half as bothered as I was. He claimed that we were married with children and if we couldn't keep our hands off one another, well then it was a good thing.

As the men cleared the kitchen, the women stayed and started getting all of their dishes together. At first nobody seemed to talk about my closet adventure, except for Miranda. Every single time that girl looked at me she made me laugh. I was half expecting her to just start flying off at the mouth about how many times she and Ty had reverted to doing something so ridiculous, although I was pretty sure I already knew the answer and didn't need the details of it. The only thing Ty cared more about than his own penis, was his family, including his hottie wife. I knew who really wore the pants in the relationship and that is why they worked so well.

My mother was helping me set the rolls on a tray and leaned into me. "Couldn't you have just gone upstairs, honey?"

I let out a frustrated sigh. I knew for a fact that she and my father had reconnected on some kind of romantic level in the past few years. They were always giddy around each other, like their romance was brand new and they were discovering each other for the first time. I didn't know what the secret to that was, and I wasn't sure I was ever going to ask. "Spur of the moment decision, Mom."

"Well, maybe next time you will take your eye candy husband somewhere that has a lock on the door."

I shook my head and placed the last roll on the tray. "Maybe next time I will just bang him on the kitchen table, so nobody even has to come looking."

"Savanna, why would you say such a thing?"

I threw my hands in the air and cocked my eyebrows up. "Seriously, I wanted a minute with my husband. Sure, it was a little inappropriate, but you have raised a child and you can imagine what having a six year old and an almost one year old can do to your sex life. We were being spontaneous. Do I need to eat my dinner in the kitchen instead of in the dining room with everyone else?"

She finally snapped out of it. "Of course not! I just didn't like seeing you so embarrassed, that's all."

When I noticed Colt's mother was listening in on my conversation, I tried to be cordial and throw her a smile, but that did make me a little uncomfortable. She came over to me and moved the hair away from my ear. "Colt's daddy and I used to sneak around all the time. Don't you let anyone take away those precious moments with the person you love." My mother couldn't hear the woman's whispers and it irritated her knowing that whatever she said had made me have a smile on my face.

She winked as she grabbed the stack of plates to carry them into the dining room.

Miranda, her mother, Colt's mother, and my mother were busy getting the dining room table all together for when we started bringing out the food. I heard the front door opening and peeked out into the living room to see Lucy carrying a giant tray of turkey. She carried it quickly into the kitchen followed by Conner, Ty and Colt. From the years of being a part of this family, I knew exactly what they were doing.

They were claiming their leg.

The problem was that, well on this particular turkey, as well as every other turkey, there were only two. Now, if the three knuckle heads would have just waited, they could have each had one, but no, they had to fight over these two.

I moved to the side and so did Lucy, as the guys struggled to reach and get a handle on both of the legs. When they began pushing and shoving, I backed up against the table and crossed my arms, waiting until the three of them were finished with this stupid traditional thing they obviously had to do.

"Lucy, this turkey is greasy. We can't get a good handle on it," Conner yelled to her.

She stood beside me with her arms crossed. "Perhaps if you would just wait and use a knife to cut it you would have better luck."

Her suggestion made me laugh, but they each scrunched up their faces at her. At the end of the twenty second shoving match, Colt and Conner walked away with the first two legs. Ty leaned next to me looking all defeated. "You know, there is a whole turkey right here in the oven."

He nudged me in the arm and winked. "I know."

"Since you are in here pouting, why don't you help me get all the food on the table."

A loud thump came from the living room, followed by a baby crying. Ty went running in there. A few seconds later he came in the kitchen with Jax. He had little tears in his eyes. "Say, Aunt Van, I was trying to sit up like a big boy and fell backwards."

"Aww." I rubbed his little head and he began to smile. When I leaned in to kiss my baby nephew, he turned and buried his face into his father's chest.

Ty started laughing. "This little guy is shy. I don't know where he gets that from"

"Yeah, me either."

I handed Ty a couple of pot holders and we started carrying in the dishes. When we got back to the kitchen, everyone was lending a hand to get it all out on the table. With a little help from my strong husband, the other turkey was removed from the oven and the bag was being pulled off of it. It smelled delicious and was the perfect color too. I turned to see my family looking like cartoon characters with drool running down their animated bodies.

Colt took over once he saw the delicious turkey and insisted on carrying it to the dining room. I had to physically go into the living room and turn off the television to get the other guys to pay us any mind and come to eat. I knew they could smell it. The whole house smelled of turkey, candied yams, mashed potatoes, stuffing and everything else that gave that authentic Thanksgiving smell.

When the table was full of wonderful looking food, I went to call on the kids to come down. In the corner of the dining room we had set up a table just for them. On the other side of the room was the playpen area for the babies, but with the exception of Jax, they were still sleeping. Miranda held Jax on her lap and he was banging a spoon on the table and laughing and blinking every time it made a loud sound. His father kept making silly faces when he did, making Jax want to keep doing it.

I walked up the stairs, knowing that I couldn't be loud on account of being able to eat my meal while it was still hot, if I made the mistake of waking up my sleeping daughter. As I got to the end of the hallway and opened the playroom door, Sam, our lab, went running by me. Feathers were wrapped around her entire neck with some type of tape. I should have known if she looked like that to expect the worse, but nothing could have prepared me for what I saw when I looked into that room.

Two children, that were only recognizable from their hair, were standing at the far side of the playroom. Paints and craft items were scattered all over the place. They hadn't used them like I had told them to. Instead of using the construction paper, they had painted their faces and arms brown with face paint then made Indian headbands out of the feathers.

I put my hand over my mouth, both shocked and impressed. It was very creative, although at the same time, a catastrophe.

"Mom, look, me and Bella decided to be real Indians for Thanksgiving. Ain't it cool?"

Of course they were excited about it. How do you punish a child for wanting to explore the Indian culture on Thanksgiving?

I put my hands on my hips and walked toward them. "You two should have asked if you could paint your bodies. What would have happened if you got it in your eyes?"

They put their heads down and I got an even better look at how hard they had worked to get the feathers on their head. Colt's voice made us all jump. "Can one of you please explain why Sam is wearing feat........oh Jesus Mary and Joseph, what have you two done now?"

I covered my mouth, but the giggles escaped anyway. He turned to me but pointed to them. "Tell me that you didn't know about this?"

I held my hand up like I was swearing on a bible at court. "I swear, Babe. I had nothing to do with this, but before you get all mad, I think we should consider letting them be Indians for dinner. Aside from it being educational, they aren't hurting anyone."

The two kids stood there waiting for mean old Colt to yell at them, but my husband scrunched up his face and ran his hands through his thick dark hair. "I suppose that they can stay Indians for dinner, but just so you both know, this is not okay and you are responsible for cleaning up this whole mess yourselves."

They started following us down the stairs and talking in a low manner where we couldn't exactly hear them. Giggles followed and I knew they had planned this all along.

Colt took my hand and led me off the last step. "This is going to be interestin'."

Colt and I moved out of the way to show off the two little Indians that were joining us for dinner. "We went looking for children, but found two Indians instead. I told them they could eat with us tonight."

The room got so quiet you could have heard a mouse run by. Every person at the table just stared at Noah and Bella. Conner stood up and held his hands out for the two kids to slap him five. "Kickass you two!"

"Conner!" His mother was not too happy with him saying ass at the fancy dinner table, but we all knew it was only a matter of time before much worse would come out of someone's mouth. I think every single holiday dinner consisted of someone talking about sex or pooping.

We got them all situated and gathered hands to say grace. Noah and Bella walked over to Colt and asked him something in his ear. He smiled and nodded his head. "Noah and Bella want to say grace this year."

They walked over to where everyone could see and hear them and counted to three.

"Thank you God for all that grows,

Thank you for the sky's rainbows,

Thank you for the stars that shine,

Thank you for this family of mine,

Thank you for the moon and sun,

Thank you God for all you've done.

Amen."

Aside from a few little chuckles because the kids were painted brown with feathers dangling from their bodies, everyone began to clap and start passing around the food. Miranda and I got up at the same time and started making the kids their plates.

Just as we got them situated, I noticed Ty trying to pry a turkey leg from the turkey. Now, the turkey was done, but for some reason he couldn't get it to separate. The more he pulled, the more the plate was moving with it. My dad reached over and grabbed the turkey platter, laughing the whole time and calling Ty a weakling.

As he gave one final tug, the turkey leg came loose and flung back with force, hitting Miranda directly in the eye, making a loud smack sound. Ty dropped the turkey leg on his plate and got his wife to a sitting position while she held her hand over her eye where the leg had hit her. As he pried away her hand, a greasy wet spot covered all around her eye. It was already starting to get red. She couldn't open her eyes on account of a combination of the pain and the grease.

I ran over and grabbed her by the arm, pulling her into the kitchen. "Oh my God! Come with me. We need to get your eye cleaned out."

I could hear the commotion as Ty and I walked an injured Miranda to the kitchen. "Baby, oh my God, I am so sorry."

I leaned her head under the sink and let the water run over her eye. "Just try to get the grease out."

"It burns like a bitch." Poor Miranda tried to not cry as she was under that spicket. Ty never let go of her and I knew he felt horrible. He kept rubbing her back, while looking like he wanted to inflict pain on himself for hurting his woman. When she finally pulled away from the water and dried her face off, all I could see was the red welt forming around her eye. "How bad is it?"

I put my fist near my mouth and started laughing. I couldn't help myself. "I'm so sorry, it's just that I can't believe you got smacked in the eye by a turkey leg."

She looked from Ty then back to me. "Can you still see it?"

Ty looked down. "Shit, I'm sorry, Baby, but you're going to get a black eye."

"I'm what?" She went running toward the bathroom. We chased after her, passing the family who was busy stuffing their faces. "Holy hell! Jesus, Ty." She leaned into the mirror and kept looking at the injury. "It looks terrible. How are we goin' to explain this? There is no way in hell anyone is goin' to believe that I got hit with a turkey leg."

Ty leaned against the wall and crossed his arms. "You could tell them I hit you in the eye with my meat."

I jabbed him in the side and rolled my eyes. "Idiot."

"What? She did get hit in the eye with my meat. What's wrong with the truth?"

Miranda leaned over and wiped her eye a few more times before turning to face us. She took her finger and pushed it against Ty's chest. "You're so lucky that I love you and know that you already have injured balls, or else I would be planning on paying you back while you slept."

We started walking back to the dining room. Ty leaned over and whispered in my ear. "Should I be afraid of her putting rocks in socks and beating me to a pulp?"

I cocked my eyebrow. "Maybe."

As we walked back into the room with our family, everyone noted Miranda's Thanksgiving injury and the teasing began. Poor Ty was then made fun of for the rest of the meal. He never touched the turkey leg on his plate and I was pretty sure he wouldn't be involved in battling for it next year.

It was funny, I should have been uncomfortable for being caught red-handed in the closet with my husband, but looking around at the people in the room only made me feel happy. We'd been through so much and no matter what crazy thing came our way, we'd always be family, which was the most important part of life.

Chapter 8

Colt

After the attack of the turkey leg on Miranda's eye, we managed to have a semi-normal dinner. Of course, the babies were a challenge and ended up being passed around like little sacks of potatoes. There were enough adults to manage them and allow everyone a turn to eat.

As Miranda's eye continued to redden and swell, Ty went into makeup mode. I don't think there was a second that his hands weren't somewhere on or around his wife, and it wasn't even in a perverted kind of way. We all knew it was an accident, a funny one at that.

Savanna had managed to give everyone a feast they would never forget. Obviously, they could also remember this unforgettable Thanksgiving from the simple fact that they caught us in the closet getting it on. I knew she was devastated at the time, but in the big picture of things, I wanted my wife no matter if she was pregnant, or even covered in food from cooking. It made me happy that the longer we were married, the more I seemed to grow to love her even more.

Since another football game was about to come on, us guys cleared the table like we did every year and then retreated to the living room. Noah and Bella were taken upstairs by my mother-in-law to get cleaned up. Where they got those crazy ideas, I will never know. Sometimes I wondered if Ty slipped them money and ideas just to get to my wife. Since he looked as shocked as I did that his daughter had colored herself brown and attached feathers to her head, I would say that he was left in the dark, at least this time.

A sad Miranda sat with us guys with an icepack over her eye. The funniest thing was that not one person would ever believe she was hit by a stubborn turkey leg. Luckily, they were staying a couple days and it would be healed by the time they went home.

Conner, who always seemed to love this holiday as much as all of us, was preoccupied with texting someone on his phone. He had it on vibrate, so it wasn't bothering us, all except for the constant pulling it out of his pocket. "Who do you keep talkin' to?"

He quickly put the phone back in his pocket. "It's just a friend." I think he tried not to, but he looked over at his sister and she shook her head. Conner smiled but wouldn't say anything else.

"What's the big secret?" I usually stayed out of people's business, but I was intrigued.

Ty leaned forward. "Trust me when I say that you really don't want to know."

"Is it somethin' I should be concern over?" I knew Conner had problems in the past.

Conner shook his head, probably assuming that I was actually thinking the worst of him and I shouldn't have been doing that. "It ain't nothin' like that. I just have this friend that I enjoy spending time with. We're just friends, nothin' more."

"Because she's married." Miranda announced, causing everyone in the room to turn around with shocked faces.

Conner stood up and got in his sister's face. "Just friends. Leave it alone, Randa!" He picked up his drink and walked out on the porch to get away from all of us.

When Conner walked away, we all just sat there speechless. If anyone would get involved with a married person, it would have been Conner. I picked up my beer and headed out of the house to see if I could get some answers out of my younger cousin. I didn't want to pry, it was more to reassure myself that he wasn't going to be shot by some angry husband.

"Want to talk about it?"

"Why, so you can get all pissed at me too? Look there ain't nothin' goin' on that anyone has to worry about. Even if I did want it to, she would never be okay with it. She's just in a real bad situation and doesn't have anyone else she can trust."

"So, is this someone you met at meetings?" I knew that sponsors usually became good friends, but dating someone was highly frowned upon.

"No, since I know you aren't going to get off my back, I will tell you. It's Miranda's boss Amy. I'm not goin' to divulge her personal drama, but let's just say she is in a very bad way and I am the only one that knows the truth."

"And how did you get to be that lucky guy?"

Conner looked out into the yard and let out a laugh before explaining. "I guess it started when I first moved there. She came over after having a fight with her husband. I happened to be really sick and she sat up with me until I pissed her off. We weren't exactly friends, but a while later, after a night out, I found her in a parking lot all upset. I took her somewhere to be safe and she told me enough for me to be concerned. After that she started confiding in me. I don't think it was because I was ever her first choice, it was just that I already knew."

Conner was concerned about someone other than himself...this was serious.

"I never pegged you as the kind of guy that was just friends with a woman."

He shook his head and laughed. "Neither did I, but even if I wanted somethin' else, it would never happen."

"So, this is the woman that helped with that Heather girl problem?" The drama in the last year between Ty and Miranda and their boys could have all been avoided if that woman from Ty's past wouldn't have set things up to ruin their marriage. Ty had never strayed from his wife and almost lost his family due to some jealous ex.

"Yeah, and that is a whole different story that we need a bottle of whiskey to talk about."

Savanna had already filled me in on what Conner actually did. I have to say, he is either the bravest or stupidest person I knew.

"They're never goin' to forgot what you've done for them." Conner had gone and seduced that woman to get the truth out of her, to save his sisters marriage. I don't know a lot of men that would sacrifice themselves like that, especially one that never seemed to be that happy about Ty and Miranda being together. I don't know what changed his mind, but he and Ty had mended fences and things were back to how they'd always been.

"I made a promise to my father that I would take care of my sister. I wanted to be mad at Ty, but I knew about his plan and that it was all for Miranda and I also saw his face that night. He didn't want anything to do with that stupid bitch. When he called me all messed up that night, I just knew somethin' wasn't right."

"Even if you didn't do that, I think they would have just worked through it. Those two can't live without each other."

"I live with them. You don't have to tell me. I bought a recliner for out in the barn, so I could get away from them. You have no idea how loud they are sometimes."

We both started laughing.

When I walked back into the house, I had a new opinion of my hard ass cousin. It seemed that him moving in with Ty and Miranda had been the best decision. That man had gotten to a point in his life where he only cared about himself, but after seeing his sister struggle, he threw himself out there and opened his heart to protect his family. The thing with opening your heart is that it is usually very hard to close it back up. Conner wanted to feel love and whatever he did or didn't have with this woman, was definitely changing him.

He needed to be very careful.

Just like every holiday, we all ate until we couldn't move and after half of us fell asleep in random places; we were all wide awake to play cards. Because we had so many people now, we had to play in the dining room, instead of the kitchen. One deck of cards to play Rummy with just wasn't cutting it, so our new game was Pinnacle. We played teams and after finally learning all of the rules, started to really have a good time. My mother and Aunt Karen were the best at it, since they played together all the time.

I didn't care who won the game to be perfectly honest. My whole family was in the house that I built with my father. I could only hope that he was somewhere looking down on us. I wanted him to know that we were okay and that I finally got that family he always wanted me to have. I knew he would have loved Savanna and every time I did something with Noah it reminded me of my father showing me how to do those same things. Holidays are a hard time to spend without the people that we love, but I've learned to keep the ones with me close and remind them every day just how important they are to me.

In a few short months, we would be welcoming another addition to our growing family and when I thought about their future, I hoped that they would be as close as I was with my cousins. Noah and Bella were already off to a good start, seeing as they were already the best of friends.

I reached under the table and grabbed my wife's hand. As her fingers intertwined with mine, she threw me a smile just as I winked. With the exception of a few mishaps, her Thanksgiving had gone off without anyone having to go to the hospital again. We still had someone with a black eye from a turkey attack, two cousins with chiggers, two little brown painted Indians, and Savanna and I being caught in the closet without pants, to remember how special this year was.

I couldn't be more thankful.

End of Part 1

Part Two

Christmas at the Mitchell's

Hosted By: Tyler and Miranda Mitchell

Chapter 1

Miranda

The chaos of the Christmas holiday started on Black Friday for Ty and I. Van had talked us into staying up all night and heading for a late night shop-a-thon. Since she was pregnant and I was breastfeeding, we were the only two that hadn't been drinking.

Not Colt, Ty or even my brother had ever gone out and experienced what it was like at a popular large store on the day after Thanksgiving. Van piled us all into her SUV and we headed out. The Three Stooges sat in the back filling the whole vehicle with loud bantering. Poor Van and I needed earplugs to be able to deal with them for a long period of time.

Sure enough, we pulled up to a local superstore and noted the lines of people just waiting for them to open their doors. Most of the people were in groups and some even held flyers and lists of what they were going to make a run for.

Now, I knew that Van was too pregnant to deal with pushy people and I also knew that if anyone even bumped into her, they would have three grown men kicking their asses. I wasn't worried too much about myself. All three of the guys knew I wasn't one to take anyone's shit. People could be rude around the holidays and I had no problem kicking a pervert in his jewels.

We all climbed out of the vehicle and headed toward the crowd of people. Luckily, the guys were too involved in themselves to really notice the tension in the air. They just didn't get that people were vicious when it came to Black Friday shopping.

The guys continued to fool around, drawing attention from the shoppers around us and even getting a few eye rolls when they were talking about and doing things that seemed inappropriate, like trying to punch each other between the legs and playing the hand slap game.

What grown men still do that?

Scratch that.....

My husband still did.

About fifteen minutes after we arrived, we heard cheering as the mob of people started moving. Conner walked ahead of all of us while Ty and I walked behind Colt and Van. I noticed that when Colt got a glimpse of the crazies, he grabbed ahold of his wife and didn't let her go.

Since Ty and I were in the back of the crowd, he found it to be impertinent to pick out weirdo's and point to them. For a second I was sure my brother was going to hit him, but he ended up turning around and laughing with him. Our first thirty seconds in the store and two women were fighting over some baby doll. We made our way past them and in the next isle was a tower of the same doll for sale. Ty found an empty cart that someone left sitting and took it for his own. He grabbed as many as he could put in the cart and went running around, passing the two bickering women. They froze as they saw him. It didn't help that he was acting like a fool running circles around them screaming, "I love baby dolls!", over and over.

While a security officer approached my husband, Conner made a beeline for the electronics department. I knew my brother and he came for one thing only.

Video Games.

The crowds of people got thicker and Colt wasn't taking any chances with his pregnant wife. "I think we're going to grab a few things and wait for ya'll outside. The lines are already pretty long."

With them heading in the opposite direction of everyone else, I felt a tug on my arm and my body began moving past carts that were already full. Men and women of all ages were hauling flat screen televisions in shopping carts and grabbing things off end caps as they made their way to the registers.

"Ty, wait! Where are we goin'?"

He started grabbing random toys as we past them and finally stopped at the jewelry counter. An older woman leaned on the other side. "Can I help you?"

"Yeah, I need to get a pair of earrings for our daughter."

As sweet as he was being, I knew he could have got something like that any day of the week.

The woman showed him a couple pairs and we made a choice quickly knowing that Van and Colt were outside somewhere waiting on us. I thought it was funny how he was the first person to give up on the crazy idea of shopping.

Ty leaned over the counter in an almost flirty kind of way. "Do you think we could get these few things here at your register?"

"Sure thing." The woman started taking the items from Ty. One thing caught my eye and I was shocked when I saw it. There was this pink hair cartoon character that Bella loved and I had been checking the internet for weeks trying to track one down.

I looked to him and he winked. "It was just sitting there all by itself. Ain't that cool, Baby?"

I put my arm through his. "You are such a good dad."

"Yeah, wait till she wants a convertible or a tattoo."

Conner's big head caught my attention and we waved him down. He held up a bag and smiled as he approached us. "Let's get the hell out of this place."

We made it about fifty feet and were stuck in a herd of people that weren't moving. I honestly felt like I couldn't breathe. Ty turned around and looked at my brother. "Give me a boost, Dude."

"What? No!"

"Just do it. I have a plan."

He reluctantly lifted up my husband and held him piggy back. "Make this shit quick, Peckerhead."

Ty started waving his hands around. "They are giving away a free iPod touch to the first fifty people in the electronics section in five minutes."

Half of the crowd disappeared like flies on shit, making it easy for us to make our exit.

Our all night shopping spree ended there and I swear that I was so overwhelmed by it that I hadn't been shopping since.

Van and Colt were laughing as we got back to the vehicle. "You made it out alive. We grabbed two things and someone let us cut in front of them, bless their hearts. I think it was my belly."

Ty chuckled. "Barely made it out alive. Conner and I had one hand on our wallets and the other on our dicks."

Van and I spat out a laugh. She couldn't help but ask. "What for?"

He pointed toward the store, while my brother stood beside him with his hands on his hips. "Did you see it in there? If any of those crazy ladies knew what we were packing, they would be fighting to the death."

Colt put his hands on his wife's shoulders. "Should have left that one alone, Darlin'."

She cringed. "You got that right!"

Chapter 2

Ty

I reached over my wife's still sleeping body to shut off the alarm clock. Ever since our Black Friday adventure, we hadn't been shopping and were running out of time. Christmas was nearly two weeks away and we were so behind.

I had gotten this bright idea of waking up and driving to the city to Christmas shop and I was suddenly feeling like it wasn't the best of ideas. The fact that our sons hadn't woke up before the alarm clock made me even more frustrated. Don't get me wrong, I'm glad they were still sleeping, but that meant that I could also still be sleeping.

I sat up and kneeled over Miranda's sleeping body. One of her hands were to her side while the other was over her face. I reached over and grabbed my pillow, trying to contain my laughter as I held it over my head and got ready to plummet her with it.

Out of nowhere, she opened her eyes. The pillow went flying across the bed. "I wake you up with kisses, while you plan vicious attacks." She flipped me over and licked my cheek. "I shall punish you with morning breath."

I whined and attempted to free her hold on me. "Gross! Let me go. You have same-as breath."

"Same-as?"

I started laughing. "Yeah, where your breath smells the same as your ass."

She scrunched her face up and came in for another physical attack on my fragile body. "Don't hurt me with your claws, woman!"

She stopped moving and looked down at me. "Tell me you're sorry."

I started laughing and shaking my head.

Her eyes widened. "Tell me!" She held both of my hands above my head with one of hers, while the other traveled down my abdomen. I could get free easily, but I liked the game. "If you don't say it right now, you will be sorry."

I still hated how awake she was in the mornings. Every day she woke up with a smile on her face. She claimed it was always because I was next to her, but I think she was just naturally a morning person who thought kissing up my ass with sweet comments was going to earn her some kind of sexual extras.

"If you tickle me, you're the one who will be sorry and I will make you take the boys shopping without me today."

She let go and held up her hands. "You win!"

I climbed back over her to head to the bathroom and she held on to my butt. I couldn't help but make a joke about it. "Whoa! By touching my ass you do realize what you're implying?"

She rolled her eyes and put her pillow over her face.

I pulled the pillow away. "Get your hot ass up before I decide to climb back in bed and make you scream my name." I started walking into the bathroom. "Seriously, Baby, get up so we can get going. I promised Iz that we would go get a tree later tonight." I didn't wait for her to reply. The boys would be up any minute and be screaming for breakfast. They had just started eating baby food and cereal and boy did they love it. Jake always favored the breast, but Jax tore up some cereal with bananas.

Since the boys were born, my long showers had turned into a whopping seven minute max. In enough time to wash all the important parts, I heard the bathroom door open. I turned to see my wife stripping out of her pajamas to climb in the shower, but I could tell from the look on her face that she didn't want sex, but I wasn't about to go without trying.

She closed her eyes and leaned her head under the streaming water. I slid my hands around her waist and let my fingers slide along the lower part of her back. Just that little touch was enough to get my dick hard. Her soft br**sts tickled my chest as I pulled her against me.

I grabbed the shampoo and started washing her hair, knowing if I just tried to hit it, she would hit me and get out. As I massaged the designer shampoo into her hair, she leaned into my hands. I used my fingers to massage her scalp and I could tell she was enjoying it.

With my hands still in her hair, I leaned down and kissed my wife. Her mouth tasted like toothpaste and I couldn't wait to taste her sweet tongue. I pulled away to make sure she wanted to move forward. Miranda knew me better than anyone, which meant she knew just one slip of the tongue would send me over the edge and in need of some of her sexiness.

She leaned up and took her tongue out to lick my bottom lip. Since she'd given me the go-ahead, I opened the shower door and backed her out of it. As the tile floor became soaked due to our dripping bodies, I leaned Miranda against the vanity and finally lifted her to sit on it. She leaned back against the mirror and let me take one of her supple br**sts into my mouth. I drug her nipple with my teeth and massaged the opposite breast with my hand, using my thumb and forefinger to squeeze it hard.

Miranda took her legs and wrapped them around my waist, using them to pull me into her. I slipped a hand down and ran two fingers over her sex, finally stopping at her little clit. As I began rubbing her little nub, she laid her head back against the mirror again. "Oh, Ty, please don't stop, Babe."

"Are you close?"

She let out a whimper. "Yes....."

I could feel the heat rushing to my cheeks as I looked down at her perfect pu**y. My finger was becoming soaked with her juices and it just wasn't enough to be touching it. I crouched down and sunk my face between my wife's legs. She moaned again when my tongue entered her then continually worked up to her swollen clit. I moved my head up and down, putting pressure on that sweet spot and then I began vigorously flicking it with my tongue. Miranda's strong legs tightened around the back of my head as I felt her trembling body against my mouth.

Miranda didn't have time to recuperate before I stood up and drilled myself deep inside of her wet pu**y. Her hand dug into my hair, pulling my head close to hers, so that she could put those pretty lips against mine with a tongue filled kiss. I kept pumping my c**k in and out and Miranda used her legs to help keep up my pace. I reached my hands around to grab her ass and pull myself inside of her further. The slapping sounds from us still being wet turned me on, and the faster I moved, the more it sent tingles through my body. With me holding her ass, Miranda laid back on the vanity, letting her titties bounce around in front of my face. She took one of her hands and played with her own nipple, making it hard. She took two fingers and drug them against her tongue, getting them wet with her spit, and rubbed it around her hard nipple. I felt myself on the verge and had no control over making it last longer. Before I could think about restraining, I was filling my wife with my heated release.

Miranda's soft lips pressed against mine and stayed there. As I pulled away, I had a smile on my face. "We should do this every day."

I started drying off as she climbed back in the shower to clean off. "You know it isn't that easy."

I pulled on a clean pair of boxers that I had grabbed as I walked into the bathroom. "I'm the boss. I think that I could start working fifteen minutes later everyday if I had this as the reason."

Miranda turned off the water and stepped out of the shower, wrapping a towel around her body. "It isn't your schedule. It's the three children who seem to act like radar whenever you touch me."

We both walked into our bedroom to dress and Izzy was jumping on the bed. "Daddy's in his underwear." She covered her mouth and giggled.

I picked her up over my shoulder and then plopped her back down on the bed. "Are you making fun of me?" I began tickling her.

"No!" she screamed and laughed at the same time. "Daddy, stop it!"

Miranda started pulling my arms away from Iz. "Okay, Daddy I think our daughter has had enough tickling. She needs to go get dressed in something warm to go to Mimi's house."

My mother had agreed to watch the kids while Miranda and I last minute shopped. I knew Miranda would have rather I stayed home. She hated to shop with me, probably because I loved to be obnoxious. At any rate, since I promised Iz that we were going to go out and cut down a real tree this year, I knew we needed to get most of the shopping done early in the day. "You better get moving. We have a tree to get later."

When Iz heard the word tree she jumped down from the bed and ran out of our room. Miranda pulled on a pair of jeans and shook her head. "Maybe you should bribe her with a tree every day. She never gets dressed that fast."

The baby monitor started screaming at us as I pulled my sweatshirt over my head. "Keep getting ready, I'll get them in the kitchen and start feeding them."

She smacked my ass when I walked past her. "Thanks, Babe."

Sure enough, two screaming, extremely handsome boys were waiting for me in their cribs. Since they were old enough to reach for me, it was easier to grab them out. For the past couple of weeks they had been learning how to sit up without falling back and hitting their heads. Once I changed their diapers, I got them seated in their high chairs in the kitchen. They immediately started to cry while I worked fast to get their food ready. The damn bottle warmer worked so slow. I handed Jax his bottle first while I began spooning bananas into Jake's open mouth. When Jake's bottle finally dinged, I grabbed it out of the warmer and handed it to him. I loved how they had learned to hold it with their own little hands.

My two brown eyed boys took their time drinking their formula, while I sat there with a spoon full of bananas waiting for the first one to offer his open mouth. Little Jax saw the spoon and tossed his bottle to the floor. As I brought the spoon to his mouth, he leaned in to it. " You're such a little piggy!"

"Who's a piggy, Daddy?" Izzy climbed up on the back of my chair, hanging onto my neck.

"Your brother."

She took one look at Jax and laughed as Miranda walked into the kitchen. The boys looked up when they heard her coming and their little feet started moving a million miles a minute. "There's my cutie pies." She leaned over and kissed their heads. Then she scooped up Iz and spun her around. "And what does the princess of the house want for breakfast?"

"Mimi said she would make me pancakes."

"Do you want to go over now by yourself?"

She ran toward the door and started slipping on her shoes. Our eager daughter grabbed the door knob, but Miranda was faster to recognize some steps she'd missed. "You need a coat on and to tell us goodbye before you go flying out of the house.".

She reached for her coat, but couldn't get it off the hook. "I need help! Mommy, can you get this down for me?"

Miranda walked over and helped Iz with her coat. She ran over and kissed me before she disappeared out the door. Once Miranda saw her go into my parents' house, she sat down next to me. "Conner's truck ain't here again. Do you know where he's at?"

I was pretty sure where he was, but Miranda didn't want to know, in fact, I didn't even want to know. The less I knew about Conner's activities, the better. "He's a grown man. If you're that worried, why don't you just shoot him a text. He probably got up early and went somewhere."

"Did you hear him come in last night?" The gatekeeper wanted answers. These answers could determine my sex life for the next month. Miranda always caved when she was mad, but I hated when she cut me off.

"I was sleeping, Baby. He probably has a secret boyfriend and doesn't want anyone to know he switched teams."

"You're dumb. My brother likes women." I could tell I was getting under her skin.

"Have you ever seen how he stares at my ass? Sometimes I can feel his eyes on it."

"He does not! Would you be serious for one second. I like knowing he is okay."

"Just call him if you're worried about it. I would ask him about his preferences though. He talks about anal way too much to be straight."

She shook her head and started feeding Jake so I wasn't doing both. "No, I'm not goin' to call. He gets mad when I pry, and I don't even want to know if that last statement was true. Lord have mercy!"

"Pry? Who you?" I rolled my eyes.

She smacked my arm. "Very funny!"

Once we got the boys to my moms, we climbed in the SUV and started on our way to the mall, aka HELL.

Chapter 3

Miranda

Since we lived near a small town, in order to shop, we had to drive to the city. It was a good forty minute drive if you hauled ass. I don't think either one of us minded the quiet time. Our life was filled with chaos, but I wouldn't have traded it. I loved my children and my husband, so much that I would endure everything life threw at me, as long as I knew they were with me.

I was playing with my phone and laughing at the messages I was getting. "Babe, you are never going to guess what Van wants to do as soon as they get here."

It didn't take a genius to figure it out. Van basically had one hobby. It was something she did well, and it was also the only thing she ever wanted to do. I looked over toward Ty and saw him smirk. "I am not wearing matching colors again." Last year's Christmas picture on our wall was all of the kids dressed alike, which was cool, and all of the adults wearing green. It was cliche, and every year the pictures got worse. I wasn't saying we shouldn't coordinate, but damn.

"Good thing she hasn't decided the attire yet."

"Tell her that since we are hosting Christmas this year that we get to pick the outfit."

I glanced over at him as I typed my message. I was shaking my head just thinking of his idea. "You really think she is goin' to agree with you?" A few seconds went by and my phone chimed. I started laughing.

"What did she say?"

I giggled once more, before being able to tell him. "She says that you can choose what we are wearing for one picture and then she will decide on a second. Thanks Ty, now we all have to suffer twice."

He reached over and grabbed my leg. "Hey, I got a plan."

Ty cackled and I was sure he was rolling his eyes. "You don't have plans, you have ridiculous ideas. No offense, but I don't see her going for anything you come up with."

"She'll get over it." We were on a long stretch of road and from anyone else's standpoint it was just a midway point from one place to another, but for Ty it was something completely different. He pulled over the car and leaned over to me. "Baby, do you know where we are?"

I looked around the old country road and shook my head. "Am I supposed to know?"

He grabbed my hand and kissed my wedding ring. "This is where we pulled over the night of the ABC party. This is where you first told me that you had to sample my goods."

"I don't quite remember sayin' it like that." I remembered that night very well and I don't remember using the word 'sample'.

"That's probably because I had you so worked up." Oh, he was so sure of himself, that husband of mine.

I let out an air filled laugh. "Actually, I recall you being the one that was so worked up that he wanted to bust his load in his pants."

I would go there, but only because I knew how Ty was. Two could play his game. He patted my leg. "Baby, you were wearing nothing but Saran Wrap. Do you have any idea how freaking hot you were? I bet ten guys busted a load at that party when they beat off to your image. Shit, they probably still do."

I smacked his arm. "Eww, shut up!"

He leaned over my seat and got close to my face. "It's true. You are the most beautiful woman on the planet. If they didn't then they were blind. If I were them I would beat off to you once an hour."

I kept looking at him, but squinted my face up. "Is this meant to be romantic?"

"It was, up until you messed it all up." He ran his fingers over my lips. "I'll forgive you if you lean over here and kiss me like you did that night." My husband was staring at my mouth.

To be honest, I was sure he was already getting hard thinking about that night. It was so intense and I had wanted him for so long.

He got closer to me so that I could feel his lips almost touching mine. "If I kiss you like that night, we aren't going to be drivin' anywhere for a while."

"I'm okay with that." I nuzzled my lips over his.

The moment his tongue drug over my bottom lip, I was done for. His penis was probably in his pants yelling, 'twice in one day, twice in one day', while I leaned over more to grab his hair and pull him deeper into our kiss. I knew he was going back to that night and thinking about holding me at that party and the body language that I was giving off. I thought about him finally getting me home and ripping off all of that plastic, to finally see me naked for the first time. I didn't just want him that night, I needed him.

Our tongues mingled together as he brought his hand down and ran it between my folded legs. With one slip, I spread them for him to explore. He rubbed my sex from above my jeans and I pushed my body against his hand. It was broad daylight and we were making out in the family car, on an old farm road.

It was kind of hot.

He pulled away and started kissing my neck. "Don't stop Ty."

He started unbuttoning my jeans. "I'm just getting started, Baby."

Things were becoming intense and the windows to the car were rapidly fogging up. Ty wasted no time getting his hand down my pants. He started moving it over my panties, causing just enough friction to make me ready and willing.

Ty's hot lips brushed over my ear. "Take off your pants and climb over here."

I wasn't going to argue, so I let myself slide back into my seat and started removing my jeans as I watched Ty unfastening his belt and opening up his own pants. Once I saw how hard he was, the tingling between my legs intensified. I started climbing over to straddle his seat and I felt the electronic mechanism adjusting the seat to allow me to fit between Ty and the steering wheel.

A car passed just as I sat down on my husband's erection, letting it slid into my wet heat. I leaned back against the steering wheel allowing him enough room to reach a hand up my shirt and play with my br**sts.

"I feel like a teenager."

Ty reached both hands up my shirt and pinched both of my ni**les at the same time. He groaned and licked his lips. "I can assure you this is way better than any kind of teenage experience I ever had. This pu**y is all mine."

I leaned forward and pressed my lips over his, pulling away slowly. "Say it again, Babe."

Ty's hands traveled down either side of me until he had a handle on both of my ass cheeks. He squeezed them and began grinding me into him harder. I lifted my hands up and used the ceiling to push off of. "You're all mine, Baby. Don't stop!"

I teased his mouth until he gave me his tongue and let me suck it hard. I ran my hands up his shirt and drug my nails down his chest. "You like that, don't you?"

He closed his eyes for a second before giving me that look I knew so well. He was close, and just knowing it, sent me into a frenzy. I reached for the ceiling again, pushing myself into my orgasm more. Ty gripped my ass hard and thrusted several more times before finally relaxing his body completely.

I leaned back on the steering wheel and we both broke into a laughing fit. We'd made it about fifteen minutes from the house and already stopped to have hot sex in our car. I started to slide back over to my side of the car when Ty let out a startled sound. I immediately turned to see what he was looking at. He had cleared a circle on the fogged up driver's side window to reveal a police officer standing outside the car. Ty looked down at his pants and started fastening them as fast as he could before pushing the button for the window to go down.

"Hello officer!"

I kept my head down and stared at my shaking hands.

"License and registration please." I looked over toward the officer and noticed he was checking out the back of the car, paying close attention to the two cars seats. He looked from the back then toward the front of the car. "Might I ask why you are pulled over?"

I wanted him to make something up, perhaps tell the officer I was sick, but that wasn't how my husband did things.

"Well Sir, after having twin boys and a five year old at home, the wife and I don't get much time to ourselves. We have to seize the moment whenever we can. If you have to give me a ticket for making out with my wife, so be it, but if loving her is wrong then I don't want to be a right."

Oh yeah, he really said that.

The cop cocked his eyebrow and let out a laugh. "I have four girls. To be honest, I can't tell you the last time I had a whole day to spend with my wife."

"Yeah, we are on our way to get all of our shopping done in one trip. I got carried away with hunting season this year and now she tells me how much we have to do before the family gets here." His sarcasm made me want to punch him. Why did guys always find it easier to blame everything on their wives instead of saying that it was partly their fault?

"Did you hear about that fella that got the eighteen pointer on opening day?" When the man started talking to my husband about deer hunting, I knew we weren't going to get a ticket.

"Yeah, yeah, I heard about it. In fact, my dad was showing everyone a picture of it at Thanksgiving."

For the next ten minutes Ty and the police officer talked about hunting. I played with my phone until the officer said his goodbyes and walked back to his car. Ty patted my leg. "Bet you thought I was going to get a ticket."

"I'm speechless. If that were a girl cop it would have gone differently."

"Oh, come on; let's get into the spirit of Christmas, Baby. Don't let some old cop ruin our day. Before he approached us, we were having a great time." He grabbed my hand and kissed it again. "I love you so much. Especially when you give me sex more than once a day. I feel like a kid at a candy shop."

"That sounds like a rap song."

"Seriously, Baby, I do love you."

I leaned over and puckered my lips waiting for him to kiss me. Once he kissed me back, I pulled away and smiled. "I love you too, even enough to agree to have hot sex with you on the side of the road. Let's get goin' we have a lot of people to buy for."

"Anything for your sweet ass."

So after a pit stop that took nearly forty minutes, we were back on the road.

Chapter 4

Ty

Having a quickie in the family vehicle was probably a bad idea, but it didn't stop us. I wasn't about to tell Miranda, but I was scared shitless when I saw that cop knocking on the damn window. I thought for sure I would be facing a hefty fine and a court date. Thank God I lived in a small town where hunting and family could change a whole conversation.

It took a while for Miranda to really calm down. Even though she said she was fine in the car, it wasn't until after we grabbed a bite to eat that she finally started being herself again.

Since we'd waited until the last freaking month to go shopping, things we wanted to get people were scarce. Luckily, Miranda enjoyed online shopping and got everything she could from her cell phone while we were at the damn mall. At first I thought it was a waste of time, but after seeing the crowds of freaking idiots in the mall, the less amount of time we had to spend there the better.

We still had a bunch to get, including new decorations for the tree and a bunch of things for the kids. Miranda wanted to surprise Van with her favorite chocolates that were only sold in our mall in North Carolina. Every year we bought my father a new stein for his collection and my mother loved anything with angels on it.

Miranda sat down and started going over the list of things we still needed to get. We were determined that we weren't going to go back out to shop. While watching all the weirdo people walking by us, I noticed a lingerie store and that is where I came up with my idea for the Christmas picture.

I patted my wife on the leg, grabbing her attention. "Baby, I'll be right back."

She looked at me and then to where I was looking and started shaking her head. "Well, you could have been a little more secretive about it, now I know what I'm gettin' for Christmas."

I leaned down and kissed my sexy wife. It was better she had nothing to do with this plan of mine, on account of her telling me it was a horrible idea. "Trust me when I say, you have no idea what you're getting for Christmas."

She cocked an eyebrow and smiled. "Should I be scared?"

I kissed her on the lips again. "I won't buy anymore whips if that's what you're asking." I kept walking away from her, toward the store. Once inside, like always, I was approached by a couple women asking how they could help me. Of course, after looking around I wanted something to give Miranda for after everyone left. I picked out a bodice that laced up the front, with matching panties. It was white with black lace all over it. The panties were going to be the most fun, being that they were crotchless. I found myself imagining how hot Miranda was going to look in the outfit and felt the woman that was helping me tapping me on the shoulder. "Sir, did you need anything else?"

I walked over to the holiday section and told her what I wanted. I even filled her in on my idea of how we were going to pose. I don't know if she was appalled or wishing she could join in on the fun.

Once I checked out, I found Miranda in the same spot I had left her. She looked down at all the things on the bench and laughed. "Please tell me you didn't buy the whole family lingerie?"

I grabbed some of our other bags and helped her up. "Don't worry about it. Everything I bought is totally comfortable."

For the next two hours we went from store to store, standing in longer lines each time. My wife never faltered as she stuck to her list and managed to get it all done. The car was full on the way home and we still had enough daylight to go unload everything and take Iz with us to get our tree.

Like always, we got everything done and walked over to my parents to get Iz and the boys saw us. We both had a problem with leaving them when they were reaching their arms out crying for us, so we spent a little time with them before sneaking out with their sister. This was the first year that we had decided to go cut down a Christmas tree.

I made the mistake of letting Iz be the one to pick out our tree. I think we circled the tree farm three times in total. At first it was cute how she put her little finger up to her face and walked around the tree studying each part of it. After the tenth tree, it just wasn't as cute. Miranda and I were both so exhausted from shopping that the last thing we wanted to do was walk around the lined rows of pine and spruce trees until our indecisive daughter made up her mind.

Finally, after bribing her with ice cream and chocolate, she made her choice.

I thought it was going to be easy to cut down the damn thing, so I walked over there looking all tough, but after my first couple swings I realized how wrong I was. Apparently, it was hard for my tired ass to hit the same spot each time I swung the axe.

Miranda was beside herself with laughter, making fun of me. "I think you should let Iz have a turn, Daddy."

"Very funny. Would you like to come give it a try, smart ass?"

I never should have asked...

Miranda pulled her hair into a ponytail and cracked her knuckles. "Let me show you how a country girl does it."

I rolled my eyes and acted like it didn't faze me, but I had a feeling she was going to show me up. That was one of the reasons that I loved her so much. She was so determined to always show me up and I loved the competition.

Iz and I sat back on a patch of moss and watched Miranda busting her ass to cut down our tree. After ten minutes, she had a nice chunk taken out of the trunk. Her face was red and she was sweating, even though it was kind of cold out. "Want to switch?"

"You just want to try again since I did so much better than you." She put her hands on her hips and waited for me to agree with her. I wasn't going to make it that easy for her. "I'd rather watch you. I mean, you're getting all hot and I'm enjoying watching you scrunch up that little face like when we're alone. It's so sexy."

My wife looked at our daughter and pointed behind her. "Bella, look at that squirrel." When our daughter turned to look for the squirrel, Miranda looked toward me and mouthed the words 'fuck you' and then she began chopping on the tree again.

Realizing that I was never going to hear the end of it, I got up and grabbed the axe out of her hand. "Why don't you take a break, Baby? I will take care of the rest." I kissed on her neck and she finally let go of the axe completely.

When she walked away I pinched her ass cheek, making her turn around and give me another dirty look. I liked it when she got angry. Her pretty face scrunched all up like she could really hurt something. It was so cute.

Miranda took Izzy to look for the invisible squirrel while I continued busting up the tree until it fell sideways onto the hard ground. My daughter had picked a tree farthest from our truck, so dragging it was also a pain in the ass, but I knew she would always remember us doing it.

On the way home I thought it would be cool to listen to Christmas music. Iz and I sang about bells and reindeer until we were all sung out. By the time we pulled up at the farm, Miranda was rubbing her temples like her head was about to explode. I knew that she was exhausted and having to deal with the boys wasn't going to be easy. "Why don't you go inside and run a bath while Iz and I bring in the tree and go get the boys. After the kids go to bed, I will come out and get all the gifts and carry them in so we can wrap them."

She leaned over and puckered her lips, waiting for me to kiss them. As I pulled away, she smiled with her eyes still closed. "You're awesome."

I touched my finger to her nose, making her open her eyes. "You can show me how awesome I am in bed tonight." I winked.

She opened the door and climbed out. "Maybe I will."

I unbuckled my seat belt and looked back at my daughter. I still remember looking back at her when she was just a little two year old. "You ready to help me, kiddo?"

"Can I help carry the tree, Daddy?"

We walked toward the back of the SUV and I climbed up on top to untie what was securing the tree on the roof. "You sure can. Just let Daddy get it down first. Stand back." I freed the tree and let it fall to the ground. Iz stood there like the good little girl she always was for me. "Grab your gloves and put them on so you don't mess up your hands Iz." She got her gloves and we carefully carried the tree toward the house. Conner came walking up to us and offered to help me get it in the house and Iz never argued. I was trying to hold all the weight myself, but I could tell that as much as she wanted to help, she was done with her efforts for the time being.

Conner and I got the six foot tree in the house without trouble and he took off to take a shower while Iz and I headed over to my parent's house to get the boys.

By the time we got back, Miranda was walking out of the house in her pajamas. She grabbed Jax while I grabbed Jake and we got them in their high chairs and started feeding them dinner. Izzy ran back over to my parents to get some kind of decoration she wanted to put on our tree. The boys were both in playful moods and were jabbering away as we attempted to feed them. We usually played this game where we would turn our heads and snap them back around really fast, startling them into a laughing fit. Miranda turned her head around right after giving Jax a bite of applesauce. She shot her head back in his direction and he laughed and spit at the same time, covering her face with his mouth full of food.

It was hilarious to watch.

Izzy came running in the door just as Miranda stood up to get cleaned off. She was dragging something behind her. "Hey, what did you bring over here now?" Miranda leaned down to take a look.

A long ass strand of berries was in our daughter's hands. "We made berry strands for the tree. Mimi says it is a tradition."

I grabbed the strand and handed one end to my wife. She smiled and looked at me, while talking in a whisper. "Are we really going to put fresh food on the tree with the dog in here?"

Ever since we'd gotten Iz the puppy for her birthday, she'd been a terror. She was potty trained easily; in fact she was good except for the fact that she had some kind of anxiety disorder if you left her alone in a room. There was no way you could leave her in the house when you went somewhere. The first time we'd done it, we came home to a disaster. The trash was ripped out and scattered through the whole house. She'd jumped up on the sink and tore up all of our toothbrushes. She shredded three pair of Miranda's underwear out of the hamper, which she still does when she gets ahold of them. I find that weird and intriguing at the same time. I also had a dog that would do that to all of our underwear in my house.

Anyway, the dog goes crazy.

The idea of hanging something that smells remotely edible didn't seem like a good idea at all. Unfortunately, I knew it would be too hard for our daughter to understand that, although she worked her butt off, we wouldn't be able to have them in the house. So I did what every good dad would do. "They will be fine on the tree. It already smells of pine, so I'm sure the dog won't notice the berries."

"I hope you're right, Ty."

Once the boys were fed, we spent the next hour in the living room decorating the tree. Even Conner came out and helped pick Iz up so she could put the angel on the top. With the tree looking beautiful, I grabbed the kids and we put them all to bed, making sure they were tucked in and satisfied.

I grabbed my wife's hand as we walked down the hallway. "I remember you saying I was going to get some more loving tonight."

Miranda shook her head and just kept walking.

I would just put that in my collections of rain checks.

Chapter 5

Miranda

I owed my husband big for letting me get a bath and take a little break. We were both so exhausted from our day of shopping, but I managed to get everyone on the list taken care of.

While I was in the tub, I thought about everything we had actually done in one day. Then my mind went to Ty going into the lingerie shop.

Now, I was all for dressing in sexy things, but he came out with three bags and lingerie doesn't really take up much space.

He was up to something and I wasn't sure I even wanted to know what it was.

My husband could piss someone off by just being in the same room with them. He instigated people until they wanted to punch him, and he somehow got off on getting them roused up. Ty was the funniest person I knew and I appreciate his humor much more than anyone else. A while back, when we were having problems, it's how I knew something was bothering him. He stopped joking around all together.

This new sneakiness was going to drive me crazy, except this time, I was sure it was nothing that would hurt me.

After the tree fiasco, I decided that next year we needed to buy an artificial tree or get one that was precut. It didn't help that Bella had picked a tree that had a super thick trunk. Ty chopped at the tree with our dull ass axe until he looked like he was going to pass out. I don't know where he even got it from. It had a blade that looked like an inch thick butter knife and it looked to be over a hundred years old.

My arms felt like Jell-O by the time I climbed in that tub. I'd tried to show off and cut the tree down myself, except all along I knew I wasn't going to be able to actually do it. Bella sat there the whole time so excited about what we were doing that I couldn't even act frustrated about it. Just seeing that twinkle in her eye made it all worth it.

After feeding the boys I sat down on the couch, while Ty tucked in Bella. The next thing I knew, I was being carried to our bed. My husband was sweet like that. He never woke me up and made me walk, even when I was pregnant, he still carried my fat butt to bed. I was still semi awake when he climbed into bed next to me, so I nestled my body against his and fell fast asleep.

Ty and I had to get up with the boys twice overnight. I'd almost converted all the way over to formula. The boys both had teeth and they had a problem with biting me while I tried to feed them. One time last week, it drew real blood.

With Ty working on the farm, he never complained about getting up at night and helping me with the boys. In fact, some nights he would race in and calm them before I could even get out of bed. I never saw a man that loved being a father the way Ty did. I think if he could have been a stay at home parent he would have been.

Since my own father had died when I was so young, some of my favorite memories were of him. I hoped that one day my children would look back and appreciate what a great father they had.

When I woke up the next morning, Ty was carrying the bags from our car into our bedroom closet. Bella was still too young to think about snooping around, but we didn't want her to know what Santa was bringing her. After getting the puppy for her birthday, she had taken things up a notch and asked for a pony. We'd taken the horses to Kentucky, but the stalls and the corral were still intact, so Ty agreed she was old enough to have a small pony.

It just so happened that one of the neighbor farmers had an older pony that had been his daughters. She had moved away after college and nobody played with it anymore. Ty and I both agreed that we wanted her to start out on a pony that was used to being played with and ridden.

When he took me over to the guy's house to take a look at it, I fell in love right away. The horses name was Scotch, for its obvious brown colored coat. His mane and tail were a blonde shade and it accented his darker body. He was ten years old and had been around little girls since he was just a colt.

I particularly liked how when we went to take a look at him, he walked right up to us and let us pet him. I stuck my hand down at his mouth and he never snipped at me. He didn't have shoes, but his hooves were nice and clean and had recently been treated. His weight looked perfect and I couldn't see a single rib on his body. When we walked away he started neighing at us, like he wanted us to come back.

Ty didn't even have to ask my decision when we left that fellows farm. He was already dialing him as we pulled off his property to tell him he would be by the next day with the money. The guy was thrilled that Scotch was going to be living so close. He said he wouldn't be surprised if his daughter showed up one day to visit her old pet.

Since we obviously couldn't fit a live pony in our closet, Conner was helping Ty hide Scotch out in one of the far pastures until Christmas morning. We did have her saddle and riding gear, which was a dead giveaway that she was getting the pony.

I jumped out of bed and walked over to help Ty hide the saddle. We kept blankets in the closet and hid the things underneath of them. As far as her riding boots, pants and helmet, well we hid them behind everyone else's presents. Ty and I walked out of the closet and he closed the door just as Bella came walking in the room. Her hair was standing in all directions and her eyes were half open. He walked over and picked her up, only to toss her down on our bed. Bella wasn't exactly in the mood to play with her daddy and she started whining. He plopped on the bed beside her and started tickling her. "You better give me a smile." He loved to taunt her.

"Stop it, Daddy!"

"I can't help it. I need a kiss and a smile from my princess right now or I will die!"

Ty stretched his body out on the bed and played dead. At first Bella laughed at him. She waited a few seconds and he still hadn't moved. She took her hands and pushed him. "Daddy, wake up!"

When he still didn't move she pushed him again. "Daddy, please wake up."

With another failed attempt to get her father to move, she leaned over and started kissing him all over the face. I stood there laughing the whole time, while she was really getting worried. Finally, he opened one eye. She put her hands on her knees and smiled and when she did, he opened both eyes. "There's my princess."

She smacked his arm. "You tricked me."

He pulled her into his arms and kissed her head. "One day you're going to be too old to give daddy kisses and I'm just trying to get as many as I can before that happens."

"You're silly. When will Noah be here?" Their special moment had already been forgotten.

Ty rubbed her head. "Maybe next weekend kiddo. It depends on Uncle Colt. If he has to work late they aren't going to come until that Sunday. Grandma will be here tonight though."

"Is Pop-pop John coming too?" Ever since their engagement, my mother had been encouraging Bella to call John pop- pop. They were getting married, so it just made things easier in the long run.

"Of course he is."

"Yay! He said the next time he sees me he would give me a present."

Ty pulled a bag out of the closet and walked over to the bed. "Iz, can you go see if Uncle Conner is awake?"

"He isn't awake."

I laughed a little bit wondering how she knew that. "What do you mean? How do you know?"

"Well, I went in his room first and he said to leave him alone cause last night was a rough one."

I looked to Ty, who shrugged his shoulders, then back down to Bella. "Sweetie, is that what he said?"

"Yup, and he gave me five dollars to get out of his room and not tell anybody." She obviously didn't understand that Ty and I were the people he was talking about not telling.

"Go make your bed, kiddo. Mom and I will make breakfast in a minute."

Ty scooted our daughter out of the room. He shut the door and turned to look at me. "Don't go there, Baby. You know it will get ugly and I don't feel like dealing with the drama. I love ya, but you need to save it for another time."

I sat down on the bed and shook my head. "There are some things that can't wait."

"Miranda, I am asking you to back off of your brother. He's an adult. Besides, you don't even know what's going on. If there is something between he and Amy it will come out eventually. For now, you have to believe they are only friends. Give him the benefit of the doubt."

I wanted to know what was going on between my brother and Amy. They'd been sneaking around for months, claiming they were only friends. Since they both had problems I really did try to stay out of it, but I could tell it was something more. He was playing with fire and I was sure he was going to get burned. I decided to let it go before my husband got all mad at me over it. "What's in the bag?" It was the lingerie bag and I was wondering if he expected me to start trying the things he bought on.

Ty got that look on his face, the one where he was up to no good. "Promise you will take my side?"

I was more than a little confused. "Your side? What the heck are you talkin' about?"

"What I have in this bag is what we're going to wear for the Christmas picture."

I heard what he said; it just wasn't registering in my mind. "Tell me you're jokin'?"

"Nope!" He laughed as he pulled out the red fabric items. He spread them across the bed so I could see everything he bought. The first thing I noticed was three pair of men's briefs that were red velvet. The next thing I saw were two ladies outfits. One was a two piece and the other was a one piece.

"Please tell me the one piece is for our pregnant cousin, because Ty, if you think she is going to go for this at all, there is no way in hell she will wear that two piece."

He started laughing at me. "I was going to ask her which one she preferred."

I smacked him on the ass. "You're so bad!"

He leaned down and kissed me softly, letting his lips linger over mine. "You love it." His kisses could still take my breath away, even as the baby monitor started blowing up with screams.

"The C.B.s are up!"

"Must you continue to call our children Cockblocks?"

We started walking toward the boy's room. "I can't help it. They have some kind of radar that goes off whenever we have any kind of physical contact. It's like they have an armed guard on your tits."

"Guess they don't want to share."

He turned around and held his hand up. "Hold up! They were mine way before they came along. If anyone is sharing, it's me."

He was so dead serious that I just pushed him out of the way and walked past him. The boys were both sitting up in their beds with real tears running down their cute little cheeks. "Oh my goodness, real tears?" I picked up Jax just as Ty picked up Jake.

Jax had soaked through his diaper and I could tell because my shirt was instantly wet as I held him against me. Ty mimicked my actions and began changing Jake. "This is way more fun than getting naked with my wife." His sarcasm made me laugh. I knew he was kidding, but I think a part of him was just a tad bit disappointed that our love life was always our last priority, but we had sex a lot more than other married couples. I thought that waiting actually made it even hotter when we finally got opportunities to be together.

Chapter 6

Ty

The next week went by way too fast. Between the decorating and wrapping of presents, we were wiped out. Bella was becoming more anxious by the second and I could hardly wait to show her the pony we had hiding on the other side of the pasture for her. The boys were just boys except I swore they somehow knew that Miranda and I had been extra tired. They kept waking up at all hours of the night for no apparent reason.

Miranda's mother had been staying with my parents for the past six days and they were a big help with the kids. The one good thing about them living so far away was that when they visited, they wanted to spend all of their time with the kids. We appreciated the break immensely.

From what I could see, Miranda kept to her word about leaving Conner's business alone. In fact, she hadn't, to my knowledge, told her mother about what she thought he was up to. We were hosting Christmas and had too much to do to worry about where he was spending his time. He hadn't come home with the shit beat out of him yet, so obviously he wasn't in that bad of shape.

Karen and my mother got it in their heads that it was important for us to decorate the outside of the two houses more than we ever had before. Doing that required not only myself, but my dad and John to spend a good half day up in my parent's attic going through old decorations.

I felt like Clark Griswold climbing up on the roof to start hanging the ridiculous amount of lights that we had decided to hang. Bella played outside watching our every move. She was too afraid she was going to miss us turning them on to go in the house to play.

Colt and Van were due in any moment and we had decided to not tell Iz and let her be surprised. Between Christmas and Noah coming, we couldn't shut her up for even one second to take a breath.

Colt had gone out and gotten Noah one of those miniature planes. I was kind of jealous, because he had one when he was little and we all wanted to play with it, but he wouldn't let us. None of us kids understood just how expensive it was back then.

Colt was over the moon excited about Noah getting the plane. He loved doing things with his son and making sure he made up for the time he'd lost when Noah was a baby. Others may have thought he overdid things at times, but the truth was that I would have done the same thing.

Since Conner and I were high on the roof, I knew that I could mention Amy without my wife freaking out. "Your sister keeps drilling me for information about your secret romance."

Conner stapled another row and shook his head. "There ain't nothin' to tell, bro."

"She doesn't seem to believe that." I wasn't egging him on; I was being quite honest about it.

"She needs to stay out of my business. I love my sister and I appreciate everything you've done for me, but I don't need a babysitter." He sat down where he was working and waited for my next response.

"This stays between me and you." I motioned my hands between us. "I think the two of you are cool together. Amy is a nice girl but she's always been a victim. If you're being a friend and helping her out, I can't see any wrong in that. My marriage is important to me, but I know that not everyone has the kind of relationship that I do. She's needed to leave that ass**le for a long time now."

He nodded but immediately changed the subject. "So, I got this idea that I think Iz and Noah would get a real kick out of. My buddy back home gave me these fireworks and I found a few still in a box in my room on Thanksgiving. I think we should strap some kind of Red plastic to it and make it look like Santa is leavin' the roof. We can do it from your parents and let the kids look out at just the right time. What do you think?"

I thought it was a great idea if we could fool proof it. "What happens if Santa's plastic sled catches on fire and we watch him go up in a ball of flames?"

We both started laughing. "Well, maybe we should try it out first before we devastate the kids."

"Yeah, if I had to tell Iz that Santa was really me and her mom, your sister would kill me."

"You could always blame the whole thing on me, like you did when we were kids." He cocked his eyebrow and shot a staple at me in the air. It wasn't close enough to come near me, so I didn't get the least bit upset. I chuckled when I thought about how many times us kids blamed things on little Conner.

I laughed again remembering a few of the times we had blamed Conner for things we had done. Like the time that we climbed on top of this old hay barn and fell through the roof. We called Conner in to show him what we'd done and ran away when we saw the adults heading our way. Conner cried his eyes out and we all hid behind some farm equipment just listening to my uncle scorning him. "Remember when you fell through the barn?"

Conner let out an air filled laugh. "Yeah, you're still stickin' to that version of the story."

I held up my hands. "What can I say, you were an easy target. You wanted to hang out with Colt so much that he could make you do anything." Okay, it was mean, but we were kids and Miranda was a girl, so we couldn't pick on her as much.

"I remember when you put me on the back of that horse with no reigns or saddle and smacked its ass." Conner folded his arms across his chest and tightened his face up, as if he were remembering that horrible time.

Colt had told him if he wanted to be in our gang, he had to ride a horse like a real Indian could. That boy hung on to that horse all the way until it bucked him off on the other side of the pasture. To make matters even worse, the damn horse came back around again and jumped over top of the kid. He balled himself up and screamed until we got to him and were able to steady the startled horse. Looking back, it was a horrible idea and he could have gotten seriously hurt or killed, but at the time, it was freaking hilarious. "Will you ever stop bringing that up?"

"Bro, I could have died and you both stood there laughin' at me."

I shook my head. "It was like fifteen years ago. Let it go, dude."

Conner pointed at me. "I will never forget that shit. You wouldn't either. I had nightmares and had to sleep with my mother for a damn month. Do you know how embarrassing that was? The worst part was that she kept askin' me why I was so scared and I was too afraid that if I told her the truth, I couldn't be in the gang. Hangin' out with you two idiots meant more to me than my safety."

Our conversation was cut short when little drops of ice started hitting us and the roof we were still sitting on. "We better hurry up, or else we'll both be falling off this roof."

In less than ten minutes, Conner and I had finished stringing the lights out. We put up our hoods and climbed down off of the roof. Izzy was still in the yard trying to set up a set of reindeer. "Sweetie, you need to go inside. We can't let you get sick before Christmas is here."

She looked down and stuck out her bottom lip. I had learned when she was trying to get her way. I picked her up and threw her over my shoulders. She started smacking me with her large mittens. "Daddy, let me down."

Once I got her carried into the house, I sat her down in front of Miranda and her mother. "It's starting to sleet and this little elf wouldn't stop helping us, even though she was going to catch a cold."

She stomped her way into the house just as I went back out to finish.

Conner was on a roll, trying to get everything done before we froze to death. After we had used every strand of tested lights, we stood back and plugged in the main extension cord to see if we had lights, or if all of our hard work was for nothing.

It was still daylight, but the lights filled the exterior of my parent's house with bright colors. It was going to look great when it got dark and I was almost glad that Iz had gone into the house. She was going to be so surprised.

The older she got, the more she enjoyed decorating and Christmas. In fact, our church had a little play they put on the first week of January every year and this year Iz was picked to be the Angel of the Lord. We were so excited to see her saying her little part.

Much like our farm, Colt had managed to close operations on the ranch for the next two weeks. They weren't staying with us the whole time, but would enjoy the break from everyday farm life. Our job was never nine to five. I was lucky having my father, Harvey and Conner, but Colt had to rely on his other employees when he and Van traveled. Sometimes he couldn't trust them for long amounts of time.

Since we knew our plans for the holiday ahead of time, Colt sent out his last batch of chickens just days before he left and more loads weren't due in until the first of the year. His cattle were managed by a guy that lived on the far side of the ranch. Since it was winter, neither of us were worried about any produce. Our barley was picked and we didn't do any more planting until the spring.

I was excited to be able to spend time together. Colt and Van usually stayed at her parents place in town, unless we had a late night of drinking, in which they would just spend the night. Noah and Izzy always spent the night at the same place. If Noah went with Van then so did Iz and vice versa.

We saw their SUV pulling into the lane as we were walking in the house. Izzy came running out of the door with no coat. I pointed toward the door. "Get your tail in that house and....." Miranda was already at the door holding out her coat. "Thanks, Baby!" She crossed her arms and waited for them to come to a stop before we all approached the vehicle.

Noah jumped out and showed Iz some handheld game he was playing. They started walking toward the house without grabbing a single thing. "Noah, get back here and help your mother." Colt climbed out and walked toward us while Van hopped out and hugged us.

Noah handed Iz the game and sadly walked back to carry something. I laughed and shook hands with Colt. "How was the drive?"

"It was fine until we hit the sleet. We saw several cars slidin' around in town. We were just stoppin' by because Noah didn't want to wait and see Bella. Do you want them to stay here or at Savanna's parents tonight?"

I looked to Miranda and wondered if she was thinking the same thing as me. The weather was shitty and the roads were getting slippery since the sun was setting. I wanted my daughter as safe as she could be, even if it meant a night without Noah. "I'd rather she stays here tonight."

"That's fine. Noah can just see Savanna's parents tomorrow. We better get goin' before it gets worse." We all gave hugs again and sent them back on their way. I wasn't worried about Colt getting them there safe. He would drive two miles an hour if it meant his family would get there in one piece.

Noah and Iz were already in the house and once it was dark enough, Conner and I could show them both what we did for them outside. I walked with my wife back into our warm house.

Our Christmas was going to be great.

Chapter 7

Miranda

The afternoon that Colt and Savanna came to town, the weather was horrendous and depreciated by the hour. The light sleet became heavy and by the time it was dark there was already a light layer of solid ice on everything. Ty had wanted to take the kids outside to see the lights, but the wind had picked up and just hearing it against the windows made them not want to go outside. It didn't help that Ty told them Jack Frost was a real person who came after little boys and girls during the Christmas season.

The two of them ran back in Bella's room and refused to come out to even talk to me. My mother and John had gone over to Ty's parents. As it stood, my aunt and Lucy were going to have a delayed flight due to the weather closing down our airport. I was just glad that Colt had made it here before it got too bad.

We still had three days before Christmas, so they had plenty of time to get the roads and runways clear for a safe travel. There shouldn't have been anything to worry about.

Ty and I had already wrapped everyone's presents and had them all hidden in different places around the house. Van had told me that Colt ordered the twins rival jerseys, so she and I thought it would be funny to surprise the guys with their size jerseys too. I was sure she wanted to do it for the Kodak moment, but it seemed priceless and we knew the guys would get a kick out of it.

We let the family vote on what we were going to make for Christmas Dinner. Since they decided on stuffed shells, Ty took it upon himself to enlist his mother's special recipe. She usually made them a few days before and let them sit in the refrigerator before baking them. With the big kids wanting nothing to do with Ty and the twins sleeping, we sat in the kitchen and started getting everything together. A major part of making them was keeping the large shells from breaking apart as they cooked. A lot of olive oil and stirring was involved.

Ty had me watching the noodles as he added all of the other ingredients to a giant mixing bowl. Once he got the cheese mixture finished, he separated half and added a combination of ground beef, seasoned ground pork and even ground veal in one of the bowls. Some of us preferred no meat in our shells, while others loved them with the works.

Ty made perverted faces as he mixed in the meat with his hands. "This feels so good."

I shook my head and kept stirring the pasta. "It amazes me how you amuse yourself."

"Don't pretend that having a handful of meat isn't hot." He winked and kept working the mixture.

Conner came in the kitchen before I could think of something witty to say back to him. He stuck his finger in the bowl and tasted it. Ty slapped his arm. "Dude, keep your hands off of my meat."

Conner sat down next to him and looked back at me. I shrugged my shoulders, not knowing what to say about it. "Well, just so you know, your meat needs more seasoning. When your mother prepares these, the meat tastes the best."

I set down the spoon and crossed my arms, while leaning on the countertop. "Hearing you two discuss meat and Ty's mother just ain't right. Did you check on the boys when you walked by their room?" It wasn't like he had to do it, but if they were awake I would have assumed he would have told me.

"It was quiet. I reckon their still asleep." He grabbed a napkin and started folding it. "So, I guess Colt dropped off the kid and went to Van's parents?"

Ty finally stood up and started washing his hands. "Yeah, it got nasty out there fast. Everything is a sheet of ice, dude. We're going to have to go out there when it stops and treat the damn lane so they don't get stuck. Four wheel drive is great, but it doesn't help with the ice. What's going to suck worse is if it snows on top of the ice tonight. The roads will be deadly."

Conner agreed, "Yeah and you know some idiots will try to drive in it."

"You could probably make a pretty penny pulling people out of the ditches tomorrow morning though, well, if they haven't already froze to death." My comment was not very Christmas spirited.

Ty drained the noodles and started sitting them out to dry and cool. He grabbed three spoons and the baking sheets and handed us each our own. "Let's get this done so we can get some sleep. I have a feeling tomorrow is going to suck ass." We all sat there stuffing the shells until they were all done.

He was right too, all except for the part about it being tomorrow. We climbed in bed and had just fallen asleep when this faint honking woke us up. We sat up in bed at the same time and looked at each other, first wondering if it was something going off in our own house. Ty climbed out of bed before me and after we both put on some pants, we found Conner on the other side of our door. When Ty got out of our bedroom I saw him whispering to Ty so I couldn't hear.

"What is it? Is something wrong?"

Ty held up his hand for me to stop talking. "We think it's just a disabled car. I knew someone would drive off the road, I just thought it would be tomorrow morning. Who would want to be out in this shit tonight?" He leaned down and kissed my head. "Why don't you just go lay back down. Everything will be fine. We just really need to get out there before everyone in the house wakes up from the sound of that horn."

I could have huffed and puffed over it, but they would still have gone out into the icy conditions to stop the horn from sounding. I looked across the yard and noticed that the light was now on in Ty's parent's house. It was only a matter of time before my house was filled with screaming children.

Instead of waiting for them back in my bedroom, I stared out the window, watching as two four wheelers went driving down the lane. I could see their headlights approaching the car and then they stopped. For the longest time I just stood there, as if I would be able to see something in the dark that was nearly a quarter mile away.

I no sooner sat down on the couch when I heard the four wheelers driving back up in the direction of the house. If they needed the tractor to pull someone out of the ditch they were headed in the wrong direction. Their headlights blinded me and I walked to the door to let them in as they approached. Ty came walking in first and when he glanced at me, he just shook his head. Before I could ask him why he had given me that kind of reaction, my brother came through the door. His coat was wrapped around someone that he was carrying. It was clear that it was a woman. She had her face buried into his chest as she cried and he wasn't holding her like he was rescuing a stranger from a bad storm.

It took me a second to recognize the red hair, but when I did, I couldn't hold back my interest in the situation. I approached my brother, but he kept walking in the direction of his room. I grabbed the back of his t-shirt and noticed the goose bumps from him giving his coat to Amy. "Conner, what is going on?"

"Not tonight, sis. Just let it go for tonight." He kept walking until he reached his room and closed the door behind them. I couldn't understand why she was out in this weather and why she would have been crying. Obviously something major was going on. If Rick hurt her again, why hadn't she called the police or gone to a hospital?

I stormed in my bedroom as Ty was climbing into bed. I pointed at him while I climbed in next to him. He wrapped his arms around me. "Is this how you stay out of things?" I was being rude, but he knew what was going on and wasn't talking. It was pissing me off. Amy was supposed to be my best friend and for months she had been carrying on a secret friendship with my brother.

"I have nothing to do with your brother's decision, Baby. You know that. Just get some sleep and we can talk about this tomorrow. Amy is safe and I am sure your brother will get her to calm down. She knows where to find you if she needs you." He was moving the hair out of my face to kiss me, but I was still angry. Maybe I was hurt that they all had a secret.

I sat up and looked him right in the eyes. "Tell me right now what happened. Why was she out driving in this mess?"

He held his hands up like he gave up. "Fine, if you will shut up about it, I will tell you what I know." He sat up next to me and played with my hand while he talked. "I don't know what's going on between them, as in, what they are to each other. I know that Conner talks to her a lot. When he sneaks out, I think it's to see her...."

I cut him off. "She is married."

"Would you just chill? They could be friends. You don't know."

"Seriously Ty, do you know my brother at all? He has never been friends with a girl, unless they are related. It has to be more." Conner was the last guy any woman needed to be friends with. His black book was a damn encyclopedia.

"Look, all I know is that we went down the lane and she was in her car, honking the horn with a bloody nose. I heard her tell him that she ran out of the house after Rick threw her cell phone against the wall. She probably didn't know where else to go. Just let her be. Conner isn't going to take advantage of the poor woman when she is all messed up. He's more decent than that. Amy came here because she knew we would protect her. Now will you please go back to sleep?" He didn't wait for my answer. Ty slid down on his pillow and rested one arm over my waist as he closed his eyes and went back to sleep.

I was being hardheaded, but I sat up for a while still wanting to know every detail. The longer I waited, the more curious I became and I soon found myself in the hallway, standing outside my brother's door, listening. When I couldn't hear anything, I slowly opened the door to peek my head in. Conner had Amy wrapped tightly in his arms. He'd given her some dry clothes to wear and they were both covered up to their waists. As I looked closer, I could see their fingers were intertwined together as they slept. In all of my life, I had never seen my brother care for a woman that wasn't our family. He'd had girlfriends, but had distanced himself from having any kind of feelings. This was a whole new side to my brother.

A tug caught me off guard and made me jump. I turned around to see Bella standing behind me. "Mommy, what are you doing?"

I put my finger to my lips and closed my brother's door. I grabbed Bella by the hand and pulled her away from his bedroom. "I was just checking on everyone. What are you doing up?" Okay, it was a total lie, but she would have told him I was spying on him. I knew my daughter.

"I had to go to the bathroom and saw you standing there. Will you tuck me back in?" I led her into her room and got her back to bed, before heading to my own.

Spying on my brother had left me with more questions than I had before. He was going to have to start explaining, if Amy was going to be sleeping in his bed.

Chapter 8

Ty

When the boys got up around four in the morning, I hurried in their room and calmed them before they could wake up Miranda. She'd been so damn adamant about getting into her brothers business that I didn't want to discuss it anymore.

I passed Conner walking to the bathroom and he apologized for upsetting his sister. Since he was in his underwear, I opted not to take our conversation to another level. There was nothing like standing around with another man, when we were both in our boxer shorts.

I figured when Miranda got up, the first thing she would do was head toward Conner's room, but I was wrong. She steered clear of her brother and he did the same to her. In fact, Conner only came out of his room to grab a couple sandwiches and sodas and when he did, Miranda was in our room with the boys. When it got to be about three in the afternoon, I couldn't take the three of them tiptoeing around each other. We were family and it was Christmas time. I walked into my room to find my wife folding clothes on our bed. The boys were in the playpen sucking on pacifiers and playing with these plastic rings. Miranda smiled but kept on folding. I reached my arms around her waist and tucked my head into her neck, as I kissed it.

She moved away when it began to tickle her. "I thought you were watchin' a movie."

"Boring!" I turned her around and kissed her softly on the lips. She grabbed the collar of my shirt and pulled me into a deeper kind of kiss than I had expected. I looked down at the boys who were both looking at us. Jax was holding up one of the rings for us to take from him. I leaned over and grabbed the ring. "Thanks Buddy!" I handed him back the ring and patted him on the head. He started shaking it and forgetting all about me being there. I loved how they played together. They couldn't talk, but they had this way of communicating with each other that boggled my mind. I turned back to my wife. "Where were we?"

"You said you got bored." I kissed her again and then slowly worked my lips down to her chin.

She leaned her head back giving me a better angle to kiss her neck. "I can think of something else we can do on an icy day like today."

"Lock the bedroom door." It wasn't a request from Miranda, it was a demand.

I made my way across the bedroom, noticing the twins were too busy with each other to even remotely know what was about to happen. I didn't have time to think about them watching us, because as I got to the bedroom door, someone was knocking on the front door of our house. Being that it was still sleeting and snowing, I couldn't imagine it being anyone other than our family that was staying at my parent's house.

I looked back at Miranda and held up my hands. "If it ain't one thing, it's another. Hold that thought, Baby. In fact, why don't you get that little red Mrs. Claus outfit on for Mr. Claus to take off." I threw her a wink and walked out of the room.

When I got to the door I didn't know what to do. Rick, Amy's abusive and drunk husband was standing there, blowing his heated breath into his hands. Since the door was glass, he'd already seen me approaching it. I opened the door, but didn't offer for him to come in.

"Rick, I don't want any trouble. My family is here visiting and it's Christmas."

He held his hands up like he was surrendering. "I just came for Amy. I know she's here. I saw her car out by the road."

To everyone in town, Rick was just a drunk. He'd never been a violent person at all. I didn't believe he was going to get physical with anyone, well, not unless he knew where Amy was, at that very moment. It occurred to me that I needed to make sure Rick went nowhere near Conner; in fact he didn't even need to know Conner even existed.

"She's in the back bedroom resting. Wait here and I will get her." I left him standing outside while I walked back to tell Miranda what was going on first. The man didn't smell of alcohol and he seemed calm enough to not put up a fuss, but who really knew.

When I got to my bedroom and found my wife, laying across our bed, in nothing but a skimpy Mrs. Claus outfit, I almost forgot all about Rick. She looked so smoking hot; I wanted to pounce right on that shit. "Oh, Baby." I licked my lips. "You don't know how hard this is for me. God, I feel like I am going to kick myself in the face for this. Look, don't be alarmed, Rick is here for Amy."

She stood up before I could say anymore and started walking toward the bedroom door. "MIRANDA!"

She froze and looked down at her body. I threw her a t-shirt and a pair of my sweats off the bed. "Put this on." While she pulled the clothes over top of her cute little number, I explained. "I don't think Amy ever told him about Conner."

She shook her head. "He doesn't know. When he first moved in she said he was very jealous and if she told him that my single brother was living with us she would never be allowed over again."

"Here's the plan then. You go in Conner's room and get Amy. I don't care what you have to do, but do not let your brother come out of that room."

We started walking out of the room. "He's going to want to kill Rick, you know that."

I patted her on the ass. "Then you should take him down like you did when we were kids."

She was already walking away from me. "He's a little bigger than when we were kids."

"Do your best, Baby."

I walked toward the front door again, not wanting Rick to hear Conner when he got wind of who was at the door. I could hear commotion coming from the bedroom and I held my finger up to Rick to let him know it would be another minute and I walked back toward Conner's room. Sure enough, he was fighting Miranda tooth and nail to get to Rick. Amy had him by one arm, while Miranda was blocking the door with her body.

"He needs to know what it's like to have a fist thrown at his face." Conner's face was scrunched up and his eyebrows were creased.

I pushed my way past Miranda and stood in front of Conner. "Amy, I don't care if you stay here for Christmas, hell, I don't even care if there is something really happening between you and Conner, but right now your husband is at our door and he ain't going to leave until you talk to him. Now, I will stand beside you the whole time if that's what you want, but if you want to remain friends with Conner, or whatever else you are to each other, then I suggest he stays put in this room and keeps his mouth shut." I looked Conner right in the eye when I said that last part.

I turned around to look at my wife's reaction. She gave me a smile and grabbed my hand, like she somehow, at that very moment, had come to terms with the Conner/Amy situation. "I'll stay back here with my brother. You two go do what you need to do. Amy, if you want to stay, you know you're welcome. You don't have to go back with him."

Amy put her head down and started to cry. "I wish it were that easy." She looked back at Conner and I saw the disappointment in his eyes. "Conner, you know I can't stay. You know why I have to go."

"You'd pick that over your own safety?" This conversation was deeper than Miranda and I knew.

"I have to. I'm so sorry you guys. I have to go with him." She started putting on her jacket and walking out of the room. Conner looked pissed and he started following her out of the room, but him walking up to Rick in a pair of sweats with no shirt, wouldn't go over good at all, and could put Amy in a worse situation.

I took my hands and pushed Conner back in his room slowly. "Ty, you don't understand. She doesn't want to go with him."

I finally got him pushed down on his bed. Miranda had gone with Amy and I was ready to use force if I had to, in order to keep him from being discovered. We both heard the front door opening and we could hear voices, which meant they would be able to hear us. Conner shook his head, but began talking in a whisper. "She ain't goin' to leave him. He has somethin' on her and she can't afford to leave. I told her she has friends that would help her, but she's adamant, man. I can't just sit back here and know that he's goin' to be layin' his hands on her, forcin' himself on her again."

I stood in front of Conner and looked down at him. He had his hands on his knees, but I knew firsthand that at any second he could take me down and run out into the living room. "You have to let her make the choice. Look, dude, I know she's your friend and I know you care about her, but she's a grown woman. If she wants to leave with him, you have to let her."

We were distracted by a man's cries and both of us stopped talking. Rick was begging Amy to come home for Christmas and he was really putting on a guilt trip.

Conner put his hands in his face and shook his head. "This is bullshit!"

I heard footsteps and saw Iz and Noah walking past the bedroom. With ninja speed, I grabbed the two kids and pulled them into the room with us, closing the door so I could explain my quick reaction. "Somebody came to see Aunt Amy and we don't want him knowing we are all back here. Can you two be quiet for a couple more minutes?"

They both shook their heads and stood there with us, just listening.

The front door closed and a few seconds later, Conner's door opened. Amy was standing there with tears in her eyes. It didn't take a genius for me to get that they needed to talk, so I grabbed the kids and we vacated the room promptly.

I found Miranda sitting on our bed. The boys were starting to get fussy and I think she just needed a second to herself. I grabbed Jake and Jax and put them on the bed with me and Miranda. They were rolling around, making noises with their mouths. "Why didn't she go?"

"She told him that she wasn't going to drive home with him after he'd been drinkin'. Since I was sittin' there, he stayed calm and agreed that it was best she stay until he sobered up. Amy gave him the number to the house phone and he seemed to calm down a bit once he knew where she was. Although, he has no idea that she's back there with my brother." Miranda got comfortable on her side, so she was facing me and the boys.

I kept sitting the twins up and laughing when they fell back on the pillows. They were getting a kick out of it happening too and made it a game. "You know, we're going to have a great Christmas."

She smiled and looked me in the eye. "As long as my brother doesn't go to jail for killin' someone."

I started to laugh. "Yeah, that could be a real buzzkill." I reached over and grabbed her hand. "As long as I get to see you in that little outfit and be the one to take it off, it will be the Best. Christmas. Ever."

Chapter 9

Miranda

After finally coming to the realization that whatever was going on between my brother and my best friend was out of my hands, things got better that evening. Conner and Amy came out of his room and we sat by the fire and played cards. None of us brought up her situation and although they were sitting close to each other, they weren't acting like they were together.

Colt and Van didn't make it to our house until noon the next day. It was fine by us since we'd stayed up way too late playing cards and then got up two more times with the boys. We ended up letting them sleep in our bed with us, in order to be able to sleep longer.

When I woke up I found both of them cuddled up against their father. Sweat was in all three of their hair, but it never woke them. I snapped a quick picture, before climbing out of bed and heading to the bathroom.

Ty and the boys slept until ten and when they woke up, my quiet house seemed like it was already filled. Once Colt and Van arrived, the chaos began. We carried in all of the gifts and hid them from Noah and Bella. Colt and Van looked at Amy and Conner with curious eyes, but never asked a single question. I knew at some point the guys would go out to the barn to shoot pool and they could ask Conner anything they wanted out there.

Christian had started walking and Van and I spent the first hour trying to remove everything she could get her hands on. She liked to pick things up and taste them, even if it was an electrical cord, or a Christmas decoration. Poor Van couldn't take her eyes away from her for even a second.

Van's parents had volunteered to pick up my aunt and Lucy from the airport, since they finally were able to get a flight in. The roads were still a mess, but the main highways were clear enough for safe travel.

Ty's mother had made a huge spread and we all bundled up and headed next door for an early Christmas Eve dinner. We had to pull Amy's arm, but she finally agreed to tag along. Of course, my mother eyed her up and kept pulling me to the side asking me a million questions. Since I really knew little, it was easy to dodge my mother.

With the whole family at my in-laws for the evening, Ty and I were able to relax for a change. Christian was walking around finding all types of new things she could fit into her mouth, while the boys were being passed all around from family member to family member, and of course, Noah and Bella were occupied with each other. John had brought them gingerbread house kits and they were sitting at the table with John and their Pop pop trying to assemble them.

After we all ate so much that we could barely move us women helped clean up, while the guys were watching some kind of sports event in the family room. The twins were down for a nap and Colt was on Christian duty. If my boys were half as curious as that little girl, then this time next year was going to be interesting, to say the least.

Van and I tried to include Amy in everything we did. I think it was hard for her to feel comfortable when everyone there knew she was my boss and that she was married. They'd all met her at my baby shower and a few times since then, so she had to feel awkward. It didn't make it any easier for the family when Conner snuck out to feed Scotch and Amy went with him. All eyes were on them as they walked out of the house, and even more so when Conner put his arm around her as they walked away.

Since it was getting dark and the weather was getting even colder, none of us could go to midnight mass at the church in town. It was too icy to take the chance, so we opted for a night of wine with some extremely spiked eggnog and enough of Ty's crude jokes to occupy an Irish pub for a month.

John sat with all the kids and read The Night Before Christmas, before we took them all over to go to sleep. Van's parents had gone home right at dark, before the roads got any worse and she and Colt were sleeping on our pull out sofa.

Once we all headed over to our house, we found Conner and Amy watching Christmas movies on the couch. We carried the sleeping kids to their beds and started playing Santa.

Conner jumped up and got Ty's attention. "You know what we forgot?"

Ty got a smile on his face. "Baby, in ten minutes wake up Iz and Noah and tell them to look out the window in her room."

I wasn't sure what they were up to, but I agreed to it anyway. We watched the two men get bundled up and head outside. After waiting the ten minutes, we went into her room and had them look out the window. Behind Ty's parent's house was a bright flash and then this red box with something sitting inside of it went flying off the roof. Noah and Bella looked at each other with wide eyes.

I leaned down and tried my best not to laugh. "I think that was Santa."

Noah smiled from ear to ear. "It was Santa. I just know it!"

"Mommy, can we go open our presents now?" Poor Bella thought it would be fine to open them since she'd seen Santa leaving.

"No, honey, you have to go back to sleep. Santa hasn't come here yet because you were both awake."

They jumped down from the window and climbed back into the bed. Colt and Van stood at the door, trying not to laugh as I tucked them back in and followed my cousins out of the room.

When the guys came back in, they were so excited. "So, did it look real?" Ty asked.

Colt started laughing. "Real enough for them to believe it."

"That's awesome." Ty rubbed his hands together. "So Van, you ready to do adult pictures?"

She cocked her eyebrow. "It's late. Why can't we wait until the morning?"

I shook my head and watched my husband run back in our room and grab the bag full of red velvet. When he came out, he emptied the bag on her lap. She looked up at him. "I know you are joking right now."

He shook his head. "Nope, this is my year to choose. Go get your ass changed. We have a photo to take."

Van stood up and put her hands on her hips. Her little pregnant belly was showing and she covered it with her shirt quickly. "I am not putting that on."

Ty grabbed the outfit intended for Van and stretched it out. "It stretches to fit the largest of asses."

She smacked him on the arm. "My ass isn't fat!"

I sat down next to Colt and started eating from his bag of popcorn; just watching the two of them bicker. It had become very entertaining through the years.

"If it ain't fat, then why don't you put it on and prove it, fatty pants." Ty smacked her ass as if to push her toward the bathroom.

She lifted her knee and got him right between the legs. "That's for saying I'm fat."

He was still leaned over, trying to breathe. "I didn't say YOU were fat, I said your ass was."

She pushed his disabled body to the couch and looked at me and Colt. "How can you two just sit there and not say anything?"

We both started to laugh and shrugged, making her roll her eyes, like she always did.

I stood up and looked at poor Ty, who was still holding his balls with a red face. "I think it would be fun. I say we just do it."

She pointed at me. "You always take his side." She pointed to Colt. "Babe, tell them this is a stupid idea."

Colt reached over and grabbed his wife by the shoulders. "Darlin', don't get all mad at me, but I think it would be hilarious."

She grabbed the little red outfit and pouted her way to the bathroom. "I hate you guys!"

Ty sat up; probably feeling like he'd won the battle. "No you don't!" He smacked me on the ass. "Hurry up and get changed before she changes her mind and go get your brother. He needs to be in this shit too."

Getting my brother to agree to the photo didn't turn out to be easy. He handed Ty a fifty dollar bill and offered to be the photographer instead.

By the time I came out of the bedroom in my little number, Ty and Colt were standing there in their velvet briefs while Van had her hands crossed in front of her chest, hiding her belly. I ran up and pulled her hands away. "You look so cute."

She covered herself back up with a pillow. "I can't believe you knew about this and didn't tell me."

I pulled her up off the couch. "It will be fun. Will you lighten up? You're the prettiest pregnant woman ever and Conner will make sure your belly doesn't even show."

Colt pulled her into his arms and she started to relax. Amy had draped a white sheet behind us and even laid out a couple wrapped presents and even a sack that was red. We tried to be quiet, but trying to pose while Ty made ridiculous comments was harder than it seemed. Conner finally got Van and Colt on one side, while Ty and I were on the opposite. We were both supposed to be looking in the sack, but my husband was looking at his own package the entire time, making comments to Van. "Good thing she didn't kick hard enough. My jewels are still intact! My meat is still edible! My tube steak is fully functional! The frank is still above the beans!"

I had no idea how the picture was going to turn out, but the fact that we went through with it was enough to satisfy my husband for many holiday photos to come. Before we changed, Ty went up and hugged Van. "Thank you for being a good sport."

She hugged him back. "I still hate you."

He kissed her on the cheek. "You're a terrible liar."

I think once we all changed into our pajamas we were too tired for anything else. We all went to sleep, knowing that it was only a matter of time before one of the babies were going to wake up the whole house. For the second night in a row, the boys slept in bed with us.

When the sun started to come up, we had two screaming kids waking the whole house and they weren't the babies. We found Bella and Noah jumping on top of Van and Colt on the sofabed, begging them to wake up.

Almost the entire room was filled with presents and all they wanted to do was start opening them. Making them wait while we made coffee and got changed was torture. They spent the time sorting out everything and choosing the order of what they were opening first.

The grandparents had their own presents to bring, so this was just round one of the mayhem. Once we were all situated, we gave the go-ahead.

Ten minutes later, the room was filled with wrapping paper and two very excited children. But, we still had one big surprise for our little girl. Ty cleared his throat and told everyone to put a coat on. Once he got boots on Bella and Noah, he opened the door to show Harvey walking Scotch up to the house. He'd put a red bow around his neck. Conner carried out all of the riding gear from our closet and set it in front of Bella. She ran up to her new pony and waited to be lifted on. Once she was on his back, she leaned forward and hugged her little pony. "Thank you, Mommy and Daddy. This is the best Christmas ever!"

Colt grabbed Noah by the hand and walked him around the house to where his giant plane sat ready to fly. Noah started jumping up and down and screaming in excitement. All of the men huddled over and watched as Colt took it for a spin, showing Noah how to steer it.

When it got too cold for everyone, the whole family went back inside. The rest of the day was filled with more presents, and even more trash. By three in the afternoon we were eating salad and stuffed shells and sitting inside a very full house, not wanting to be anywhere else.

All of our hard work had paid off and we had so much to be thankful for. I looked over at the couch where Colt and Ty were wearing their new jerseys and holding the boys that also had on theirs. Van was taking a picture of them and smiling the whole time. Conner was leaning against the kitchen counter talking to Amy, who sat on the other side. Rick had never come back to pick her up or even called and she didn't seem too concerned about it. She knew she was welcome at our house.

Noah and Bella were playing with her Barbie's and his trucks, while the grandparents kept the little ones in check. I still hadn't opened my present from Ty, but just being here with everyone was all I wanted. It was perfect!

Later that night, after a lot of card games, and a bunch more liquor, I crawled into bed with my husband. Everyone in the house was conked out, except for us.

Ty handed me two boxes and leaned on his arm. "Merry Christmas beautiful."

The first was a clothing box, and when I opened it, I wasn't too shocked to find lingerie. I held it up and watched Ty giving me the look. The second gift was much smaller. It was a tiny box, with a little red bow on top. I smiled as I opened the package and pulled out a beautiful necklace with a diamond heart charm. "It's beautiful, Ty, thank you so much."

"Thank you for being my wife. I love you, Baby."

I leaned over and kissed my awesome husband. "I love you too."

As he pulled away he started to smile. "There's mistletoe in my boxers."

"Now you're talkin'."

