Chapter One

Justin Holloway was bloody f**ked. No, not just f**ked. Fucked, with a capital "F." He had barely made a splash in the London theater scene before his agent booked him this role. Gary said he was ready to be the lead actor inside an opulent Broadway theater in New York f**king City.

Justin wasn't quite as sure.

How could he possibly be ready to play the role of Marius in Les Miserables? When he had told his agent he wanted to be on Broadway someday, he'd meant it that way. Some-bloody-day. Not this day. Not this early in his career. Les Miserables was only scheduled to be in New York for a limited run. It had been taken off of Broadway a few years ago, but he, Justin Holloway, managed to land a role.

A big role, at that.

But he didn't belong here, in more ways than one. Usually, his accent stood out like an Oreo crumb in a cup of milk, and no matter how many times he walked home from rehearsal, he still got lost at least once each week. It was as if the city blocks moved locations overnight just to mess with him.

How bloody big was this city, anyway?

Guess it was time to find out. On his way out the door, Justin caught sight of himself in the mirror. He'd borrowed a stage crew shirt after a lunchtime mishap rendered his own shirt unwearable. If he didn't succeed in the role of Marius, he'd be wearing one of these shirts for the rest of his life. But he loved the business too much to slink away into the shadows at the first sign of failure, hanging in the eaves, changing scenery and shining lights on the stars he'd once sung with.

Justin tossed his messenger tote over his shoulder, shut off the lights in the dressing room, and headed down the hallway. His footsteps echoed in the deserted corridor. The rest of the actors had gone home long ago. Or perhaps they'd gone out to party. He'd been invited to join them, but tomorrow was opening night, so he decided to go home, drink some whiskey, and convulse in the corner instead.

Blast. He gave up.

He reached into his coat pocket, muttered a curse, and closed his fingers around his cell. Perhaps he would ring Gary, his agent in LA, and ask him what the bloody hell he'd been thinking sending him to this country. Although, that would be the third time this week he'd posed the same exact question ...

With a press of his thumb, his phone came to life. "Call wretched agent."

Siri beeped and said, "Calling Gary Hassleman."

He picked up on the second ring. "Yes, Justin, you can do this. And why are you calling me? You should be out getting laid. That solves everything."

Justin grit his teeth. He might have resorted to carnal satisfaction in the past, but his days of being London's leading wanker were over. He wanted to be taken seriously as an actor, not a womanizer. He needed to focus. "I'm not in need of a bloody shag, Gary. I need my agent to reassure me that I can do this. That I can be Marius."

Gary sighed. "When the reviews start rolling in from the New York Times, and popping up all over the web, you'll know what I already do."

"Yeah?" He shifted the phone to his other ear. "And what's that, Gary?"

"You were made for this role. You'll be perfect." The clunk of papers being stapled came through the phone. "I'm gonna tell you a little secret about myself. I'm a little bit of a dickhead when it comes to work. I only sign the best because I only want to work with the best because I'm the best. If I signed you as my client ... you're the best. Now get over it."

That shouldn't have made him feel better, but it kind of did ... for all of two seconds. Then the doubt came rushing back. "Yeah? Well I don't feel like the best right now."

"That's your choice. But either way, stop calling me for reassurance. You wouldn't have gotten the role if you weren't ready."

Justin opened his mouth and closed it. "But-?"

The beeping of his phone told him either the call was dropped, or his agent had hung up on him. Brilliant. He felt so much better. He should call him back and tell him exactly what he thought of his brash manner and where he could shove it. Taking his frustration out on the door with his shoulder, he slammed into something solid. Judging from the feminine cry, immediately followed by a resounding splash-the something he hit was a woman.

His iPhone clattered to the ground, bounced, and landed on his left shoe. Bending down, he snatched it up and dropped his phone back into his pocket before peering around the door cautiously. With his luck, it would be the woman who played the lead prostitute and who had been trying to get into his bed since the second his foot crossed the threshold of the theater. And he would have to apologize to her and help her to her feet. Then she would grope at him for the millionth time, and he would have to politely decline.

But it wasn't her.

A blonde woman sat in a huge puddle, her hands on either side of her hips, with a bemused expression on her face. Her full lips were pressed in a thin line, and her green eyes shone even in the moonlight. Her cheeks were damp with tears, and her mascara had run, as if she'd been crying before he crashed into her.

A pity that a woman as beautiful as she was should have something to cry about.

Her pink skirt ended about three inches above the knee, and despite Justin's concern for the woman, he couldn't help but notice the exposed skin of her thighs. Her bare, wet skin. Though he knew he should move and help the woman to her feet, he couldn't stop staring at her. There was something about her that called to him.

"Well, that was unexpected," she said dryly. "Despite the heat, I would have preferred to chill off a bit in a pool rather than a puddle. But this helped immensely. Thanks."

Clearing his throat, he ignored the primal urge to continue examining the beautiful woman he'd knocked to the ground, and offered her his hand. As he should have done immediately. "Sorry, miss, I didn't see you there."

"Obviously," she mumbled, her eyes still on him. She flicked a glance at his extended hand and then stood on her own, wobbling on her white stilettos. He reached out to steady her, but she jerked her arm back and shot him a look. Tugging her soaked skirt back down to her knees, she asked, "What's your rush? And do you always shove through doors like you're running from a masked gunman?"

He crossed his arms over his chest. She was absolutely cheesed off. "Yes, actually, I do. But I wasn't expecting someone to be lurking by the stage exit on a non-performance night, either. Do you fancy hiding in dark alleys?" He cocked his head. "Or do I have my very first American stalker?"

Her cheeks tinged pink, but she fisted her hands. "Yes, because I'm certainly stalking a stage crew member in my spare time."

What made her think he was stage crew, as opposed to an actor? Even after looking down at his admittedly worn slacks, he couldn't figure it out. Perhaps it was his messenger tote. Had she mistaken it for a utility bag? Then he saw the T-shirt, and he could've slapped himself on the forehead. Of course she thought he would be in the stage crew. He was wearing a shirt that quite literally placed him as one. He should correct her. Let her know who he really was. But then again ...

Perhaps not.

He shrugged. "I'll have you know that stage crew are just as stalker worthy as actors. If not more."

"If you say so." She cocked her head. "I'll have to take your word for it. The first one I met knocked me down within seconds, so color me unimpressed."

He flinched. "Yeah. About that. Sorry that I knocked you on your arse." He made a sweeping gesture toward her general hip vicinity. His gaze dropped down, and stayed. She had a hell of an arse, after all. "Hopefully it's not too sore. I'd hate to think of you limping through the streets on my account. Need some help getting home?"

"First you knock me down, then you ask how my butt feels," She tilted her head, her green eyes lit up mischievously. All signs of her earlier tears were gone. "And now you want to follow me home? I think I'll pass, but thanks."

A horn beeped in the distance, setting off a domino effect of honking. New Yorkers had no patience whatsoever. He rubbed the back of his neck and stifled a laugh. He should walk away now. Go home. Get bladdered with a bottle of whiskey. Save his voice for tomorrow. "What? That's not a normal American introduction?"

She canted her head. "Not really. We usually save the butt talk for the second meeting. And we usually wait to beat each other up until then, too."

"Blimey. I had no idea." He grinned. "If we meet again, I'll refrain from knocking you down, and then we'll be squared up. Deal?"

"Somehow I think this is a one-time-only thing," she said, waving a hand toward the back of the alley. "As nice as you seem to be, I think we're done here, uh ... ?"

"Name's Justin." He grinned and used his best sleazy-guy voice, holding his hand out for hers. "You look familiar. Do you come here often?"

"Wh-What?" She shot him a startled look and then laughed. She looked surprised at the sound that escaped her, even going so far as to cover her mouth. "Uh. No. I don't come here often." She shook her head, but a smile played at her lips. "And I can't believe you just used the corniest pick up line ever invented on me in a dark alley. That's a first."

He bowed. "Well, you're the first woman I've dumped on the ground, so I'd say we make a great team."

"Yeah, sure." She tucked her hair behind her ear and averted her eyes. She started to walk past him. "Any who, thanks for the puddle and the wet skirt. It's been great. Really. A fantastic end to an otherwise horrible day."

He cleared his throat and tried to think of something to say to get her to stay. Her banter was providing the perfect distraction. And he wanted to make her laugh again. He liked her laugh. "Why were you here? In this dark alley at night?"

She stilled. "Would you believe I was planning to mug you?"

"If that's the case," he took his bag off and held it out. "Here you go. It's yours."

She flitted a gaze down at it. "No thanks. I changed my mind. Can't rob people in a wet skirt. It's just not fashionable."

He chuckled, and of their own accord his eyes focused on her arse. The wet skirt defined every single curve, leaving little to the imagination. "I didn't know society rules held out over nefarious robberies."

"Fashion always wins," she replied, turning back to him with a smile. "It's girl code."

His heart sped up at her soft smile. She really was gorgeous. "Is it also girl code to look so stunning in a wet skirt?"

"No, that's just me." Her cheeks went red. "I was here because I went for a walk. I was scoping out the theater and got distracted."

He stepped closer, his breath held. Reaching out, he swiped a hand across her damp cheek, smearing away the makeup that had escaped with her tears. "You had a little mascara on your cheek." He hesitated, wondering if he should ask her why she'd cried. He wanted to know, needed to know, but he barely knew the woman. "Must've been from the splashing of the puddle."

She moved away from him and swiped her hands under her eyes with shaky hands. "Yeah. Must've been."

"Hey ... " He watched her, not missing the tight lines around her mouth. Something was wrong with her. He knew it. "Are you all right?"

She flushed. "I'm fine. I'll be going now."

He clenched his fists. He couldn't force her to talk to him or to stay if she didn't want to. "See you around our alley sometime?"

"I doubt it." She clung to her purse. "I don't like plays ... or musicals, so I'm not usually here."

Wait. What? She didn't like Broadway? "You're from New York, correct?"

"Yeah. So?"

"I thought it was written in the laws of New York City that all New Yorkers had to like Broadway, or they would be hanged until death in Times Square for all to see."

She laughed again. "If so, I'm doomed."

"Don't worry." He leaned closer. So close he could smell the soft scent of her perfume. Something flowery and light-like her laugh. "I won't turn you in to the authorities."

"Really?" She looked up at him, her eyes wide. "You mean, it'll be our little secret?"

"Absolutely." He got lost in her eyes. There were little specks of amber in the green. He hadn't seen that from further away. "Our dirty little secret. But only if ... "

She cocked her head. "If what?"

Should he say what was on his mind? Or should he stick to the original plan of a night at home ... alone? Her rose-scented perfume filled his senses more completely than the evening's July heat, and he knew he didn't want to let her leave just yet. He wanted to make her laugh some more. To chase away the shadows of pain that still lurked in her eyes even now. He might have knocked her down, but now? He wanted to pick her back up.

She looked like she needed that tonight.

He stepped in front of her, this time his frame towering over her petite one. He wasn't the tallest man in the world, and yet the tip of her head barely reached his shoulders. " ... If you go out with me tonight."

Her jaw dropped. "What? I don't think so."

"You look like you need a distraction tonight." He brushed her hair behind her ear, watching her closely as she shivered. Yes, she definitely felt something, too. Good. "Let me be your distraction."

She put her hands on her hips. "And what do you hope to get out of this? Sex?"

"Did I say that?" he asked softly. "It's the fourth of July." He interjected a fair amount of drollness to his tone. "As I understand it, this is an important date to Yanks. The reason escapes me."

Her lips twitched and she eyed him. "It's when we sent your ancestors packing."

"Ah, yes. That's right." He tapped her nose with his finger. "Do you have a barbie to attend?"

"A barbie?" She chuckled and gave a slight shake of her head. "You mean, like, a barbeque?"

"Yes." He ran his fingers through his thick hair, feeling awkward and foolish and as out of place as ever. "That's the tradition, right?"

She lifted a shoulder. "Yeah, usually. I was supposed to go to my sisters, but I'm kind of avoiding people today."

"Why?"

"I'm in a mood." She flitted a hand in front of her. "I'm avoiding people for their own good. Being with Debbie Downer on a holiday isn't fun for anyone. So I'm going to spend the holiday in my apartment. I just wanted to go for a walk, first."

"You're going to be all alone?"

She lifted a brow. "Now who's the stalker?"

He chuckled, though inwardly he cringed. He'd give her that. He had sounded a bit on the creepy side. All he needed was the eerie Darth Vader voice to go with it. "I bet you have lots of stalker or admirers."

"Wow." Her lips tilted up into a smile. "That's a sweet thing to say. I think. But I'm not an actress or even remotely famous. No stalkers in my life."

Eyeing her mouth, he couldn't help but wish she were an actress. Namely, Cossette. He wouldn't mind having to kiss her every night for the next year. Sometimes twice a day. And then, when they went home together, he could kiss her because he wanted to-not because the script called for it. And he could spend every night making those eyes shine and hearing her bubbly laugh.

He cocked a brow. "Shall I audition for the part?"

"That would be the most boring role you'd ever find." She pulled at her skirt again, clearly uncomfortable. He should let her go, and yet ...

"I doubt that. I've had my share of tedious jobs."

She nodded and started scooting away from him again. "Anyway, thanks for the offer, but I'll pass. It was nice meeting you."

He took a deep breath. Time to tumble arse over tit into it. "You want to know what I hope to get out of this?"

She stopped walking away from him, her shoulders straight. Slowly, she turned back to him, her brows up. "Sure."

"I need a distraction, too. Sorely."

She took a slow breath. "How convenient that we both need to forget, and we're both here in this alley."

"Precisely."

She let go of her skirt and met his eyes. "I don't even know you. You could be a crazy psycho for all I know."

"I'm Justin. I told you that earlier. I work here." He pointed over his shoulder. "And I am the only one here with a British accent, so I'm pretty bloody easy to describe if I do something horrific to you. Don't forget. The eyes are blue."

"Oh yeah?" She put her hands on her hips, but ruined the effect by laughing. "And what if you're a serial killer? I won't be able to point you out from the dead-though I'd certainly try."

"A serial killer who invites you to dinner before offing you? If I wanted to kill you," he motioned around the ever-darkening alley, "this would be a better location than a crowded pub, don't you think?"

Her lips curved upward into a hesitant smile. "You have a point. But still ... "

"Please? I feel awful about knocking you down. But maybe fate threw us together to help us through tonight." He rubbed the back of his neck, shooting her the most charming smile he could manage. "We're here to help one another get blasted and forget."

She tilted her head to the side and put her hands on her hips. "You believe in fate?"

"Absolutely. Don't you?"

She shook her head, her lips pressed tightly together. "No. I believe in timing and coincidence. Not fate."

"Well, then," he smiled at her. She made it almost too easy. "Timing threw us together quite coincidentally. Have dinner with me, please. Come on, you do eat, don't you? Or is that against girl code, too?"

She rolled her eyes, but smiled. "And if it is?"

"Well, then," he leaned in close, bending until his lips were level with her right ear. He kept his voice low and rumbly. "I'd say the time has come for you to be a rebel."

She shivered. "What makes you think I'm not one already?"

"Hmm." He toyed with her hair and backed up a step so he could look into her eyes. They were wide, and her breath came out a little bit fast. If she were a rebel, then he would wear a blooming skirt to work every day for a fortnight. "Gut instinct?"

Something that looked a lot like defiance blazed in her eyes. She grabbed a hold of his shirt and didn't let go. She didn't pull him closer or push him away. Just held him still. "Careful how much you go with your gut. It might lead you down the wrong path."

"I think it's leading me on the right one tonight." He eyed her, and cradled her cheek with his hand. "Go out with me, luv?"

She smiled, and still didn't drop her hold on him. "You're making it hard to say no. Especially with your accent."

"Then say 'yes.'" He rubbed his thumb over her lower lip. She took a shaky breath, and tightened her grip on his shirt. He'd bet his left nut this attraction wasn't one-sided. She might not know who he really was, but why should he tell her he wasn't stage crew? He kind of wanted to be a normal guy for once and relished the anonymity for a change. Back home, people recognized him as the rising star everyone wanted to know about.

But here?

He was nobody. And he didn't want her to look at him like all the other girls did. He wanted her to look at him like he was a man. Just a man. "Blimey! You know what? I don't know even know your name."

"Blimey?" She smiled, and her eyes sparkled up at him. "I like the way you talk. I could listen to it all night."

"Great. It's settled." He grabbed her hand. "Name?"

She didn't pull away, and that smile struck again. She could disarm the entire Royal Navy with a simple smile if she set her mind to it. "I'm Alexis, but you can call me Lexi."

"Pleased to meet you. Now that names are out of the way ... care to go to dinner with me, Lexi?"

"I'm not interested in a relationship right now," she said flatly. "At all."

He dropped her hand and backed away from her. "Whoa, whoa, whoa. Slow down a second. I didn't say anything about relationships. I only mentioned dinner and getting shitfaced. Don't take advantage of me just yet."

"I-I didn't mean to ... I mean I ... " She turned bright red and covered her cheeks with her hands. "Oh God. This is horrible."

He wagged a finger at her. "And before you go and propose marriage to me-no, I don't need a green card. I'm well and dandy in that aspect."

She blinked up at him then burst into laughter. "You're messing with me, aren't you?"

He held his thumb and pointer finger up, holding them close together "Perhaps a wee bit." He grinned. "Now, about our non-committal, non-relationship-forming dinner ... ?"

She pointed at him, one hand on her hip. "It's not a date."

"Of course not." He offered his arm. "It's a distraction."

She eyed his arm as if he offered her a lift into a pit full of snakes instead of a meal. She took a deep breath, slid her hand into his arm, and led him out of the alley. "This is me being spontaneous and accepting a dinner invite from the strange man who knocked me on my ass in an alley on July 4th. Let it be marked in the official court records, in case you kill me tonight."

"Consider it duly recorded." He fought back a triumphant grin. "So, I know this nice little Italian place in SoHo-"

She snorted. "In America, we don't do Italian food on the fourth of July. We do burgers, beer, and fireworks. If you're going out with a Yank on this night of all nights, then you'll be one, too."

He shuddered. "Perish the thought."

Chuckling, she tugged him closer and led him out onto the packed sidewalks. "By the end of the night, I'll have you singing the national anthem as the fireworks explode over the Statue of Liberty."

He raised a brow. Not likely. After all, he needed to save his voice for tomorrow. If anything, he should back out of dinner and go home. Rest. "We'll see about that."

Gary had told him to go out and have fun ... and he was nothing if not cooperative.

Chapter Two

Lexi stole a peek at Justin, hoping she hadn't just agreed to go out with a crazy, ax-wielding madman. She didn't pick up random men off of the street and go out with them. She was sensible. Smart. Organized.

Not impulsive and daring.

But then again ... he was right. She really needed a distraction. And people went on blind dates all the time. She at least knew what Justin looked like, if nothing else. Should she snap a picture of him and text it to her sister in case he was a murderer? Pulling her Blackberry out, she switched it onto silent and snapped a picture as best as she could while walking down a crowded NYC street and trying not to be so obvious about it.

She got his shoulder.

Oh well. She'd just be murdered and he would escape without being caught. No biggie. She stole another glance at him and he smiled. Looking away quickly, she ducked her head to hide the blush of her cheeks. He didn't look like a murderer. If he was, at least he was a hot one.

While they hadn't exactly met under the best of circumstances, he'd made her laugh a few times despite it. Already, he'd proved to be a diversion. She couldn't remember the last time a man had made her laugh. Made her want to flirt and have fun and be free. This was a hard time of year for her and she'd chosen to spend it alone, mourning with a bottle of wine, sometimes two.

Alone. Missing her fiance. Her dead fiance. It still hurt to think about him. To miss him. And tonight? She'd been missing him a lot. Right up until she fell in that puddle. After that, she'd been too distracted by Justin to feel sorry for herself. For the first time in the past year, she felt like doing something other than missing him. She felt like being with someone other than herself.

She was freaking sick of herself.

A taxi zoomed by and the driver shouted at someone to "move out of the f**king road," and she snapped out of her thoughts. "So, why are you here in America? Why come all the way out here to work on the stage if you can do it back home?"

"Are you mad?" He looked at her as if she'd sprouted two heads. "It's bloody Broadway. Every actor-," he broke off and looked over his shoulder at the theater, "-and c-crewman would kill for the opportunity to work here. To soak in the lights and the applause. To be in this city. The better question is, 'why wouldn't I choose New York?' Everything about this city screams culture and the arts."

When he spoke, his voice carried a lilting quality usually reserved for singers. As if he were singing. Perfect breath spans and pauses. And his accent? She could listen to him drone on about the freaking weather and be perfectly content just sitting there for hours. Perhaps he was an aspiring actor, or a singer. Besides, isn't every waitress here an aspiring actress? It was the city of dreams, after all.

Or so they said.

He pulled her against his side, moving her out of the way of a woman barreling toward them with a double stroller. The contact sent a jolt of desire pinging through her, and she pulled away stiffly. She shouldn't be feeling that for another man ... should she?

Flushing, she hurried for something to say. What had they been talking about again? The weather? His hot accent? Her inappropriate reaction to his touch? "Uh ... I see your point. I guess I just didn't realize the same held true for the crew members. But then again, you're not just a crewman, are you?"

His eyes widened and he stopped walking. "I beg your pardon?"

Someone crashed into him, making Justin stumble forward. She grabbed his arm to help him right himself, but ended up being dragged with him. He managed to catch both himself and her without either of them hitting the ground, but she ended up in his arms. Again.

"Move the hell out of the sidewalk, dumbass," the man snarled, shoving past them. The rest of the crowd surrounding them followed his path. New Yorkers were good at avoiding obstruction, but they were also excellent at running over obstructions-so they better move.

Justin swung her out of the way of a homeless guy pushing his cart. He held her close to his chest, his arms holding her close. She clung to him, unable to believe how vicious people were being tonight. "We better move before the Americans take down yet another Brit on the fourth."

Justin set her down on her feet, his hands on her hips. Hers rested on his shoulders. His hard, muscular shoulders. "Sorry. I didn't mean to bring you down with me."

"First the puddle. Now this." She let go of his shoulders and grabbed his hand. "I better keep you close to me before you kill us both. Come on."

"Lead the way." He grinned and tightened his fingers on hers. "But back on topic ... how did you know I'm a singer?"

"I have a bit of experience with musicians." Lexi grabbed his arm and made him walk before they got trampled to death. "You hope to be on stage one day, don't you?"

"Experience, eh?" He didn't answer at first. Instead, he eyed her and moved her out of the way of a huge guy barreling toward them. "It's a guy, isn't it? Tell me about him."

"There's nothing to tell." She avoided his eyes. "I dated a guy in a band once. He was a jerk to the nth degree, and I never want to see him again ... but he talked like you. Perfect breath spans. Perfect rhythm."

She stopped at the intersection to wait for their turn. A man came up in front of them and yelled something about designer purses for ten bucks, and she shook her head at him.

"You're very observant."

"Not really. I just recognize it. It's almost like you can't shut it off or something. My ex was the same way-may he rot in hell."

Something made his eyes sparkle. "I'm beginning to think your disinterest in professional actors and musicians runs a bit deeper. Maybe more along the lines of hatred."

"Maybe." She blew out a breath. "Fine. Yes. I'm sure there are nice ones out there, but I tend to be a little skeptical until proven wrong. But you didn't answer my question. Do you hope to make it on stage one day?"

He hesitated, giving her a look that was hard to read. He didn't seem to know what to say in response. Odd. A woman held her hand out and begged him for spare change. He pulled out a five and placed it in her hand. "It's always been my dream to be on stage. Ever since I was a young boy, fresh out of nappies."

Nappies. God, she loved his odd little phrases and sayings-even if it made him harder to understand. The light switched, and the massive crowd crossed the street. She pulled him alongside her, not letting go. She didn't trust him not to be killed on the sidewalk. "Are you any good?"

"I'd hope so," he answered dryly. He ran his thumb over her knuckles. It did weird things to her insides, that simple touch. "What do you do?"

She smiled and looked down at the sidewalk. Her favorite Sabrett's vendor waved at her, and she waved back. "I'm a stock broker. Pretty tedious, I know. But that's me. Predictable and boring."

"I don't think you're boring." He nudged her with his elbow, shooting her a grin. God, he was hot. Did he realize what that grin did to her insides? Of course he did. He was probably a player. And she'd better remember it. "As a matter of fact, I find you quite interesting."

"You don't know me very well, then." She grinned. "Or you're just desperate for a friend."

"Perhaps a little of both?"

She chuckled. "Maybe."

He did that thing where he ran his thumb over her skin again. "Does your family live here in the city?"

"My sister lives in Jersey."

"Jersey?" He shuddered and twisted his face up. "And you still speak to her? Preposterous."

She laughed. "Are you sure you're not a New Yorker?"

"I'm a fast learner. Besides, even a Brit," he made air quotes with his free hand, "has good sense in these matters."

"I see that." She tugged him closer, her mouth aching from the big smile on her face. When was the last time she'd laughed so freely? With Hugh. The thought sobered her, and guilt swept over her without pity. She shouldn't be laughing with another guy. She shouldn't forget his memory, and what he'd been to her, for even a second.

Especially today.

She wondered what Hugh would think of this. Of Justin. He'd told her that if something happened to him, she should forget about him and move on. But how was she supposed to do that? To just forget? To move on? She had never even considered it. Until just now. Until Justin.

It wasn't right. She shouldn't be feeling this way.

"All right?" Justin gave her an odd look, and his gaze fell to her no longer smiling mouth. "A penny for your thoughts."

She forced a smile. "I only accept quarters. Sorry."

"Hmm." He rummaged in his pocket and pulled out a dollar bill. "I have a dollar. May I pay up in advance for the evening?"

"I'll take the dollar." She snatched the money out of his hand. "But you aren't getting my thoughts out of the deal."

"Bollocks." He ran a hand over his jaw, hiding a grin behind his hand. "Americans are tougher than I thought."

"You have no idea." She chuckled. "How long have you been here?"

"A little over three months."

She nudged him in the ribs with her elbow. "That's long enough to know how we roll."

He stared at her, as if he were trying to figure her out-and couldn't quite fit the pieces together. Good. She didn't want to be an open book. Not tonight. "So. Back to your sister. She's in Jersey. Married?"

"Yeah." Lexi checked the time. It was early enough that her favorite burger joint-which also had a bar-wouldn't be too crowded. "And she conned me into going to see a musical tomorrow. Les Miserables."

"Wait." He tensed. "Y-You're going to go see it? Why? You hate musicals and plays."

She shot him a surprised look. Why did he look as if he was about to hurl all over the pavement? "Yeah, I do. My sister loves them, and she bought these tickets ages ago. But then she got pregnant and landed herself on bed rest." She shrugged. "So I'm going for her, and I have to collect autographs afterwards-particularly from the guy who plays Marius. She's in love with him." She rolled her eyes. "Love. But that's why I was in the alley tonight. I was scoping out where the actors leave. Don't tell anyone. It'll ruin my reputation."

He rubbed the back of his neck and dropped her hand. "Ah ... I see."

"Maybe I'll even see you there?" She flexed her fingers. They felt strangely empty without his. "Are you visible during the play?"

He gave a strangled laugh. "Uh, yeah. A little bit."

Damn, even his laugh sounded melodic. She would lay down all her money on him being an amazing singer. It must kill him working on a show he could easily be a part of. "Good. I can't wait."

He stroked his jaw. "Even though you hate shows?"

"Yeah." She grabbed his hand again. She didn't care if it was stupid-she wanted to keep him close. "Because now I'll get to see you in action."

"I-I see," he said.

"Okay, back to the interesting stuff." She pulled him closer, and his arm brushed against the side of her breast. Oh, sweet mama. That felt way too good. "Is all of your family across the pond?"

His arm stiffened under her fingers. "It's just me. It's been only me for longer than I can remember."

Sadness washed over her at the flat tone of his voice. She wouldn't put him a day over twenty-five, which meant he more than likely went to foster care for most of his life. She didn't know what it was like in the UK, but here in America a life like his would be sketchy at best.

"That couldn't have been an easy life." She squeezed his arm. "I'm sorry."

He shrugged. "Nothing to be sorry about. It was a long time ago. Now I'm here, living the dream."

Of being stage crew? She had a feeling that wasn't his dream. "Maybe you should audition for a part off Broadway? Or an understudy role. Did you tell the producers you can sing?"

"Uh." He gave an uneasy laugh and rubbed the back of his neck. His biceps flexed as he reached up, and she couldn't look away. He obviously worked out. Accent and muscles? So not fair. "Yes, they know."

"Oh. Good." She stopped walking and pointed at the door to the restaurant. "We're here."

"Great, but before we go in there, I need to see something."

She blinked up at him. "Okay. What's up?"

He swung her out of the craziness of New York and her back hit the building. She barely had a chance to gasp before his mouth was on hers, teasing her senses. She clutched his shirt, not sure which need was stronger-the one to push him away or the one to hold him closer. To reflect upon how freaking amazing his lips felt pressed against hers, his hands on her waist-or to honor a memory of what she'd once had.

She loved that he didn't ask or pu**yfoot around the kiss. He just took. He ended the kiss and rested his forehead on hers. Taking a deep breath, he pulled back and grinned down at her. She couldn't stop staring at his mouth. Or remembering how great it had felt against hers.

"I just had to see if you tasted as good as I'd imagined."

She licked her lips, and his gaze fell. His hands flexed on her, as if he wanted another kiss. And, God help her, so did she. "And?"

"And ... you taste even better." He pushed off the wall and she inhaled. He held the door open for her. "After you."

She didn't say anything, but walked around him to the door. What was there to say? He placed a hand at the small of her back and guided her inside. Through her lightweight shirt, she swore she could feel his skin on hers. And damn if it didn't feel right, too-as if he had some unspoken right to touch her.

What was wrong with her?

The whole time they stood in line, he didn't drop his hand. Some small part of her wanted to step away from him; uncomfortable with the sensations he awakened in her. The other, louder, part wanted him to touch her more. Everywhere. She gave the hostess her name and peeked over her shoulder to the inside of the restaurant. She'd been right about its not being too packed. At least, not by New Yorker standards. There was only a thirty-minute wait.

Justin led them to a bench on the sidewalk and they sat down. He sat so close their thighs touched. He made her feel shaky and ... weird. Scary. Fun. And oh so right. She hadn't felt this alive since Hugh. She stared at her feet. She shouldn't be here. Hugh had only been dead for a little over a year, and this weekend would have been their wedding day.

This wasn't right. It was wrong. Terribly wrong.

Lifting her chin up with his finger, Justin searched her face with a wrinkled brow. "Can I cash in a quarter?"

"There's something you should know." She took a steadying breath. He deserved to know the truth about her. "I was engaged once. We were supposed to get married this weekend."

His hand dropped from her chin, and she missed his touch immediately. Instead of backing away from her, as she expected, he grabbed her hand and squeezed it tight. "I'm sorry. What happened?"

Tears came to her eyes and she pressed her lips together tight. "He was a Marine. Need I say more?"

"I'm so sorry."

He threw an arm around her shoulders, pulling her tight against his side. She stiffened, uncertain if she should let him hold her. Would he think she was looking to forget about her loss in his arms? Was she trying to do exactly that?

God, she didn't even know.

The normal, cautious Lexi wouldn't even think of allowing a man she'd met only minutes ago console her over the death of her fiance. And she let him, this beautiful stranger with the amazing accent, strong arms and melodic voice. Tonight she didn't want to be normal. "Yeah. I still miss him. Every day."

He hugged her closer and cradled the back of her head in his hand. "How long ago did he die?"

"A little over a year now." She would allow herself to enjoy his soft touch for a few seconds before she separated herself from his hold. Just a few seconds more ... "It's still hard."

"I get that." He squeezed her closer, resting his head on hers. "Want to talk about it?"

"Yes. No." She sighed. Something about him made it so tempting to open up and pour all of her sorrows out. "Sometimes when I wake up, I forget for a second that he's dead. Then, I roll over and see the empty bed ... and I remember. And then I can't forget, no matter how hard I try."

Compassion shone from his eyes, and he kissed the top of her head. "I can't even imagine a loss like that. I'm sorry."

He'd lost his parents. He probably knew all too well how it felt. "I keep waiting for it to get easier." She blinked back tears. "It has to get easier at some point, doesn't it?"

"I hope so." He ran his fingers over the line of her cheek, his touch feather light. "I really do. But until then, feel free to cry on my shoulder. I'm here."

And he meant that, too. She could hear the sincerity in his voice. "I have tons of family and friends trying to force me to talk on a daily basis, whom I avoid, but here I am. Talking to you, a guy I barely know."

"Perhaps that's why you can talk to me."

He had a point. "Maybe."

"I guess that's just another funny trick fate played on us. You needed to talk," he dropped his hand. "And I'm good at listening." He cleared his throat. "Look, I'm sorry for kissing you like I did earlier. I-I had no idea about any of this."

"Don't apologize for that." She looked up at him. "Tonight is the first night in over a year that I've actually had fun."

He smiled. "Good. Because I'm not actually sorry. It was a hell of a kiss, and I know you agree with me."

"Oh my God," she said through her laughter. "Your ego is astounding."

"Comes with the job."

She gave him a hug but then moved out of his arms. They'd been too close for too long. "Thanks for being so understanding. This day's been a long time coming."

He nodded. "I'll do my best to make it as tolerable as possible."

"Okay, enough about me. Earlier you mentioned you needed a distraction." She pointed at him, desperate to change the topic from herself. "Time for you to spill your guts. What's bothering you?"

He clenched his jaw and traced an invisible path on the bench, his graceful fingers moving smoothly. For a second, she thought he wouldn't answer. "Honestly? Opening night jitters. Nothing huge."

Aw, stage crew gets nervous, too? How cute. "I'm sure you'll do great. Equipment is the same in London as it is here, right? Lights, echoes, and all that."

He threw his head back and laughed. "I wish it was that simple."

"Imagine how much more nervous you would be if you were in the show."

His laughter died off, and he dragged a hand through his hair. "I can only imagine."

"Sing me a song." A siren sounded behind them. The cops must be chasing another murderer or robber. Where was Spider-man when you needed him? "I want to hear you before anyone else does. Before you're famous."

He looked past her at the crowded sidewalk. Nearby, a mom with a screaming toddler stood, trying to rock the child to sleep. Next to her, a man practically shouted at his secretary over his cell. "Here? Now? You won't even be able to hear me over all of this noise." The mom shot him a dirty look and walked further away from him. He winced. "I didn't mean the baby. I mean all of it."

"All of it is New York City. Get used to it." She motioned him on. "Now sing a song from Les Miserables for me."

"I thought you hated musicals and singers."

"I do," she said softly, feeling the need to be honest. She liked the way he laughed. She liked the way he made her laugh. "But I like you."

His eyes darkened, and he leaned in close. When he opened his mouth and sang low in her ear, her breath caught in her throat. He was singing of falling in love at first sight-about his world being turned upside down by the mere sight of a girl.

And he absolutely should be on a stage. He was tantalizing and perfect. He sang so quietly that no one else could hear him over the city noise. A few feet away, a fighting couple gestured wildly and drew attention. The screaming baby still screamed. And she saw another police car go by with its sirens on, but with his soft, perfect voice filling her head ... she didn't hear a single sound.

He surrounded her.

The fact that he sang for her and her alone made her shift on her seat. And it also made her want to throw her arms around him and kiss him. A lot.

And maybe tie him up in her bed so he could sing for her all day long.

He broke off, his cheeks red. "There. You're the first to hear me."

She took a deep breath. "Wow. You're really, really good." She nudged him with her shoulder. "I have no doubt that you'll make it one day. Maybe I'll even come see you when you do."

"You'd brave the hated theater to see me?" He held a hand to his heart. "I'm touched. Truly."

She scoffed. "I have seen a few shows. I just don't like them. I mean, really, who sings while fighting a revolution?"

"French people," he deadpanned.

She burst into laughter. "Remind me never to go to France, then. I wouldn't fit in."

"I don't know. I think you'd fit in just fine. You've got a certain je ne sais quoi."

Her heart skipped a beat at his compliment, but she forced herself to ignore the fluttering of attraction. Wrong time. Wrong man. "You've obviously never heard me sing."

He latched onto her eyes, not letting go. "I showed you mine. You should show me yours."

"Never. Happening," she said, her voice sounding foreign to her own ears. He made her feel so different and alive. "I don't sound anything like you."

His fingers brushed against hers on the bench, sending a hum of electricity through her blood, and he took a deep breath. His gaze collided with hers, and he slowly slid his hand over hers and held on tight. She tried to look away from him, to break contact, but she couldn't. Wouldn't. There was something between them.

Something she was terrified to name.

Chapter Three

Justin took a sip of his beer and eyed Lexi over the rim. Why in the bloody hell did Americans insist on cold beer? Give him warm ale in a pub any day over this swill. But she had insisted he be "American" today, and ... well ... for her he would.

"I saw that," she said, her brow knitted.

He pasted an innocent smile on his face. "Saw what?"

She pointed a finger at him. "You cringed when you swallowed the beer. You're supposed to be American today, remember?"

"Of course." He cleared his throat and used his best New Yorker accent. "I'm as American as they come, sweetheart. Didn't you know? I'm not really British-I heard chicks dig guys with accents."

She covered her mouth to stifle a laugh. "They do. Especially British ones."

"Then you've gone to dinner with the right guy."

"What else can you do?"

He leaned back in his chair, switching to a French accent. "I happen to be excellent at British accents in particular but can certainly do others."

She dropped her hand and laughed freely. The way her eyes lit up when she laughed drew him in. Tantalized him in a way he'd never been tantalized before. She was like a drug, and he wanted more. "You're good."

Of course he was good at them. It was his job. He switched tones. "I can do Australian." He switched to Spanish. "And, of course, Spanish." He grinned when she burst into laughter, changing to Russian. "The better question is ... what can't I do?" American again. "Nothing! I can do them all, sugar."

She rolled her eyes, but laughed. "Oh God, please don't say sugar. You need help with your slang if you want to impress me."

He lifted his glass to her. "I'll keep that in mind next time I try to impress you."

"Next time?" Her smile slid away, and she set her beer down. Already, he could hear her adding up all the reasons they shouldn't see each other again. She picked up her cell and looked at it. "I think-"

He caught her gaze. "You know what I think? I think you think too much."

"I do not." She pressed her lips together, her eyes flashing with anger. "I use my brain a perfectly logical amount."

He placed his hands on the table, leaning in. "How did you figure that out? By thinking?"

"I-you-" She stopped talking, then laughed softly. "You're too much. Yes, I figured it out by thinking. It's kind of something I do."

"I gathered."

She crossed her arms. "Is there a problem with that?"

"Depends." He looked her up and down. "You have to know when not to think. Sometimes it's better to stop using your head-and start feeling. Blimey, what good is life if you're always worrying?"

She shook her head. "I've felt plenty of things. I'll stick with cold, hard logic. It's safer."

"Not with me you won't. Not tonight." He stood up, grabbing her hand as he passed. She stumbled to her feet and followed him, her steps hesitant. "I might not know you very well, but I'm making it my personal mission to loosen you up."

She dug her heels into the floor, fighting his hold feebly. He knew if she really wanted to get away, she could. His fingers were loose on her wrist. "We should probably-"

"Have a few shots, get a little arse over elbow, and then go watch the fireworks from my flat? Sure, let's go."

"I definitely don't think that's a good idea," she protested, following him despite her refusal. "I don't like shots. And I'm not going to your place."

"For one night, can you just do something fun? With me?"

She hesitated. "I'm not fun. I warned you ahead of time. I just wanted a distraction."

"Oh, stuff it. I don't believe that. You're just scared to let loose. Furthermore, I'm not finished distracting you yet."

"I barely even know you," she said, her mouth pursed. "Why would I go home with you?"

"Besides the obvious?" He chuckled at her immediate blush. She was so adorably innocent, while somehow being undeniably sexy at the same time. It was a killer combination. "All right. How about we dance all night long instead of going to my flat, then? Close down the bar."

She winced. "I don't dance. I'm horrible at it."

He raised a brow. "You don't dance. Don't sing. What do you do to relax? To have fun?"

"I, uh, well, I knit." She turned bright pink and added, "and I read a lot, too."

"Doesn't count." He dragged her to the bar and caught the bartender's eye. When she came closer, Justin leaned in. "Hello."

"Hello, yourself." The bartender gave him the come-get-me smile he knew all too well. Lexi stiffened next to him. "What can I do for you?"

"I'd like-"

Lexi slid closer to him, putting her hand right next to his. "We need drinks."

"Uh." He fought back a grin. She was jealous. Bloody fabulous. "Yes, we do. Two shots of Patron, please?"

The bartender nodded, not even looking at Lexi. "Coming right up, cutie."

"You know what?" Lexi crossed her arms over her chest. "I don't like her."

He chuckled. "She seemed plenty sweet to me, luv."

"Yeah. You'd think so." She tossed her hair over her shoulder with a flick of her hand. "What are we doing here, anyway?"

"Getting pissed."

"Pissed?" Her brow furrowed. "I think we have different definitions of that word."

Not really. In American terms, she looked quite pissed at the bartender. But he kept that thought to himself. "Pissed. Drunk. Sloshed." He shrugged. "Call it what you will."

"In The States, pissed means angry." She turned to stare at the bartender and frowned. Her skirt was still damp, and still showed her arse off way too much. His fingers twitched with the need to touch. To have. To conquer. "And I prefer mixed drinks or beer."

"Bollocks. Tonight you like tequila." He rested against the bar and swept his hair off of his forehead. "And then afterwards we're either going to dance, or we're going to my flat to watch fireworks. I have a great view of the sky."

"Sky, huh?" Her lips twitched. "I'm sure you do. Must be quite the salary you get for being on the stage crew."

He should tell her the truth. Tell her he wasn't stage crew. After all, tomorrow she would see it for herself. But then tonight would be ruined. And he didn't want to do that. So instead, he just kept digging the hole deeper and deeper. "They're very, very generous with us. So what's it going to be? Dancing, or my flat?"

He held his breath, waiting to see if she would accept one of his options. He didn't offer door number three: she could go home alone.

She crossed her arms over her chest. "Fine. We'll go watch the stupid fireworks at your place."

He grinned, his heart picking up speed at her words. She had ignored the obvious option of the unmentioned door number three just as much as he had. "Excellent."

While they spoke, the bartender had lined up the shots, including the salt and lime slices, and Lexi eyed them dubiously. "Why did she give us salt? Are we making margaritas? Because I'm so down with that."

She didn't even know how to take a shot of tequila? Damn, he could have a lot of fun teaching her how to live. He grabbed her hand and flipped her palm up, then ran his thumb over her smooth skin. When she shivered and tried to pull free, he held on tighter and clucked his tongue. Bending over her wrist, he flicked his tongue over her skin. He probably should have let her do it herself, but the opportunity to taste her was far too tempting to resist.

"Oh." Her cheeks turned pink and she licked her lips. His c**k grew hard, but he tried to ignore his primal reaction. He sprinkled salt on her, and then set down two slices of lime on a plate next to them.

He swallowed past the stifling desire choking him. "Okay, here's how it works. First you lick the salt, then you take the shot. Once you swallow, suck on the lime. It enhances the flavor."

She looked up at him with laughter in her eyes. Did she actually know what to do, and was playing with him? If so, he'd continue the game. As long as he got to keep her by his side, he would play any game she wanted. "If you say so ... "

"I do."

She licked her lips again, her eyes on his hands. "Do I have to lick you, too?"

Oh, bloody hell. He was going to die by the end of the night. He should say no. He should do it himself. He held his arm out. "Yes, please."

She held his wrist in between her fingers, her touch feather light. Then, without hesitation, she licked him. He shuddered, the urge to take her in his arms and taste her mouth again, overwhelming. He clenched his free hand into a fist, watching as she sprinkled salt on him.

She looked up, her eyes a liquid pool of emerald warmth, speckled with amber. "Ready?"

"Y-Yes." Bloody hell, his blasted voice broke. Holding a shot glass out to her, he grabbed his and held it out for a toast. She didn't take hers immediately, but rather stared at it mutinously, so he waved it under her nose again. "Trust me?"

"I'm so going to regret this in the morning." She eyed the shot, let out a sigh, and took it despite her prediction. "And so are you."

"Blimey, stop worrying so much." He grinned, refusing to dwell on the possibility of a hangover. Besides, he'd have all day to sober up for opening night. "It'll be worth it in the end."

She took a deep breath. "Okay. Ready?"

"Yes. One. Two." He paused and looked into her eyes, his breath catching at the sparkle of life he saw there. She might be protesting the shots, but she looked more alive right now than she had all night-except when he'd kissed her. She had looked pretty damned alive then, too. "Three."

They licked their wrists, slammed their shots back, and sucked on their limes in unison. Pulling the lime away from her mouth, she grinned up at him and swiped her forearm over her chin to clean up a trickle of juice. "That was actually pretty good."

A tiny piece of lime rested right below her lip, and he wanted nothing more than to kiss it away and taste the blend of alcohol and lime and Lexi. Instead, he settled for reaching forward and swiping it off with his thumb. When he brushed against her lower lip, she flushed and swayed closer. A flash of lust lit up her eyes, and the knowledge that she wanted him in the same way he wanted her hit him like a sucker punch.

Their gazes collided. "Justin?"

"Yes?" he asked, his heart skittering to a halt. What would she say? Would she admit she wanted him as much as he wanted her? Christ, he hoped so. If she didn't, he just might have to kiss her and find out for himself if he was wrong. If she slapped him and left ... he was wrong.

If she pulled him closer and touched her tongue to his ... then thank f**king God.

"Can we do another one before we go? If I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna get a proper buzz going."

The hope rising in his chest crashed back down. Forcing a smile, he motioned the bartender over. She came over carrying the tequila with the same smile on her lips. "Of course."

They repeated the process of salting their wrists, but this time her tongue lingered on his wrist. So did her touch. He took a deep breath and they slammed back the shots. This time there wasn't any lime on her mouth, but he brushed his thumb over her lip anyway.

"You're so beautiful," he murmured. At first he didn't even realize he'd said it out loud. But when her eyes widened, he cursed inwardly. Idiot.

"Thank you," she said back, her lower lip caught between her teeth.

She swayed toward him, her gaze latched with his. He cupped her cheek and stepped closer, breathing in her intoxicating scent, his other palm cupping her hip and tugging her closer. If she so much as stepped back from him, he wouldn't touch her again. If she shook her head, or slapped him, he would apologize profusely.

Instead, she placed her hand on his chest and closed her fingers around his shirt. And, if he wasn't mistaken ... she damn well pulled him closer. And just like that, he fell arse over elbow into her arms.

He lowered his head, his lips descending to hers so slowly he could swear a year had passed before they touched. He wanted to give her the chance to tell him no-to refuse him if she wanted. Give her the chance he hadn't given her outside, before he knew about her past. But she lifted her chin and met his lips with a tiny sigh ... and he got lost in heaven. It was a simple kiss. A mere touching of their lips. Tamer than the kisses he'd shared with his costars on stage-and yet the most moving he'd ever had.

His heart stuttered when she sighed into his mouth, and she placed her small hands on his chest. He felt like he could give her the world, if only he had enough time. And he really wanted that time, even though she hadn't promised him any. His grip on her hip tightened, and he ran his tongue over the entrance to her mouth.

She parted her lips, letting him inside, and clung to him tightly. Her tongue glided against his, and he groaned into her mouth. Christ, but the hold she had on him already was honestly frightening. He knew, without a doubt, that she was the type of woman a man would lay his life on the line for.

She deepened the kiss, her hands curling around his neck and yanking him closer forcefully. She rubbed her hips against his, brushing her soft belly against his cock. Bloody hell. Underneath her stockbroker exterior, Lexi was made of pure and unadulterated passion. It took all of his self-control not to throw her against the wall and let his hands explore every inch of her body. But this wasn't the time or the place for that.

Reluctantly, he pulled free of her hold.

Sucking in a deep breath, he met her eyes. "I know you're still grieving for your fiance, and you don't want anyone in your life right now. I get that. And respect it. But if we kiss again ... I'm bringing you home with me for more than some blasted fireworks."

"And if I want you to?" She nibbled on her lower lip. "If I want to stop thinking for a little while, and just feel? You did promise me a distraction ... "

She spoke so quietly he could barely hear her-but he heard that. "Then kiss me again, and I'm yours."

Her eyes flashed, and then ...

And then she kissed him.

As soon as their lips broke apart, he grabbed her hand and towed her to the door. He knew she was only going with him to bury the pain she still felt from the loss of her fiance, and yet he couldn't bring himself to care right now. At all. If she ended up leaving him with a heart that had been slightly dented, then so be it. It was a risk he would be more than willing to take. If she wanted him, then he didn't care how or why.

All that mattered was she wanted him, and he wanted her, too.

Blessedly, he lived right around the corner from the restaurant. They made it home through the crowds in record time, and she followed him with flushed cheeks and complete silence. He half expected her to let go of him and bolt in the opposite direction before they made it back to his flat. But as he climbed the stairs and went into his place ... she followed him.

He unlocked the door, let her go inside first, and then bolted the door behind them. Leaning against the cool steel, he locked his gaze on her. She hugged herself and looked at her shadowy surroundings, then blinked up at him. "This is a nice apartment."

"Thanks." Scanning his own place, he tried to envision what she saw. Lots of grays and pale blues. And brown. No bright colors or splashes of red. He dropped his keys on the table by the entrance, switched on the light, and took a step closer to her. "Are you absolutely sure you want this? That you won't be cheesed off in the morning?"

She lifted her chin. "Yes. I don't really know what cheesed off means, but I won't be. But don't read anything into it. I just want ... I need ... "

"A distraction?" He stopped directly in front of her, his hands closing around her waist. "A way to forget your worries?"

"Yes."

"Then you'll have it."

She'd asked. She'd come home with him. And yet ... he couldn't shake the feeling that he was taking advantage of her. He couldn't shake the bloody guilt. And there was the matter of him swearing off one-night stands.

But did it really count as one if he had every intention of seeing her again?

He hesitated, wanting to kick himself in the nuts for it, but unable to stop his conscience from voicing itself. "But I don't want to take advantage of you. You're still in love with-"

"Not tonight. Not now."

She rose on tiptoe and fused her lips to his, her tongue immediately delving inside his mouth. He closed his hands around her waist, picking her up and knocking her back against the wall like he had wanted to do at the bar. Her legs closed around him, and he could feel her heat through his pants. The image of them clasped together like this hadn't left his mind since the thought popped into his head, and the reality far surpassed his expectations.

Her legs around him. Her mouth on his. He wanted nothing more than to take her here. Against the wall. Hard. His need was that strong-but he couldn't treat her so callously.

She deserved more.

Her fingernails dug into his shoulders, and he rolled his hips against her while devouring her mouth. She tasted so damn good. He felt like he had been waiting his whole life to taste her, as opposed to a few measly hours. Forcing his lips away from hers, he nibbled on her throat, dropping lower and lower with each gentle bite. She wriggled in his arms, arching her head back against the wall.

She fisted her fingers in his hair, yanking just enough to provide a twinge of pain to the pleasure rocking his core. She urged him lower, and he closed his mouth over the spot right above her breast. Right over her heart-the same heart which belonged to another. The heart that would never be his. Wait ... where had that thought come from?

He shook his head, forcing himself not to focus on what he couldn't have, and shouldn't even want.

Running his hands over her hips, and up her waist, he then closed them around her br**sts. She moaned and tugged his head back up to hers, and their lips met again. Every time he kissed her, she tasted better. More addictive. As if he would never-could never-get enough of her. He ran his thumbs over her hard ni**les, teasing her with the barely there touch. She arched against his hand, her teeth scraping against his lower lip from the force of their kiss.

He couldn't wait another second to get her naked. To see all of her, bared for him and him alone. Dropping his hands from her br**sts, he bunched her shirt up in his hands at her lower back, urging her to hold onto him. Once she wrapped her body around him-oh, hell, but that almost sent him over the edge of his barely there self-control-he carried her back into his bedroom, never relinquishing his hold on her lips.

Her legs tightened around his waist, and she moved wantonly against his cock. Kicking the bedroom door open, he lowered her to his bed and fell on top of her. He slid his hands under her tank top. He loved the fact that she didn't wear a bra. In his opinion ... the less obstacles to getting her naked, the better.

Desire crashed through him with the force of a tidal wave. His hands immediately closed over her br**sts again, and she whimpered into his mouth. Her small noises urged him on, and he rolled her ni**les between his thumb and finger, tugging gently. She practically growled at him, arching into his hand for more.

She just might be the death of him, but he'd damn well die smiling.

"Justin, please," she panted.

She gripped his biceps then trailed her fingers down his arm. When she reached his wrist, she curled her hands around them and held on. As if she feared she might float away without him there, keeping her secure. That small, intimate touch sent his heart racing. Funny how such silly things could mean so much, and yet bring him back to reality at the same time.

He released her lips and rested his head on hers. There it was again-the plaguing guilt nagging at him. "I'm going to give you one more chance to go home untouched."

She shook her head. Reaching out, she grabbed the hem of his shirt and tugged it over his head. "Don't want a chance to leave. Stop being so damn honorable and put those lips to better use."

His heart galloped ahead at full speed, and something inside of him shifted and gave way for her. This might be nothing more than a means to an end for her-but to him? This meant something. Exactly what ... he wasn't sure. But he wanted to take away her pain. If it's all she wanted him for, then he would deliver.

Even if he wished, deep down, he could be more.

Chapter Four

If anyone could make Lexi forget everything, it was Justin. His hands roamed over her body, leaving fire in their wake. And oh, how she burned for him. She knew tonight wasn't just about that. Knew she was making excuses to hide the real reason she was here in his bed: because she just couldn't resist him. He had some weird kind of hold on her that made it next to impossible to say no, to walk away.

Justin's mouth slid over the curve of her br**sts, following the line of her tank top, and she clung to him. Everywhere he touched ached for more, and everywhere he hadn't touched yet begged for his attention. She had never felt so damn needy before.

She ran her fingers down his hard abs, marveling at how defined they were. Hot damn, the man was perfect. Every single muscle was formed as if he was carved by an artist's meticulous touch. When her fingers swept over the skin above his pants, he hissed and tensed.

Emboldened by his reaction, she lowered her fingers and cupped his erection. He rocked his hips into her then vacated the bed faster than she could blink. He looked down at her, his eyes blazing. His hands fell to his buckle, and he slowly unclasped his belt-his eyes on hers the whole time.

She swallowed hard, her fingers itching to touch him again. As he lowered his pants, she lifted onto her elbows and pressed her thighs together. She ached for him in a way she couldn't remember ever feeling before. When he stood in front of her without a stitch of clothing on, she couldn't look away.

She stood up, devouring the sight of him. Reaching down, she yanked her shirt over her head. She would like to do something slow and seductive to make him want her as much as she wanted him, but it would take too long. His hands clenched at his hips, and she realized she didn't need to be seductive or coy.

He already wanted her as badly as she wanted him.

Slowly, she ran her hands down her stomach, smiling at his sharp intake of breath, and lowered her still slightly damp skirt. It fell to her ankles, leaving her clothed only in her underwear.

He walked toward her with determination and spun her around. He yanked her closer until his chest was against her back. Desire quivered in her belly, and he closed his arms around her. Biting down on her shoulder gently, he slid his hands down her stomach, over the waistline of her underwear, and closed his hand over her core.

When his fingers pressed over her clit, she practically came right then and there. She whimpered and leaned back against him, needing more. More of everything. He massaged her with practiced strokes, his other hand cupping her breast and twisting her nipple in a way that made her knees tremble. Her legs gave out on her, and he caught her, easily tossing her onto the bed. Instead of lowering his body over hers, he dropped to his knees beside the bed and kissed her lower thigh.

Resting on her elbows, she dropped her head back and closed her eyes. He kissed her again, this time an inch or so higher. Then higher still, until he reached her inner thigh. Her breath caught in her throat, and she bit down on her lower lip to stifle the moan trying to escape. If he wanted to, he could bring her to pieces with a single touch.

And she had a feeling he wanted to.

He tugged her panties off, and then he was on her. He nibbled at her inner thigh then closed his mouth on her. When his tongue swept over her clit, she cried out in surprise. Her thighs clenched around his head, and she dug her hands into his hair. Holding him closer. Pushing him away.

The pleasure was so intense and so overpowering; she wasn't sure which urge was stronger. Every sense and nerve inside of her seemed to be focused on him-and what he was doing to her. She curled her hands into his hair, arching her hips higher.

She tossed her head back and forth on his mattress, fighting for something to grasp on to. She'd never felt so out of control before-so free and loose. And it felt so damn good. When he thrust a finger inside of her, she exploded. Time froze all around her, and her body gave way to pleasure. By the time she resurfaced back to Earth, he had a condom on and was climbing on top of her.

Poised at her entrance, he cupped her cheeks and pressed a soft kiss to her lips. Tears filled her eyes at the tender gesture, and she curled her legs around his waist and urged him closer. He groaned, and then seemed to just ... snap. He thrust inside of her with one smooth motion, filling her completely. She had thought she was all spent-unable to feel any more pleasure without collapsing.

But she was wrong.

As soon as he began moving inside of her, she came to life. She demanded more. She dug her nails into his back, moving against him restlessly. He growled and deepened the kiss, his mouth devouring hers as if he needed her kisses to survive. With one swift roll, he was on his back and she straddled him.

He arched up into her, going even deeper inside. She curled her fingers into his pecs and rode him. Letting her head drop back, she folded her legs behind her and fell into a fast and hard rhythm. His breaths quickened, matching hers. Reaching between them, he flicked his fingers against her core-and she lost all sense of time or rhythm.

Their tempo increased, perfectly matched, and she miraculously found her pleasure again. This time, though, he was there with her. He stiffened and gripped her hips tight, holding her in place as he lost himself inside of her. When they both came down from the clouds, she collapsed against his chest. His arms wrapped around her tight, holding her as if he didn't want to let her go.

His breath fluttered out over her head, tickling her ear. She closed her eyes, not wanting reality to intrude on them. She had gotten what she wanted. Justin and distraction from the world-wrapped up in one neat package. But ... now what? She wasn't exactly versed in the moments after a one-night stand. What was she supposed to do? Thank him and get dressed? Stay and spoon?

She was freaking clueless.

He gave a light laugh. "If I can guess correctly from your increasingly tense body ... you're now panicking."

She lifted up on her elbows, looking down into his gorgeous blue eyes. "Panicking? No. Questioning my sanity? Maybe a little bit."

He cupped her cheeks, tugging her down for a gentle kiss. It melted her heart, and made her wonder if she was worrying herself over nothing. "No questioning needed. Don't over think it. People do this kind of thing all the time."

"Not me."

A loud boom sounded off in the distance, and they both turned toward the window. The fireworks had started. He was right. It hadn't just been a line to get her back to his apartment. He had an excellent view of the sky.

His arms flexed around her. "Looks like it's time for the show."

"Funny. I thought we just had one ourselves."

He chuckled and hugged her close. She watched the burst of colors in silence, not moving. He seemed oddly still, too. It should have felt awkward being wrapped in his arms, naked and sweaty, watching the fireworks. She barely knew him, and yet she'd just had the best sex of her life in this very bed. She should be ashamed or feel something other than ... content.

Yep. She was perfectly content to stay here, in his arms, all night long.

Resting her cheek on his chest, she let out a little sigh. After a second's hesitation, his hands rubbed up and down her back, almost reverently. Once the show dwindled down to nothing, she gathered up her nerve and rested her chin on his chest.

He smiled up at her, tucking her hair behind her ear. "You look confused. What's wrong?"

"I don't exactly do this kind of thing. I have no idea what happens next. I'm kind of out of my element." And naked. Very naked. Suddenly, she needed to get dressed. She rolled off of him and grabbed her skirt, yanking it up her legs with trembling hands. Though she didn't know what she felt right now, panic and pleasure were mixing and confusing the hell out of her. "I can't find my shirt."

He sighed. "It's over there. By the door. And what happens next is entirely up to you. You could go ... or you could stay."

The way he said the word stay made it sound as if that's what he wanted her to do. Or was she imagining things? She grabbed her shirt and pulled it over her head. Once she was covered, she crossed her arms over her chest and faced him. As soon as she saw him lying there, still naked, she flushed. "Shouldn't you get dressed now?"

"I could, if you'd like." He stood up and walked over to her. Resting his hands on her shoulders, he looked deep into her eyes. Just looking at him calmed her rapid heartbeat down, and made her stop worrying. "I know you're freaking out right now, but sometimes not knowing what's going on is a good thing. Sometimes, it's good to let go." He rubbed his jaw. "To have no idea what's coming tomorrow."

"For you maybe. Not me." She bit down hard on her lip. "I don't like surprises or not knowing things."

He paled. "No matter what you decide to do ... if you need anything at all, I'm here for you. Whether it's a shoulder to cry on or a night of forgetting, I'm here. Okay?"

Lexi rolled her hands into fists. If she didn't, she might touch him. And if she touched him, she wouldn't be able to think straight. And if she couldn't think straight, she might forget all about Hugh and jump into Justin's arms without a second thought. And that wouldn't be fair to Hugh's memory. Or, to Justin.

Her heart wrenched. "Okay."

He kissed her one more time, so soft and gentle he broke her heart again. His hands dropped from her shoulders, and she slowly opened her eyes. She almost didn't want to. Almost didn't want to remember. He was looking at her with a mixture of happiness and sadness, all rolled into one.

He dragged a hand through his hair. "I'm going to hit the loo. Are you still going to be here when I get back?"

She nodded jerkily. "Yeah. Sure."

"Brilliant. We have to talk about, uh ... something when I come back."

Talk? What did he want to talk about? "Okay."

He gave her a long, searching stare she couldn't read, then headed for the bathroom door-still bare assed naked. Hot damn, the man looked good.

While he washed up, she busied herself with putting the rest of her clothes on. How long did it take for him to clean up? She hadn't heard a sound out of the bathroom since he went in it. If he hadn't left her side, she wouldn't be feeling so damn uncomfortable right now. Like an intruder in his home. Why did he have to leave? Didn't he know how close she was to running away and never seeing him again?

Then it hit her.

Maybe she was supposed to leave. Perhaps the "talk" would be him giving her his rehearsed speech about not wanting commitment, or a relationship. What if he was biding his time in there, staring at his fingernails and tapping his foot, hoping she would get the point and leave before he came out? Before he had to give her the talk? Maybe she should leave before he came back and had to politely inform her he wanted her out of his home.

In her defense, she had slept with two men her whole entire life. Two. Well, now three. How could she have done something like this? Swallowing back the rising panic, she scrambled for her purse, picked up her heels and rushed out of the bedroom. She didn't stop running until she cleared the apartment and reached the elevator doors. Once she was safely inside, she stepped into her heels and leaned against the wall. Tears crept down her cheeks, and she swiped them away with the back of her hand. She'd acted so foolish and impetuously. She'd been completely out of character and out of her comfort zone. And worse yet?

She wanted to stay that way.

Chapter Five

The next evening, when the door closed behind the make-up artist, Justin picked up his journal and opened it on his lap. He wished he had someone he could ring to reassure him he wouldn't fail-besides Gary. He had been alone for so long he didn't even remember what it felt like to have a family. To be loved. He wished he had someone ... anyone ... who cared enough about him to hang with him backstage and calm him down.

But wishes were useless in the face of reality.

Anyone who would have sat backstage with him was across the pond or dead. So instead he scribbled down a few words in his journal-words no one else would ever read-and closed the cover. Then he dropped his head between his knees and took deep, steadying breaths. Blast it all to hell, he would be on stage in ten minutes and all he could manage to do was sit here thinking of all the ways he could and would fail. Before last night, he hadn't thought he could feel any more miserable than he already had.

But he had been wrong.

Before last night, Lexi hadn't slept with him, thinking he was stage crew. Before last night, Lexi hadn't run away from him while he was in the loo. He couldn't have been in there for more than a couple of minutes. Just enough time to calm his racing heart and get up the nerve to tell her who he really was and beg her to stay despite his lies.

Yet when he came out all signs of her ever being there were gone. Not even a note or a phone number left behind. She'd gotten her distraction, and then she'd left him. If not for the rumpled sheets and the scratches down his back, he would swear he imagined the whole affair.

She couldn't wait to leave him when he wanted to hold her close and never let her go. How ironic that the first girl he'd ever wanted to stay couldn't wait to leave him. Maybe she had seen the way he'd been feeling about her in his eyes. He scared himself with the things she brought out in him-of course it would scare her away, too. He sang about falling for someone at first sight in the show, but he didn't really believe in it. Now here he was, unable to stop thinking about Lexi. Unable to let go.

And he sounded absolutely pathetic. Enough of the pity train he'd boarded.

Shaking his head, he forced his mind from her haunting eyes and bewitching smile. He couldn't afford to think about her right now. He had spent his whole bloody day worrying about what her reaction would be once she saw him onstage. Trying to decide if she already regretted last night.

Once she saw him up on that stage, she probably would-if she didn't already. Not only did he lie to her, but she had already told him she didn't like surprises. And him being Marius definitely fell under the "surprise" category. Right now he needed to focus on the show. He checked his cell and flinched. Three minutes.

He better get off his arse and move.

He took one final breath, then the door opened. It was the lead prostitute he thought he'd knocked down in the alley last night. "I just ran into Jenny. She asked me to tell you that it's time for you to come out."

Jenny was the stage manager, so it made this all the more realistic. Time to go on stage. "All right. I'm on my way."

She sauntered inside his room, her hips swinging. Her low cut prostitute costume left little to the imagination, and she bent down to show him even more. Trailing a finger down his chest, she straightened his cravat for him. "Afterwards, we can get a drink to celebrate your success, if you'd like."

He fought the urge to tell her to bugger off. It wasn't her fault he was in a foul mood. "I'll probably just go home and sleep. But thank you."

She dipped her hand lower. "Are you sure?"

"Positive."

Justin halted her hand before it reached his waistband, but smiled at her to soften the blow. He hadn't been interested before, and he definitely wasn't interested now. She had the wrong hair color. He wanted blonde. Her eyes were blue instead of green. And she wasn't a serious businesswoman who never seemed to be able to relax until he made her ...

Bloody hell, she wasn't Lexi.

"You go on ahead of me. I'll be out in a jiffy."

She left him alone, a pout on her full lips. He checked the microphone taped to his forehead one last time, praying the nervous sweat wouldn't wash it away, then stood. His eighteenth century collar dug into his neck, but he couldn't loosen it. His costume designer would pitch a bigger hissy fit than a three-year-old leaving a candy store empty handed. Hand on the doorknob, he took a deep breath and stepped out into the hallway.

Showtime.

***

Lexi settled into her seat in the first row and took a sip of her Merlot. They only allowed the expensive bar cups with lids into the theater, but she didn't care how much it cost because she needed all the help she could get to survive this show. She almost skipped it, but then the image of her forlorn pregnant, bedridden sister popped into her head-and the guilt could not be denied.

So she came despite the fear of running into Justin outside the theater again.

She certainly didn't come so she could search the shadows for Justin ... even though she did exactly that right now. Not like it mattered, anyway. Even if he saw her, he would avoid her. They had a one-night stand and nothing else. They'd agreed on a night of distraction, and they'd both followed through with their end of the agreement.

She was the one who imagined that it could be more, that he could be the one to fill that emptiness in her life, that he could be the one she could share her life with. Stupid imagination, swooping in and ruining it all.

Scanning the area above the stage, she couldn't help but wonder if he was up there somewhere, watching her. Even if he was, would he be able to see her from his perch? She wished she had thought to ask him where he worked. For all she knew, he was off to the left staring at her. Would he be happy to see her, or would he hide in the shadows to avoid an awkward confrontation?

Someone sat beside her, and she scooted over, dropping her Playbill on the floor. Though she debated picking it up, she decided not to bother. She didn't want to read it, and she would pick it up before she left.

"You actually came?" a deep voice asked.

Lexi choked on her drink, turning to face her brother-in-law. "Max? What are you doing here?"

He slapped his Playbill facedown on his lap and sighed. "Jessie wanted me to keep you company today. She's worried you'll be lonely. And so am I."

"Lonely? Nah." After all, last night she hadn't been lonely. She'd been blissfully happy up until she left Justin's side. Lexi laughed, smoothing her black skirt over her legs. "I'm okay."

"Are you?" Max raised a brow, searching her face. "You look tired, little sis."

She swallowed hard. He'd been around since she was ten, and he could read her way too well for her to bother with lying. "I am tired. And sad. And confused. But I'm fine."

"Why are you confused?"

Of course he latched on to that part of her sentence-the one part she hadn't really meant to admit. The lights dimmed, and the orchestra started up. Saved by the bell-er, show. She leaned closer and squeezed his knee. "I'm okay. Or, I'll be okay once this torture is over."

He nodded, but his eyes didn't leave hers. "Do you want to leave? I can watch this and get the signatures. Jessie will never know you didn't stay. I've heard this one is a tear-jerker."

She should say yes. She should flee the scene and take the reprieve when she could-but then she might miss her chance to see him. "No, I'll stay. How sad could it possibly be?"

The orchestra started up, and she settled in to be bored out of her mind. However, not thirty minutes into the play, she realized she wasn't bored. And it also turned out that a musical could be really damn sad. She swiped the tears off her cheeks and curled the tissue Max gave her into her fist. Jesus Christ, how much more tragedy could these characters take?

How much more could she take?

At one point, she couldn't keep track whether she was crying or just sitting there in mind-numbing sadness. Max threw his arm over her shoulder and she snuggled closer, not ripping her eyes off the stage even once. When the scene changed and a new set of actors came out, she turned to Max and whispered, "This is actually good."

"It is." He nodded, flipping the Playbill face up on his lap. Opening it, he found the actor's page with their pictures. "Here comes the guy Jessie is half in love with. The whole reason you're here. Justin Holloway, otherwise known as Marius. He's quite the sensation in the UK."

A spark of dread washed over her, and she looked down at the book. No sooner did her eyes fall on his picture than he sang-and she knew. She knew who it was on the stage. Justin wasn't stage crew. He wasn't even a small part in the musical. He was Justin-freaking-Holloway ... one of the biggest stars of the goddamn show.

But he'd been wearing a stage crew shirt!

And she was the biggest fool on the surface of the planet. As he sang about love at first sight, the same song he'd sang to her outside of the restaurant, she thought back on the time they had spent together. Had he ever actually said he was stage crew? Had he ever inferred he wasn't? And more importantly, would he see her sitting in the crowd?

She hunkered down in her seat more, trying to avoid that very thing. When he came within a few feet of her, his eyes scanning the crowd as he sang, she thought she would be busted. She swore his eyes fell on her-even stayed for a second or two. He even paled and messed up his lyrics. But then he looked away and kept singing.

The curtains fell for intermission, and so did her guard.

If he came out right now, he would see how uncertain she was about everything. Who was he really? And what did last night really mean to him? Had it all been a game? She grabbed her Playbill off the floor and scanned through his bio. No mention of family or anyone special in his life.

At least that had been the truth.

Her heart twisted, so she twisted the Playbill in between her hands. "Son of a bitch."

"Why do you look like you want to punch someone, cry, or both?"

Lexi startled. "When did you get back?"

"Just now." Max handed her a glass of wine, which he'd gone out into the lobby to refill, and his eyes narrowed. "But I know the look on your face. It's not a good sign."

She looked down at the book she'd crumbled up in her hand. Sighing, she opened it up and pointed an accusing finger at Justin's face in the gray photo. "See him?"

Max raised a brow. "Yeah, he's been singing in my face. What about him?"

"He lied to me."

"All actors lie." He opened his mouth and closed it, seeming to be at a loss for words. "You realize he's acting up there, right? And he's not singing to you directly-even if he does keep looking at you. By the way, I think you have a fan."

"Oh my God, Max. Yes, I'm aware he's acting-and he doesn't keep looking at me." Was he? "I met him last night."

"Wait, you know him?" Max leaned closer. "Jessie's gonna flip. How did you meet him? And why didn't you tell me sooner?"

"I didn't know." Her cheeks heated. "He let me think he was stage crew."

"He told you he was stage crew? Well that's odd."

"Well ... not exactly." She tucked strands of hair behind her ear, knowing where this was going. "I assumed he was, and he didn't correct me." When he opened his mouth, she blurted out, "He was wearing a stage crew shirt!"

"Ah." He crossed his arms and smirked. She knew that look. The one that said he saw a loophole and would use it. "Then he technically didn't lie. You assumed."

She rolled her eyes. "Says the lawyer."

"Hey, it's true. Like it or not, it's true." He rubbed his chin, his eyes intent on the empty stage. "I'm more interested in knowing why he lied. Most men in his position would use their status as a way to get laid. Not hide it."

"I might have said I didn't like musicals." She winced. "Or singers. Or actors. But I also told him why. He could've told me who he really was."

"Ah. This sounds promising." His eyes lit up. "So he didn't want to admit he was the very thing you don't like. Didn't want to be put into that category. Hmm ... "

It was a lie, pure and simple. The lights flickered, warning the show was about to start again. People all around them rushed to their seats, and she fidgeted with her cup. "He could've told me the truth."

"But he didn't. I'm assuming he had his reasons for not coming clean. Maybe women are always assuming things about him because he's an actor. Maybe he wanted to pretend he wasn't one for one night." Max shrugged. "The only way to find out is to ask him his reasons. But I'm more interested to find out how you met him, and how you spent your time together."

"Nope." Lexi flushed and took a drink of her wine. She could use a shot of Patron right about now. What had Justin awakened in her? An image of her licking his wrist slammed into her, making her hold her breath. The man sitting on the other side of her squeezed through, and she moved her feet out of the way to avoid being trampled. "Not happening. That's my own business."

"Mmhm." He crossed his arms over his chest, not dropping his gaze. "I'll get it out of you eventually. And if I can't-your sister will."

Lexi dropped her head back on the seat. "You're going to tell her, aren't you?"

"Absolutely."

Lexi groaned. "You're cruel and heartless."

"Might be. But in all seriousness? I'm glad you met this guy last night."

"Why? I barely even know him-and he lied to me." She thumbed through the Playbill, finding the page with his picture on it. Staring down at his smiling face, she thought to herself, I probably don't even know him at all.

But that wasn't quite true, now was it? She knew how his hands felt on her skin. Amazing. How he sounded when he talked, and how good he made her feel when he held her close, or made her laugh. Incredibly free. All of those sensations hadn't been pretend. Last night had been real. She couldn't have imagined it.

She shifted in her seat, trying to ignore the stirrings of her body. Now was so not the time to get aroused.

Max reached out and squeezed her fingers. "When I came in here, I was expecting to find you crying in the chair, alone and miserable about Hugh. Instead ... you look more alive than I've seen you in years." He motioned between her and the stage with his finger. "And this? Hugh would've approved of it. Of you moving on."

Lexi tensed, her heart plummeting. He was right. She'd moved on. Had been so distracted by everything going on with Justin that Hugh hadn't even crossed her mind throughout the whole musical. She hadn't even thought of him once since she saw Justin again. She hadn't thought of anything but Justin. Would Hugh really have wanted her to be happy already? To move on so fast? Was moving on just over a year later too fast? Would he have been betrayed by how quickly she went into Justin's arms-and how right it felt to be there?

She shook her head. "I'm not so sure you're right. It feels wrong. We were supposed to grow old together. Have a family together."

"But he wouldn't want you to grow old alone." Max hugged her close. "Trust me on this. Don't run away from something that makes you happy because you feel guilty. You shouldn't. Hugh wouldn't want you miserable and alone."

Lexi swiped the tears that had nothing to do with the musical away, just as the lights dimmed. "I will try to move on-but I don't think it'll be with Justin. It was one night and one night only."

Justin strode onto the stage, his eyes falling immediately to her and Max-who had his arm around her shoulder. Justin stiffened, tearing his eyes away from her and onto his pretty costar, and sang without breaking stride. But that one-second span where their eyes met told her all she needed to know.

He wasn't happy that she was in the arms of another man ...

Chapter Six

Bloody f**king hell. If Lexi got even so much as an inch closer to that ass**le next to her, Justin was going to flip the f**k out.

Outwardly, he sang his part with all of his soul, pretending his mind wasn't wandering to the woman in the first row. He acted as if his heart wasn't being ripped in two right now-since that was his job. To act. But it was a lot harder to act when the feelings were real. When they hurt as much as he hurt right now.

There, sitting with tears running down her face, was Lexi. She was crying and obviously enjoying the musical she supposedly hated. She had f**king lied-and had obviously lied about other things, as well. After all, she was with a bloke who seemed awfully familiar with her. And awfully comfortable touching her.

And he felt f**king gutted over this whole situation.

Who was the ass**le next to her? Why was he touching her? And why did she bloody well let him? He wished he could stop singing, storm off the stage, and demand to know the blasted truth about what she was doing here. Had she lied to him about her relationship status? Was she really married, or engaged-instead of a grieving fiancee left behind? Worse yet, had she known who he was all along?

Perhaps she had led him on so she could brag to her friends about how she had bedded him the night before his big opening. Had he been played?

It sure felt like he f**king had.

Toward the end of the play, he couldn't help but look down at her as he sang. Couldn't help but sing to her and her alone, silently questioning her motives and the one night they'd shared together. She straightened when their eyes met, her own not dropping from him no matter how long he stared at her. He was forced to look away first, since he needed to kiss his fiancee on stage.

As he closed his lips over his fiancee's, holding the kiss for the required five seconds, he could feel Lexi's eyes on him. What was she thinking right now? Was she angry with him for not telling her the truth? Her face had been closed off and unreadable. No big surprise there.

He'd known she would be.

When the orchestra played its last notes, the crowd rewarded them with applause. As the actors took turns bowing and smiling, Justin watched her. She stood up, one of those Sippy cups they gave perfectly capable adults in her arm, and clapped loudly. Her eyes still shined with tears-and she was looking right back at him.

Gutting him on stage, for all to see.

Her blasted companion eyed him, then leaned in close to Lexi and said something. She flushed and elbowed him, her mouth tight. The curtain closed, cutting off his line of sight, and he lunged into action. Shaking the hands of his fellow actors as he stormed across the stage, he hurried out the side exit of the stage and rushed into the crowd.

Big mistake.

One he should have known better than to commit. He barely made it a step before the crowd converged on him, begging for pictures and autographs. Normally he loved this sort of thing, but he could see Lexi getting closer and closer to the exit, while he was stuck in front of the stage. She was going to leave him. Again.

And he couldn't stop her ... again.

As he forced smiles and posed for pictures with fans, out of the corner of his eye he watched the woman he would never be able to forget leave his life. She obviously had no intention of speaking to him again. Or, seeing him again. He swallowed past his aching throat, cursing inwardly.

Damn it all to hell, he had hoped he'd been wrong about her. Hoped she wouldn't flee with the man by her side before he could confront her. She probably hadn't wanted him to approach her because she didn't want the man to know about them. That had to be why she left. It was over. They were over ... if they'd ever really begun. One night did not a relationship make.

By the time the crowd thinned, and he changed into his street clothes, he was buried in a foul mood. Sure, the night had been a success even if he had fumbled his lines when he first saw Lexi. But besides that, the musical had gone smooth. Perfect.

Unlike his life.

He growled, tossed his bag over his shoulder, and headed down the hallway. Once again, it was abandoned and he was alone. A feeling of deja vu washed over him, but he doubted Lexi would be waiting in the empty alleyway for him this time. By now, all of the other actors would have already signed their autographs and would be heading out to party.

He shoved through the door, his breath catching in his throat when he saw the shadow of someone standing there in the alley. "Lexi?"

She stepped forward, and he knew instantly it wasn't her. Lexi wouldn't wear metallic, spiked heels. Not in a million years. "No. Who's Lexi?"

He sighed and ran his hands down his face. Stupid, foolish hope. Of course it wasn't her-instead it was the lead prostitute. Again. What the hell was her real name, anyway? And how could he get rid of her once and for all without telling her to stuff a sock in it? "A friend of mine."

"Oh. Good." She smiled, placing her hands on his chest with far too much familiarity. "I was afraid I had competition."

No, she didn't have competition because she wasn't even in the game. But he wouldn't say his thoughts out loud. "Of course not. But I'm going home now. I'm beat."

"You're always beat. Or going home. Or want to be alone." She pouted, giving him a flirtatious look through her eyelashes that probably worked on most men. That probably would have eventually worked on him if not for Lexi's hold on him. "Don't you ever want company? Or just some fun? Don't you get tired of always being by yourself?"

He tensed. She echoed his thoughts perfectly. He was tired of being alone. Of never having anyone by his side. "Occasionally. But ... "

"But I'm right here." Stepping closer, she tugged his head down and kissed him without a moment's hesitation. There was no sweetness or even a fragment of emotion in the movement. It was all practiced and perfect. As if she had done this way too many times, and had perfected her technique. Is this how he had been before Lexi? Moving through the motions because he could, but not caring about their outcomes?

She practically forced her tongue into his mouth, shoving him back against the wall with aggression. He knew most guys liked a girl who took charge and wasn't afraid to be the alpha in bed-but to him it felt forced. Fake. He tore free and gasped for air, fighting the revulsion in his throat threatening to come back up. The clacking of heels filled the silence.

"Bloody hell. I'm sorry, but-" He broke off, his gaze focused over the woman's shoulder. His eyes met Lexi's. She clenched a Playbill in one hand, and a pen in the other. What was she ... ?

The autographs for her sister.

That's why she had come. Her face went pale, and she seemed like she was frozen in shock. She had obviously seen the whole kiss. Had seen this woman's arms around him and her tongue jammed down his throat.

She seemed to snap out of whatever held her motionless, because she spun on her heel and practically ran away from him. He dropped his hands from the lead prostitute's arms and stumbled after her. "Lexi, wait!"

"No," she called over her shoulder. "Just go back to ... whoever she is to you. I'm leaving."

She sped up, her steps hurried and uneven. As if she was upset. Of course she was. She had come to see him and had found him kissing another woman. He ran down the alley, easily catching up to her. He gripped her elbow, stopping her from walking into the crowded street.

"Please, let me explain."

She spun on him, meeting his eyes. And this time he read the emotion hidden within their depths. Accusation and anger and something else ...

Regret, maybe?

"Explain what, exactly? That you're really an actor? I kind of figured that out on my own. Thanks for the warning, by the way." She held her arms akimbo. "Oh, wait! Did you want to tell me why you were kissing another woman? Because if so, don't bother. I don't care. It's obvious last night was a one-time thing. I just came here to get your autograph for my sister-but I don't want it anymore."

She tugged free and headed down the road. Toward his place. He followed her, falling in to step beside her easily. "And let your sister down? Don't be silly. Give it to me."

He held his hand out, palm up, but she just stared him down, her whole body tense. "No. I don't want it anymore. Jessie will have to live without it."

"Oh, I'm sorry." He withdrew his hand, feeling like a bloody fool. "I forgot that you don't even like actors-or was that a lie you told me to get me to let my guard down?"

She stiffened. "You're actually accusing me of lying? Really?"

He bit back an angry response. They were in front of his building, and he didn't want to have this conversation in public. "Let's go." He snatched her hand and dragged her to the door. She dug her heels into the cement. He whirled on her, nostrils flaring. "Either you come with me now, or I will follow you home and we can have this conversation there. Either way, you're not getting away from me until you hear what I have to say."

"I don't have to do a damn thing you say, thank you very much."

"After running away from me last night, you bloody well do." He snatched her hand up. "Now let's go."

She paled. "You're not being fair."

"Aren't I?" He stared down at her, his jaw clenched. When she didn't back down, he sighed. Running a hand through his stiff hair, he looked up at the night sky. "You did run away from me."

"I didn't run. I left."

"For the love of ... " He clenched his jaw. "Can we please go up? I just want to talk in private. I don't want to do this in the middle of the chaos that is New York f**king City."

She nodded, biting down on the corner of her lower lip. "Fine. Let's go."

He opened the door and they walked to the elevator in silence. It wasn't until he unlocked the door to his flat and they went inside that either one of them spoke. The implicit tension between them hung in the air, palpable and thick. He leaned against the door, eyeing her cautiously. She looked like she might be three seconds from drawing blood.

"I know we both have things to say. So let's take turns." He flinched when she stepped closer to him, her fists balled tight. "You can go first. Go ahead. Yell at me."

She pressed her lips together. "Why didn't you tell me who you really were?"

"You saw me and assumed I was something I wasn't. And to be truthful? It was ... nice. A lot of women have this fantasy of sleeping with an actor or singer. They do anything to get one into bed, and then leave when they've achieved that." He forced a shrug, even though he was being uncomfortably honest. "I thought maybe if I didn't tell you who I really was, I might stand a chance at having something more real. Something in my life that wasn't just a meaningless shag. I thought I might have a chance at feeling normal for once. You made me feel normal."

She sucked in a deep breath, looking as if he punched her in the windpipe. "Oh. And I left."

Their gazes collided. "And you left."

"I didn't leave because I got what I wanted and was done with you." She lifted her chin, tossing her hair back defiantly. "And I didn't use you. But you did lie to me."

"I know I should've told you the bloody truth, and I was going to." He pushed off the door, approaching her. She backed away from him. "I was going to tell you the truth when I came out of the bathroom, but you were gone. Why did you leave?"

She swallowed hard. "I thought I was supposed to. Isn't that how one-night stands work? We had sex, and I ... left. I didn't know what else to do."

"There you go thinking too much again." He grit his teeth, not sure how he should take her sentence. Had she really wanted to leave then, or had she left because she thought she was supposed to? "So that's all you wanted, then? Just one night?"

"Isn't that what we agreed to? Distractions? It wasn't supposed to be more than that," she whispered, fiddling with her purse strap. "We didn't exactly wait to hop into bed, did we? I thought ... I thought I was supposed to leave before it got all awkward."

"Awkward." He laughed harshly. "I see."

She put her hands on her hips, her eyes shooting sparks. "Did you want me to stay?"

He stiffened. He didn't know how to respond. Hell, yes, he had wanted her to stay. Hell, he still wanted her to stay. But did he want to admit the truth, when she clearly hadn't wanted to? But then again, could he afford not to? Right now, he needed her more than he needed anything in his life.

And he wouldn't lose her because he was too much of a pu**y to admit it.

"Yes, I f**king wanted you to stay." He smoothed his hair, flinching when he touched the stiff locks. He had more gel in his hair than Justin Bieber on a Friday night. He needed a shower-but he needed her more. "I didn't want you to leave. At all."

She nodded, her eyes on his. "I didn't really want to leave, either. But it scares me that I wanted to stay."

He took a step closer to her, and this time she didn't back up. "Because you feel guilty? Or you don't think you should move on? Be happy?"

"Yes and no. I know I'm not making sense." She set her purse down and held her hands out, palms up. "But miraculously enough, I feel more upset about what is going on between us right now, than Hugh. And then that makes me feel even worse. And guilty. So guilty. I'm not prepared for this. I'm not ready."

He captured her hands, holding them close to his chest. He couldn't not touch her. "I know how hard it is to move on, but sometimes the Universe knows when you're ready-even if you don't. Sometimes it'll throw stuff your way, even when you swear you don't want or even need it."

She clung to him. "I'm starting to see that."

He moved even closer, bending his head to inhale her fresh scent. Would he ever be able to smell her perfume again without immediately thinking of her? He hoped not. No matter the outcome of this affair-he wanted to remember her always. "You deserve to be happy."

She nodded. "Max said that, too."

Max. "Was he the bloke from earlier?"

"Yes, my brother-in-law. He was worried about me-and so was my sister-so she sent him to check on me."

Relief flooded his veins, making him lightheaded. "Oh, thank God. I thought you lied to me and he might be your husband or something."

She stiffened and pulled free. "No, I'm single. I wouldn't sleep with you if I was married."

"I know." He tried to hold her again, but she shot him a glare. He'd managed to piss her off. Again. It's no wonder he was always alone. He shoved his trembling hands into his pockets. "I'm sorry. I haven't exactly seen a whole lot of faithful marriages in my life. It's hard to remember not everyone cheats and lies."

She nodded. "Who was the girl you were kissing?"

"A costar that wants to be more than costars." He lifted his head, capturing her gaze. "I swear to you I've never touched her before tonight. She came at a moment where I was ... weak ... and I didn't react quickly enough. I was about to send her on her way when you saw me. You are the only woman I've touched since coming here."

For a while, she didn't say anything, but then she finally spoke. "I'm trying to believe you, but last night you had a one-night stand. With me."

He shook his head, his heartbeat thumping loudly in his head. "It wasn't just a one-night stand to me by the time we came here. It was at first, but by dinner I'd changed my mind. To me, it was a new beginning. Or, I'd rather hoped it was."

She swallowed hard. "I told you I wasn't looking for a relationship. From the beginning, I told you I didn't want anything more than sex."

His world crashed around him. She was rejecting him. And he couldn't do a damn thing about it but smile graciously and let her go. "And I'd hoped I could change your mind. I'm ever the optimist."

"Apparently. But ... " She nibbled on her lower lip, advancing on him this time. He resisted the urge to back away from her like she had done to him. Resisted the primal urge to protect his heart from her words. "I don't like musicals. I'm not fond of actors, either. You're all arrogant and out of control. Annoying, too-no offense."

He raised a brow, refusing to show her how much her words had hurt. "Would you like a dagger to stick into my back? It might be more effective."

"Let me finish." She rested her hands on his chest, much like the extra whose name he still didn't know had, but Lexi's touch was soft. Gentle. "I don't like any of those things, but I like you. And I like watching you do them."

He sucked in a deep breath. "Lexi ... "

"Can we start over?" she whispered. Holding her hand out, she said, "I'm Lexi-boring stock broker."

He eyed her hand then closed his fingers around hers. "I'm Justin-an actor and singer."

"Good. Now kiss me."

She lifted up on tiptoes, her eyes drifting closed. He stared down at her, relishing every single detail of this moment while also battling the urge to whoop with joy and spin her in a circle. He wanted nothing more than to give her what she asked for, but still he held back. "I'm not done yet. We're starting out honestly this time."

She blinked up at him, her forehead wrinkling. "Okay?"

He ran his knuckles down her cheek. "I'm an actor, not a stage crew member, and I plan to spend my life on stage-until they kick me off. I've spent almost my entire life alone, and I'm not the best at being around others and trusting people. My parents died of drug overdoses. Not at the same time. My mom died when I was three. My dad when I was seven."

He stumbled over the words. He didn't talk about this. With anyone. Ever. She reached out and pulled him closer, offering him silent support while her eyes filled with tears. She gave him the strength to go on and tell her about his wretched past.

"As a teenager, I didn't have anyone else. I comforted myself with hash and other drugs for a while. But I soon realized it would kill me, like it killed my parents. So I switched my focus to music. I fell in love for the first and only time in my life. I changed my goals and focus in life in to becoming an actor and musician-never taking the time to form a lasting relationship with anyone. Not even wanting to. But you bloody well make me want to change. And more."

"Justin ... "

He cleared his throat. "And that's me. The real me."

She gave him a shaky smile. "I'm a serious, far-too-cautious business woman who doesn't have one-night stands. At all. I stayed with the same man since college-until he died. I haven't been remotely interested in anyone or anything until last night. Until you knocked me into a puddle."

She wrapped her arms around his neck, staring up at him with soft eyes. "I don't go chasing after actors or drinking in bars. I don't want to put my heart back out there and risk losing everything again. It terrifies me. But with you? I kind of want to do all of those things. And more."

"Brilliant." He closed his arms around her. "Then we can take the leap together. Together, we can't fall."

She blinked back tears, entwining her hands behind his neck. "It sounds like a plan to me. If you trip, I'll catch you. And if I slip ... "

"I'll pick you up." He swept her into his arms, dropping his forehead to hers. "And I won't let you go."

He melded his lips to hers, her sigh joining his. When her hands crept up to his hair, she pulled back and grimaced up at him. "Take me into the shower."

He grinned. "Don't like my helmet hair?"

"Nope. Know what else I don't like?"

He headed into the bathroom, his hold on her tightening. He couldn't believe she was here. With him. "No. What?"

"Seeing you kiss the woman on stage."

He choked on a laugh. "I assure you, it's far from sexual. We count the seconds in our heads to make sure we stay together the required amount of time. Then when we're done, she goes back to her hotel. With her girlfriend."

Her eyes went wide. "Really?"

"Really."

She bit on her lip. "They won't all be lesbians, though."

He set her down, switching the hot water on. He understood where her insecurity came from, but to him it was downright laughable. None of the women he'd kissed on stage came close to being even half as beautiful or addictive or tempting as his Lexi.

"No, they won't," he agreed. "But you know what none of them will be?"

"What?" she asked breathlessly.

"They won't be you. You're the only one I want here, with me." He pressed her hand to his chest. "Only you can make my heart race and my mind soar all at the same time. Only you make me want this."

He crushed her lips beneath his, not giving her a chance to respond. Not allowing her any room for doubt or questions or blooming thinking. His hands on her hips, he didn't bother to remove their clothes as he backed her into the shower. He would just have to kiss her until she realized he didn't want anyone but her. Until she realized no other woman would ever compare to her. And if she didn't ever realize that?

Then he would never stop kissing her.

Epilogue

One year later

Lexi stood, clapping her hands loudly and cheering. Tonight was Justin's last night in the show. The same musical she had watched over and over again, to his surprise. And she still loved it. Tonight was also their one-year anniversary-and she had to hurry up and go into their alley before he got there. She gave him a big smile, then scooted out of the first row. She could feel his eyes on hers as she walked away.

Watching her.

This past year had been filled with so much happiness and love. Sometimes, she swore it all had to be a dream. It couldn't be real. She was just so darn happy with him. He was the complete opposite of what Hugh had been, and yet they were still the perfect fit. The perfect year.

After sending out what seemed like countless self-tapes over the past couple of months, he finally got a role. She'd been terrified he wouldn't get another part, and he would go back to the UK. Terrified he would leave her. But last night, he got word that he would be here another year. He started rehearsal next week for his new show-a modern musical with lots of guitars, drugs and sex. The complete opposite of what he starred in now.

An actor's dream. Transcending role expectations and crossing over genres.

With his next role booked and his future secure, they could relax and enjoy their anniversary. She went to the back alley and stood in the shadows. A bunch of fans waited for autographs, and she smiled at them. He loved this part. She had discovered over the past year he was generally shy by nature, so waiting by the stage door was really the only way to get his attention.

The door opened and he came out, followed by a few other members of the cast. They all smiled at her before signing and posing for pictures. Little by little, the alley cleared out, and soon enough she and Justin were alone.

She hid her hand behind her back, a smile on her face. "Congratulations on another amazing performance."

"Thank you." He opened his arms up. "Now come here."

She shook her head, instead holding out a bouquet of red flowers. His favorite color was red-another thing she knew now. "I got these for you."

His gaze went all hot and her knees shook with desire. She knew the look-and she approved very much of what was about to happen. He took the flowers, set them down on a crate, and wrapped his arms around her. His mouth closed on hers, and he pressed her against the building, growling when she closed her legs around his waist. Rotating his hips against her, he buried his hands in her hair and deepened the kiss. She clung to him, needing him now.

Here. Wherever. Whenever.

He pulled back, dropping his forehead to hers. His uneven breathing matched hers. "I love you."

She yanked him closer, not letting him retreat. "I love you, too."

"Let's go home before I strip you right here." He moaned, burying his face in her neck and biting down where her shoulder and neck met. She dug her nails into his shoulders, and he hissed. "We better hurry up, or I'll bloody well take you here and now."

"Fine by me." She reluctantly released her hold on him, dropping her feet to the ground. After picking up the flowers from the box he had set them on, she grinned at him over her shoulder and tugged him behind her, bee-lining for the street.

And to his apartment-which was now their apartment. They'd moved in together after six months of dating. Some had said it was too fast-but she had said it was about damn time. She'd been waiting for a man like him to come into her life, and she wasn't letting him go because someone said she should hold herself back from him.

Screw that.

"Have I told you how much I love you yet today?" he asked, his fingers flexing on hers. "And how happy I am I knocked you into a puddle a year ago?"

She snorted. "Once or twice, I think."

He stopped her at the entrance of the building, hugging her close. The scent of the flowers in his hand mixed with the scent of hair gel and cologne. "I'm serious. You've made me so happy. Happier than I thought I could ever be."

She swallowed hard, blinking back tears. He always knew the perfect things to say. "Me too. Way too happy."

"No such thing. I'll make you even happier every day of my life, or I don't deserve to have you."

"Well, you just met your goal today." She rose on tiptoe and kissed him, savoring the taste of him and the way he made her feel. Everything. "Now let's go home."

"All right." His eyes flashed to some emotion she couldn't quite figure out. He looked ... nervous.

As they walked to the elevator, it clicked in her head. He was stressing again. "Are you worrying about your new role again?"

"Uh, well, yes." He took a deep breath, his cheeks turning a little bit red. "I'm a certifiable wreck about everything."

"I know what you need." She grabbed his shirt and yanked him close. "You need a distraction."

His eyes smoldered down at her. "I know of the perfect type ... "

"Me too." She kissed him lightly, and then wrapped her arms around his stomach. "But you need to stop worrying. You'll be fine. I'll be there with you, cheering you on the whole time."

The elevator doors opened, and they went on. He smiled at her. "How did I ever do something good enough to deserve you in my life?"

She shook her head. "I'm the lucky one. Not you."

"I beg to differ."

"Then beg elsewhere. It won't work with me." She walked into the hallway and headed for their apartment. "What should we do for dinner after you shower? Cheeseburgers again? It is the fourth."

He rubbed his jaw. "We have the BBQ with your family tomorrow, correct?"

She loved the way he said BBQ, his English accent stumbling over the word. He still called it a barbie sometimes, too, and she loved when he did. "Yeah, we do. In Jersey."

He flinched. "Ugh."

"I know, but according to Jessie, little Scotty is too small to travel. She probably just wants-"

She opened their door and took a step inside the living room, and then promptly froze. Candles lit the whole living room, and pink roses filled almost every surface of the dining room table. Dinner for two sat on the table, but there was no one in the room. How could he have done all of this while performing on stage?

"How-?" Turning on her heel, she looked at Justin. He held his hands in his pockets, the nervous look on his face again. "Justin, this is beautiful."

"You're beautiful." His lips twitched. "This is just a fancy dinner. I know it breaks American tradition not to have burgers and beer, but-"

She closed her arms around his neck, tugging him down for a kiss. His hands came out of his pockets to close around her waist, and something metallic hit the hardwood floor. With a curse, he dropped to his knees and picked it up before she could see it. She raised a brow at him, looking down at him when he didn't move from his crouched position at her feet.

"Um, are you going to get back up?" she asked.

He cleared his throat. "I will. In a second."

"Okay ... ?"

Then, when he flushed but didn't move, she knew. She knew what was coming, and she almost joined him on the ground from the weakness in her legs. He captured her hand, holding it firmly in his. "This past year has opened my eyes to so many things I missed as a child. So many things I never knew really existed. Love. Support. Trust. I heard about it all, but until you, it was just an urban legend. Like the Loch Ness monster or Bigfoot."

She choked on a laugh. "Bigfoot?"

He turned even redder. "Okay, on second thought, maybe this isn't the most romantic notion to bring up right now." He was always so sure of himself. So quick to reply with the perfect words in the perfect situation. Seeing him flustered and struggling for words brought tears to her eyes.

"But until you came along, I didn't know what happiness could feel like. I didn't know what it would be like to care about someone so much that their happiness would be more important than my own. Until you ... I didn't live. Not really. And now I want to take the next step. I'm hoping you're ready for this, too, but if not, that's okay."

Her heart wrenched at his uncertainty. "Justin-"

"I'll spend the rest of my life making sure you smile every day, and making sure you know how much you mean to me. Making sure you never doubt me. Or us. If you'll let me, I will do all of this and more. Lexi?" He lifted his head, determination lighting his eyes. He held up a gorgeous ring between his thumb and pointer finger. "Will you do me the honor of becoming my wife? Will you ... marry me?"

Her knees finally gave out on her, and she collapsed to the floor in front of him. "Yes! Yes, I'll marry you."

She cradled his cheeks in her hands, looking deep into his eyes, and then kissed him with all of the love, promise, and hope of the future. He flipped her feet out from under her, catching her easily and lowering her to the floor. The cool wood on her bare skin sent a shiver through her heated blood. He climbed over her body, settling in between her legs, and capturing her left hand.

Slowly, reverently, he slid the Marquis cut diamond ring on her finger. It fit perfectly. Turning her hand toward her face, he smiled down at her. "There. It's official."

She nodded. The happiness in his eyes, and the sheer joy bubbling up inside of her, blew away her ability to speak or form a coherent sentence. Instead, she showed him. Tugging him down, their lips fused and she kissed him. Tongues entwined, she grasped his shirt and yanked it over his head, releasing his mouth only when she absolutely had to.

Everything inside of her demanded she have him inside of her now. He tore her shirt off, his hands closing on her br**sts and squeezing. He lowered his body over hers again, and his hand slid down her stomach, over her thigh, then up her skirt. When his fingers cupped her mound, she moaned and opened her legs more.

"Please," she panted.

He yanked his pants off and slid between her legs, rubbing his penis against her. She groaned and urged him closer, begging him to come inside of her. Seizing her mouth again, he slid his hand in between her thighs and rubbed his thumb where she needed him most. Her stomach clenched, and she opened her legs further, giving him more access. Ripping his mouth from hers, he sucked on her nipple while thrusting a finger inside of her. Desire made her claw at his arms for something to hold on to.

Gasping for air, she rolled away from him. He shot her a surprised look then reached for her. "No. My turn."

She climbed on top of him, straddling him and closing her mouth on his. He groaned into her mouth and cupped her br**sts. Each tug of her ni**les made her need him more, and she ached to come down on him, taking him all inside of her with one sure thrust. Her heartbeat quickened, and she rubbed against his hard length one time before she forced herself to pull back. And, God, that was hard to do. So hard.

Sliding down his body, inch by inch, she lowered her head until she was a breath away from his erection. Flicking her tongue out, she licked the sensitive tip before taking him into her mouth. He hissed and buried his hands in her hair, pulling her closer. She swirled her tongue over his penis, taking him in even more. He threw his head back and moved his hips, a sigh of ecstasy escaping him.

His abs clenched, and she tasted his pleasure. He was close. So close. She sucked harder, wanting to bring him over the edge with her mouth. Needing to give him this.

"Jesus, Lexi."

He picked her up, set her off to the side, stood up, and curved her over the kitchen island. She laid down on the cool granite, curving her hands over the edge of the island. Bending over her, he bit down on her neck and thrust into her from behind. She cried out, the pressure from the island digging into her stomach and the pleasure he awoke inside of her mingling until she was gasping for air.

He tilted his hips more, thrusting deeper inside of her. She gasped for air and strained against him. She needed completion. She needed him. "Justin."

He groaned and slammed into her again. Harder. He fisted his hand in her hair and tugged her back. As he pulled out of her body, he curled his arm around her, sliding between her legs. As soon as he touched her clit, time froze and she exploded from pleasure. He pushed into her again, tightening his grip on her hair.

"Lexi," he moaned. He joined her, their bodies straining against one another as he found his own pleasure.

By the time she crashed back down to Earth, he was carrying her into the bathroom. Flicking the shower on, he kissed her and set her down under the steaming water. Then he followed her inside, closing the glass door. She entwined her hands behind his head, smiling up at him.

"You still love throwing me in water, don't you?"

His lips twitched, and he tucked her hair behind her ear. "I'll never stop trying to get you wet."

"Oh my God." She laughed. "You're hopeless."

"Not with you in my life." He kissed her ear, and then moved lower, nibbling on her neck. "Not anymore."

"When should we get married? Where will we live? Should we-?"

"Lexi ... " he said, his voice holding a warning tone. "You're thinking too much again."

She clamped her lips together, her hands on his shoulders. "But what if-?"

He kissed her into silence. She clung to his shoulders, her breath catching in her throat when he dropped to his knees in front of her. He lifted one leg and rested it on his shoulder and then with a flick of his tongue ...

She finally stopped thinking.<br/>

