Chapter One

July 1, 2013

Elder Antonio Farrar, the closest person I had known to a father while growing up, turned his attention to the window he had my gun pointed at while echoes of warfare clashed in the air, fighting their own personal battle for loudest demand.

Screams of agony.

Shouts of victory.

Booming explosions.

Cries of the innocent.

Ricocheting gunshots.

Curses of reckoning.

Demands of the organized.

Shrieks of loss.

Antonio's golden eyes narrowed, and he fired my weapon as another Com tried to enter through the broken window. Our enemies, the Commoners, were swarming outside our safe zone, the late Mrs Jonas's office. The only entry: the window I had thrown my uncle out of earlier today, before I had executed him with a single silver bullet to his forehead.

Ezra Zeller, the Prodigy Vampire and one of my very best friends, stepped in front of me, sheltering my body from the window's access. Any of his visible skin was covered in drying blood, which was not his own. His black ceremonial robe was still soaked with it, sticking to his powerfully massive frame. At six feet, five inches tall and built for protection, no stray bullets would hit my much smaller five feet, two inches, hidden behind him.

Which I didn't appreciate. I didn't want him hurt any more than he wanted me harmed.

"You want us to run?" Ezra asked in disbelief, his large, almond-shaped spring green eyes narrowing on Antonio. "I thought you were the terrifying Mage! You fought in the damn war beside my dad! He told me stories about you!" Ezra shook his head rigidly. "You may have trained Lily to run, but my father," Elder Cahal Zeller, one hell of a powerful Vampire, "sure as f**k didn't teach me to run away with my tail tucked between my legs. Mysticals are being attacked out there," his body was beginning to tremble, his muscles bulging under his blood drenched robe, "and I'm sure as hell not running like a damn coward." To my complete shock, Ezra turned on his heel and stalked toward the broken window, shouting over his shoulder, "Keep everyone in here safe while the Mystical with the balls takes care of business."

"Stop him." Antonio's quiet eyes met my stunned gaze. "We don't have time for this."

Reacting on instinct, and both irritated and scared for Ezra as he neared the exit, I leaped using my Shifter strength. My shoulder slammed against the small of his back, even as I wrapped my arms around his stomach.

We went down, both of us grunting.

I knew he would twist inside my hold, and I let him. What I hadn't expected was for him to flip our positions. I should have, but I didn't. My back landed ruthlessly on the floor.

Ezra loomed over me as his fangs bared, lowering his body, which was firm and heavy, on top of mine. The tips of our noses touching, he hissed, "You didn't see what I did. There are things out there that will slaughter Mysticals. They're powerful and strong, even if unorganized. I saw them rip Mys brats into shreds before I could kill them." His Vampire growled, absolutely furious, and he started to lift off me. "Don't tell me to run from this."

In pure panic, I fisted his hair and yanked his face back to mine. I did the one thing I knew would give him pause. Lifting my own head, I flicked my tongue over one of his extended fangs, and he physically jerked against me. Knowing it would feel like a sensual caress, I sucked lightly on his long, sharp fang, gently running my tongue up and down it.

Hearing his breathing hitch, I took the opportunity given. I heaved, jerking him to the side and flipping us so that I was now pressing down on him, blocking his body - somewhat - from the broken window and any Com who might appear there. I kept my grip tight on his hair as I lifted my head away.

The blood staining his face did nothing to hide his expression.

Shock.

Perfect. Exactly what I had wanted. He was no longer furious.

"Antonio is an Elder." I spoke fact, trying to get through to him. "He's giving us an order, and we're under attack. You follow his direction even if you don't understand why."

Spring green eyes disappeared, only to reappear gradually, in a slow blink. "I can't believe you did that."

I sighed heavily. "I had to. You were about to commit suicide." I shook his head inside my hold when he continued to lay there blinking. "Antonio said we're surrounded. That there are two more," I paused when Antonio fired again and killed another Com attempting to enter through the window, "waves of Coms," my breath rushed past my lips as Ezra flipped us to press my back once more to the unforgiving floor and lay on top of me to hold me down, but I kept on, "about to surge. It's time to run. Trust me on this. Trust Antonio. He wouldn't tell us to do something if it wasn't in our best interest."

Fangs still extended, Ezra lowered his head so that his features were an inch from mine. "There are things out there I need to kill."

"You killed all there are here today," Antonio shouted, clearly past compromising. "Quit rolling around on the damn floor and get up."

Ezra's lips thinned as his gaze darted to Antonio. "They're all dead?"

"Yes," Antonio muttered through his teeth. "Listen to me when I say that you four need to leave. Lily's right. You might not understand, but you will," his eyes instantly glowed golden, "obey me or you will face punishment. I am your damn Elder, with years more experience than you." His lips lifted into a smile that wasn't pleasant. "Your choice, Ezra."

His jaw clenching, the threat clear, Ezra slowly nodded. "As long as they're all dead, I'll do as you say."

Antonio chuckled derisively and fired at another Com. "You're definitely your father's son." It didn't sound like a compliment.

Ezra ignored Antonio's razzing, his eyes darting down to mine and deliberately running over my features. "Your distraction was effective," his monstrous, blood-tainted face lowered further as he placed his warm lips against my ear, "but you're so getting payback, sweetheart."

I imagined he would try. You never messed with a Vampire's fangs. My own, even if small because of my hidden hybrid nature, were extremely sensitive. Ezra knew I understood. Retribution was definitely in my foreseeable future as long as we lived through this.

"Ezra, dear, I agree with Elder Farrar," Vivian - Ezra's mom - murmured from her hidden space under the desk, her voice dry. "You should quit rolling on the floor with a Shifter."

Ezra stilled on top of me, just as I froze under him.

We had forgotten about her. It wasn't the first time we had done that. Ezra's mom was just too quiet. She watched, then spoke only when her mood suited. Her mood obviously suited now, since Mysticals of different factions didn't 'roll on the floor' together.

"Right," Ezra stated loudly, his carefully blank face lifting in her direction. His fangs retracted, leaving perfectly white, straight teeth showing between his partially opened red, wide lips. "I was only telling her-"

"Ezra," Vivian interjected, "just get off her."

"Of course," he mumbled, rising and yanking me to my feet, only to quickly tug me away from the window.

Ezra and I stared at our other besties, the Mage and water Elemental, Pearl Cooper and Jack Collins, who were lying on the floor where we had gently and safely placed them after they had passed out when their mates, Gideon and Nikki, had died. Ezra and I glanced at each other, and it was obvious neither of us wanted to wake them. When they awoke...

I shook my head and turned my attention to Antonio. "They won't be able to focus. All they'll think of is Gideon or Nikki." Their sorrow was going to be unquestionably horrendous when they roused. "They'll get themselves killed."

Antonio nodded. "That's why I'm going spell them." He brushed a strand of golden hair, which had escaped his hair tie, behind his ear as his eyes darted to Vivian. "Do you have lipstick or lip gloss that I may use?"

Vivian didn't even bat an eye at the odd request while another round of gunfire echoed outside. She rummaged through her purse and tossed a black cylinder to him, not moving from the security of being underneath the desk.

Catching it deftly, Antonio handed my gun to me. "Just keep shooting while I handle what needs to be done." I aimed the gun at the window, listening to him move toward Pearl and Jack. "This will make them forget. When you get to your destination, all you have to do is finish the 'X', and they'll remember. Their memories will be fully restored."

From the corner of my eye I saw Ezra grab Antonio's forearm. "This won't harm them?"

Antonio shook his head. "No. I'll make it so they remember everything except any memory of their deceased mates until the spell is completed." He paused, rolling his shoulders. "They will be in pain when they remember, but not from anything I've done."

Ezra released him, nodding.

I knew this. Ezra knew this. Both of our mates had died. Pearl and Jack would need us more than they ever had until their lives untwisted from the ache of loss. The feeling of loss for my late mate had never really diminished until I had opened myself to their friendship.

Antonio squatted over them and began to murmur his spell.

Ezra watched for a moment before he stepped over Mrs Jonas's corpse on the floor, not even giving her body a second glance, and maneuvered to the bags Antonio had brought.

More than curious, I probed, "What things were you talking about?"

Kneeling, Ezra lifted a handheld gun from the depths of one of the bags and set it aside before continuing his search. "I don't know what they were. Not Com. Not Mys." My body stilled at the implication, even as he pulled a pair of jeans and a black t-shirt from the bag, which appeared remarkably like the clothes Ezra owned. He grunted, studying them. "I'll explain later."

A Com head poked inside the room via the broken window, and I fired instantly. The head no longer poked. Nor did it do anything else, since half of it lay on the floor while the rest of the body lay outside the window.

"Not Com or Mys? How is that possible?" Seeing Ezra raise his hands to yank the blood-drenched robe over his head, I kept my focus directly on the Coms' access point, giving him privacy. None of the Prodigies - him, me, Pearl, or Jack - had on anything under our robes.

"It's possible," he grumbled, to my left. "But I'll explain it when we have more time." I could hear him pulling the jeans on, the rustling of fabric. He grunted again. "This is handy, but I think Antonio stole my damn clothes."

"Or he purposely had them for this exact reason," I murmured, most definitely beginning to suspect that Antonio knew more in advance than the average individual.

After a moment, Ezra hummed in agreement. "I think he also has your clothes, and Pearl's and Jack's, in here." I heard him rummaging through the bag. "And wipes. Perfect."

"Ezra, hurry up," Vivian ordered, definitely using a mother's tone. "Elder Farrar appears to be finishing."

Ezra stalked in my direction. "Get changed. I'll watch the window." He tugged the black shirt over his head with one hand, holding the opened packet of wipes in the other. When he was finished dressing, I placed my gun in his waiting hand, and he began cleaning his face and arms one-handed with the wipes while keeping my gun aimed at the window.

I darted to the bag of clothes and found inside black cargos and a yellow shirt, which were absolutely mine. I pulled them out and hastily returned to Ezra, hiding behind him - he was the perfect screen so no one could see me - and beginning to change. Just as I had zipped my cargos and begun yanking my t-shirt over my head, I heard Pearl and Jack moan. I flinched, praying the spell Antonio was placing on them held true. If it didn't, I would have to knock their asses out and cart them over my shoulder to get them out of here alive.

A particularly loud explosion woke them fully as I was pulling my hair out of the collar of my shirt. It rocked the building, and I teetered, falling against Ezra's solid back. We rested against each other for support as the floor trembled under our feet, but the room we were in stayed intact. Earlier, Vivian had rambled that the room may have been spelled, and I was beginning to think she was correct. Especially when I heard parts of the upper floors crumble and bang against the ceiling but not crash through.

"What the f**k?" Jack shouted over the resounding noise, sounding shaken...but not wretched, which he should have with Nikki dead.

"We're under attack," Antonio explained calmly. "You and Pearl need to get changed. You four have a job to do to move Mysticals to safety."

"Were we injured?" Pearl asked, sounding muddled...but not screaming in agony from Gideon's death. "I don't remember anything but the initial blast."

"That's not important." Antonio jumped to his feet, moving toward his bags. "What is vital is that you two are fine." He tossed clothes in their direction. "Listen to my directives while you two change your clothes."

Feeling confident in my blank expression, I turned my attention in their direction. They appeared confused to the extreme, but no desperation lurked in their expressions and no hurt was visible. In fact, the only perceptible evidence of anything abnormal, other than their bewilderment, was a diagonal streak of pink lipstick across each of their foreheads. Half of an 'X'. And bizarrely, neither one of my besties seemed to notice the other's half 'X' when they glanced at each other before turning their backs to one another so they could strip down in semi-privacy, doing as the Elder bid them.

Hastily averting my gaze, I slipped from behind Ezra so he could see me. A quick glance at him, and his eyes met mine. I nodded slightly, letting him know the spell had worked. His chest heaved once in relief, but his regard swiftly altered as he fired at and killed a Com trying to climb inside. From the corner of my eye I noted that Pearl jerked at the report, but Antonio snagged all of our attentions a moment later.

Zipping his bags closed, Antonio questioned swiftly, "Jack, do you remember how to use the pond for shelter by funneling your combined wills?"

Hearing him put his jeans on, I only listened as Jack directly affirmed, "Yes."

"Good." Antonio stood, slinging his bags over his shoulders. "You're going to do it again. Mysticals will be traveling with you under your combined protection, so don't falter. Don't stop for anything. Or anyone. A single break in any of your concentrations will result in your deaths." He explained this all matter-of-factly. "The roads are blocked. Right now, there's only one way to Connecticut and to King Cave." Absently, he tossed me a circular item.

Catching it, I saw it was a compass.

"Connecticut?" Jack's blue eyebrows furrowed, and sounding incredulous over the erupting gunfire outside, he shouted, "You mean through the Sound?" He shook his head roughly, his blue hair rustling with the sharp movement. "I thought King Cave was a myth!"

Antonio pointed to me, ignoring Jack's outburst. "Go north. Once you hit land, there will be vehicles waiting for you, keys in the ignitions." Rubbing his hand agitatedly over his face, he grumbled, "That's what took me so long to get here." A weighty sigh, and then a shake of his head. "Go east along the beachfront. Don't stop. You'll see a golden protection barrier. Head for it. When you pass through, there will be an Elder waiting for you. He'll lead you the rest of the way."

We all stilled at the uproar of jets flying far overhead. The noise was unmistakable.

Antonio rolled his shoulders. "That's my cue." A slow, feral sneer crept across his handsome face, and without a doubt, I knew why he had been named one of the most malicious Mysticals in history. "Bombs can be incredibly pleasurable to misguide." Racing toward the window, he chucked the tube of lipstick to me and barked, "The Kings, Elders, and I will be there soon. Don't forget to keep your focus steady."

My jaw was gaping. Gawking. That wouldn't do, so I quickly snapped it shut, pocketing the lipstick and compass and watching as Antonio dove out the window, his body beginning to shimmer golden. I couldn't help my tone, my voice a bit flat as I said, "We're going to Connecticut." A deep inhale. "Via a pond dome." I blinked bit by bit. "Through the Sound." I rolled my shoulders. "I think I should have paid better attention when Mom took me to Sunday school classes."

Pearl snorted, swiftly walking to stand beside me while I tried hard not to stare at the slash of lipstick on her forehead; Antonio's spell was the only thing keeping her together right now. "Bloody hell, Lily, at least you went to church and know how to pray properly."

"He's crazy," Jack muttered, grabbing from the floor two of the guns Antonio had left behind. "Do you know how many hours of intense concentration that will take?"

"Probably more than what he trained us for." Ezra handed my gun back to me, pulling another gun out of the back of his waistband, which he had taken from Antonio's arsenal bag earlier. "But it's doable." He jerked his head at his mom. "Time to go."

Vivian stuffed Antonio's glowing, brown leather book inside her purse and zipped it tight before readjusting the strap over her head so it wouldn't fall from her shoulder. Crawling from under the desk, she, too, kept her eyes averted from the lipstick marks on Jack's and Pearl's foreheads. "How are we going to get to this pond?"

"By force," I muttered quietly, and my jaw hardened as I took a deep breath. Using my Shifter strength, I bent at the knees and launched myself across the room and out the window headfirst. No time like the present to get into the action. I ducked, flying over the pile of Com carcasses, and rolled as I hit the grass. I let my body continue with the motion and ended in a kneeling position. Wasting no time, I immediately opened fire and shot any and all Coms near our window, my gifted spelled gun never running out of silver bullets.

Wind whipped around me as Ezra arrived in a blur. He fired his gun while standing directly behind me with his legs straddling mine. He secured the right side, and I safeguarded the left. Pearl exited next, aiming one of the guns Jack had previously been holding. She targeted the Coms in the middle, squeezing her gun's trigger at will. Jack dove through the window, as agile as the rest of us, and motioned for Vivian to get her ass moving as he fired at the Coms dwelling on top of the rubble that used to be the administration building; their vantage point had been chosen because it was better to pick off Mysticals.

And yes, only the room we had been in was still standing; the rest of the building was a mere pile of stone, wood, and bricks. Mrs Jonas's room had most definitely been spelled. At the very least she had been smart on that account. It had saved our lives.

Another rush of wind rustled my distinctive red hair, and Vivian was suddenly in front of us, sinking her descended fangs deep into the neck of a Com and brutally ripping out his throat.

I actually stopped shooting for a second, merely blinking. I wasn't sure what shocked me more: seeing Vivian, the woman who had raised Ezra, his mother, rip out someone's throat, or witnessing a - albeit scary - school teacher rip out someone's throat. Either way, it shocked me for a second. But reality swiftly intruded my mind's numbness when I saw a Com taking aim at a Mys child, who was barely old enough to walk but was standing in the masses, her bitty mouth opened wide, screaming from fear.

My heart stalled. I may have a crazy dislike for brats, but I'm not completely heartless like the Com bitch that was about to murder the tiny air Elemental. My wolf growled instinctively, and I sprang at the Com. Falling on her rapidly, I viciously twisted her neck, damn near pulling her head clean off. The goddamned sadistic Com had it coming. Throwing her body aside, I swiftly lifted the air Elemental and held the whimpering munchkin close.

Ezra's spring green gaze met my own ice blue one as the child threw her arms over my shoulders and cried heated tears against my neck. He raised his gun directly over my head. His eyes never left mine.

He fired.

I didn't flinch.

A Com fell against my back, already dead from Ezra's round.

My grin was feral, matching my savage best friend's.

Our small group began our aggressive trek through the masses. Toward the pond.

Any damned Com who got in our path was soon cut down. A steady group of Mysticals began hovering and fighting alongside us, seeing who the four of us were.

As my friends' guns ran out of ammunition, they began using their Mys abilities.

Pearl glowed golden, using her Mage powers to toss Coms straight into the air.

Jack used his water Elemental magic, drowning or freezing Coms.

Ezra began blurring, ripping out Com throats in time with his mother.

My gun never ran out of ammo, so I held the air Elemental close and shot every damn Com I saw.

The reverberating disturbance of jets neared again. Only, it was much closer this time. Everyone froze uncannily - Com and Mys alike - in their brutality of warfare. The downslope of the hillside where the fighting horde had stopped in their maiming to stare up into the air was the oddest scene to behold. Four jets appeared overhead, and a gasp thousands of people strong could be heard as bombs were dropped. It only took me a moment to realize that all the Coms fighting right here and now were collateral damage to whoever was commanding their forces.

My red brows rose, but I set the information aside. The Coms were now sitting ducks.

Confident that Antonio was taking care of the bombs that were falling from above to blow everyone away, I started firing on the stationary Coms. Just because they were distracted didn't mean I wasn't going to kill them. If they came for a fight, they were going to get just that, dirty and all. Taking down at least twenty in rapid succession, I chanced a peek upward as the crowd gasped again.

The bombs were glowing golden and no longer falling. They were chasing after the jets. Each one struck its target with deadly precision. The show was pretty impressive. The four airborne jets burst into flames far enough away that the debris wouldn't plummet from the heavens onto anyone here. Antonio was probably grinning right about now and hoping more jets would arrive for additional target practice.

Standing farther ahead, Ezra caught my best friends' and my attention. He and his mom had also taken advantage of the dumbstruck Coms. Piles of bodies were left littered in their combined wake. He jerked his head, a silent demand for Pearl, Jack, and I to hurry up.

The three of us raced forward.

The tiny air Elemental in my arms hung on tight as I leaped over a particularly large area scattered with dead Commoners and Mysticals. The ground was chewed to hell under their corpses where a bomb must have detonated.

Fighting resumed around us. The Commoners began fighting even more fiercely as they grasped exactly what they were to those in charge, their actions now directed toward fleeing instead of sieging. But my fellow Mysticals were having none of it; they had been attacked on our grounds. By Coms.

To them - to me - that meant a fight to the death.

With the added benefit of knowing this assault was only the first round, two more still to invade, I didn't want any Coms escaping to regroup and advance again when the next wave of attackers charged. So on we fought while pushing toward the pond, which was the exact opposite direction that the Coms were propelling to. They wanted the mainland access road, and we wanted the Sound.

"Pearl, behind you!" I shouted, shooting Coms who were rushing at a group of students in their white ceremonial gowns. Students who hadn't had their Awakening today because of the onslaught. They were weak and easy marks without their powers yet.

Pearl twisted on her heels and thrust out a glowing hand. The three Coms aiming their guns at her died as their weapons turned and fired on their owners. She dipped her head in thanks in my direction, actually grinning, before she went back to tossing Coms with her power. That gleeful smile, and her thanks, were not going to be common occurrences once I used the lipstick on her to complete Antonio's spell.

Pushing past the last of the Coms, all of them falling because of the large group of Mysticals surrounding us, I turned and shouted, "Everyone, be quiet and listen up!" I knew how to run. This was what I had been trained to do my entire life. Our escape was my show to command.

The hundreds of Mys around us went silent, affording our large assembly the advantage to hear the other battles raging on King Hall's property, which, as I now saw, was rubble like the administration building was.

Taking a fortifying breath, I continued shouting to every Mys within earshot, "We're going to make a shelter from the pond. We'll be taking an extremely long journey under it. If you aren't ready to leave just yet, get ready now. Do what you must." I knew some of them wouldn't be. There were loved ones they would want to hunt down. "But know that once we have the dome in place, no amount of pleading or crying will stop us. You will not be allowed entrance. We won't risk it."

A decent portion of the group surrounding us broke off. They sprinted - or blurred - to find their family or friends. Hopefully, they would make it back in time.

Clearing my throat, I began walking backward. Eyeing the crowd, I yelled, "We will need complete concentration for this, so here is what you need to do now." Ezra placed a steadying hand on my back when I accidently stepped on a body. We continued to make our way to the pond, which was about a hundred yards away. "Organize yourself in lines behind us. Our elite guards first." I could see many of them near, including my own - Felix and Aros. "Then the elderly, children, and their parents. Anyone else who is mated will go directly behind them if your mate is not here with you today." In the event the attack at the school wasn't the only one, they may faint if their mate died.

"I want Shifters following that group, assisting anyone who is currently injured." I paused, still marching backward, staring hard at the Mysticals around us. "You will pick up any Mystical who falls and carry them, regardless of their faction." I saw immediate nods. They understood this was not a day for prejudice. "After them will be the rest of you to help those who will begin to lag because this journey will be extensive and unpleasant." Another pause as we neared the pond. "And again, no one bothers us during this. There are more attacks coming, and we need to hurry. If you interrupt us, we could all be killed."

We stopped moving. We had arrived at our destination.

Our elite guards moved in front of us as Mysticals started following my orders. With my friends behind me, Vivian moved to take the air Elemental still clinging to me, knowing I couldn't do this with the child in my arms. Once the little one let go, I told our guard quietly, "If anyone tries to interfere with what we're doing at any time, knock them out. Leave them on the ground. Someone will pick them up."

They nodded stiffly, taking my direction without question.

Ezra's hand was still at the small of my back, and his fingers pressed gently as he bent behind me and placed his wide lips near my ear, whispering, "That was impressive."

Turning to face my friends, I saw their eyebrows were raised in an unspoken question. I merely shrugged. "Antonio trained me for this."

Ezra cracked his neck and then jerked his head at the pond. "We need to hurry. Antonio didn't say how long until the next invasion takes place." He glanced left, and then right, where we could still hear fighting occurring. "And that sounds like it's getting closer."

Jack pivoted toward the pond, shaking the tension out of his arms. "Link up."

The three of us relocated behind Jack.

I on his left, Ezra in the middle, and Pearl on his right.

Allowing the teeniest spark of my Shifter magic to flow down my arm to my palm, I placed my powered right hand on Jack's left shoulder. Ezra and Pearl followed suit, Ezra resting his right hand on Jack's shoulder - next to mine - while Pearl lifted her left hand to his opposite shoulder. The initial contact was heinous -I felt Jack's power of water currents pressing against my own wild animal power - but an almost instant warmth of tranquillity rushed through my frame as we all connected through Jack.

Jack lifted his arms and, over the noise of organization going on behind us, stated, "We've done this before. Just remember it's like a pizza. We're going to pick up the outer edges first. It will drop in the middle, but then we will visualize the water running up, instead of down, but only until the top levels flat, so there's no longer a crater on the top. All the water will be visible then." He inhaled heavily. "Last time, we left the middle of the water free-flowing with only the outside immobile, but this time I want it completely stagnant all the way through, since we're going through the ocean."

Pearl muttered, "The fish will be beginning to rot by the time we make landfall."

"So be it." Jack shrugged under our hands. "Now, push."

Following his order in unison, we began pushing our individual wills to maximum strength, doing exactly as Jack had instructed. The edges of the pond lifted smoother than they had previously, since we had already completed this task in our training, and I ignored the murmurs behind us as the pond began to lift from its earth home. We managed to get the water twenty yards in the air, leveled off, and completely stagnant within a minute's time.

"Good." Jack cleared his throat. "Now, we gently flip it so the flat top is on the bottom, rolling the edge closest to us up and over until it's upside down. Again, envision it's like a pizza - the water is a pile of dough - while still keeping the entirety of it stagnant. Just as before, we're going to roll it flat as if with a rolling pin, starting from the side closest to us and moving away, creating a stretched, motionless streak of water." He fisted and unfisted his hands. "Push."

Our wills at maximum power, we complied with Jack's detailed guidelines, rotating the pond upside down and smoothly thinning it so that it was an extremely long immobile body of water hovering twenty yards high in the air.

Jack murmured, "We need to bring it back over our heads. Slowly move it until I tell you to hold." He paused, and then clarified, "I want it almost all the way over us before we bring it down this time, rather than centered over our heads, since we'll be leading everyone."

As we pushed our wills, the body of water floated back toward us. The sounds of fighting were nearing dangerous levels. Mysticals were returning from their dashes to find their loved ones. Some came back with them, while others wept as they ran alone.

The pond began to waver, and Jack demanded, "Concentrate."

Standing rigidly, our lips pinched thin, we did so.

We turned a deaf ear to our people. To their pleas already beginning to start, begging for more time. Engaged in our mission, focusing on what we had to do, we disregarded our elite guard slamming their fists into the face of anyone who tried to distract us.

"Hold," Jack ordered, the pond's far edge now directly over our heads. Our hands gripping Jack's shoulders tight, we held. The water was steady over us. Jack nodded. "Begin to dip the stagnant edges down, forming a large dome, and bring the edges flush with the ground."

Mysticals were still running toward the growing mass behind us, running to security. They were breaking away from the fighting I could now see to the left and right of my peripheral; the two battles would soon converge into one. With how efficiently we were completing Jack's orders, they didn't have much time. Even more heinous was that it didn't matter. It couldn't matter. We had close to three hundred Mys behind us - shouting for the others to hurry - who we were responsible for.

We began lowering the edges to complete the dome, my best friends and I glacial in our stances, knowing we were leaving to their deaths those who couldn't reach us. The decision had been made. We were the Prodigies. With power came hard-hitting burdens, the choices, one of which we were currently enacting.

The edges lowered further as we began creating the shape of the dome.

Vampires began blurring from their sure safety to grab those among the growing number of Mysticals racing toward us, carrying them with speed. Mages hurled magical golden bubbles to capture hysterical Mysticals inside them and threw the trapped persons to Shifters in the protected zone. The Shifters caught them deftly, using their powered strength, and quickly placed the frantic individuals where they needed to be. The Elementals began an offensive attack on the Coms running in our direction. Any other Mystical who was close to reaching us dove under the dome just before its edges touched the ground.

Mysticals who hadn't made it in time began pounding on the outside of the dome, pleading and crying to be let in, and Jack's tone turned hard. "We make the spout now. In the center. As tall as before, since it will have to reach past the ocean's surface."

We nodded jerkily.

I tilted my head far back, staring at the section we wanted the spout, which in effect turned my attention away from the pleading Mysticals. The Coms were bearing down on them as the two battles became one outside the dome's safety.

The spout was made.

Jack's voice was as chilled as ice. "Time to move."

Our elite guards were still protecting us against the few Mysticals inside the dome who were begging for us to lift it. Just loud enough not to break my concentration, I called quietly over my shoulder to them, "We're moving out. Pass the word on."

Felix decked a Vampire, who was crying for her mate on the other side of safety. Even before she hit the ground, he shouted to the anxious crowd, "If you're not organized yet, get so now! We're leaving, people."

I heard resounding murmurs behind us as I looked forward. "Let's go."

Ezra glanced down at me, his eyes as haunted as mine. This wasn't training, when Antonio had used his Mage magic to transfer his memories of war chaos to outside the dome's walls. This was reality. Our friends, family members, and individuals we had spent the last year with were outside the dome's wall. They were more than likely going to die.

Ezra wrapped his free arm around my waist, holding me close against him - both of us needed the comfort so to hell with our 'no touching in public' policy right now - as we began to move the dome with our will. Putting one foot in front of the other was difficult; we saw the will of our dome begin to shove Mysticals and Commoners out of our way as we moved toward the back edge of the school property. To the Sound.

I was trembling, my chest aching in anguish and guilt, as I watched from our shelter. Swiping tears away from my cheeks with my free hand, I rested my head against Ezra's chest and focused the best I could. I was trying to ignore the cries for assistance when what had to be the second round of the attacks began taking place. Explosions rocked the ground again, shaking my entire body. To my left I saw a swarm of Coms, dressed not in plain clothes as the other Commoners had been, but in black tactical wear. They were racing from the trees, on foot or in military vehicles, and firing on any Mys they saw.

Jack murmured, "Keep moving. Will the dome to be impenetrable but see-through. No rockets or bombs should be able to get through it. Will it. Push it."

I focused, doing exactly as he had said.

"Perfect," Jack murmured.

Only a beat later, bullets from machine guns hit the dome and grenades were thrown.

"My mom," Pearl whispered, her voice soft and cracking. She pointed with her free hand over Jack's shoulder. Her mom was on the fringe of the battle straight ahead. "They're almost on her."

"Don't watch," Ezra ordered immediately, his gaze snapping to Pearl's profile as his grip tightened around my waist. "Look down."

Jack's right arm snaked back, and he wrapped it around Pearl's waist, tugging her close. He tucked her face against the crook of his neck before giving a harsh dictate. "Keep focused and keep moving."

Pearl's grip on his shoulder appeared brutal, keeping her will in contact, as she nodded her head of golden hair and as her soft sobs racked her body. But she kept her feet traveling forward, kept the dome from crumbling by her added will. She was tough on a whole other level.

I watched in horror as a group of trained tactical Coms advanced on the group of Mysticals where her mother was already fighting. My brows slammed together in sudden confusion, leaving me blinking, as at least fifty of the trained Coms began...sinking. With my eyes darting across landscape, my breath caught when I saw King Fergus, King Venclaire - my biological father - King Kincaid, and King Nelson off to the side of the group, almost hidden behind the trees. They were linked like we were, and King Fergus's arms were raised, his eyes glowing fiercely. He was using his earth Elemental power.

The screaming group of Coms sank into the grassy knoll, two armoured vehicles included.

Buried alive.

King Fergus wasn't done either.

He attacked another section of the new group of invading Coms, and their bodies and vehicles plummeted into the ground like it was quicksand.

"My God," Ezra muttered. "That's f**king awesome."

Jack snorted. "Mine's better."

"What?" Pearl asked, sounding hysterical, her voice octaves higher than normal.

I explained quickly, "King Fergus just buried a shitload of Coms who were heading in the direction of where your mom's fighting."

Her breath caught. "She's alright?"

"She's still killing away," Ezra mumbled easily as we watched her mom blow a Com's head off in a gold-sparkled explosion. "Damn, she's good."

"Of course she bloody is," Pearl murmured, her face still stuffed against Jack's neck, even though she sounded like the prim English woman she was, her tone turning curt. "She's my mother."

"Focus people." Jack cleared his throat harshly. "And water's better than earth."

Unexpectedly, my lips twitched. He sounded jealous. Even a smidge hurt. I squeezed his shoulder, focusing as he had instructed. "I'd want you over King Fergus any day."

Ezra snorted. "Hell, King Fergus can't blow water out of his mouth and drown everyone. Or freeze them solid from the inside out or the outside in. All he does is play with dirt." He shrugged one shoulder, making my head press against his chest further. "Water is definitely better than earth."

Still hanging tight to Jack, Pearl added, "Duh."

Jack walked a little straighter. "That's what I said."

My eyes met Ezra's, and even if this situation didn't warrant our humor, it flickered.

Chapter Two

Taking one of the wide back pathways to the Sound, we began traveling over the sand. I had no shoes on, like my besties, so my toes dug into the burning granules warmed by the sun. I paid no attention to the crowd's buzz behind us when we didn't alter our course to the crashing waves. Instead, I glanced to the left and down the beach when a commotion caught my eye.

My feet faltered.

Ezra's steady arm around my waist tightened, and he jerked me forward, keeping me moving while ordering severely, "Sweetheart, concentrate!"

"It's them," I mumbled, blinking in shock. And in instant fury.

"Yes, it is," he muttered, literally lifting me off the sand and crushing me against his muscled frame to keep our progression moving forward. "There's nothing we can do about it now."

"Holy shit," Jack murmured. "I can't believe it."

Keeping her left hand firmly on Jack's shoulder, Pearl gently slipped out of Jack's hold and began walking unassisted. Swiftly drying her eyes, she glanced to the left, to where our attention had honed. Her jaw dropped. "Oh, my." She blinked, peering closer. "Is that Elly with them?"

"Yes," I hissed, staring at one of my friends, a lion Shifter, her white hair bouncing as she screamed at one of the men dressed in red robes. The exact group we had been searching for, who had initiated an attack on the Prodigies close to a year ago. A vicious event that had resulted in my mate, Dominic Kincaid, dying, and had left me as the Prodigy Shifter - the soon-to-be Queen Shifter - when his power had passed to me. The man Elly was heatedly arguing with seemed to be the leader, since his hooded red robe was embellished with a gold and black trim when everyone else's were plain red. Men in black tactical uniforms were stationed in a loose protective circle around him and Elly.

"I can't believe..." My voice trailed off as the man grabbed her in a frustrated embrace, his hood lowering as he kissed her deeply.

Elly didn't fight it.

A menacing growl erupted from deep within my chest, my wolf taking voice.

"Focus!" Jack barked loudly. "I'm losing you, Lily."

Grinding my teeth together, I snapped my attention from the kissing couple. Their assassins had taken notice of us, first pointing and then charging with guns firing. "She's f**king dead." My wolf's growling wouldn't stop, even as I focused to keep the dome steady. "It all makes sense now. Her father works for the damn MIA." The Mystical Intelligence Agency. "Whoever that ass**le is she's kissing would have had access to our intel." Elly was now the enemy, even if she hadn't planned for this attack on her people.

Ezra's Vampire even growled a little as we reached the surf. "Fucking bitch." He shook his head. "I never would have thought her a traitor."

"She may not be." Just stupid. "But she's still dead." At the very least, she had gotten Dominic killed. She had even been there that night at Hell's Gate. The possibilities for her betrayal were now endless.

My best friends nodded with me, and each of us threw a glower of promised retribution in her direction before turning our attention back to our task.

Ezra gently lowered me, the sand now wet beneath my feet.

I asked, "Can you reach into my pocket and get the compass?"

His arm loosened around me. "Right pocket?"

"Yeah." It would be a little awkward with the way we were positioned, but it was easier for him to do than for me since I couldn't disengage my right hand from Jack. Plus, I was still gripping my gun tight with my left. It made me feel better holding it.

As we continued in our trek, Ezra's warm fingers dipped inside my pocket. The water was currently ankle-deep around the dome, and even louder murmurs sounded from the throng behind us. He bypassed the tube of lipstick and pulled out the compass, holding it over Jack's shoulder. "For direction."

Jack grabbed it. "North we go. Unless we hit coral. Or a large hole."

"Christ," Pearl muttered, rubbing her face with her free hand. "Will we be able to see down there?" Outside the dome, we were now waist-deep in the Sound.

"We may not at some point." Jack shook his head. "It depends on how murky the water is."

Listening in from behind us, Aros mumbled quietly, "I hope the spout's tall enough."

"So do I," Ezra muttered under his breath, wrapping his crushing arm around my waist.

The spout was really tall, just as Antonio had previously instructed us. I had trust in the man who had raised me, but it was nerve-racking to see the water rise above eye level. We had made the pond-dome thin, but it was still tinged brown, not only from the water but also from how brightly Jack's eyes were glowing with power.

"It's a bright day. The sun will help." I think I said it just so I would believe it more.

As we marched deeper, the sand and what felt like gravel under our feet turned colder, and the water grew darker. Kids began crying behind us. The chatter became more dramatic, the disquiet in the crowd brasher. I even moved closer to Ezra as my eyes began glowing more fiercely; the sun had seemed to disappear altogether, as if it had gone behind a cloud, leaving us walking blind beyond the dome under the depths of the water.

Ezra's green eyes were glowing brutally, and he glanced over his shoulder, whispering to the elite guard, "Make sure to keep the horde back." There were sure to be a few who tried to interrupt our progress, thinking us cracked.

A peek backward showed that the eyes of everyone who had gone through their Awakening were glowing. My breath seized momentarily at the view, which was striking in the darkness - a beautiful multi-hued radiance shining toward us. Shaking my head at the sight, I turned my attention forward and peered around Jack's arm. My blue eyes spotlighted the compass in his hand as he followed the direction of north perfectly.

He smirked, even if it was tight. "I've got this."

I nodded once, squeezing his shoulder gently. He really did seem all right, if only a little edgy. Resting my head against Ezra's chest again, I sighed and continued to focus, ignoring the colorful comments I heard from the crowd about our sanity. "When we get there, they'll thank us."

Ezra snorted, bending a smidge to rest his cheek on top of my head. "No, they won't. They'll still be scared. Maybe in a few days they'll understand."

"I'll probably need your help then, corralling them to the cars Antonio said were there."

He nodded, his cheek rubbing against the top of my head. "I think I can manage that."

"You think my mom's alright?" Pearl asked, her voice vacant.

Sounding impressed, Jack murmured, "She killed everyone she looked at. She's fine."

"I'm sure your parents are alright, too," Pearl whispered hearteningly.

Jack actually chuckled. "I know they're fine." Another snicker. "My dad's crazy enough to sneak away without anyone seeing him or my mom."

Pearl blinked, then groused, "We know Elder Zeller's fine." Thrilled, she was not.

"I can hear you," Vivian called loudly, positioned directly behind our elite guard. A glimpse back showed she was still carrying the air Elemental. She was glaring at Pearl. "He is my mate."

"Mom, be quiet or the guards will knock you out," Ezra murmured, his tone amused.

"Oops," Pearl whispered, not at all repentant...because Elder Zeller was that bad.

Vivian's Vampire growled a little, but she intelligently kept mute because the guards really would make her unconscious if she said another word or threatened us.

Ezra chuckled quietly, pulling me closer when it became almost pitch-black around us. The only light was that which was filtering in through the spout, and it didn't help our visibility of outside the dome at all.

Mind churning after what felt like forever, I peered behind me. "How long's it been?"

Instant from Felix. "An hour." He didn't sound anxious, only factual.

"Anyone know how many miles it is across the Sound to Connecticut, going directly north from where we entered?"

Ross, one of Pearl's two elite, stated, "I believe it's somewhere around fifteen miles."

"Thank you," I said quietly, keeping my voice low and my focus steady.

"At this speed, it's going to take us four more hours," Ezra whispered. "Jack, can we move faster and not risk the dome?"

Gradually, Jack nodded. "Yes, but not much."

"The elderly and children won't be able to go much faster," Pearl murmured. "And most of the Shifters already have their hands full with the injured."

Jack debated silently, then he accelerated our pace only the barest bit, possibly cutting our journey by only fifteen minutes.

Lips thin, I was beginning to feel caged in. "Felix, as each hour passes, tell me."

There was a quiet pause behind me, and then he stated efficiently, "Will do."

"Felix?"

"Yes?"

I knew what that pause had meant. "What is your opinion on the likelihood of the Shifters becoming hostile?" I felt Ezra and Jack stiffen at my words.

Another pause. "It's...a possibility."

Shaking the rising tension out of my left arm, I sighed. "Send Aros back to keep an eye on them. Have him report if it becomes a problem he can't handle."

I heard him murmur to Aros, and then he confirmed, "Done."

"Hostile?" Pearl asked on a whisper, her tone vexed.

Already a tiny bit irritable, I snapped, "It's f**king claustrophobic down here." A bitty growl erupted; my wolf hated this something fierce. "Shifters need open space."

"Jesus," Jack muttered, and quickly rested his hand on top of mine on his shoulder, rubbing soothingly. He glanced back once. "Little help here."

"I'm on it," Ezra murmured. Because of the dome, he was unable to refocus any of his power, which could be used to sooth, directly on me. Instead, he began prattling softly, talking about summer days in California, where he had grown up. He spoke of the sun: its pounding heat. He spoke of the breeze: its harsh rustling. The rain: its damp coolness. The fog: its morning dew. The hillsides: their scenic view. The smells: their inviting hunger.

Two more hours lugged by and Ezra was still speaking unobtrusively, his voice becoming slightly hoarse, while I trembled inside his hold. I focused my will on the dome but listened to his words, his tone. I could tell that he really loved certain aspects of his home town while despising others, such as the traffic. With the following hour heaving by sluggishly, he began speaking about his parents, regaling with tales of his adolescence, such as his dad and him watching football on Sundays or how his mom would drag him and his dad away from the television on the occasional Sunday to attend church. It was obvious he adored both his parents.

Speaking for the first time in hours, I murmured quietly, "That sounds like my family, except substitute it with watching Saturday morning cartoons with Antonio, and then my mom hauling us to a park or out shopping afterward."

Ezra chuckled gently, his voice very soft and hoarse now. "I can't imagine Elder Farrar being led around by anyone." He grunted. "Or watching cartoons."

I shook my legs out as I hiked the harsh bottom of the Sound. "He and my mom got along well, so I don't think he opposed it too much." I rolled my shoulders. "And don't discount cartoons. There's some pretty violence there. He liked all the fighting ones; he found them amusing." I know I had. "Speaking of not imagining a person being led around," I snorted, "I'd pay good money to see your dad sitting in church."

"He slept most of the time," Ezra barely breathed, probably because of his mom nearby.

I nodded. "So did Antonio whenever we went." A wheeze, half of which was my wolf growling, escaped my throat, and I murmured quickly, "Keep talking."

He did. Even though his voice was nearly shot to hell, he spoke of his home. His room growing up. His teachers at his previous school. His combat training from the age of four with his father, which explained why he was such a fierce fighter.

"It's lighter up ahead," Jack stated, interrupting Ezra.

Instantly, I peered around Jack's shoulder. He was right. Sighing heavily, my whole body shook, and I muttered, "Oh, thank God."

With a wee bite to his tone, Ezra grumbled, "I'm sorry. Was I boring you?"

My gaze shot to his. Narrowed green lights met my wide blue ones. "No. Not at all." I shook my head. "I didn't mean it that way." It probably had sounded discourteous after he had saved my ass from going insane down here. "I liked hearing all of it. Promise."

Haughtily, he sniffed once and looked away, clearly still irritated.

Apparently I wasn't the only one affected down here. Needing my left hand, I finally tucked my gun away in the waistband of my cargos and rested my newly freed hand against his hard stomach, feeling his muscles flexing with each step he took. My hand was still trembling, but I rubbed his stomach soothingly and rested my head against him, listening to his heart beat strongly and healthily.

It took a few minutes, but I eventually heard him sigh, and he rested his cheek on top of my head once more, mumbling, "Sorry."

I shrugged. I knew he was. Had known for a good minute when his heart rate changed and his body increasingly relaxed against mine. It had taken him that long to say he was sorry for snapping at me, which I thought was pretty humorous. "So am I, since it did sound ill-mannered. I really did like listening to you."

He hummed deep in his throat, his vocal cords already healed. "Well then, I'll tell you about the third car I wrecked."

I blinked. "Third? How many cars have you wrecked?"

"Seven," Vivian stated loudly, sounding miffed, unable to hold her tongue. "He's a damn menace behind the wheel. Also, and not to be forgotten, three different insurance agencies have dropped us."

A chuckle bubbled inside my throat when I heard Ezra's heart rate speed up. "Seven?"

"Whatever," he mumbled, ignoring my question. "Do you want to hear about the third car or not? It involves Com police. And it fits our current situation."

"Oh, do tell," I murmured, snuggling against him and sliding my hand across his stomach to his hip, holding snugly. "Does it involve a high-speed chase?"

Vivian's chuckling wasn't quiet.

Ezra grunted. "Only because I didn't realize they were behind me." His nose crinkled, and then he added quietly, "It made the news."

Pearl, Jack, and I started laughing.

Over our racket, Ezra grumbled, "After I realized the Com police were there, I tried to pull over. But there wasn't enough room on the side of the highway, so I," he chuckled quietly, "made my own road." He paused, and I glanced up. His eyes held mine. "You see, it was one of those two-lane highways: real thin, but with a steady stream of traffic. When I pulled off the main road onto a field, I didn't take into account it had rained recently." His features turned thoughtful. "It probably didn't help much that I was driving a sports car."

Vivian snorted, mumbling, "A hundred grand down the drain."

"Anyway," Ezra stated loudly, then detailed more quietly, obviously trying to stay focused on our will, "there was this tiny," he paused, then, "it really was tiny," his head shook, "hill that I went over. I didn't think much of it at the time because I was trying to stop, and the tires were skidding and holding no traction on the soaked ground." He snorted, chuckling. "And I went straight into a pond." I snickered hard, imagining it as he continued. "I had to crawl out the window. The water was over waist-deep where my car had landed. I went to Com jail soaking wet."

My lips curved. I had to ask. "How fast were you going that you didn't know you were being chased by Com police with their sirens blaring?"

"I had the radio up too loud to hear them," he muttered. Didn't answer my question.

Vivian did. "One hundred and sixty-three miles per hour."

"Fuck yeah," Jack mumbled quietly. "That must have been sweet."

Ezra's lips twitched, and then he leaned forward, whispering air, "Not as sweet as the sixth car I wrecked. Remind me later to tell you about that."

Jack chuckled, lifting his chin once in confirmation.

I smacked Ezra's stomach, muttering harshly, "That's dangerous."

His chest puffed, and he rumbled, "I breathe danger."

"Oh, good God, he did not just say that," Pearl muttered.

"He did," I snorted.

Ezra chuckled deeply. "I just like the adrenaline rush."

I rolled my eyes grandly. "Never would have guessed."

Jack wiggled his shoulders, grabbing our attention. "We're almost there."

We instantly quieted.

We watched with barely contained elation as the water around us began shimmering with the sun's light; our trek was now on an incline. It was more slippery than before, so we had to slow our pace, but within twenty minutes the water was just above eye-level.

As I panted shallow intakes of air, relief poured through me, and my frame trembled spastically every so often. The water receded with every forward step we took. I almost shouted with pure elation when my bare feet touched dry sand. Fortunately for us, this part of the beach was exclusive, with long stretches of prime real estate reserved only for mansions of the wealthy. It was currently deserted.

Cheers erupted from behind as we stopped, the Mysticals animated.

Still needing us to focus, Jack turned his head so we could hear him and stated clearly, "Same as before, but in reverse. Start lifting the edges of the dome until it's level. Push." The four of us were exhausted from our journey, not only physically, but also mentally, so this process wasn't going to be as easy as in training.

Plus, we had a distraction.

But not from the Mysticals behind us.

As the dome's edges began lifting, the smell of burning wood began to drift inside, floating on the breeze. Sniffing the air, I squinted toward the left. Roughly a mile away, one of the mansions was ablaze, the tentacles of the flames reaching far into the air and the billowing cloud of dark smoke tainted with death. No one was stopping the fire. Instead, a mass of people watched it burn where they stood on the grassy turf.

"The attacks weren't only at King Hall." Ezra's alert gaze turned to one of his two elite Vampire guards. "Alex, spread the word. They need to shut the f**k up back there."

"Understood," Alex replied promptly, and I felt a breeze at my back as he blurred away.

"I can't count their numbers," I scented the air, "but they have silver bullets."

"There are enough on that lawn to hinder us," Ezra muttered with a slight narrowing of his eyes. "And Elder Farrar said to stop for nothing and no one."

Quickly, the crowd began quieting behind us.

We worked as swiftly as we could until the dome was finally flat above us.

Jack explained, "We have no time for pretty. Just move it to our right."

We pushed our will.

The sun began shining down on us, the floating stagnant pond twenty yards to our right.

Jack ordered, "Stop."

Staying centered, we followed his order.

He pointed. "Lower it to the ground."

We immediately obeyed.

He rolled his shoulders under our grip. "Stop pushing and drop your hands."

We did.

The pond instantly slackened, and the spout flowed downward with a smashing crash.

I glanced to the left, eyeing the Com horde with their hands now in the air, cheering as the fire consumed the entire mansion. It appeared that the explosion of water hadn't been quite loud enough to attract their attention, the harsh waves making just as much noise. The dirty water and dead fish spread on the sand for a moment, then rushed down the beach into the Sound.

Well...that was that.

On to the next stage.

Turning to the crowd, I jumped a few times in place, shaking my arms and legs out, suddenly consumed with bountiful energy; I was no longer trapped or focusing. The battered Mysticals, fearful and silent, waited for orders. Loudly, I expounded, "We're moving again. There will be cars ahead. The keys are in the ignitions." Hopefully, there will be enough cars for all of us. "We'll be traveling east, so follow us closely and keep your heads down." I paused before an afterthought. "Drive safely and don't stop for anyone or anything."

Slight murmurs erupted again, but I turned - no time for questions - to my besties in the slowly dying sunset and nodded toward the blue manor house in front of us, which appeared to be deserted as there were no lights on inside. "Let's go. The cars have to be there somewhere."

The four of us moved quickly, and the throng of fatigued Mysticals followed instantaneously, even if they didn't wholly understand. Leading our people away from the open beach, we hiked the sand dune barrier to the tall grass that was harsh on our already bruised, shoeless feet. My best friends and I watched the manor closely, but we swiftly identified no sounds or movements coming from within.

Rounding the impressive structure, a grin suddenly lit my features.

Antonio had used the owner's front lawn as a parking lot. It was full of cars, SUVs, and trucks. More than likely pilfered from various locations.

No further instructions for our people were needed with the sight before us, as my orders were already given, so the four of us maneuvered around the numerous vehicles, heading toward the far end of the rows of vehicles. Closer to the beachfront road, in complete unison, we stopped...at my Hummer. Antonio had brought it here, placing it dead-on to continue leading this swarm of Mysticals.

Shaking my head at his ingenuity - I had parked my Hummer on King Hall's property earlier that morning - I advanced to the driver's seat as my friends took their normal places within. Hearing engines start, I strapped on my seatbelt and ordered my besties to do so, too - like normal. I turned my key that had been perfectly placed in the ignition, waiting just for me. A quick glance over my shoulder through the rear window showed there would, indeed, be just enough vehicles. No Mys left behind.

Jerking my Hummer into drive, I glanced in my rear-view mirror to the back seat. "Pearl, can you do something about that gate up ahead?" I could exit my Hummer when we got closer and break it with my Shifter strength, but I preferred getting on the road as soon as possible.

"Yes." Pearl rolled her window down, and stuck one arm out.

From the corner of my eye, I saw a flash of gold outside my window as she murmured a spell under her breath. Keeping my Hummer traveling forward on the driveway at a sedate speed, I waited for her to finish. The gates shimmered golden, then opened immediately. I glanced in the rear-view mirror when she quit whispering. "Thank you." Pressing harder on the gas pedal, I took a right on the beachfront road, driving east. "Ezra, would you listen for any sirens or too many heartbeats in one place, please?"

He peered in my direction, staring at my profile, as a small smile played on his lips and as he rolled down his own window. "You're really good at this." Cocking his head, his eyes flashed spring green for the barest moment as he listened to the sounds of the oncoming night. He brushed my whipping hair behind my ear as the incoming wind rustled it. "I didn't realize this until now, since he never taught you to fight, but Elder Farrar did right by you."

I snorted. Of course Antonio had. He kept me alive when I should have been dead thanks to my hybrid nature. Antonio knew what the hell he was doing, and apparently he knew way more about the future than a normal Mage, having elaborated our escape before there was even a problem.

"He said to watch for the golden protection," Jack murmured.

Pearl chuckled when the rest of us were stumped. "Hello? It shouldn't take a fellow Mage to figure this one out." When we still sat confused, her hilarity only heightened, and she waved one hand forward, continuing to snicker. "For the love of bloody Christ, look up."

The three of us leaned forward, peering up through the front windshield.

As one, we blinked.

Uh. Wow.

Focusing on the road and our immediate surroundings, I hadn't seen it, but in the outlying distance straight ahead was a massive, shimmering golden bubble. Almost like a small mountain, but round and translucent. "I would have noticed in a minute."

"Yeah," Jack grumbled. "Definitely."

Ezra grunted as he gradually sat back on his seat, still staring at the view.

Pearl cracked up from her perch, relaxing. "I guess King Cave isn't a myth."

Ezra glanced at me. "Do you know the story?" He was assuming I didn't because I wasn't completely up-to-date with Mys knowledge, all due to my mother and Antonio hiding me with Commoners as I grew up, to the point where I had even attended Com schools under the guise of being one.

I knew this story though. "When Antonio told me bedtime stories as a child, this was one of his favorites." I smiled softly, remembering him lying on the bed with me, both of us staring at the ceiling as he used gigantic hand gestures to speak of King Cave. "It's a sanctuary in times of Mystical need, it having been a protected area ever since Mysticals came to North America." It had sounded like a wonderland the way Antonio had explained it. "It's enormous inside, its depths incredible. It is hidden to all Commoners, but was founded by exploring Elders." I shrugged a shoulder. "It's protection against all evils."

Ezra nodded, watching me. "My dad did the same, except he spoke of it at the dinner table." His arched black brows suddenly furrowed and his eyes danced forward while he rubbed the back of his neck. "We're about to enter a small town from the sound of it. Their heartbeats are accelerated."

Nodding quickly, I stated, "Jack, I've got a hat in the back. Will you grab it for me?"

Jack leaned over the back seat, rummaging until he found it.

I took my gun out of my waistband and set it on the console. I used my left knee to drive as I lifted my hair up under the hat and tugged the hat neatly so my hair didn't show. "Roll your windows up and get down." I was small enough that most Coms wouldn't give me a second glance, but Ezra, with his black and red spiked hair, shouted Vampire, while Pearl's luxurious gold hair and bronze skin publicized a Mage, and Jack's neon blue hair declared him a water Elemental.

Jack and Pearl hid easily enough, lying haphazardly on the back seat.

But Ezra was a huge, muscle-bound man sitting shotgun.

Slipping his seatbelt off, he started to recline his seat, but appeared to think better of it - it would be too obvious with a seat laid back - and ended placing his head on my lap.

After readjusting my seat so he wasn't squashed against the wheel, I rested my right hand on the side of his face, nervously running my thumb back and forth across his cheek as I saw the town ahead. Squinting to evaluate the wafting smoke I detected in the dying light, I warned, "There's another fire. This could get a little bumpy. Hang on."

Jack and Pearl assented, hunkering further on each other.

Ezra grunted. "Don't get shot."

Speaking of which, his huge frame was covering my weapon. "My gun."

He lifted a smidge and grabbed my firearm, then re-positioned himself easily, holding my gun against my knee. "Let me know if you need it."

I hummed in agreement, placing both my hands on the wheel as the main road into the tiny town, full of white and blue shops, came into open view. Panting became my way of breathing as I saw what the townsfolk were doing. Even though I had seen plenty of death that day, the sun now set and only a slight scarlet coloring the darkening horizon, my body still broke out in a heated perspiration. Tears swelled in my eyes, and I had to quickly blink their burning dampness away to see the road properly.

Smack in the center of town were two buildings on fire. I wished that had been all.

Directly opposite those once homey establishments, now blackened and burning, were eight Mysticals of various factions, their swaying bodies illuminated by the flickering flames. Each deceased Mystical hung high in the air from silvered nooses tied to picturesque shops signs, their necks broken from where the Commoners had tied the debilitating ropes around their throats.

In the street, Coms were celebrating. Drunk on their sadistic accomplishment.

"Give me my gun," I growled softly, my voice dry and cracking. I began rolling my window down. "I'm not stopping, but those f**kers are dying."

Ezra's head rapidly lifted, and he stilled as he assessed the main street.

"Roll your window up," he whispered, and rolled his down. "Drive. I'll shoot."

I nodded, quickly agreeing this was best. Turning off my lights, I stepped on the gas.

Pearl and Jack shot up, no longer able to be submissive at hearing the fury in our predators' intermittent growls. They were motionless for all of a heartbeat before their windows began lowering noiselessly. Silent, no words were needed.

As I knew they were going to have a little fun, just like the front end of my Hummer was going to, I ordered quietly, "Seatbelts back on."

Mute, they obeyed.

I stomped on the gas even harder, roaring into the town.

The Coms were so intoxicated from the alcohol held in their murdering hands, and so high on endorphins from their massacre that they didn't notice the procession of cars headed their way.

Ah...but they did notice when my Hummer rammed their wretched bodies.

The minute Ezra started shooting the butchers.

The exact second Pearl blasted the slaughterers straight into the air.

Directly as Jack blew water into their mouths and drowned the heartless bastards.

I sped through the packed street. Coms tumbled over the hood of my Hummer to hit the windshield, cracking it, and then flew over the roof into the air. It was a simplistic eruption of Com bodies. My tires bumped along at our accelerated pace as I ran them over.

I kept my vehicle moving, minding Antonio's instructions. Not stopping.

But damn, these Coms were going to die.

By the time I glanced into the rear-view mirror three minutes later, I could see the Coms weren't celebrating any longer. The vehicles behind us had taken care of the few we had missed, and the streets were flooded with Com corpses. In death, they now lay at the feet of the suspended Mystical departed.

We drove in soundlessness, the minutes passing by in our new reality.

Until Jack muttered, "How the hell did the MIA miss this?"

Instantly, Ezra answered, "Elly." His Vampire growled softly. "If their leader was sleeping with her, he could have had access to alter our intel. I'm pretty sure Lily's right that Elly's father is a major player inside the MIA, and like any other prominent man within the organization I'm sure he brought technology home for his work. Their leader could have broken into our databases from her house easily enough."

I damn near ripped the steering wheel off, my fingers creating categorical divots. "If she's still alive, her death will be all-encompassing."

"Agreed." Ezra scratched his chin before adding delicately, "I think every Mys group will want a piece of her once this information's out there."

My lips pursed, and after a moment, I nodded once. "If King Kincaid agrees." That had been Ezra's way of asking if the other factions could have a hand in her death. Since she was Shifter, she was ours to deal with. Not the Vampires', the Mages', or the Elementals'. But I could understand their need to take part in it. Truly, she hadn't affected just Shifters. She had brought down a possibly worldwide war on all Mysticals by taking the wrong man into her bed.

Ezra rested his heated palm on my thigh, squeezing in silent thank you, but the closer we progressed to the mammoth golden dome, the more frequently he anxiously rubbed his thumb back and forth against my leg.

Resting my hand on top of his, I gave it a light squeeze.

In the condemned hush, he twisted his wrist and entwined our fingers together.

We gripped one another's hand, not letting go, knowing full well that the nearer King Cave loomed, the less time Pearl and Jack had for peace. Once we had entered and the chaos settled, we would have to complete the spell. Their pain would really begin.

Chapter Three

Pearl sat forward, gazing out the cracked windshield. "Just drive through it. It should be spelled to allow any Mystical entrance."

We were driving on a gravel road, the one that had veered off from the main paved beachfront lane, which had run parallel by only fifty yards to the curved golden barrier. This road headed straight to our destination. I couldn't imagine what a Com saw peering at this. It could have been the ocean, or trees, or they may have seen nothing at all if the prickling of the spell meant to dissuade them from glancing in this direction. Either way, we were steady on our target to enter a heavily forested area behind the golden dome, the gravel road acting as the access point to the transparent, rounded wall surrounding the area, the edge of which disappeared out into the Sound.

"Okay," I whispered, gripping Ezra's hand tighter. Holding my breath, I pressed on the gas more heavily, thinking it would probably be best to go at it quickly. So I didn't chicken out. "You don't think the Com blood all over the front of the hood will affect it?"

"Um," Pearl murmured, sounding unsure. "I..."

Too late. My Hummer plowed right into the dome.

I gasped.

So did my best friends.

A zap like an electrical current jolted through my body. And also theirs by their flinches.

It felt primarily of spells and time - Mage magic - as we crossed the barrier.

Ezra shook his head hard, rumbling, "Keep going until we see the Elder."

Shuddering at the uncomfortable impact of the immense protection that had zinged through my system, I nodded jerkily, but slowed our pace to scrutinize the darkness beyond the thick trunks of the trees. Gravel crunched under the tires, and two hundred yards inside the deep forest, I started braking and turned on my brights.

After stopping our progress, I stared in stunned amazement. "Is that Richard?"

Ezra's attention was already turned in the elderly Mage's direction, probably having heard his heartbeat. "Yes." His lips pursed. "I didn't realize he was an Elder."

Jack snorted, eyeing the Mage. "We're all dumbasses. He has enough power to light up the entire continent. We should have known."

"Were we ever told his last name?" Pearl asked, staring hard.

Richard hobbled toward our stopped vehicle, a merry smile on his wrinkled face.

We shook our heads in unison to Pearl's question.

This past year, all Richard had been to us was the kind, gentle ancient Mage who had allowed us to use his private beach for our entertainment. We seemed to have issues following rules when it came to sand and water, and Coms, the combination not mixing well for us when we had been attacked by Coms, resulting in us killing the lot even after the Kings had expressly stated we were not to fight. We had been 'grounded' and had been allowed only on Richard's property. Once the Kings had let up on their original punishment.

We stared at Richard, dumbstruck, not believing our own stupidity.

My red brows lifted. "I wonder if he watched over us from his window."

Ezra grunted. "Hell, he probably sat on the beach next to us without us knowing."

Richard halted next to the front passenger door, his hands folded in front of him and his expression peaceful and patient as he waited.

I squeezed Ezra's hand. "Roll the window down."

Ezra continued eyeing the Mage, evaluating, before he finally did as asked. The action permitted the showy drone of crickets weighing the night air to filter through the silence.

Richard merely asked, "Would you mind giving me a ride?"

I jerked my head toward the back seat, my eyes still wide. "Hop in."

Pearl opened the back passenger door, and then scooted over.

Our eyes were glued to our new passenger as he climbed inside.

Richard chuckled softly while he shut the door, and instantly put on his seatbelt. He pointed toward the road. "If you drive straight, I'll give you my name."

Pearl hurriedly thumped my shoulder. Her attention was avid on the Mage. It was probably killing her she hadn't known he was an Elder, and she obviously wanted to know exactly who he was.

Nodding, I stepped on the gas again, rolling forward.

"There will be a sharp right ahead, so go slowly." Richard rested comfortably on the seat, and after I made the turn carefully as he had instructed, he stated, "Even though I would much prefer Richard, in light of current events it would be best if you addressed me by my title, which is Elder Richard Harcourt. Or rather, Elder Harcourt."

Pearl gasped, her jaw dropping.

Ezra's hand twitched in mine before he relaxed his hold.

Jack jumped enough I felt his knees bump the back of my seat.

I, on the other hand, still had no clue who he was.

Pinching my lips, I kept quiet so my Mystical ignorance didn't show.

Elder Harcourt chortled, but I could feel his gaze on me. "I'm one of the Elders who fought to bring our factions together when they were living alone and frightened a very long time ago."

Pearl snorted. "We know who you are." Not all of us. "Why didn't you tell us before?"

From the corner of my eye, I saw Elder Harcourt shrug. "Anonymity's a priceless gift."

Ezra hummed, his eyes forward and analyzing the area with his keen gaze. "You prefer to be nameless." It both was and wasn't a question, his tone one of implied curiosity.

"Yes."

"Why is that?"

I blinked, hearing a bit of Elder Cahal Zeller in Ezra's tone. Ezra had said he had learned plenty from his father. I wondered just how much my bestie was like his daddy-o, except with his own personal brand, unique to him, of ferreting information. I glanced in Ezra's direction. He appeared serene, but his eyes were still darting across the landscape, not missing any detail of the lushly wooded area.

Elder Harcourt sounded as if he were smiling when he countered, "Mr Zeller, I believe I will let you make your own assumptions." He waggled a wrinkled, creaky finger between the front seats. "Please slow down, Ms Ruckler. The road dips here."

Instantly, I reduced our speed.

The shadowy gravel road was precarious on the down slope, which was most definitely heading toward the beach, the thud of crashing waves steadily approaching.

Pearl made a choking noise. Began fidgeting. Gasping, she blurted, "May I ask a few-"

"I'd prefer if you didn't, Ms Cooper," Elder Harcourt interrupted. There was steel in his tone.

Pearl huffed quietly, but stayed mute, respecting his wishes.

We exited the tree line.

The Sound could be seen in the light of my headlights. Gravel gave way to grass, with periodic splotches of sand, and the ground appeared to sharply drop off some thirty yards ahead.

Elder Harcourt murmured, "Turn right if you want a good parking place."

"Thanks," I whispered, accepting his guidance and turning right along the tree line, driving onto the tall grass. My Hummer had no issue with the off-roading. When the side of a rounded pitch-black cave came into view, rising fifteen yards out of the grass and spreading back from the beach into the forest, I asked, "Park with the headlights toward the Sound?"

"That would be best," Elder Harcourt affirmed.

On the verge of the glossy black cave's roof, I turned the wheel and drove until we were almost at the edge of the embankment. The ground was now mixed heavily with sand. Between the small dunes stretching the ridge, a set of weatherworn stairs could be seen leading down to the beach. Where the cave's entrance had to be.

Once parked, I grabbed my gun and exited my Hummer with my friends and Elder Harcourt.

The parade of vehicles behind us began following suit.

The four of us trailed Elder Harcourt down the stairs to the cool, dry sand. He led us to the massive opening of the cave's entrance, while the tattered Mysticals gradually shadowed us, their expressions curious as they did not understand where we were. They weren't fearful though, the protection clear.

Our group stopped there.

Once again placing my gun under my shirt in the waistband of my pants, I stared at a cluster of ten Mages down the beach, who were glowing brightly with their hands high in the air as they chanted, their low murmurs only an undertone on the increasing breeze.

"What are they doing?" Jack questioned.

"They're sending a message to all Mysticals to seek shelter," Elder Harcourt answered, and my gaze found his. He nodded, his lips pursed. "Attacks have occurred at Awakenings, businesses, or homes, worldwide." He perused the injured behind us. "There will be many more arriving from the call. But if they can't travel here safely, I do hope they take sanctuary in other places closer to their homes."

Rolling my shoulders, I felt a weight I had only barely held off rigidly settle.

It was one thing to assume the attacks weren't contained to the general area, but to hear it spoken as truth - he was speaking truth, since I had scented his words - was another condition entirely.

We were the Prodigies.

The soon-to-be Kings and Queens of our people.

By all accounts, we were heading into war.

Elder Harcourt smiled compassionately, and for the first time his eyes darted to Pearl's and Jack's foreheads before glancing toward Ezra and me. "Why don't you four go rest." His words were quiet. "You've had a very trying day thus far, and I believe you're due your quiet." His hand slipped into his pant pocket. "You saved these people today, but I can handle it from here."

From the depths of his pocket, he extracted four large skeleton keys with black ribbons tied at the end of each one. "The keys will guide you to your rooms, which Elder Farrar specifically handled himself." His golden brows furrowed. "He told me to tell you, the first step's a doozy."

Pearl and Jack each instantly seized a key, obviously ready to hand the reins over to the Elder, and swiftly began their trek across the sand to the wide mouth of the cave.

Ezra and I took our keys more slowly.

Elder Harcourt's golden eyes were kind, his words soft. "Go. They will need you."

My chin quivered, but I clenched my jaw, hardening it.

Studying his skeleton key, Ezra's gaze was lowered, but then his eyes rose. Met mine.

Our chests heaved.

We moved forward together.

Toward Jack and Pearl, where they were waving for us to hurry. They stood just beyond the fully-armed Elemental and Shifter guards who, on either side of the entrance, were oblivious to our trepidation. Our best friends' impatience would soon be exchanged for unconditional suffering.

King Cave was pure black. From the floor to the arched walls, which curved to the tall ceiling, the hue was magnificent. The only illuminations were the enchanted golden sparks glowing on the walls that were suspended in midair and placed periodically, creating a stunning ethereal luminosity the further we traveled on level ground.

A hundred and fifty yards inside, we came to a stop.

Gawked.

"Whoa," Jack murmured, his brown eyes darting.

As I recalled Antonio's bedtime stories, my own gaze was dancing. "It's the living quarters."

Ezra nodded, pointing to various locations. "There should be pools, entertainment rooms, and conference rooms, through those openings."

"It's beautiful," Pearl whispered, staring straight up.

Yes, it was. Even if it was a cave. No Shifter would have a problem living here, especially with the woods outside to run and hunt in. The founding Elders had outdone themselves.

I gaped at what at first appeared to be a vast hole, which extended far into the depths of the earth. Around the edge of the enormous circular drop-off was a wide, continual walkway, with a slight slope, coiling against the wall. Suitably, a black railing was in place so you could travel safely.

Golden doors stood flush against the shimmering black walls along the black circular walkway, flowing down to the very complexities of the cave. Decorated above those doors and appearing oriental in nature were red tiled overhangs, giving each door a more personal, colorful touch. The places Ezra had been referring to were ones with gold tiled overhangs and without golden doors. Instead, they were oversized openings leading to other chambers of the cave. Sparks of golden Mage magic brightened the cave's wall all the way down, shimmering on the reds and golds and making the area festive and enchanted.

Then there was the ceiling.

The enormous arched expanse was spelled to reflect the sky as it literally was, creating indoors an illusion of the outside. It currently showed the moon and stars twinkling down on us, with a spattering of lingering white-gray clouds. The picturesque night sky appeared so real that I wanted to touch it just to verify the Elders hadn't stolen a piece of heaven.

Jack mumbled, "I can't wait to see my room."

Oh yes, you could.

Jack had no clue, nor Pearl, what they were about to experience.

They turned left, strolling down the walkway where my own key was leading me.

If we were to turn right on the footpath, we would enter a pronounced open space across the abyss of the cave where tables were set up. Mysticals could sit and converse comfortably while watching others move below. The walkway ended there, the real activity below ground.

Glancing once at Ezra, I saw his lips were pinched. Same as mine.

He and I shoved our feet into motion to follow our other besties, our awe fading from the splendor as we listened to Pearl and Jack ramble about the majesty of King Cave, including the different tales they had heard. The place had been specifically used during the war. Ezra and I walked close enough that our arms rubbed back and forth against each other's; the contact was a must right now as it was our only way of consoling each other.

My brows furrowed as I absently detected that Jack's and Pearl's voices didn't echo as I thought they might, even though we seemingly had the enormity of King Cave to ourselves for our first viewing. More than likely, it was another spell to keep the noise level down.

After hiking downward and circling the large expanse five times, but still very much toward the top of the cave, we all stopped beneath one of the gold overhangs. The cave opening was gigantic where we now gazed, the branching sector merrily lit.

My key was tugging me in that direction, but confusion held me immobile. I knew all of those golden doors were the living quarters. The offshoots were meant for other needs. Brows still creased, I turned and began strolling down the walkway again, sure this wasn't accurate.

My left arm jerked back abruptly, my key fisted in that hand.

I grunted quietly. That hadn't been subtle. It had hurt a wee bit too, my shoulder muscles stretching awkwardly. I glared at the key in my hand as I rubbed my aching limb.

Ezra's arched, black eyebrow rose. "Guess Elder Farrar didn't tell you everything."

"Huh?" I gave in to my key's direction, strolling to stand next to them again.

Ezra tilted his head to the sweeping entrance. "Royalty have different living quarters to the general populace."

My lips pinched. Yeah, Antonio had never mentioned that.

Ezra's lips curved arrogantly, and he took my free hand, pulling me forward. "No worries, sweetheart. You kicked ass today, so there's nothing too bad about being wrong on one issue."

I snorted. "Shut it." He was enjoying this.

He simply continued to smirk, which appeared half forced and half genuine.

Jack and Pearl chuckled quietly, unaware, following us.

We turned a corner down the wide black hallway set alight with golden sparks. Two more twisting corners later, bypassing four other immense openings and six golden doors, we came to four different golden doors. They were positioned on the right side of the wall and directly before a dead end. A single golden spark illuminated the area softly.

Jack stopped at the first door.

Pearl the second.

I halted at the third.

Ezra the last.

Glancing at one another, we each slid our skeleton keys into the locks carefully.

Our doors swung open. Each of us stared inside our own rooms.

Mine was exactly like my room at King Kincaid's mansion. Including the windows.

"Huh," I murmured. "It's just like home."

Ezra and Pearl nodded and leaned forward for a better examination of theirs.

Jack snorted quietly. "Elder Farrar even got my pile of laundry right."

Ezra's eyebrows came together. "What does the 'the first step's a doozy' mean?"

None of us knew the answer, shaking our heads and shrugging.

Honestly, the flooring inside my room appeared normal.

Pearl grinned. "Guess there's only one way to find out. Shall we do it together?"

"Why not?" Jack murmured absently, still eyeing his floor. "On the count of three." He ticked the numbers with flicking fingers. "One. Two." All four of us raised a foot. "Three."

We stepped forward into our own rooms.

I squeaked as my bare foot passed the entrance and a whirlwind of energy seized my entire body, sucking me inside. My arms windmilled as they tried to stop my forward motion. Instead of free air, I smacked two warm bodies straight against their backs.

A feminine and masculine grunt accompanied the hit.

Startled, I screamed, leaping straight into the air.

No one had been inside my room.

Solid, warm arms caught me as I fell; apparently I had used a bit of my Shifter strength in the jump. Enveloped in a familiar scent, I blinked up into amused green eyes.

Ezra's red lips quirked, and he drawled, "See a mouse?"

Panting, I ignored his ribbing. "How..." I saw we weren't in my room at all, where I had most definitely stepped into. "What in the world?"

"Look," Pearl pointed while rubbing her back with her other hand where I had smacked her, "there's only one door." She reached and pulled a key from the lone door where four golden doors should have been. Another key appeared in its place. Pearl repeated this three more times, and held all four of our keys before she shut and locked the door.

Still clinging to Ezra as my heartbeat gradually slowed, I surveyed our surroundings, trying to understand. There was only one door, but all four of us were in the same room. One room. Tilting my head, I rested it against Ezra's hard chest as my eyes darted. Realization gradually dawning, I murmured, "Antonio gave us one room. For all of us. Spelled on the outside to appear like four separate rooms."

Jack rubbed his chin. "And one bed."

Ezra's body began vibrating against mine as he chuckled softly. "A f**king giant bed." His laughter deepened. "Unbelievable."

"Huh," I mumbled. That was pretty much all I could manage.

The living quarter was extensive; it was a suite more than a bedroom.

We currently stood in a living room of sorts, which included a smorgasbord of furniture from our different factions. A black leather couch, a golden imperial chair, a brown leather love seat, an enormous blue beanbag, and a glass coffee table in the center. Under that furniture was a black, red and black, blue, and gold long-haired rug so the cave's black floor wouldn't be harshly cold. Along the left side of the wall were a variety of books aligned on the rows of black wooden bookshelves, and golden sparks were on the wall to the right for lighting.

The room was structurally shaped like an upside down 'L', and the sleeping area was at the far end. A bed that was at least the size of two king-size beds was located there, its huge black wooden headboard rising halfway to the tall ceiling. Impressively, said ceiling was spelled identically to the main ceiling of King Cave to reflect the sky outside, the shimmering stars and moon shining down on us.

"I can't believe he did this," Pearl whispered, her golden eyes roaming.

"Me either," I murmured, extracting myself from Ezra. I crept deeper into the room, wanting to see what was behind the wall. Peeking to the right, I cocked my head, seeing four dressers placed against the wall opposite the mammoth bed and next to four gold doors. There was also a full-length mirror with an elaborate trim of gold, and two other gold doors on the far wall; I could see from here one led to a bathroom, so the other probably led to a linen closet.

The four of us stared at the four gold doors. Our names were written above them.

"Closets." Pearl nodded. "I bet that's it."

Stepping forward, I yanked 'my' door open. Blinked. Stared at the clothes inside the walk-in closet, a thin golden spell bathing its walls. "You're right, but it's all the clothes I had at home." With a cautious stride past the golden doorframe, though the spell was not malicious, I yanked a t-shirt off its hanger and waggled it outside the doorway. "I just washed this and hung it up last night." Swiftly glancing at each item, deciding all of my keepsakes and necessities were here, I tossed my shirt aside and strolled out, naturally kicking my door shut.

Jack threw open his door. "Damn." He sighed heavily, waving an agitated arm inside his closet. "I only have half a wardrobe. I hadn't done my laundry yet."

Pearl snickered, but she pointed to the mirror. "I don't think that'll be a problem."

Ezra exited his closet, appearing pleased with its contents. "What is it?"

I blinked. "A mirror."

Pearl laughed hard, shaking her head. "No. It's an enchanted mirror to supply whatever clothing we can imagine. They're expensive and rare; only a few top Mages are able to perform the spell." She walked in front of it, staring at her reflection. "I'm tired, so I'll pick something for bed." Her gaze roamed over her reflection while she wore a thoughtful expression.

Nothing happened. "Maybe it's broken."

She shook her head. "I'm just deciding on a color."

Ezra grunted, his voice dry. "Gold?"

Her sigh was heavy. "Fine."

Standing next to our ginormous bed, I stared in astonishment as a golden nightgown, ankle-length with slits in the legs and spaghetti straps, shimmered to life over her reflection. The clothes Pearl was currently wearing ruined the effect, since you could see her t-shirt under the gown, but it was beautiful nonetheless. After tilting her head to the side, evaluating it, she nodded and the gown materialized to reality against the front of the mirror and hung there.

Pearl lifted it away and tossed it to me, probably since I seemed the most impressed by the magical mirror. My jaw was hanging, I knew, but it was marvellous. It was any woman's dream mirror, that was for damn sure. The material was soft, satin against my fingertips, and it felt like water as I let it slip through them to the black fur bedding when reality intruded with a glance from Ezra.

He cleared his throat, and then motioned toward the bed. "Jack, Pearl...Lily and I have something to tell you both. You'll want to sit for this."

I moved to stand next to Ezra, rubbing against his side in silent comfort.

Jack and Pearl instantly quieted, their expressions turning wary as they scanned our faces, and slowly took seats on the edge of the bed. Pearl lifted the nightgown next to her and started fiddling with it, twisting it around her hands, while Jack leaned forward, placing his forearms on his knees and staring at us avidly.

Jack murmured quietly, "What is it?"

"They look like death," Pearl mumbled, her golden brows furrowing.

Guess we weren't hiding it so well. Clearing my throat, I stuck my hand in my pocket and pulled the lipstick out, nervously twirling it through my fingers. I stuttered at first, but managed to state, "We thought it best to do this to save both of you today, and others." I glanced at Ezra, who nodded. "Antonio put you both under a spell. One that's still active."

Jack cocked his head, stating calmly, "I can't feel one." He had complete trust in Ezra and me. His faith only made me feel worse.

"You wouldn't." Ezra pointed at Jack's forehead. "You also can't see the evidence of the spell. You both have a slash of pink lipstick on your forehead."

Both tilted, glancing in the mirror, their brows puckering in confusion.

Pearl turned her attention back to us, asking slowly, "What kind of spell is it? Why was it needed to save ourselves and others?"

Licking my suddenly dry lips, I whispered, "It made you forget."

Jack's entire body stilled. "Forget what?"

Lips thinned, I peered to Ezra for help.

Ezra's jaw clenched, but his gaze was steady on our best friends. "Your mates died today."

Both sat motionless. Staring. Obviously searching their memories for the truth of Ezra's statement, but they wouldn't find any. The spell had promised that.

"Mates?" Pearl asked softly.

I took a small step forward. "I need to complete the spell, so you'll remember."

They flinched and their eyes instantly grew stony.

Shaking my head once, I spoke honestly and gently, "Your time with them, your memories, your experiences - they are not something you want to lose. While the thought of Dominic still tears me apart some days, I wouldn't want to forget him for anything. Life's experiences are not to be forgotten. You learn. You grow from them." My lungs felt like they would seize and my throat was burning, but I held their now hooded gazes. "You need to let me finish the spell."

In the tense hush, they didn't respond, only watched. Real panic had entered their eyes.

Ezra stated quietly and steadily, "She's right. And both of you would be doing a disservice to the two individuals who loved you so much by not remembering them." He paused as their increasingly frightened gazes met his. "In time, you'll understand why I'm saying this. Not at first. At first you may hate us for telling you to remember, but eventually you'll understand."

Pearl's chin began quivering, but she straightened her spine. "I won't hate you. And I understand why you allowed it. If I lost my mate today, I wouldn't have been able to save lives. I probably would have gotten myself killed." She nodded stoically, her jaw firming even though her chin still trembled. "Finish the spell."

Not giving her a chance to back out, I uncorked the lipstick, my hands shaking with the motion as I twisted it, and quickly finished the last slash, completing an 'X' on her forehead.

Suddenly, she jolted, sucking in a harsh breath, her golden eyes flying wide...and she screamed, clutching her chest where her mate had once lived inside her Core. "Gideon!" Her head shook rapidly, her golden hair tumbling over her shoulders. "God, no! Gideon!"

Swiftly handing the lipstick to Ezra, I sat on the bed and caught her as she crumpled in racking sobs, her agony ear-piercing, shouting her mate's name repeatedly. I clutched her close to my chest and held her face to my neck, feeling her heated tears wetting my flesh, and started rocking her as I had done when I had first learned Gideon was dead. Keeping my own tears at bay this time, pushing away my own anguish for her hurt, I became the pillar of a best friend she needed right now. As she beat on my shoulders with flying fists of rage, I let her, holding her only tighter and lending her my strength.

Jack's face was now buried in his hands, his elbows still on his knees, and he hunched as he fisted his hair. "Ezra?" Evidence of his anguish to come was unmistakable in the catch of his voice.

Ezra's was solid. "Yes?"

"Don't let me kill myself." He was serious.

The same truth quietly stated. "I won't."

Jack paused between Pearl's cries. "I'll want many drinks once I crawl out of bed."

"We can do that."

Rocking Pearl, who had stopped pounding me, I hummed softly against her damp temple as she wept, her whole frame shaking while I desolately watched my other best friend's life change forever.

Jack lifted his head, his features carefully blank. He nodded.

Ezra blurred in a step forward and finished the spell in a distraught blink.

Jack reacted, jerking with a deep inhale before hurdling from the bed. He bellowed in ferocity as he stalked to the living room area grasping at his chest. He lifted the coffee table and pitched it against the wall; the glass shattered as he bent at the waist, yelling, "Nikki!" Another furious shout and he roughly seized the golden chair and propelled it into the bookshelf, half the books tumbling to the ground. His chest heaved, and he stared at his now plain palm, his mate mark gone, and roared, using that same hand to shove a different row of books off. Then another row. And another.

With his hands gripping the empty shelves, he kept his back to us as his body sagged and his shoulders started quaking. Crying silently. His massive frame drooped against one of the bookshelves, his forehead resting against the wood, as his pain began unleashing in a torrid of soundless sobs, overtaking his fury.

Ezra briskly wiped a hand over his face, and appeared to fortify himself with a gradual, deep breath. Cracking his neck once, he tossed the lipstick aside and moved behind Jack. Ever so gently, he rested one of his hands on Jack's shoulder.

As I rocked Pearl, only my soft humming was heard on this forsaken day.

Abruptly, Jack turned to Ezra, wrapping his arms around him, and wept - still soundlessly - against his best friend's shoulder, no words said.

Ezra held him, much like I was holding Pearl, and soothingly rubbed his back.

I doubted Jack felt it. Just as I was betting Pearl couldn't discern my touch. Their own loss pulling them into a dark abyss I had hoped they would never find.

Ezra and I were still there for them. We always would be.

Though this night was not one I would ever wish to remember.

Dragging minutes passed. Another round of fury unleashed from both of them. This time Pearl also unleashed her anger by blowing up the couches, as Jack froze the bookshelves to crack them with his iced fists. Their tears were ever-flowing.

When they both crashed, falling to the floor, Ezra and I picked them up, lay them in the center of the bed, and crawled in around them, holding them as they wept themselves into a fitful sleep of mental exhaustion.

Ezra eventually left the bed to flip the switch, turning off the glittering golden lights, and only the stars and moon of the spelled ceiling lit his way back through the debris.

My eyes met his troubled gaze as he crawled back in beside Jack.

Without a sound he lifted one of his hands and rested it on Pearl's side, his fingertips grazing mine in a comforting gesture, before he intertwined our fingers. Our eyes held the truth now. We had both been drawn back into our own haunted memories of when we had lost our mates; the actions of tonight had brought them to the fore. But together, in due course, we fell asleep alongside our heartsick besties.

English accented cursing woke me.

Rolling away from Jack and blinking, I opened sleep-blurry eyes to see Pearl glowing golden in the living room area, one of the couches she had demolished last evening wavering and materializing back into shape...except it didn't look quite right. It was too long and the color was navy. I watched as she jerked an agitated hand - she was still in her clothes from the previous evening, her golden hair askew around her face - and the couch darkened to black. It was still too long.

She cursed again.

Gently leaving the bed, being careful not to wake Jack or Ezra, I padded toward her on silent feet, but gave her plenty of space, since she wore the furious expression of the tormented. "Pearl," I whispered, the sun beginning to rise above us and giving enough light from the yellow, orange, and blue ceiling for her to see me clearly, "May I help you?"

Her jaw clenched, and she flicked her hand. The couch turned purple. "I'm trying to clean up the mess." Another twitch of her hand, and the couch went black and only three cushions long, appearing as it did normally. She nodded once, crossing her arms.

"I can see that," I murmured softly, prudently, because she was still glowing. "Is there anything I may do to help?"

Perhaps make sure you don't harm yourself from Mage energy? I wasn't sure that was possible, but right now her expression didn't bode well. She appeared a bit crazed.

Her lips pursed and her gold eyes darted, never staying too long on one area of the hazard zone that had become our living room. "You could dust." Her words held finality. She raised her hands and a bottle of Windex and a washcloth appeared in her grip. She held them out. "Take the couch first while I continue with the other furniture."

Who the hell cleans leather with Windex? Not to mention, it wasn't dirty. But...yeah. I would clean alongside her and watch to make sure she didn't take one of the shards of glass from the shattered coffee table and do something unforgivable.

Taking the items from her hands, I mumbled, "Alright."

So I cleaned.

And cleaned.

And dusted some more while she spent an hour figuring the correct way the golden imperial chair had been...and she went through many different variations.

Jack rolled in bed once, slitting open his red rimmed eyes, only to roll back over.

Pearl handed me a lint brush and pointed at the - now - perfect golden chair.

With hands reeking of Windex, of which half the bottle had gone to scrubbing the couch, I nodded dutifully and started rolling the lint brush meticulously over the spotless golden cushion. Listening to Pearl curse repeatedly as she started on the brown leather love seat - all the while wishing she would fix the damn coffee table so there weren't so many sharp objects lying about - I bent to reach the golden legs of the chair. Without warning, heated hands rested on my hips and muscled legs brushed the backs of mine. After scenting the air to confirm the individual's identity, I tilted my head to the side when Ezra leaned over me.

Against my ear, he whispered, "You got this?"

"Have been for the last hour," I murmured, glancing at Pearl. "Can you handle Jack?"

"Yeah." Ezra's heavy sigh was stricken, his warm breath fanning against my neck. "I'm going to find a TV to bring in here. I don't think he's getting out of bed for a while. He's lying awake over there, staring at his hand."

Straightening, I popped my back, then relaxed against Ezra's solid strength. He gently massaged my cramped back muscles as we contemplated the new sunlight and the crystal clear blue sky above us. I whispered, "It's hard to believe beauty can still exist when the world is so bleak."

He hummed lightly as we watched a bird fly across the sky. "It's the beauty that helps us return from the harshness. If it wasn't there, we would have nothing to live for." With ease, he brushed his lips against the side of my neck. "I'm going to take a shower, then find us a TV."

The actions of our brief conversation were so domesticated, so normal, during this turbulent time; it was exactly what I needed to fortify myself to be who Pearl needed.

I went back to cleaning.

A knock sounded on our door two hours later. I was still helping Pearl, while Ezra sat next to Jack on the bed flipping through channels on the flat screen TV he had found, trying to find a station that didn't show anything about the riots. The television hung suspended in the air between two dressers.

At the sound of the knock, Ezra and I both froze. Jack didn't move, which wasn't surprising, and Pearl continued muttering to herself and pulling on her hair as she - finally - attempted to get the coffee table back to rights. My eyes swung to Ezra, and he blinked, staring at something on the wall. He pointed in the direction of the closets while saying softly, "Your name's glowing above your closet."

The knock came again.

I raced across the room to see that, indeed, my name was glowing above the door to my closet. "It could be like a doorbell, telling us which door someone's knocking on?" I glanced around worriedly. "Maybe they'll go away?"

Once again the knock sounded, more forcefully this time.

"Or not." Ezra jumped from the bed and turned toward Pearl. "Think I can move her?"

We stared.

"No," I whispered, watching as Pearl magically raised the coffee table into the air, which currently looked like a science experiment gone wrong. "I wouldn't mess with her."

Ezra ran a hand through his spiked hair. Nodded jerkily. "Alright. We answer. Elder Farrar spelled the rooms. He wouldn't do this without a foolproof plan."

Warily, we moved to the door.

Ezra positioned himself behind me like a sentinel so no one could enter.

I slowly opened the door a smidge to peek through the crack.

Amused golden eyes found mine. "'Bout time, Lil."

Antonio shoved the door with his hand, bumping my body back against Ezra's as the door swung open fully. His eyes went wide as he watched Pearl make the freaky coffee table hover before her and spin in a circle so she could see all the wrong angles. His lips pursed as his golden eyes darted to Jack on the bed.

Rolling his shoulders, Antonio peered back to us and said softly, "The room is obviously spelled. Only you four and the person who created the spell," he smirked, "me, can see what is really happening inside. When a door is knocked on, the owner's name will glow above their closet, which, it appears, you already figured out. Remember to keep your hand on the doorknob, otherwise they won't be able to see you. To them, the room appears as your old rooms did at the Kings' houses." He glanced to Ezra, then back to me. "They won't even be able to hear the other heartbeats inside." He held a finger up. "But don't let them in. If they cross the entrance, the truth will be shown."

I blinked.

"I also came to tell you there's a meeting in the Ruler's main conference room in an hour." He lifted a hand, which held a large paper bag. "And to give you sustenance. It's everyone's favorite." He passed the bag to me and kissed my cheek, whispering, "Take a shower, Lil. You stink of cleaning products and your hair's a mess." He stared at Ezra over my shoulder for a few moments, an unreadable expression on his face, before turning on his heel and sauntering down the hallway. "You're welcome."

I started, hollering at his retreating form, "Thank you!"

He waved a negligent hand before turning the corner and disappearing from view.

Ezra and I stood frozen, staring after Antonio, before Ezra tapped the door closed with a swift flick of his finger. His arm curved over my shoulder as he lifted the bag from my hands. Glancing inside it, he hummed in appreciation before bumping me with his elbow. "You don't reek so bad. Though you do have major bedhead."

"Thanks," I muttered, turning to peer into the bag. My stomach growled. "I'm still going to eat before I shower."

Chapter Four

Ezra and I wandered the twisting hallways of King Cave, trying to figure out where the hell we were going. Antonio had kindly placed a map inside our breakfast bag, but we were still lost. Jack remained in bed, and he hadn't moved or eaten any of the food we left on one of the bedside tables. Pearl had finished reconstructing the coffee table and had moved on to fixing the bookcases. Neither of our best friends were in a state to attend this meeting. Hopefully, it wouldn't last too long so we could quickly get back to them. So it seemed right on par for this awful morning that, as we rounded a sharp corner, I slammed against an enormous, firm body.

Grunting, I started to fall, but Ezra's arm blurred. He caught and righted me. Swiftly pulling his hand back, Ezra started to maneuver around the man I had slammed into.

I wasn't moving. My feet were firmly planted to the cave floor as I stared at a god of a Shifter. Seeing panting in my future, I quickly shut my mouth and stared instead.

"Sorry about that." The black-haired Shifter grinned. "Who knew King Cave could have danger lurking around the corner?"

My eyes ate up his features as Ezra stepped back beside me, obviously understanding I wasn't moving anytime soon. "Yeah, who knew?" The Shifter's brown eyes were very pretty on his rugged, chiseled face. Holding out my hand, I stated, "I'm Lily."

He chuckled, extending his hand and taking mine in a firm handshake. His gaze never once dipped away from mine, holding eye contact, which was damn impressive. This Shifter was most definitely a strong alpha. Probably my age of twenty or right around there. "I'm Finn, and I know who you are. It's lovely to meet you."

After releasing my hand, Finn held out his own map, still holding my gaze. "I got in only an hour ago, so I have no clue where to get something to eat. I'm embarrassingly lost." He wasn't embarrassed at all with the way he stepped forward, invading my space.

I didn't mind one bit. It had been a long time since I'd had a bed partner. My hormones kicked into overdrive when his heat pressed against me. "I can't help you with that," I murmured, sounding a smidge breathless and tilting my head toward Ezra. "We're also lost."

Finn didn't even glance at Ezra, his eyes leveling with mine as he bent. "That's a pity." His dark head tilted as his nostrils flared - a tiny smile etching his yummy lips - more than likely scenting the fact his mere presence was turning me on. "Maybe we can find it together." Not really a question, more an implied request to something else altogether.

Ezra snorted softly, turning his attention away from us.

And still, Finn didn't look away.

"Now's not a good time," I stated, doing a wonderful job to keep the disappointment from my tone. "I have a meeting I have to attend."

He cocked his head. "Raincheck?" Yeah, he wasn't asking to have a meal together.

Our staring contest had definitely become a battle of wills now, so I couldn't scan over his body, but he had felt plenty hard enough when I had run into him. "Possibly."

He grinned, dimples creasing his cheeks. "Promising."

"We're going to be late," Ezra drawled, glancing at his watch.

Finn straightened, taking the hint. Winking at me, he twisted between Ezra and me, and passed by. He only took his eyes off mine when he turned the corner.

"Alpha?" Ezra rumbled, giving me a tiny shove in the other direction.

"Oh, yes. Very powerful." I rolled my shoulders as I moved along with him. My voice had dropped an octave from that little encounter. "It has been a very long time, Ezra."

Ezra grunted, rubbing his nose and glancing down at our map.

I sighed, pointing at the conference room area. "I think we took a wrong turn there."

Glancing from side-to-side, he agreed.

It took us ten more minutes to find the main Ruler conference room, having entered three other smaller ones first. Pathetically, we didn't actually find it ourselves. In the end, we followed the sound of Antonio and Cahal - Ezra's dad - arguing around another corner.

"You can cut the damn act, Antonio," Cahal muttered, his voice traveling loudly, which meant he was probably shouting. "You've always been a bad liar."

"Go f**k yourself," Antonio retorted. "It's not an act, as much as you think otherwise."

I sniffed the air as Ezra and I tentatively turned the corner. I smelled deception. Whatever they were arguing about, Antonio had just lied to Cahal. Only a Shifter would scent it though. And his heart rate was normal for an argument. Not wanting to give the lie away, I hooded my eyes when their attention slammed to us.

Cahal's nostrils were already flared, but he stalled. Inhaling even more deeply, he glanced at me. His dark gaze instantly swung to his son.

Ezra's lips twitched, his gauging eyes darting between the arguing two. "She just met a Shifter she wants to jump in bed with."

My cheeks flushed, and I realized Cahal was smelling my lingering arousal. "I wouldn't say 'jump' exactly." That made me sound like a slut. After a quick glare at Ezra, I turned my attention to Antonio. "If you'll point us to the main Ruler conference room, we'll get out of your hair."

Antonio ran an agitated hand through said golden hair. "I'll show you." His eyes pierced Cahal's, glowing in silent warning. "We're through here." He shoved the riled Vampire's shoulder as he walked, herding Ezra and I into a conference room two doors down.

Cahal was still glaring at the back of Antonio's head.

"What was that about?" I barely breathed.

Antonio yanked his hair back with a hair tie, his movements agitated. "Things aren't always what they appear, Lil. You'd do well to remember that." He left us, marching straight to an extensive bar at a corner of the vast square room, and poured himself a large drink. It wasn't even noon yet.

Ezra raised an eyebrow in silent question.

I only shrugged, not giving away the fact that I knew Antonio had lied to his dad. Antonio and Cahal had acted distant at the graduation, but they had worked together well. They had trusted each other anyway, when the attacks had occurred. But then, they were used to that type of interaction, since they had been the Kings when the war had erupted the first time. It appeared they didn't like each other any more than any other Mystical from different factions.

Turning my attention to the packed room, I saw all of the current Kings, healthy and well, standing in the corner and speaking with other men dressed as they were in suits. In fact, everyone was in a suit. Glancing down at my own attire of a t-shirt and a pair of jeans, and then at Ezra in his jeans and t-shirt, plus his hooded blue jacket, I kind of wished Antonio had mentioned the dress requirement. We were sorely out of place.

Not to mention... "I'm the only female here."

Ezra chuckled. "You'll get the most attention, then."

"As if I want it," I muttered quickly under my breath. A Shifter with black hair was approaching, wearing a friendly smile with his stuffy duds. He appeared to be mid-thirties in Com years, so he was probably between one hundred and one hundred and fifty years old. Handsome and tall - like all Mysticals - his body was built with plenty of muscles, as all Shifter bodies were. He had a kind face compared to all the stoic individuals inside the room.

"Lily Ruckler. It's a pleasure to meet you." He extended his hand, while I enjoyed listening to his lilting brogue. "I'm Elder Talus."

Keeping my expression pleasant, I shook his hand, having no clue who he was except to guess he had been the King Shifter directly before Antonio and Cahal's group were in power. "It's nice to meet you, too." Removing my hand from his, I gestured to Ezra. "This is Ezra Zeller, Prodigy Vampire." I smiled sweetly at Ezra, pulling the attention off myself and also giving him a little payback for his comment outside.

Ezra's lips twitched, but he greeted Elder Talus agreeably.

For me to only blink and see Cahal suddenly next to us.

Glancing once at Ezra's dad, Elder Talus booked a hasty retreat.

Heh. Who would have thought having Ezra's pops around would be advantageous?

"Did you get settled in alright?" Cahal asked Ezra, completely ignoring me.

I was perfectly fine with this, letting my gaze roam the room. My eyes landed on King Kincaid. Taking advantage of Cahal's snuff a few beats later, I snuck away to where all four Kings were standing and chatting with a - I was assuming - set of four Elders.

King Kincaid tucked me under his arm, staring down at me like a proud papa. "You protected many. You did well yesterday."

I smiled. It was gloomy. "There were a lot who we couldn't save."

King Fergus's eyes darted round the room. "Have you seen Jack?"

"Or Pearl?" King Nelson murmured quietly, his eyes also scanning.

I cleared my throat and spoke quietly, since the four Elders they had been speaking with were now talking amongst themselves, but were also definitely eavesdropping with their not-so-covert glances my way. "Jack and Pearl won't be attending today." Realizing they didn't know from their instant stunned expressions, which were quickly turning irritated, I stated, "Their mates died."

Blank faces all around, including the eavesdroppers.

"Christ," King Fergus muttered, glancing to the door. "That's what happened when they fainted." He cracked his neck. "I'll be back after I check on Jack."

Instantly shaking my head, I added, "He's not exactly taking visitors right now." A glance to King Nelson. "Or Pearl. They were both..." I let my words hang. They could make their own assumptions. But I did glance up at King Kincaid. "Fi's alright?" Fi was his mate, who had treated me as a daughter for the past year.

Dark eyes so like Dominic's met mine. "Yes. She's fine."

"Does anyone know about Pearl or Jack's families?" Ezra asked, strolling to stand next to me, having apparently escaped his father. "I'd like to give them some good news if I can."

King Venclaire nodded. "Both families are fine. They made the journey here with us and they're staying. They don't want to risk traveling."

Ezra and I sighed in relief. At least there was something decent to tell them.

"If everyone will please take a seat, this meeting is being called to order," an elderly Elemental stated just as I saw Richard, Elder Harcourt, slip inside the room.

I sat at the far end of the black and gray marble oval table. It was bulky enough to fit the roughly thirty men and me around its edges. I was fairly sure that all the men I didn't know were Elders. Power exuded throughout the room, making it stifling since the door was now closed.

The older Elemental who had called the meeting to order remained standing. "By now, all of you know that the Commoners have attacked worldwide." His wrinkled face was grim under his thick yellow hair, but not surprisingly, he was still handsome - the benefits of Mys genes. "The attacks coincided with the Awakenings. From what we can decipher, the original problem started with an email sent with a video attachment." He had said the words oddly, as if he had just learned them. "It spread like a Com virus only a day before the Awakenings." He gestured to Elder Harcourt. "We have a copy."

Elder Harcourt flicked a hand - no glowing - and a golden cube appeared in the center of our group, hovering over the table. An image appeared on each of the cube's sides. Standing in the center of the 'screen' was a man dressed in a red robe, his hood down over half his face, only his mouth visible. He was not the leader we had viewed yesterday. Elder Harcourt tilted his head and the image moved to life, its accompanying sound emanating from the cube.

"The Mystical race has lied. Deceived every Commoner of our precious world." The hooded man took a few steps forward, his robe swishing around his legs. "Mysticals stated they cannot have children with Commoners. That is false. Mysticals have been raping and killing our women for generations to produce mindless monsters," he threw an arm to the right, "like this."

I watched in horror as a thing was dragged on screen by two other men in red hooded robes, who each held silver chains that wrapped around its neck like a collar, while silver shackles bound its wrists and ankles.

The Elders and Kings around me gasped.

Ezra did not.

I glanced at him, and he nodded once, indicating this was what he had been talking about during the attack at King Hall. The things he had killed. My gaze swept back to the screen.

"This, my fellow Commoners, is what happens when a Mystical hybrid mates with a Commoner," the spokesman stated. "This particular breed is Mage and Shifter and Commoner." He yanked up the head of the golden-haired thing so the world could see a hawk's face on a supposed Commoner's body: talons for hands, wings spouting from the shoulder blades, and the lower half with skin the color of bronze.

"They have lied! They are creating these monsters to kill us. Believe me, my friends, this one may seem docile," he tossed the head down, "but only after being injected constantly with silver did its attempts to kill stop." He paused. "And there are more." The camera turned to show a cage full of creatures lying on each other, all wearing silver shackles, before turning back to the spokesman. "This is only one of the Mystical strongholds we have captured, but there are others." He pointed directly at the camera, to his audience. "They deceived us. They want to wipe us from this planet. Be prepared to fight."

The cube disappeared as the screen went blank.

The room's occupants launched into an uproar.

I didn't hear anything except for the resounding word 'hybrid' as it echoed in my head, pounding through my mind. My fear was uncontrollable. The spokesman had said hybrids created those creatures by mating with Commoners. Breeding with Commoners wasn't supposed to be an actuality. It was supposed to be safe to have sex with them, our two kinds not compatible for conception, but...if hybrids should be dead at birth, weren't supposed to exist, then what the Elders had taught the Mys community would have been the truth.

No hybrids equaled no mindless monstrosities.

Though if parents managed to hide their hybrid children, as my mother had with me, then more hybrids could exist. My brain felt as if it were imploding; there were so many implications for myself and for the Mystical people swimming through my thoughts. As the room began to darken, feeling myself start to slip into a dead faint, Ezra's leg brushed against mine and rested there.

Tranquillity instantly suffused my clenched muscles and inside my mind. Other voices entered my previously chaotic awareness. My attention snapped to Ezra and his eyes met mine for a brief moment, expressing he was using his power to aid me so I didn't do anything stupid. For example: faint, when I should be spitting fire and trying to figure this out, like everyone else in the room.

Swinging my gaze back to the table's occupants, I didn't dare move my leg from his. Ezra's emotional gift was the only thing keeping everyone from turning their attention on me. I most certainly didn't need trouble on this level, since everyone was only now figuring out that hybrids did, in fact, exist. And what they were capable of.

Conceiving slaying beings with Commoners.

"Wait!" Elder Talus barked an abrupt order. When the room quieted, he turned his attention to Elder Harcourt. "How do we know the video isn't doctored? That a Commoner extremist group isn't lying to start a war?"

Everyone held their breath, staring at the older Mage.

Elder Harcourt reclined on his seat, relaxed and cool. "The video wasn't doctored." He tilted his head toward the Elemental who had begun the meeting. "Elder Camden will explain."

Gazes snapped to the elderly Elemental as he cleared his throat. Placing his fingertips on the marble table, he peered out to each occupant inside the conference room, his eyes meeting everyone's. "Any hybrids who have escaped the Executioner are capable of breeding with Commoners." His yellow eyebrows furrowed. "Their offspring are as the Com stated. They are ravenous Beasts that usually kill the mother from inside the womb. The pregnancy rarely goes to full-term. Ages ago this wasn't so much an issue, because the Beast normally died along with the mother, but," a glance at Elder Harcourt, then he again spoke the words strangely, "with technological advances in prenatal care," his eyes met everyone's shocked ones, "the Beasts can be born, even if the mother dies."

I wondered if anyone else caught the words 'usually' and 'normally' he had used.

One of the four men who had been speaking with the Kings earlier growled low - a wolf Shifter. "You never thought to tell us this when we were working on the peace treaty?"

Huh. Those four must be the Kings who had come after Antonio and Cahal's four, the politically sound ones who had worked so hard for peace between Commoners and Mysticals.

"This shouldn't have been an issue. The information was kept secret and only passed down to the next senior Elders," which meant he, and possibly Elder Harcourt, were the oldest Mystical Elders remaining, "specifically so the Beasts weren't created." Elder Camden shook his head. "It should have been enough that hybrids can't do an Awakening." Quickly, I scented the air, and found he spoke truth. He believed what he was saying. Thumping his aged fist onto the table, he expounded, "Plus, the goddamn Executioner should have taken care of any hybrids."

"Obviously, he didn't," King Nelson muttered under his breath, his eyes flashing gold while staring at the ceiling.

Into the quiet, Antonio asked, "Elder Harcourt, what else do you know?"

Elder Harcourt's lips tilted, the smile of the devil himself, making me do a double-take at the wrinkle-faced Mage. "Antonio, please be more specific."

A heavy sigh from Antonio. "About the Beasts."

"Ah." Elder Harcourt drummed his fingers on the table and stared at his thumping digits, humming quietly. "As they are, they age faster than Mysticals but slower than Commoners due to their mixed heritage. They pledge no allegiance to Mystical or Commoner because they are insane from the day they are born. As they are absolute killing machines, only thoughts of hunger - all kinds - hold their attention." He paused, his gaze snapping directly to Antonio. "They aren't easy to control with our powers, due in part to their mixed blood, which creates a sort of immunity. Only silver fully moderates their behavior, making what the Com said that much more truthful."

Cahal's chest expanded and slowly lowered. "What do you two know of hybrids? If they exist, we need to know everything you do since that's where the original problem lies."

I pressed my leg harder against Ezra's, thanking God that Ezra was here to give me the support I needed to keep my heart rate lowered and common sense flowing.

Elder Harcourt continued tapping his fingers on the table. "Hybrids live as long as any Mystical, so it wouldn't take many banding together to create an army of Beasts and control them with silver." His head cocked. "A hybrid's duel bloodline causes a reaction to occur biologically. They may have two different faction's powers, yes, but it is the extra power within their Core that causes a slight breakdown of their reproductive system - something has to give when they're born with more than what a Mystical's biological make-up allows - thus allowing them to breed with a Commoner."

"But...why would hybrids do it? Create Beasts such as that?" an Elder Elemental, another one of the four who had been speaking with the Kings earlier, whom I was guessing had also aided in the peace treaty, asked into the tense silence. "It makes no sense."

No one spoke.

To me, the answer was obvious, so I spoke quietly, "Their nature itself would give them the perfect motive to wage war against the Mystical community, since the Executioner kills their kind just for being born. They use the Commoners' fear to fuel their motives because the Beasts may be killing machines, but they're not controllable and not the perfect soldier to create the destruction they want. Not like the Commoners would be." An absent nod of my head. "The Beasts are only the pebble thrown into the center of the lake. The ripples, what disturbs the entire surface of our world, are the Commoners." I rolled my shoulders. "Really, it's f**king genius retribution."

Every single man...stared.

Elder Harcourt chuckled softly. "Fierce, beautiful, and intelligent." He bowed his head to me. "You're going to make one miraculous Queen."

The Elder Shifter who had spoken before stated, "No Commoner, especially any in power, will want to believe they're being manipulated. Their pride won't allow it. Plus, we didn't tell them the truth when the treaty was signed. Now that we've lied to them, even if unknowingly, their trust in us is diminished." He sighed, his head of dark hair falling back onto the leather chair. "What the hell do we tell them to stop a full-fledged war?"

No one had an answer for that, myself included.

Elder Camden's lips pinched, and he finally sat, turning his attention to Antonio and Cahal. "In light of our current situation, it would be best for your four to be whole." Everyone understood that for what it was: the definite possibility of the coming of a second world war between the Commoners and Mysticals. "Elder Merrick and Elder Jacobs need to be here."

Both Antonio and Cahal nodded.

"I'm assuming we're the ones who will be speaking with the Com politicians of the world, since we collaborated the peace treaty, correct?" the Elder Shifter asked.

Elder Harcourt confirmed, "Yes, Elder Townsend. You," he nodded to the Elemental, "Elder White," a head tilt to a Mage, "Elder Samson," eyes to a Vampire, "and Elder Bridges will be conducting the current political aspects and discussions with the Commoner politicians worldwide, as before. You four will keep us updated with your progress. We trust you to push for peace any way you can," he paused, "legally."

The Vampire, Elder Bridges, cursed quietly under his breath.

Elder Harcourt's wicked grin reappeared. "Peace needs to be lasting, not temporary, Elder Bridges, which is all it would be if you used your power on this group of Com leaders, since the next in line will be ready for war, like the current ones are."

Elder Bridges merely narrowed his eyes at Elder Harcourt.

"We have other information you may wish to know," Ezra stated gradually, breaking the strained hush. Everyone turned their attention in our direction. Ezra tilted his head and rested further on his chair, comfortable in speaking in front of a portion of the most powerful Mysticals in the world without any added emotional powers helping him. "Yesterday, during our escape on the beach, we saw Elly Belford, a lion Shifter, arguing with one of the assassins who was wearing a red robe and appeared to be their leader. During their argument, he kissed her. She didn't pull away." He paused, letting this sink in. "From what we understand, her father is a high-ranking official in the MIA."

A spew of oaths erupted from King Kincaid - not a surprising reaction with the fact she had been under his roof multiple times - until he calmed enough to confirm with the group that Mr Belford was, indeed, a high-ranking official within the MIA.

Ezra shrugged a jaded shoulder. "If the Com hacked our agency's database from Mr Belford's home system, it would explain how MIA missed this."

As predicted, pretty much everyone wanted a piece not only of Elly but also of her father for being so careless. After a quick phone call, it was established that Elly and her parents weren't residing inside King Cave, which didn't lighten the mood any, since the Rulers' anger wouldn't have an outlet as they had hoped. But I could have told them she wasn't here. She had to have seen us when their group charged us yesterday. She had known we had seen her. Elly wouldn't walk into her own death willingly.

Elder Camden and Elder Harcourt informed all of us that we would have duties inside King Cave, apparently just as the Rulers had last time when the war had erupted. He also added that we would be phoned later of our responsibilities - once they had been figured out - before we were formally dismissed from the meeting.

I didn't want to remove my leg from beside Ezra's, but it would seem odd if we continued sitting as everyone stood. Sighing, I took a fortifying breath and slowly lifted from my chair. I was pleased to find I was alright, the earlier shock and fear gone as I had hoped. Those were only initial emotions, and now I was on to determination.

Ezra watched me for a moment, his nostrils flaring. His lips lifted into a small smile.

Exiting the room, I jerked Antonio's arm, pulling him along with us.

Ezra's eyebrows rose, but he stayed silent.

Thankfully, Antonio did too, allowing me to herd him.

Finally out of earshot of anyone - and probably lost again since I was leading us - my determined gaze met curious golden eyes, and I whispered, "I want my tubes tied." It would have to be performed magically, otherwise I would heal.

Neither men walking with me said a word, but Antonio did take the lead on where we were headed. After a few more twisting turns, Antonio probed quietly, "You sure, Lil?"

I snorted. A f**king stupid question. This one was a no-brainer. If a Com ever did accomplish raping me...well, I didn't want to risk it.

Antonio sighed. "Children are a blessing, no matter what you think of them right now." He tilted my chin up as he stopped our forward movement. "I was blessed with the privilege to help raise you."

My heart softened only a smidge because my mind was set. "I don't want children."

"You say that now, but time changes all."

I shook my head, pulling my chin from his grip. "Will you make it happen, or not?"

His lips thinned, but slowly he nodded. "I'll come for you at midnight." As quickly as he had given me what I wanted, he turned and walked away, an irritated clip to his step.

Ezra was leaning against the wall, his arms crossed, watching me.

"What?" It was a bit snippy.

He shrugged. "Nothing." He pushed off the wall and began strolling in the direction that hopefully our room was in. "I'd do the same thing if I were in your position." His chuckle was slow and deep. "Plus, I hate brats as much as you do."

I sighed, grateful he wasn't pulling a 'youth' speech. "Thank you for earlier."

He nodded once, obviously not going to tease me about my weakness before, and switched topics. "Thirsty?" He glanced at me, letting me know what he meant.

I nodded, famished for blood. "Very."

He jerked his head toward one hallway as he stopped walking. "I think that's the way if you want to head on." He glanced back the way we had come. "I'll," his lips lifted in a roughish grin, "pick up enough drinks for the both of us." Meaning, he would drink twice what he needed so I could drink from him.

My gaze flew to his neck. His pulse beat strongly, a steady rise and fall, just under his mocha skin. I licked my lips. Just the idea of his spicy blood touching my tongue had my fangs extending. My breath caught, and I snapped my mouth shut, glancing left, then right, but luckily the area was still deserted.

Ezra's soft chuckle had my gaze slating to his, and he murmured, "I'll hurry." He started ambling the other way. "Jessica, the Vampire I met earlier this morning - who was so kind as to assist in my search for a TV - offered already, so it shouldn't take long."

I shook my head, snickering. "I'm sure that's all she offered."

Ezra glanced over his shoulder, still wearing a cocky grin. "No more than Finn did you."

My eyebrows puckered. "How are you going to find her again?"

A deep chuckle reverberated inside his chest. "I got the TV from her room."

My blink was sluggish. Sometimes I was a complete idiot. I should have seen that one coming. "Now who's jumping into whose bed?"

He laughed outright, his back muscles flexing as he continued sauntering away.

"Ezra! Don't take too long!" I hollered when he didn't comment. I was thirsty, dammit.

He continued chortling as he turned the corner, and then he was no longer in view.

"Damn man," I muttered under my breath, seriously hoping he didn't decide for a round - possibly his second - with this Jessica woman. Pivoting, I squeaked and jumped straight into the air, thanking God my fangs had retracted during our bout. Landing hard, I stumbled and slammed my shoulder against the unforgiving black wall, utterly startled by the man who had snuck behind me.

Dark brown eyes stared down at me, his mien just as peacefully beautiful as his skin, which was the color of melted chocolate mixed with cream due to his Native American ancestry. Ezra's f**king dad. Watching me make a fool of myself, he placed his hands in the pocket of his black dress pants, only staring, not a word said.

Swallowing hard, I pushed off the wall. Damn if I didn't start babbling. "I'm going to check on Pearl and Jack, since their mates died yesterday." I edged around him when he only cocked his head. "Ezra's going to pick us all up some drinks. We need them after the day we had yesterday." He had heard something like that anyway, spying on us as he must have been. I pointed in the direction Ezra went as I started walking backward. "He went that way, if you're looking for him." Still...he said nothing, so I mumbled, "Well, see ya later." Hopefully not. I turned a corner, getting the hell away from his too intuitive line of sight.

Chapter Five

Standing stunned inside the doorway to our bedroom, I whispered, "Pearl?" Gently shutting the door so I didn't startle her, I crept forward, hands out in the worldwide gesture of I mean you no harm. "Pearl?"

"Hmm?" She stared at the shard of glass in her hand, sitting in the middle of our living room. The furniture had been blown to bits once again during our absence. Apparently she had wanted to fix everything earlier so it would be pretty when she destroyed it again. Not only that, but lying around her cross-legged position on the rug were large chunks of her golden hair, which she had obviously cut off with the sharp piece of glass she now fisted. There was no scent of blood in the air; she was fortunate not to have cut herself. Yet.

To top it off, as if the killing object in her hand and her new hit-or-miss haircut weren't enough, she was glowing so brightly I could barely see the bed. Where Jack lay. Just...watching.

"Okay, okay," I murmured softly, maneuvering through the new debris and slowly lowering to one knee in front of her. "How about you give me that," I held my hand out, "so...I can finish cutting your hair for you." That didn't sound so bad working on the fly.

Pearl seemed to think so, too, as she easily handed over the sharp object, nodding in an almost childlike way and turning so I could finish cutting her hair. With a f**king piece of glass.

Breathing heavily through my nose, I didn't dare move away; there was more glass everywhere for her to reach for if she wanted it. I went to work on her hair. That was how Ezra found us fifteen minutes later when he walked through the door, cheeks flushed from drinking. I didn't stop, just kept concentrating on my work.

When Pearl, with her decently cut hair if I did say so myself, passed out in the middle of fixing the furniture again three hours later, I finally settled on top of Ezra where he sat on the couch - now perfect and clean - and impatiently waited for him to recline, and then sank my fangs into his warm skin, sighing as his hot blood finally spread into my mouth.

Being a Mystical, one would think having your tubes tied wouldn't be such a big deal. Mysticals heal much faster than Commoners. Add in the fact that the more powerful you are, the faster you heal, and I thought it would have been a breeze, even given the fact that the Mage who had done the procedure on me inside the back room of the medical unit of King Cave - while under a spell from Antonio - had to do it alone, without assistance.

It wasn't easygoing afterward.

Nor did I heal as quickly as I had thought. The procedure had to be physically and magically performed so I wouldn't heal afterward. Waking from the process, I couldn't function properly. The pain was not pleasant, so I was now higher than a kite from the cocktail the suddenly confused Mage had given me, who was completely unaware of the procedure he had just performed.

Antonio had to carry me back to my room because I couldn't walk. He kept hushing me as I sang a little ditty while he carried me on the deserted round walkway of the living quarters. The time was who-knows-when; the only sign it was still the dead of night was the quiet surrounding us and the stars shining brightly on the ceiling. Turning a corner, he interrupted my singing and muttered, "The things I do for you."

"Aw," I smacked his cheek lightly, "I love you, too."

He chuckled. "You love everybody right now."

My chuckle matched his. "Not Cahal...Elder Zeller." I shook my head against his shoulder. "He's scary." Thinking about that for a few moments, I slurred, "Antonio, are you one of the," I spread wide my arm that wasn't trapped against him, "many who think Ezra and I are having sex? Is that why you gave us one room?"

Antonio eyed me before lifting his gaze to watch where he was walking. "Do you really want to have this conversation right now?"

I scowled. "We're not having sex." I slashed my hand through the air as he knocked on Ezra's door. "We're just friends."

Golden eyebrows rose.

"We're not," I expounded, turning my head when I saw the door open.

Ezra stood just inside our room, wearing only a pair of black pajama bottoms, which rode low on his hips, and revealing a goodly amount of hard muscled mocha flesh. His hair was still spiked perfectly, as if he hadn't lay down for bed yet.

I blinked, staring at his chest, then his abs, which were a definite eightpack. Who needs six when you can have eight? Turning my head, my cheek smacked Antonio's shoulder, and I whispered, "Although, I won't lie. He's f**king hot." Antonio's chest vibrated against me, and I waved a wobbly hand. "Quit that. I've gotta pee and it's not helping."

"And...that's where you take her, Ezra," Antonio mumbled quickly, holding me away from his body. "I only handle baby-Lily pee, not adult-Lily pee."

Ezra chuckled, but lifted me from Antonio's arms, saying dryly, "Much appreciated."

Blowing a kiss to Antonio once the whirlwind of crossing the threshold was through making my head spin, I whispered whimsically, "I love you, Antonio. I really, really love you!"

He shook his head, a grin gracing his features. "I love you too, Lil." His eyes met Ezra's.

Ezra lifted one bare foot...and kicked the door closed in Antonio's face.

Still being quiet, as Jack and Pearl were sleeping, I drawled deeply, "Now, that wasn't nice."

Ezra hummed, not bothering to answer as he turned and started walking through our room, heading for the bathroom. "Your throne awaits you, oh high one." Spring green eyes met mine. "I'll get you there, but I don't handle adult-Lily pee, either."

I snorted. "I think I can sit on the pot without falling off." Maybe.

Well...I did end up falling, but only after I had done my business and stood too fast. To further my bad circumstance, Ezra had left the door open a crack to be sure I was alright, since the room was spelled to stop any noise traveling outside the bathroom. On the fortunate flip side, I managed to get my undies up before Ezra burst through the door, having heard me smack onto the black floor where no rug lay. He did have to flush the toilet though, since I hadn't gotten to that yet. I had only peed, otherwise I might have been mortified.

Best friend or not, shit was still shit.

Ezra chuckled, carrying me to bed. "Yes, shit is still shit."

"I said that aloud?"

"Mmm-hmm," he murmured, laying me on the edge of the bed before climbing over carefully and lying between me and Jack. Pearl was on the far side. He covered us with the fur blanket, resting his head next to mine as I tilted my head to face him. A slow, shit-eating grin began spreading across his features. Speaking of cockiness. And sex. "So you think I'm," he paused, bringing his face an inch closer, "fucking hot."

My eyebrows rose. "Try not to get a big head over it." Turning slowly, my body aching in bad places, I rested a hand against his bare chest. I watched my hand progress as I leisurely slid it lower, gliding my fingers over one of his pecs. Feeling him still, his muscles automatically hardening, my fingers gradually bumped over the ridges of his abdominal muscles until I hit the waistline of his pajama bottoms. Stopping my hand's movement, I peeked up from under my lashes and imitated the smile he had graced me with moments before. His face was blank as he stared at me from under hooded lids, and, knowing I had shocked him quiet, I whispered, "An eightpack, Ezra? Really? You couldn't just go for the normal six?"

His lips slowly twitched. "As a gentleman, I think you should sleep off the drugs in your system." Again, his wide, full lips curved wickedly. "Unless you plan to move your hand lower, then I might forget I'm acting the gentleman because, really, I'm not all that gentlemanly."

I blinked, hardly hearing his cocky words since they were nothing new. Instead I stared at his mouth. Really, for the first time ever, I think I might have been seeing his lips for how deliciously lush they appeared. The bottom lip was full, absolutely bitable, as if it had been formed just for the purpose to nibble on. The upper lip was not quite as full, but with plenty of shape to trace with the tip of your tongue...leisurely...to hear him moan for harder contact.

And...it was Ezra's mouth, my best friend's lips, I was eyeing.

Breath catching, I snatched my hand back.

He had gone still once more.

I didn't want to risk a glance into his eyes, having no clue what expression I had been wearing seconds ago. Even if it was now perfectly blank. "Sleep sounds about right." My damned eyes unconsciously dipped to his mouth again, and I jerked my head to the side and rolled the other way, deciding the ache of the movement was worth the feat. Until he rested against my back, placing a gentle warm hand on my hip...and pressing his massive erection against my ass. It was my turn to quiet, my body going predatory still as my heart jump-started into a wild gallop.

In a deliberate dominant action, he bent his head over mine, placing his lips against my ear. "Look at me like that again, sweetheart, and I can't promise I'll remain a gentleman any longer, friendship pact be damned." He pressed his hard c**k more firmly against me. "Don't tempt me." A definite promise laced his seductive tone.

Shock and confusion, not only at his actions but also at myself, may have been waging a battle inside me and making my palms sweat, but I couldn't stop my arousal. The same arousal that had made a brief appearance while I gazed at his lavish mouth now flooded through my system at his dictating tactic and the feel of his impressive erection against me. I heard his deep inhale. I felt the heat of his lips hovering over the shell of my ear. All of his muscles flexed and his hand on my hip tightened. I stayed perfectly frozen, knowing he was most definitely scenting my arousal, just as I could scent his body's reaction to me.

He was wholly turned on.

As was I.

A soft growl, made of pure Vampire, flared from his chest, purring against my ear as his chest vibrated against my tense back. Softly, he whispered, "You're so f**king lucky it's me in this bed with you." He inhaled deeply, intentionally, as if he were savoring the scent. Only in slow increments did he exhale, his chest lowering with the motion and his muscles relaxing...but his erection in no way diminished. "Go to sleep, sweetheart."

An hour later as I still lay with my eyes wide open, I decided Antonio had been right. I was unable to sleep and unable to figure out if Ezra had found slumber yet. My body had in no way relaxed, my muscles tight enough to bother my healing incision. With the lovely bonus of still being aroused. Antonio had said I loved everyone right now. Apparently, I loved everyone on this drugged cocktail...plus I needed to get laid. It had been too long. Moreover, Ezra and I always seemed to get ourselves into trouble when sleeping in the same bed.

If I was feeling better tomorrow, I was going to hunt down Finn. I wasn't about to risk my relationship with Ezra. Our friendship meant too much.

The next day, I found Finn. Spent half the day inside his room where the both of us used up a lot of sexual tension on each other; seemingly, it had been just as long for him since his last bed partner. He knew the score and didn't ask for anything other than mind-numbing pleasure. Which he did graciously.

Rubbing against his fabulous body once more, I rolled from his bed, it now a mess from our foreplay, and started dressing. I had been in here too long and needed to get back to Pearl and Jack, Ezra having taken duty watching them. This morning Ezra had acted as if nothing was different, so I was praying last night was a one-time occurrence of insanity for the two of us. When he had asked where I was heading I had told the truth, and he hadn't batted an eye, so hopefully all of the weirdness had dissipated.

"Feel free to hunt me down anytime you like," Finn murmured, also rising out of bed, blessedly naked, and picking up a towel hanging over a chair. He had used the word hunt, which was pretty much spot-on. I had most definitely been ruthless this morning trying to find him.

Zipping my jeans, I hurried with my bra and picked up my t-shirt, yanking it over my head. "I think I'll do just that." Finn had pleased me in bed, and I was sure the feeling was mutual because he grinned, tying the towel around his waist. Staring at his action as I put my boots on, I asked, "Modest?" He definitely hadn't been for the past few hours.

He chuckled, walking toward his front door. "No. I'm heading to the pools. The other Mysticals seem to frown upon nudity when going to and from there."

"Ah." I had passed the pools earlier in my hunt inside King Cave; in certain pools clothing was optional since they resembled spas: heated for relaxing. "Enjoy yourself."

He chuckled, opening the door for me. "I already did." He nuzzled my neck as I passed, and I scented his animal - black bear - once more, meaning he had shifted recently, his voice rumbling with said animal's tone. "Remember, all you have to do is knock."

Grinning cheekily, I nodded and stepped onto the main walkway. "Not forgetting."

"Lily!" King Kincaid's abrupt call broke the moment, his tone pleasantly surprised. He was a few feet to my right, strolling up the walkway with King Venclaire - my biological dad - Antonio, Vivian, and Cahal. His gaze skittered from me to Finn. His dark brows rose in a hurry. Quickly assessing our disheveled state, he lifted his lips into the biggest damn grin.

Ugh. At least he wouldn't be hounding me to have sex with a Shifter anymore. His mind had been set on thinking Ezra and I were doing the deed, and he wanted our 'affair' to end. Sex between different Mys factions was a major taboo, especially in the light of the new information of Beasts coming from hybrids.

King Kincaid stopped next to Finn and me, his dark eyes darting inside the room.

Finn quickly shut the door behind him, thankfully being guarded since his bed was in full view. It still did nothing to help my growing embarrassment as I now saw, with the help of the ceiling's sunlight, the healing bruises I had put on him...and maybe a few bite marks...which the entire group was now staring at, since Finn wore the towel only around his waist. I had a few of my own: a large bite on my neck, which by now probably appeared more like a hickey, and the rest covered by my clothing. To the Vampires, who were careful to keep a blank face, it probably seemed a bit harsh, but it was the way of a Shifter pair's first mating.

My damn King was still grinning like it was his birthday, while holding out his hand in greeting. "I'm King Kincaid. And you are?"

Finn met King Kincaid's eyes, showing his alpha, and shook hands. "Finn Galvani."

King Kincaid did as I had done many times before: he didn't look away from anyone's dominant gaze, the battle of alpha wills on. "You've met Lily, then." Not really a question, but stated as he took his hand back, letting them dangle relaxed at his sides, even as his nostrils flared. His grin was now brighter than the sun above us.

Finn's lips tilted just a bit. "Yes." He didn't elaborate.

Feeling all kinds of uncomfortable, I rolled my shoulders, trying to ignore how my biological dad, Ezra's dad, Ezra's mom, and my real dad kept glancing between Finn and me. In a rush to end this, I interrupted Finn and King Kincaid's staring match, asking, "Weren't you going to the pools?" They both turned from one another, the perfect opportunity given to end the battle. I jerked my head down the ramp, giving Finn an out. "You said you were heading there."

Finn grinned fully at my obvious antics. "I believe I was." Taking the offer, he dipped his head respectfully to the Kings and Elders before moving down the walkway, saying over his shoulder to King Kincaid, "It was a pleasure meeting you."

"Indeed." King Kincaid nodded, his hands now on his hips. His gaze swung to me as I began creeping away in the opposite direction. "Lily, would you like to eat with us?"

I stopped, peering at him over my shoulder. "I was going to check on Pearl and Jack. See how they're doing." Truth.

"Ah, very kind of you." He started moving toward me up the incline, the rest of the group now following quietly. "I'll walk with you until your exit."

Barely withholding my sigh, I nodded, and then walked with them.

"Black bear, huh?" King Kincaid had made it a full minute before interrupting the beautiful silence. Still grinning. "He's probably the strongest alpha I've seen yet, outside the Rulers." He smacked my back. "Nice pick."

Again, I barely withheld my sigh. He wasn't exactly talking quietly, which meant anyone within earshot could hear him, not to mention the Vampires behind us, who were speaking quietly with Antonio even though I could feel their gazes hot on my back. "I do my best."

King Kincaid chuckled. "Are you going to see him again?"

My lips pursed, frustration beginning to mount. "Yes." A quick glance at him through narrowed eyes. "Would you also like to know how large his c**k is?"

He waved a hand, and, in true King fashion, his retort was meant to gain the upper hand after my coarseness. "That's not necessary, Prodigy. Black bears are notoriously large from what I understand."

I cracked my neck, some of my sated high falling away with this conversation. Turning my face from him before he could ask me exactly what day I planned to see Finn again, I watched the Mysticals traveling round the circular living quarter's walkway. We were mid-level currently, so we had quite a few more rounds to go before my exit. So I watched others, and eventually felt a semblance of peace return when King Kincaid kept quiet.

Until two more rounds up where a sight caught my eye. I knew it was Ezra, even if all I saw was his back. He was stepping backward outside a door. He had on only a pair of jeans, and what appeared to be his t-shirt dangled from one of his hands as a red- and black-haired beauty of a Vampire followed him outside the room, wrapping her arms around his neck. I couldn't hear her from here, but her head tilted back as she laughed from something Ezra must have said. His own arms slid around her waist, pulling her flush against him, his biceps bulging with the action.

My feet faltered, but Antonio accidently bumped into me from behind at my abrupt stop, shoving my thoughts into gear. I quickly pedaled into motion, glancing at King Kincaid to see if he had caught me watching Ezra. He was still grinning, his gaze forward, so I peeked back over, a bit of anger beginning to flare inside my gut. Ezra was supposed to be with Jack and Pearl. Not...I blinked...sticking his tongue down a Vampire floozy's throat.

My fists clenched, and I quickly stuck them into my pockets and began regulating my breathing and heartbeat so none of the Vampires talking behind me would notice. Especially since, as we rounded the area and grew nearer to where they were, Ezra's lips were still glued to the beauty's. He was obviously leaving her place, done having his fun, so it seemed he was giving her one hell of a goodbye kiss, the woman appearing damn near ready to faint.

I checked my anger, since I didn't want the Vamps scenting it, and rolled my shoulders just as Vivian mumbled from behind me, "Isn't that..." She was quiet for an extended moment, and then she stated heatedly, "Dear, you are going to have a talk with your son about circumspection."

It sounded like Cahal chuckled quietly.

"Cahal," Vivian grumbled in a warning tone.

"Let him have his fun," Cahal murmured softly. "He's only young once."

Vivian sniffed, but didn't argue that point.

I, on the other hand, stopped eavesdropping and plastered a blank expression on my face when King Kincaid glanced my way. His damn grin was still in place. He stated, "It looks like King Cave is treating our Prodigies well."

Respectfully, I managed a decent nod.

Almost as before, except that this time it was with Ezra and his King, King Venclaire stepped forward, brushing passed King Kincaid and me, and called loudly, "Ezra!"

Ezra's head snapped back from the woman, who blinked open slow lids, as his attention swung in our direction. His lips were swollen, his cheeks flushed, and his spikes mussed. He even had a few red marks on his arms and back where she had obviously dug her nails in. His gaze probably appeared much as mine had earlier as he caught sight of King Venclaire: his eyes widening marginally, and a look of barely masked frustration beginning to harden his jaw. It was only then that he seemed to notice everyone else behind his King, his spring green gaze swinging to each person.

Ezra wasn't doing a fabulous job hiding his emotions. King Kincaid got contempt mixed with respect. Antonio received watchfulness. His mom, embarrassment. His dad, acquiescence. A passer-by moved directly in front of me a second later, and Ezra didn't notice me.

"King Venclaire," I heard him murmur evenly as I moved from behind another individual walking in front of me. That's when Ezra saw me. His gaze stilled for a moment, his eyes darting back and forth between mine and his nostrils flaring, before he turned his attention back to his King. "Is there something you need?"

King Venclaire rocked back on his heels, placing his hand in his pant pockets. "Since we're heading to lunch, and you appear to be almost free, we thought you might join us."

I watched, my anger slowly building again - which I could hardly keep banked and appear peaceful at the same time - as Ezra extracted himself from the woman with the remarkable dark eyes. He yanked his shirt over his head when the woman appeared steady on her feet, then...good God...began zipping his f**king jeans and fixing his belt. Nostrils flaring, I glanced away and stared across the cave's abyss, more than pissed. He had let me down. Even if he needed to let off sexual tension, he could have f**king waited until I came back to watch over Jack and Pearl.

Not to mention, the damn woman. My nose crinkled. Her scent was cloying, and it was mixed with him. The two scents didn't mingle together well. I wiggled my nose, then rubbed it as my wrath bubbled. Pretty sure I was interrupting them - and not giving a shit - I stated, "I've got to go." I glanced at Ezra from under my lids as everyone went mute. "Jack and Pearl might need something."

Ezra's lips only lifted at my covert, cross glance. "Their parents hijacked them."

My foot literally stopped in midair as I froze. "Oh." Said foot lowered to the ground, but bizarrely my temper didn't lower any. Turning to everyone who was staring, I tried to push the attention from myself, asking Ezra, "Who's your friend?" Honestly, I was a little curious. I had never seen him kiss a woman like he had been doing her. Normally, he immediately left them after f**king them, not lingering as he had been doing.

Adjusting his belt so it was straight, he stated absently, "This is Jessica."

I blinked, my attention swinging to the woman, her own natural scent bugging the hell out of me. My gaze roamed over her, taking in her disheveled appearance, which did nothing to distract from how gorgeous she was: her large dark eyes, her skin tone close to Ezra's, her plump lips swollen like his, her cheeks still flushed, the fitted navy silk robe she wore that accentuated her large, full br**sts and perfectly shaped hips. One of her long, shapely legs was showing through the slit of her robe while she rested against her doorframe. My gaze went beyond her into her room, where candles were lit and her bed, like Finn's, in perfect view, the red satin sheets rumpled, not torn to bits as ours had been. Unlike Finn, she didn't shut the door to hide the evidence of their time together. My gaze met hers, and I already knew what I would see there: confidence that she had screwed him and screwed him well.

I wasn't wrong.

I sniffed, turning my attention to Ezra's green gaze, keeping my voice cool. "Same woman as yesterday." My eyes flitted to the healing marks I could still see on his arms that peeked out from beneath his shirt's sleeves. "Impressive."

I felt satisfaction seeing Jessica bristle next to him.

"Yes, it was," Ezra murmured, cocking his head.

Scenting the air without making a production of it told me he was telling truth. "Good for you." I couldn't have meant it less at that moment. Rolling my shoulders, I turned and brushed past King Venclaire. "I'm going for a run if Jack and Pearl are fine."

"What?" Ezra drawled lazily from behind me. "Finn didn't wear you out?"

I flipped him off over my shoulder, not even bothering to glance back.

"Really f**king mature, sweetheart," Ezra called loudly after me, his voice rising the farther I moved away. "Maybe one day you'll learn to count past one on your hands."

I pivoted, walking backward. "Look at that," I yelled, throwing up both middle fingers, staring at them in mock shock, and then glaring at him. "I can count to two."

His cheeks flushed in irritation, just as I knew they would. "I didn't realize you turned into a bitch after a bad lay!"

I snorted and shouted, "That's f**king priceless coming from the man who puts gigolos to shame and wouldn't know a bad lay if his c**k was buried balls deep in it." Getting a great view of his infuriated expression, I turned on my heel and continued to march away.

"Lily!" he bellowed. "Get back here, goddamn it!"

By now, everyone was mute and watching the scene unfold.

I continued marching at a fast clip, perverse righteous anger making my eyes glow.

"We are not done with this conversation!" Ezra roared, sounding like he was about ready to pop a blood vessel, he was so livid. "Lily, I know you can hear me!"

"All I hear is the gibbering of a pompous ass**le," I screamed over my shoulder.

We had definitely caught not only this level's attention, but also the few floors above and below, everyone peering over the railings to see who was making the racket.

Wonderful.

My eyes still glowed as my gaze shot to him across the expanse, keeping my pace forward, now having rapidly made it across from him. His eyes were glowing too, and he appeared so pissed he wanted to pummel me. I grinned, more of a baring of teeth, and waggled my fingers in goodbye when I saw his own teeth bare, before taking off at a light jog, more than ready to strip down and race through the forested area. I wasn't really surprised when everyone moved out of my way, even those on the upper floors, who hadn't heard our argument.

Chapter Six

"Let me down!" I punched on Antonio's back, my head spinning.

Antonio slapped my rear end. Hard. I jerked at the contact where I lay like a sack of potatoes over his shoulder. He shouted, "Shut up! Or I swear, I'm going to bend you over my leg and properly spank your ass like you deserve!"

Ezra wobbled drunkenly behind us. "God, I would," a large hiccup, "love to see that."

King Venclaire smacked the back of Ezra's head. "I told you to shut up, too."

I grinned, even as the passing black wall spun.

It had been one week since our first meltdown. We'd had many since then, some of them pretty damn epic and probably going down in a King Cave book somewhere, but tonight's had... "Okay! Let me down," I slurred. "We went too far. I'm sorry."

King Venclaire snorted, dragging Ezra, who had stopped and wavered, and then started moving again. "Too far? Yes, I would say so. You two started a damn brawl in the only bar inside King Cave. Everything is smashed and broken."

Ezra lifted a finger while I blinked blurry eyes, having to tilt my head to see him. "Not the far pool table." His sloppy grin was unrepentant. "It may be a little off-tilt. Two women were dancing on it for me, but it's not broken."

I snorted. "You mean the two sluts you f**ked earlier in the bar's bathroom?"

Ezra growled. It was Vampire. "Better than you f**king Finn in the bar's supply closet."

Pointing an instant, furious finger, I hissed, "No one went in there! It had a lock on the door, unlike the bathroom where everyone went in and out to use the only other stall! The whole bar was telling stories of what they could hear going on!"

"Shut up!" Antonio yelled at the top of his lungs. He shook me on his shoulder so fiercely I had to slap a hand over my mouth to keep the alcohol down, which was trying to reappear. "I lied, Lil! Children f**king suck."

"You know," Ezra murmured as if he hadn't heard Antonio, his blinking eyes turning toward King Venclaire. "We didn't technically start the fight. Lily and I never once touched each other with harmful intent." Innocent eyes. "Everyone else started throwing punches." He smiled and patted the back of my head. "I even saved her from being impaled by a flying bar stool."

"I ducked," I muttered.

Instant. "With my assistance."

"You tripped into me," I stated heatedly. "I saved your ass by pulling you down."

"That was the second bar stool," Ezra griped, trying to bend to peer into my eyes, but was yanked up by King Venclaire. "I was talking about the first one."

"There was only one bar stool, you idiot," I muttered. "Now you're imagining things."

"No, you just don't remember because you didn't actually see it." His resulting grin was ridiculously smug. "I'm that good."

I peered at King Venclaire. "Will you smack him again, please?"

"Only if he speaks." King Venclaire's features were of mixed amusement and irritation.

Alright. I glanced at Ezra. "Man-whore."

"Bitch," Ezra grumbled.

King Venclaire slapped Ezra upside his head.

I grinned lazily. "Thank you." I patted Antonio's back. "I want a different room."

"No," Antonio stated promptly. "Work out your issues. Quit running from them."

"We're not running from them," I slurred, letting my head hang in defeat. "We're yelling and drinking them away." In the past week I had figured out what my issue was, and I didn't want to confront it.

"Lots of yelling," King Venclaire muttered. "Lots of drinking."

Ezra chuckled, and I saw his feet wobble from side-to-side before moving straight. "We fight pretty well together."

"Yes, you've entertained many this week," Antonio grumbled dryly. "You should be proud of the fact your future subjects have gotten a firsthand look at the Prodigies losing it."

Shame filled me knowing I was behaving like a child. Frustration ran through me like toxic waste because I didn't know what to do. Add in my alcohol consumption tonight and, well, I started bawling. Giant, hot tears blinded me and sobs started racking my frame. I hated fighting with Ezra. I detested feeling this way, everything jumbled and screwed up. I was so confused it was becoming debilitating.

"Hey!" Ezra roared. "She's crying!"

I heard a grunt, and then a thud, while I let out all my emotions flowing through my wretched tears. Only a beat later, strong hands were ripping me away from Antonio in a blur, even as I heard another thud. Then Ezra's bloodshot eyes were staring down at me, his protective warm arms wrapped around me tight, holding me close. Worry etched his tone, his eyes darting back and forth between mine. "Did he hurt you?"

I sobbed and shook my head, the action making his face waver for a moment.

Ezra's nostrils flared and his eyebrows slanted together until his attention slammed over my head. His predator growled. "Stay the f**k back." He wobbled and blinked, still holding me close, and then slipped his hand away from my waist to bend and tuck it under my legs. He lifted me in a blur.

We were flying.

It truly felt as such while Ezra used his Vampire speed, running so fast I wouldn't be able to track him. Less than ten seconds later, he thumped against the wall directly next to his door, having evaded Antonio and King Venclaire, wherever they were now. Although, getting inside our room took longer than the trek there did. He couldn't easily get the key out of his pocket while holding me, and since I was still clinging to him while I wept, he wasn't putting me down.

When we finally got inside, I cried as quietly as I could, since Jack and Pearl were asleep. Earlier, Ezra and I had left them after making sure they were out. Tucking them into bed had become part of our normal nightly activities - recently alongside drinking and arguing - after taking care of them.

Ezra didn't take us to the bed, instead placing me on the black couch and smashing me against the back of it when he lay down, too. It felt right, him keeping me warm and safe as I wrecked his shirt with my tears and grasping fists. He didn't say anything - he was never one for words when I cried - only running his fingers through my hair, keeping me close. We fell asleep that way, curled around one another as we had done before everything had shifted.

The morning started out oddly.

Ezra and I were woken by Pearl and Jack...taking showers and getting ready...to actually leave our bedroom without being forced by their parents. Silently, we watched them while they - also silently - moved woodenly throughout our room. But they actually moved without the intent to throw or blow something up. Neither one of us wanting to disturb this new development, we didn't move or speak, only watched, still wrapped in each other's arms, keeping the other warm. Then...they left the room about three minutes apart from each other.

We stared at the door. Both still mute. Hopeful, but worried.

Ezra and I continued waiting.

Watching the door for them to storm back inside, unable to handle the populace.

Five minutes turned into ten.

Ten turned into twenty.

Once forty-five minutes rolled around, and Jack and Pearl didn't show, it was pretty obvious they weren't immediately running back here.

More than a bit of relief filled me with the thought.

Ezra was the first to break our mold, turning his face toward me.

Gently, he murmured, "Are you ready to talk about what happened last night?"

My lips pursed, and I shook my head.

He was quiet, his watchful eyes on me. His thumb brushed lightly over the curve of my jaw, making my jaw clench. He whispered, "Are you sure?" I couldn't move or speak if my life depended on it right now. Sighing softly when I didn't respond, he stated, "No matter what, I love you, sweetheart. Nothing will change that."

My eyes darted between his, searching his open green gaze for the truth, since I didn't dare breathe for fear I might start blabbering. Or worse yet, cry again. His gaze seemed to speak of honesty, but still my lids hooded instantly as I peered away. I wasn't ready to speak about my issues. But it didn't mean we couldn't talk about his. "Why have you-"

Cutting me off, he placed a quick finger against my lips. "Don't expect me to dish out the goods when you're hoarding your own." He pushed off the couch and stalked toward the bathroom, leaving me feeling cold and empty, and my stomach churning. "That's not the way we work." He disappeared around the corner, only to reappear a moment later, one of his black towels and his bathing suit in hands. Gruffly, he muttered, "I'm going to the pools." The door slamming closed was his goodbye.

Like a girl, not like a Prodigy-almost-Queen, I lay on the couch and cried quietly.

Uncertain of what I wanted to say to Ezra, but knowing something needed to be said, I showered quickly, put on a black bikini courtesy of the enchanted mirror, grabbed my Snoopy towel from the linen closet, and set out for the pools. The cave's floor was chilly under my feet, which meant it was pretty cold down here since Mysticals can handle cold climates better than Commoners. As I trekked toward Ezra, butterflies fluttered incessantly inside my stomach. I actually stopped three times, debating turning around, before setting my feet back into motion.

He had said he would love me no matter what my issues were. I trusted that. My hold up was that silence, or even aggression, was so much easier than speaking the truth when the stakes were high for wrecking perfection.

But our relationship wasn't perfect anymore, and here I stood, scanning the inside of the foremost pool area. It was pretty packed. Mysticals had clambered to be here at King Cave once the Mages' spelled messages had reached them, praying for safety when the world outside hadn't become any kinder toward Mysticals, only worse. Ezra wasn't in the main room, but I saw the Kings in one corner; apparently this was today's meeting place for whatever they were discussing. Worse yet, when they took notice of me, I also knew they were speaking about me, their eyes startled, then blank.

Perfect. Not what I needed right now.

After moving past them quickly and skirting where the crystal blue water met the sloping black floor, dodging various Mysticals of different factions all laughing and enjoying themselves in our sanctuary, I took the right entrance to the back hallways, heading for the adult pools. There were three, varying in temperature.

He wasn't in any of them.

Sighing, I turned around and headed toward the spa-like area, but had to again pass by the Kings at the massive opening to the main pool. Keeping my head down, I wove through the white plastic chairs and took the left entrance, the middle one leading only to the brat section. In this segment were a variety of small areas with spelled hot tubs including a few alcoves that housed many tubs, while others for privacy had only one, and sauna rooms, those areas having doors with tiny windows.

I checked those first and saw numerous Mysticals using the rooms to do - ahem - a selection of different activities, but I still didn't see Ezra. Moving from opening to opening, I began checking the hot tubs, again seeing a variety of happenings occurring. At the last room, beginning to lose hope in finding him, I stepped into the entrance, squinting through the steam.

Stopped dead.

The room was tiny. It held just one hot tub. It had merely one gold spark of light, allowing for intimacy or relaxation. It also had only one occupant.

Ezra.

He wasn't in the tub.

Nor did he have on a stitch of clothing.

I had never seen him naked before. Vampires were private. Even more so than me.

My heart rate instantly doubled as my eyes scanned everywhere they could at once, my gaze definitely not one of a best friend. His back was turned to me, so I couldn't see his face, but I knew it was him. He must have just exited the tub because water glistened all over his body. His black and red hair was wet, not spiked as usual and appearing darker in the dim lighting. His shoulder and back muscles worked under his gleaming mocha skin as he dried his left arm with his towel. His muscles were defined, running down either side of his spine, his waist tapering in with not an ounce of fat to be seen.

And then there was his ass.

I know my jaw slacked as I stared at what had to be the most perfect backside.

My goodness, God has truly blessed this Vampire.

All I wanted to do was take each of those mocha globes - with plenty of muscle definition, but not flat like some men's - and squeeze hard before sinking my teeth into each one. Then repeat. A couple of times. His legs were built well, too, long with toned muscles, but...yeah, my eyes weren't moving from his ass. Time kind of lost meaning for a while until Ezra began drying his stomach.

Not even glancing back, he muttered, "If you're done staring, I would appreciate it if you would get the f**k out."

My whole body jolted and my hammering heart actually stuttered, then thumped back into the wild gallop. The lust that had consumed me was still very much alive within my scattered wits, but there was also plenty of room for panic. Breath hitching, my muddled thoughts screaming run, I lurched out of the entrance before he could see me, quickly putting my feet into motion. Away from temptation, away from him knowing that I wanted him so badly that it had caused me to act out against him to hide my true feelings.

My eyes instantly glowed, providing better illumination to get the hell out of there as fast as I could. Speeding past rooms with steam billowing out into the hallway, swirls of vapor my dust, I flew into the main pool area. My gaze darting for the fastest possible exit, I heard Antonio's voice to my left. "Lily, come here for a moment."

No time for that. Run!

I put my feet in motion again, haphazardly moving through the crowd, which seemed to have only grown. Peering in Antonio's direction, I saw him physically jerk. "Maybe later, Antonio." He was sitting with the Kings and Cahal, along with an air Elemental and Shifter, both of whom I didn't recognize. Blinking, I realized my eyes were still glowing, but I couldn't seem to stop them, so I only shook my head. "I've got a thing I have to do." Like, f**king run!

Something hard smacked into my legs. Grunting at the pain, I jerked my attention around even as I started falling. I felt warmth under me, which was the Elemental sitting on the chair I had jogged straight into, my body toppling straight over him and flying side-over-side before my face, and front, had smacked against the cold, hard floor.

Everyone around me blinked. Stared. Unnatural silence surrounded me.

I didn't care, my gaze flying to the hallway I had exited, making sure Ezra hadn't come out yet. He hadn't. Quickly, I started to lift myself from the unforgiving ground.

Antonio asked into the quiet, "Lil, what are you doing?"

As I stalled in a push-up position, my glowing gaze found his intent golden one. "What you taught me to do." I shoved myself up and, not giving a shit, started racing through the Mysticals, who were beginning to resume their conversations. My mind screamed at me to run faster, but I couldn't. I wouldn't risk someone seeing I was too fast for a Shifter.

It seemed like it took forever getting to our room, but as soon as I was inside I didn't know what to do with myself. I paced for a few minutes, running my hands through my hair. Jumped for a minute or two. Then gave up, flopping back on the bed and tossing an arm over my eyes. I had no clue what to do about Ezra, but I was grateful he hadn't caught me.

We were best friends. We had a damn pact, exclusively for no funny business. Sex inevitably wrecked things. In the end, one person always felt like they got gypped some way or another. At least, it had always been that way for me and my sexual partners after Dominic. Someone always got hurt, the end result never pleasant even if the going was.

I didn't want to wreck anything with Ezra. Our friendship. But my body was traitorous, my mind constantly bringing me back to his lips and his erection. And now, there was the image of his damn perfect ass to contend with. Lying on this bed wasn't helping either, since his scent was all over it. I groaned. "Dammit."

The door opened and closed, and I froze on the bed. "Pearl? Jack?" Please, God.

"No, it's me," Ezra's deep rumble rolled through the room. "Going to the pools?"

"Huh?" I tried to think peaceful thoughts - a tree with fat leaves in the middle of summer and a cool breeze - attempting to regulate my heartbeat and libido. Keeping my arm firmly crooked over my eyes so I couldn't see him, and remembering I was wearing my bathing suit, I mumbled, "Oh, yeah. I was thinking about it."

Ezra hummed in his throat, and it sounded more like a growl than being thoughtful. And far too close.

I felt the bed dip. His heat, always so damn warm, instantly washed over me as he lay down beside me. Holding my breath, wishing he would just go away so I could recuperate, he shifted even closer. My entire being froze at feeling his hot lips against my ear.

He whispered, "You may need your towel." A thump landed directly next to my hip.

Unable to move, my mind flew through my time at the pool. The breath inside my chest stalled. My heart fluttered as I realized I definitely had my towel as I had searched for him, but I couldn't remember having it during my dash from the room. I hadn't even realized I'd dropped it, my mind having gone straight to my lust for him at seeing his gorgeous body on display.

"So...," Ezra whispered softly, even as I felt the tip of his finger begin to draw slow circles around my exposed belly button. "Did you like what you saw?"

Stomach jerking at the contact, I gritted my teeth, trying to push through my need to roll into him. Keeping my breathing shallow, I stayed quiet, unsure what to say that would be safe territory.

"I think you did," Ezra murmured into the silence. "Your heart earlier was beating just as rapidly as it is now." I tried to slow it, but it was no use, his fingertip making one last loop before twirling little by little, his touch like soft velvet, up my stomach, and eventually dragging over the tiny centerpiece of my bikini's top. Exhaling sharply on a shaky breath, I shuddered as his hot finger glided between my br**sts, brushing my cle**age. "You left the most pleasant aroma in your wake." His voice was pure growl. "Not quite as heady as what you're exuding now, since it was faint, vanishing as you did." His finger disappeared when it reached my throat, but his hand was soon gripping my wrist and pulling my arm away from my eyes.

A tiny whimper made its way past my lips. This was bad. Scenting the air had told me he was as turned on as me. I wasn't sure I could fight this, but it was something that shouldn't happen.

He placed my arm over my head, running his fingers down the sensitive underside even as I felt him shift, the sunlight from the ceiling once again blocked.

Inhaling heavily, I opened my eyes. His face was directly over mine. Close. Our noses were almost brushing, his green eyes hooded. "Ezra, we can't do this." My voice was husky, and I didn't bother hiding it since he now knew I wanted him.

"Hmm," he murmured, his face lowering in slow increments. "Sweetheart, I told you not to tempt me again." His breath fanned over my lips, and I wanted to lift for the real deal instead of this ghost kiss. "You knew the consequences."

Yes, he had made that blatantly clear, but... "Maybe it's just us being in bed together. We've never done well with that."

His lips curved, his nose brushing mine. "It's not the bed."

Eyebrows puckering, I pushed further back into the pillow. "You mean you've wanted to have sex with me before, when we weren't lying in bed?" My gaze darted like rapid fire, searching his gaze. I scented the air slowly, waiting for his response.

He actually chuckled. "Yes, sweetheart. Plenty of times. I'm just smart enough not to leave evidence behind." Truth to all. His lips hovered over mine, and his gaze lifted, staring me in the eyes. "I've always found you attractive, even when we first met and I thought you were a Com. But you were mated, then grieving, and then we had our pact." He cocked his head. "I think I stopped giving a damn about our pact around the time finals were over and we started training with the Kings, but you weren't on the same page as me. You never once looked at me the way you did a week ago. Hell, you never even said you liked my body until a week ago."

Truth. Holy shit.

"So, there you have it," he murmured softly. "Now you know my little secret. I want to have sex with one of my best friends. A best friend who's of a different Mys faction." His eyes held mine and never left. "That's why I've been such a prick this past week. I thought you were finally noticing me, maybe actually wanting me sexually. It frustrated me," he paused, "alright, it pissed me off when you didn't."

Staring like an idiot because he was telling the truth, I started babbling, "I've been a bitch this whole week because I wanted to have sex with you. It came out as anger instead."

Ezra blinked, and I could see him running this past week's scenarios through his mind, just as I was evaluating his own prior actions. His head cocked, and his gaze ran over my face, stalling at my lips for a lengthy amount of time before peering into my eyes. "You're scared."

Therein lay the problem behind it all. Of course I was. But that wasn't something I would freely admit. Pride was a mega damn hurdle most of the time. This was a perfect example of that. I kept my mouth shut.

"Ah," he whispered, his fingers threading through my hair as he held the back of my head. Trapping me. "I understand that. I was afraid it would mess our friendship up, too." He rested his forehead against mine, his eyes unblinking. "We're both adults. We've been mated before, lost our mates, had sexual partners afterward. I think we can handle this."

"I don't want to screw us up," I said softly, shaking my head inside his hold. "I love you too damn much to lose you."

"I feel the same, sweetheart. That's why I think we can handle it." His nose brushed back and forth against mine, the softest touch. "We won't let anything stand in the way of each other."

I bit my lip, gnawing on it. "What if something changes? What if one of us wants to end it before the other does? Or gets jealous?" There were so many variables.

"We'll deal with any problem that arises then," he spoke smoothly, his fingers gently massaging the back of my head. "We have both been through an ample amount of sexual partners to know that something inevitably comes up, but we've never cared enough about those individuals to try to work through an issue." He shrugged. "We'll work through any issue because we do love each other."

I felt my resolve melt away in a wild rush. No easy, subtle trickle as I heard and scented the truth in his words. Which meant I hadn't really wanted to say no in the first place. I wanted him that damn badly. I knew this now. My greedy body had apparently known this before me, only it had taken my mind a bit longer to catch up. The last of my resistance was gone when I gained him as a sexual partner for however brief it may be. Inhaling heavily, breathing in his scent, I murmured, "Alright."

He stilled above me, his fingers frozen through my hair. The barest whisper. "Alright?"

"Yes, Ezra." My lips curved little by little with my ravenous gaze roaming his face, finding many locations where I wanted to place my lips. To taste him on a different level. "I want to have sex with you. Lots of it." My grin increased as the breath rushed out of him, spilling over my cheeks. "Think you can handle that?"

Ezra's eyes instantly flared with heat. Intense. Potent.

My breath hitched at seeing just how much he had been holding back, his gaze hot enough to make the kindling heat low in my stomach blaze. A growl erupted from deep inside his chest, his predator taking voice. I shivered at the promise there, but I hurriedly stated, "Wait. One other thing." It was like I pressed pause, his body becoming motionless. Only his eyes scorching mine let me know I needed to hurry the hell up and say what I needed to. "No drinking during sex."

His eyes widened. "You're making a mistake there."

"Mind holds are not appealing to me in the heat of the moment." My eyes didn't waver from his, showing him I meant business. "I'm serious. I don't want it."

Ezra's nostrils flared, and his jaw clenched, but he finally nodded. "If it's a deal-breaker, then fine." Deliberately moving slowly, he lowered his mouth teasingly, his lips hovering directly over mine. The warmth of his promised embrace was a sensual balm to my fevered ache. "You'll be missing out though. As will I, since I've felt yours before, even if untrained."

I didn't know there was such a thing as 'trained' and 'untrained' where mind holds were concerned, but I didn't honestly care. I wanted to be cognizant while in the act. Really, I could imagine it now. One minute, we're getting started; the next minute, I wake up and it was done. Nope, not going there. Smiling gently, I murmured, "Thank you."

He hummed, his gaze steadfast on my lips.

There was no stopping this time. Nor did I want him to stop.

Ezra lowered his head. His mouth. Onto mine.

The barest of touches, the sweetest of brushes, as he held his lips still.

My heart rate galloped into a wild frenzy, the suspense killing me. My lids lowered.

My power, his power, erupted inside the room. No slow trickling as was normal for a Mystical mating. Too long spent denying each other, we no longer hid our want. The sizzling power was a heady rush of wild animal need and seductive longing darkness, which swirled around us, tickling my hair against my cheeks.

Lush lips curved against mine in a self-assured grin, and then he was tilting his head and his mouth was a gliding heat of decadent pleasure, parting slightly and pressing against mine...as he truly kissed me.

My world caught on fire.

Breath catching, my lips molded to his wide, warm mouth, the pressure and sensation like a hot summer's night, smoldering and perfectly moist, promising of more. Returning his kiss on a sigh, I threaded my fingers through his hair, which was still damp from the hot tub.

Ezra groaned low, his lips vibrating on mine as he continued his slow assault, tilting his head the other way and nibbling gently on my bottom lip, tugging, only to graze his warm tongue over it before molding his mouth with mine again.

A soft moan that was entirely feminine escaped me, and I felt him chuckle softly as he lightly ran his tongue across the seam of my lips and then tug again on my bottom lip, asking for entrance. I let him, knowing soon my wolf was going to wake, then...his tongue slid across mine, his taste new. Unique. Fucking good as hell.

My wolf growled.

It was a playful noise, but still a warning of sorts.

I felt it. My wolf's need.

But if I was honest, it was also my need for the Vampire to prove himself.

Ezra froze over me at the sound. Smart man. It still didn't save him from being flipped onto his back. Laying directly over him, I had a crystal clear view of his startled expression.

Shit.

Taking a deep breath, I crawled backward until I was sitting on my knees at the edge of the bed. I explained as quickly as I could. I wanted to jump him so damn bad I was trembling, but I was aware that if he didn't know, he could get hurt, never mind about being freaked out. "I'm a Shifter. Alpha. My wolf doesn't let a man take me unless he shows he can handle her." There were times my wolf backed down when I pushed hard enough, so the man could win, but I had a sneaking suspicion my wolf wouldn't be doing that for him.

"Ezra, I should have told you before, but I thought you knew about Shifters and sex." His still-wide gaze explained he had not. "The first time with an alpha Shifter woman is always rough." Until the wolf knew and respected him. I jerked my head at the door, breathing heavily through my mouth as I tried not to scent him. "You'd better run if you're not into this."

Instant. "I've never run away well." He licked his lips, his eyes never once traveling to the door, even if they were still wide. "Is this like no holds bars? Or more of a petting?"

He got an instant answer, my wolf very much liking his cockiness, as my wolf's nails instantly sliced through my fingers. Fuck...that has never happened before.

Ezra froze.

Wolf riding my voice hard, I growled, "Run, Ezra."

"No," he whispered, a steady, relaxed grin spreading on his supple lips. He blurred.

My wolf snarled just as his shoulder smashed into my gut, propelling both of us off the bed and into a dresser, knocking it over. My wolf wouldn't let me do anything but try my hardest, meaning my Shifter strength, so I shoved him off me and his body flew to hit the dresser next to us, bashing into it hard enough he - and it - went crashing to the floor. I rolled, pacing backward, knowing...

He blurred once more.

Barley able to track him, I leapt to the side, diving through the air.

Too damn swift, he flew with me. We collided against the back of the golden chair, the luxurious piece of furniture literally snapping in two pieces under us as we landed on the coffee table, the glass shattering beneath our bodies. I smelled both our blood on the air, but I rolled, kicking Ezra onto the couch. Watching as it tumbled over with his smashing weight, I hopped into a crouch, not hesitating to jump over the glass. Waiting.

I didn't even see him coming.

Suddenly, I was pinned to the wall, my hands above my head, my wrists caught in his grip...and his teeth at my neck, an unbreakable bite. His fangs weren't descended, but he was applying enough pressure that my wolf froze at the kill shot.

His Vampire growled, merciless and extended, containing a jagged edge of leashed dominance.

Chest pumping raggedly, my heart beat a crazy rhythm, which only escalated further when his Vampire quieted and his thumbs began a slow glide back and forth over the undersides of my wrists. He was still holding me captive, but adding a light touch to the fact he could easily rip my throat out.

My wolf didn't fight, not ignorant, but she still snarled and my claws didn't retract.

Ezra's predator responded with another rumble before he yanked me from the wall, jerking my hands behind my back. His teeth were still hard at my throat, gripping so tight I could only manage to breathe as he started navigating me backward toward the bed.

Even while I trembled in arousal from his control, my damn wolf still wasn't letting go of the reins, apparently really liking Ezra and enjoying the challenge. I understood it. Finn had definitely been a challenge, as had Felix, a previous bed partner, but Ezra was a different predator altogether and he was alpha strong in his own right. My wolf growled low when the backs of my knees hit the bed. Our powers were still whipping the air around us, carnal and physical.

The room spun as he tossed me onto the mattress with his speed, flipping me onto my hands and knees. I instantly bucked, arching back and trying to twist away, but his forearm slammed against my back from behind, crushing my chest to the fur cover.

Bending over me, he brushed my hair away and whispered, "Hello, little wolf."

Said little wolf snarled.

Ezra chuckled deeply while nibbling at my ear, giving it a hard, reprimanding tug when I tried grabbing the headboard to jerk free. All I accomplished was putting huge slashes in it. His teeth grazed the side of my neck, fire flaming through my bones at the sensual touch, and he moved his brazen mouth back to my ear, purring, "You're good, but I'm better." His free hand slid around my waist to my stomach, gliding upward to cup one of my br**sts.

I started panting while bucking viciously, almost managing to throw him off.

"Alright," Ezra growled, shoving me brutally against the mattress. "Rough it is." He bit into the strings on my bikini top with his fangs descended, slicing through the material. Yanking my ruined top out from under me, he didn't loosen his restraining hold this time.

My wolf huffed as I kicked a leg out.

Ezra grunted a curse, and instantly, his legs were between mine, shoving my legs apart.

I managed a soft groan past my wolf.

Ezra stilled.

My wolf nearly caught him then, as I managed to hook my fingers beneath the underside of the mammoth headboard and tear it off the bed's frame, heaving it over my back.

Ezra ducked, chuckling hard when my wolf howled in pissed-off fury. "Oh, little wolf, I think I like you." He yanked on one side of my bikini bottom, ripping it. "Tiny you may be, but cunning you are." My wolf puffed what almost sounded like a damn purr, enjoying the compliment...then I shoved hard, rocking us both up. Until Ezra grabbed my throat, squeezing. "Not happening." My wolf froze as he pushed me back down. He held my throat for a full minute before releasing it, and then tore the other side of my bikini bottom and pulled the material out from between us.

I was now naked. Under him. While he wore only his bathing suit.

His forearm pressing rock-solid against my back, his other hand ran down my tender side. Licks of firestorms dragged along his touch, making me shiver under him. His hand wasted no time palming my most intimate flesh when my wolf snarled and tried to buck yet again.

Ezra's breath caught, and he groaned, running two fingers along my slick folds. "God yes, sweetheart. You're so wet." Gently, he kissed my shoulder, and my wolf gripped into the mattress with my claws and jerked hard, bumping his face back.

The Vampire within him resounded quietly, a calculating rumble of seductive ferocity. Within a pounding heartbeat, his fingers were absent from my throbbing flesh, and I felt him slide his swim trunks down. Before I could blink against the fur cover, his teeth - no fangs - were at the soft spot between my shoulder and neck. He bit violently enough to draw blood, the scent faint on the air. Moving in a blur, one of his hands gripped both my wrists above my head, his other guiding the blunt head of his c**k to my core's entrance.

My wolf snarled furiously as I tried jerking out from under him, but Ezra pressed unbreakably, his searing chest to my delicate back and his bite drawing more blood.

He thrust his hips forward.

Or he tried to anyway.

Both of us halted, my wolf taking pause at this new development.

Ezra kept the pressure on me, but his teeth instantly left my shoulder. He rested his forehead against the back of my head and groaned as he drove his hips forward with more pressure. But without the anticipated outcome. "Fuck." He exhaled harshly, his knees knocking my own further apart, before he pressed, sliding inside...maybe an inch. "Christ, you're tight."

He continued his determined drive, but it f**king hurt. My wolf backed away long enough for me to mumble brokenly, "Too big, Ezra. You're too f**king big." My claws dug into the mattress as pain rocketed through my needing flesh.

"Hush," he panted, pulling back the barest bit before pressing again, advancing farther this time and stretching my channel to its max. Sounding like his teeth were clenched, he asked, "Are you back with me?"

"My wolf's still here," I gasped through the pressure as he retreated, and then thrust harder. "Waiting."

A guttural groan vibrated against my back, the sound making me even wetter, and he plunged savagely. My breath faltered. His free hand slipped under me, cupping one of my br**sts. He squeezed fiercely, and I felt my wolf recede a bit more. "Ezra..."

He licked across my shoulder, his breathing heavy against my ear before lifting so quickly a breeze blew against my back. Both of his hands were on my hips, and he withdrew so that just the head of his immense c**k was left inside me, only to thrust so viciously, his c**k slid all the way home. My scream was his name as I was filled completely with him, hearing my own name on his shout.

Breathing raggedly, I whimpered, my claws still digging into the cover and mattress.

Ezra groaned, "Little wolf?"

My wolf huffed, the sound short and ticked.

Ezra's laughter was pure superiority. "Hang on while I take you for a ride." His hips retreated, then drove flush against me, his victorious mirth altering to a covetous groan.

My moans joined his, the friction of his thrusts unbelievable. I tilted my hips so the head of his c**k slid past my cervix, pressing inside me even further. Pure, carnal decadence had my eyes closing on a gasping cry.

His voice gruff, he rumbled, "Fucking shit, you feel so damn perfect."

"Harder," I demanded, bracing my hands against the wall. "Fuck me, Ezra."

"With pleasure, sweetheart," he purred on a groan. His Vampire growled as his steady, driving thrusts became more a pounding rhythm, and the sounds of our skin slapping against each other joined our cries of pleasure. "Harder?"

"As hard as you can do it," I snarled, my wolf taking voice.

"I love your wolf," he muttered breathlessly, gripping my hips with bruising force. He slammed his c**k into me, and the impact made me light-headed as frenzied desire whipped out from my gut to my limbs, only my Shifter strength keeping me from shoving forward. Softly, he groaned, "Tell me if this is too much, sweetheart."

That was his only warning before he was hammering into me, driving me between the point of pleasure and pain as he thrust his f**king enormous c**k into me. His name on my lips, I cried out my fulfilled craving. "Ezra...Ezra...Ezra...Ezra," I shouted, throwing my head back when he reached under me, two of his fingers sliding on either side of my clit, pinching and rubbing back and forth. My channel clenched even further, my breath choking in my tightening throat with the exquisite ache that was building like a volcanic explosion.

His c**k pistoning inside me, Ezra ordered roughly, "Have it, sweetheart."

Whimpering, I began undulating my hips against his fingers.

He shouted deeply, pleasure searing his tone. His fingers pressed firmly, working faster.

Jolting, I screamed his name. White-hot flames leapt from my core, spreading like wildfire to my limbs and mind. A sensual haze enveloped me as I shuddered under him, my channel's pulsing muscles grabbing his c**k tight. Drowning in a sensual haze, I could only convulse under him as he drove in and out of me relentlessly.

"Sweetheart," Ezra growled an extended groan that echoed inside the mist shrouding my bliss, and my wolf left me completely. My body relaxed under him, my muscles turning limp from my mind-blowing orgasm, but my vision spun as he pulled out and suddenly flipped me onto my back. He spread my legs and thrust his c**k deeply into me, making me gasp at the overfull filling. "Is your wolf gone?"

I nodded lazily, my glowing eyes sluggishly blinking open.

"Mmm," he purred, leisurely withdrawing. Only to plunge brutally. My eyes flew open at the rough intimacy while our power twirled around us, brushing against our flesh in intimate caresses. His wide lips lifted at the corners, his own flared eyes directly on mine and holding my gaze quietly. He gradually lowered over me, the muscles in his broad shoulders and pecs rippling at the sensual action, and pressed a bit of his weight, his body heat, onto me. Leaning on his elbows on either side of my head, his lips hovered over mine. "Kiss me."

I hummed in sated contentment and gently grabbed his angular jaw, pulling his face to mine. Touching my lips to his, I kissed him softly as his plunges altered to a measured glide. Running my knees up his sides, I hooked my legs over his waist and lifted to meet his thrusts, the head of his c**k rubbing deliciously deep within. His groan tantalized my lips as he tilted his head, and he fisted handfuls of my hair as his tongue invaded my mouth, sliding against mine. We both sighed at the dual contact, our tongues tangling with one another's while his c**k slid in and out of my sensitive channel.

"You taste so good," he whispered, driving his tongue inside my mouth once more.

Our kiss slowly increased in urgency, my hips thrusting faster in time with his.

"Ezra, baby," I panted, shaking my head back in forth in delirious pleasure. I groaned, feeling his lips lift into a grin against my cheek and his thrusts alter to press his pelvis against my clit. "Right there." I gasped sharply when he did it again. "Right there, baby. Right there."

His hands skated to my hips, and his thrusts quickened, continuing to hit all the right spots as his breathing hitched and turned to fierce pants against my ear. He groaned as I rocked against him harder, my nails digging into his scalp as I felt another luscious orgasm mounting. With both of us moaning, his plunges quickly turned into breath-shattering drives, pounding into me harder and more urgently.

"Baby, I'm gonna come," I whispered, arching against him, my head flying back.

Sweat misting our bodies, he slammed into me brutishly, his c**k rubbing deep.

I shuddered uncontrollably, a keen cry falling past my lips. The world shattered around me. My body quaked under him and my channel squeezed the shit out of his cock, not wanting to release him. Wild animal seductive power burst forth, churning in frenzy against us, following in my body's wake.

"Jesus Christ," Ezra moaned breathlessly, his hands sliding under my ass, squeezing and holding me tight as he lost all restraint. His c**k hammered into me severely, making my pleasure-filled haze flare. I choked on air as he shouted my name, his muscles tensing and his grip brutal on my ass as he shoved once. Twice. His third thrust, he shoved so far inside me I knew I was going to be aching in wonderful places later. His body shivering in severe racks against my quaking frame, his breath rushed against my ear and his cum seared me deep within. His power was a dark and seductive blast of sensual explosion rocking the bed under us, the floor and the walls, and taking what little breath I had left.

For minutes to come, both of us lay as we were, our bodies trembling in aftershocks.

The gentlest of sated sighs slid past my parted lips, and I was content as I relaxed my fingers in his hair, letting them slide down to his shoulders. I began a lazy exploration of his muscled back, having never touched him like this before. He hummed quietly, more of a purr, running his hands from my ass up to the small of my back and around, grazing the sides of my br**sts to cup my jaw with a soft touch. He tilted my face in his direction, kissing me unhurriedly, just as lazily as I was touching him. My lids started to lower, my lips slowing their pace, the same as him. Sometime during our soft petting of one another we fell asleep, his weight delectably heavy on top of me and keeping me warm.

We had rolled at some point in our slumber. Now lying on our sides and facing each other, his scent and mine entwined, just as our limbs did. He was still sleeping, his face peaceful with no signs of stress and no carefully blank expressions trying to hide want he wanted, only simple quiet. Of its own accord, my finger began tracing one of his eyebrows, gently gliding its tip over the black arch. Really, his eyebrows had always fascinated me: they were the type every woman would want but would have to wax to achieve what he had naturally.

He didn't stir, so I continued my exploration, running the pad of my finger over his straight nose and gliding the back of it across one of his sharp cheekbones and around the hard edges of his strong, sharp jaw. My gaze caught on his lips. I stared, my finger hovering above his luscious mouth. After a week of torture, trying to ignore that mouth, I softly rested my index finger against his bottom lip.

It felt just as soft and as full against my skin as it had against my mouth. Biting my lip, I watched avidly as I traced the edges of his wide lips, which had fit pretty damn perfectly against my own. None of my previous lovers' mouths had molded quite so scrumptiously. Licking my bottom lip, I hesitated for only the briefest moment before deciding the hell with it, we had already had sex so I shouldn't be shy about kissing him, and leaned forward, doing exactly as I had wanted to do a week ago.

Gently, I nibbled from one corner of his bottom lip to the other, intermittently laving over the tiny hurts. He moaned softly, but his eyes never opened. I used the tip of my tongue to shape the edges of his top lip. Tasting him with unhurried movements, I brushed my mouth over his more firmly.

Until his lips lifted, curling at the edges.

My gaze rising to his, I saw him staring from under thick black lashes, only the barest hint of green showing. I stalled, a smidge of embarrassment and guilt intruding, not only for waking him when he appeared so peaceful, but for touching him intimately while he was asleep. His grin only increased, and a quiet, sleepy chuckle reverberated against my lips still on his.

"I've fantasized about this," he hummed, his arms tightening around me. "Don't stop."

My breath hitched at his humble - blatantly honest - words, and any discomfiture I had fled as his fingers lightly trailed up and down my bare back, the sensation wrapping my thoughts in a whole new set of emotions wholly carnal. Sighing softly, I arched against him and closed my eyes while enjoying the sensual stroking, before I gently but firmly pressed him onto his back.

Ezra's eyes darkened, dilating, as I rose, straddling him. His gaze traveled down my exposed flesh to stare avidly at my br**sts. He groaned quietly, his hands beginning to lift, but I brushed them away gently and held them above his head against the shredded mattress.

My face hovered over his. "I want to finish tasting you."

Green eyes lifted from my br**sts to stare into my gaze. "What's stopping you?"

I mock scowled at his teasing. "Just keep your hands to yourself." He would stop me, distract me, if he started touching, and I wanted to explore his body first, neither one of us getting to do so at our own pace thanks to my wolf's demands.

His sudden confident grin, those soft lips, spoke of erotic acts yet to be discovered. "No promises." His head rose from the pillow and his lips found mine, kissing me. It wasn't gentle as I expected. It was more like an alpha exerting his dominance. A man letting me know I could begin this and do what amused me, but it the end, he was going to finish it his way. He didn't try to pull his hands from where I held them, but he didn't need to as his moist tongue pillaged my mouth, stroking against mine in barefaced thrusts and showing me what he undeniably would be doing later with another part of his anatomy.

A soft feminine moan reverberated from my throat before I could stop it, meeting each of his demands and pressing his head back to the pillow with my own base need. I was giving just as good as he was giving in an attempt to let him know I was no pushover...while I tried not to melt on top of him. Our sensory powers flittered through the air currents the longer our kiss of wills continued. His tongue curled around mine, and he lifted his hips, rubbing his hardening c**k against my tender core. That was how I won this little battle. I met his thrust, grinding my wet core against his extraordinary erection.

His breath caught on a groan. He tugged gently at his captured hands as his neck arched, breaking our mouths' contact. I stared down at him, watching the ache of pleasure play across his strong features. His cheeks were flushed and his eyes were closed, his jaw clenched, and his lips were red and swollen. Biting my lip so I wouldn't moan, I undulated my hips and ground our sensitive flesh against each other, wanting to witness his satisfaction. His lips parted and his fangs descended, and I felt him shudder under me as he met my movements, a soft exhale escaping him as his muscles clenched.

Green eyes slitted open, he growled, "Don't tease me." Without warning, his captured hands were on my cheeks, brushing his thumbs once over my heated skin then, just as suddenly, they were back under my own hands, captured again. "I can't hold off much longer." My eyes narrowed even as his lips lifted again, but this time his smile was smug. "Sweetheart, even your wolf knows who's superior in bed." Head raising, his lips gently brushed my neck, then his fangs followed, sliding across my flesh in a corporeal stroke before he lowered his head back to the pillow, his eyes hooded. "I want to hear you scream 'baby' again. Soon."

I scowled, grabbing his hands harder. "I did not call you 'baby'." Did I? I had never called any bed partner by a pet name. "And my wolf only wanted you to prove yourself. Not concede you're the superior in bed."

His resulting grin was pure male self-confidence. "I assure you, you most definitely called me baby." Again, one of his captured hands moved, brushing his thumb over my frown before it was back inside my captive hold. "I liked it." His direct, controlled gaze met mine. "Between us, here in this bed, I am dominant."

I stilled on top of him. Ramifications zinged through my mind at his words. Putting aside the fact we had broken our friendship pact, there was one other detail not so minor. He was the Prodigy Vampire, soon to be King, and I was the Prodigy Shifter, soon to be Queen. Unfortunately for us, I did enjoy a man being dominate in bed, just as long as I could have my fun when I wanted. But that couldn't be between us. I couldn't let him control me with the possibility of it running over to the subjects I would be ruling.

Ezra's almond-shaped eyes began darting back and forth between mine, obviously picking up on the switch in my demeanor. I felt his hands begin to move again, and my jaw clenched as I swiftly rolled, using my miniscule Vampire speed to evade him, tugging the blanket with me. I slipped off the edge of the bed, hauling the enormous, ripped fur cover around my naked body, and took a step back when his eyes flashed at my evasive tactic.

Keeping my gaze firmly on his gradually blanking face, glancing nowhere lower on his delicious body, I stated quietly, "This was a bad idea. I'm sorry, Ezra, but this can't happen again." My words were guttural, even if soft, as I made myself voice them.

Quickly turning when he began edging off the bed, I shoved my feet into motion, heading toward the bathroom. "I'm going to take a shower." A thought occurred in spite of my body's pulsing need. "You may not want to go outside unless you've washed, because you smell like me." Shifter's sexual fluids smelled like their animal, so any Shifter would be able to tell he had just slept with a wolf Shifter, and any Shifter who knew my scent well enough would know it was me. My teeth gritted hard as I felt wind brush past me. I halted instantly when Ezra stood before me, staring down at me with his hooded gaze.

Impassive green eyes ran over my features. "Why?"

My lips pinched, but into the quiet I decided he deserved the truth. "I can't risk you dominating me." He would know why. I didn't elaborate.

He hummed, his head cocking. "And if I promised to keep it to the bedroom?" He paused, lifting a single, bored brow. "I know how to keep my sex life private from business."

Lips thinning even further, I shook my head. "It'll spill out somewhere."

After a few moments of dead silence, his hooded eyes opened fully. Honesty radiated in their depths, blatantly showing me his feelings as he cupped my jaw and made me peer directly at him. "I respect you and your handle on the Shifters. This isn't a relationship, as you know, only sex, kept behind closed doors." His face lowered, slanting closer to mine. "It won't leak to arguments or me trying to manipulate you."

He meant it. I could tell even without scenting as I had the truth in his words. Still... "I don't know, Ezra." This was one of those suck-ass decisions in life I was going to have to make, being who I was. "It never ends up being just sex and we both know that." The same conversation we'd had back at the fore.

He placed his forehead against mine. "As I said before, we'll deal with any issues as they arise." His penetrating gaze never wavered. "I promise you, sweetheart, I won't ever try to manipulate your ruling." The scent was truth. His lips quirked up at one corner. "You should know this already."

Yes, I guess I should, since we cared for one another, but being who we were didn't allow us the luxury of assuming. Which he also understood, so he wasn't taking my second-guessing him as an insult. My argument was valid. Staring into his eyes, all I wanted to do was throw my arms around his shoulders and kiss him hard, rather than run away from him.

Jaw repeatedly clenching, I debated my decision internally. If I were going to have a sexual relationship with another in power, I would want it to be with a person I loved and who loved me in return. An individual who I respected and trusted completely, and they likewise. Ezra was all of those things. He was also the man in power I wanted to take to my bed.

Inhaling deeply, I stated, "If I ever once feel you're trying to control a situation because we've had sex," I didn't doubt he would try to control situations, because he already did at times, but it was the 'because of sex' bit I wanted to clarify, "we're through." I met his eyes steadily. "And I will have lost my respect for you." It was brutal honesty, but if he ever did what I had said, it would be one hell of a low blow against someone he called his best friend.

His eyes narrowed slightly at my words, but he slowly nodded. Right before he yanked the blanket off my body, tossing it to the floor. "I'm going to ignore the fact you're starting to tick me off," his hands rested on my hips, "actually thinking I would do something like that," he bent, his warm palms gliding over my skin to the backs of my thighs, and he lifted me swiftly, my legs hooking around his waist and my arms around his neck, as his hands moved to my ass, squeezing and holding me flush against him, "because I want to take that shower with you."

"That's very kind of you," I murmured, automatically arching so my br**sts were flush against his flexing chest. My ni**les pebbled at the contact, and I rubbed them deliberately against his heated flesh. "But I still want to taste you."

His eyes darkened as he moved us inside the bathroom, kicking the door closed behind us with his foot. "You missed your chance." As he stepped inside the shower, one of his hands slid lower on my ass, his fingers feathering over my intimate folds and finding I was most definitely wet for him. "I'm going to taste you now."

Heat unfurled through my lower stomach, my head dropping back as his mouth landed on the crook of my tender neck. Fumbling with one hand, I managed to turn the water on to a decent temperature as he sucked, fanning the flames inside me. Hot water sprayed over our bodies, creating a slick, luxurious slide to our skin as he set me on my feet, our dueling sensual powers already rippling in waves against our fevered flesh.

Dropping to his knees before me, he groaned as he stared at my chest.

Panting, I watched as his eyes flared, matching my own powered eyes, as his hands gently cupped my br**sts. Pinpoints of pleasure warmed my body as he softly squeezed, bringing his face closer. Gripping his slicked hair, I arched, serving myself up for him. His breathing hitching, his tongue flicked over one of my ni**les. I jerked at the contact, and one of his hands slid behind me, holding my back tight so I wouldn't move as his teeth latched onto my nipple. A cry of need fell past my lips, and his gaze met mine, his lashes wet and speared, making his green eyes sparkle that much more as he suckled hard, pulling and tugging my aroused flesh in his moist mouth, his tongue laving hungrily.

I bucked against him, trying to breathe through the pleasure he was inflicting. Fisting his hair tight, I pulled him against me, not wanting his mouth to stop its exploit. He nibbled and sucked, his eyes closing as he groaned, pleasuring one breast, then the other. My body trembled as I pressed greedily against him, his fingers roaming like luxurious petals down my sides until he gripped my thighs, making me spread them. My whimper of disappointment echoed past the spray of water as his lips left my br**sts.

"Hush," he crooned gently, and then his lips were on me again, licking and placing light kisses down my quivering stomach. He nipped softly in a circle around my belly button, my breath faltering altogether as I watched him work his way down my body, wanting, no needing, his mouth lower. His hand hooked around one of my knees, lifting and placing it over his shoulder.

Gliding two fingers slowly over my hip, then lower, his eyes met mine again as he kissed the area directly below my belly button. Biting my lip, I groaned low, my eyes on his as those same two fingers slipped through my sensitive folds, slick with need for him. His breath caught, and his desired groan echoed mine as he gently slid his fingers inside my tight channel, filling me where I needed it most.

"Ezra," I moaned, unable to hold still, and rocked against his fingers. Hearing his breathing become pants was only an added stimulation, and my head fell back, letting the water rush over my face. "Ezra...please." He was teasing me, not giving me want I wanted: his mouth were I needed it. Rolling my hips faster, his fingers began to thrust more severely, my body trembling with pleasure all consuming. "Baby, more. I need more."

"There it is," he moaned, and then he fueled my need. His mouth was on me.

I screamed, grasping his head as his tongue dipped through my folds, finding my clit and pressing. He laved his talented tongue back and forth as his Vampire growled, sounding hungry and greedy. I lurched against him, undulating rapidly in time to his fingers and mouth.

The fever inside me swelled, and my head fell forward so I could see his stunning face between my thighs, could watch as his luscious mouth opened wider, sucking my throbbing clit between his teeth. Pulling. Nibbling. Pressing. His fingers crooked inside me, and I stilled, his glowing eyes slamming to mine.

Our gazed locked for a heartbeat before my head fell back as I screamed, "Ah f**k, baby!"

My body shoved against him, ecstasy bowing my back as tremors of pleasure consumed my entire frame, my body racked in melted, blurred warmth, shattering me so hard my knees buckled. His Vampire took voice, purring against my flesh as he lapped at my juices, gripping my ass with both hands to keep me steady and hold me flush against his mouth. A low moan of the inarticulately sated rushed through me as I sluggishly came down from heaven's gates, the haze not wanting to clear as Ezra leisurely licked in long, slick motions.

He kissed my clit softly, took one more gliding swipe with his tongue, making me jerk, then he was rising to stand. My eyes shut lazily, and he held my completely satisfied, limp body in his steel-like arms. His mouth found mine, tasting of me and his own spicy flavor, as he guided my body and pressed my back against the tiled wall. His teeth tugging on my bottom lip, relentless, he murmured, "Ready for more?"

An unintelligible sound was all I could manage.

"I'll take that as a yes," he whispered against my lips, once more lifting me and holding my legs around his waist, his grip brutal on my hips. "Open your eyes, sweetheart. I want you to see who's f**king you senseless."

I shivered at his command, his tone one hell of a turn on. Slowly and languidly, my lids opened. Green eyes, on fire with need, were inches from mine. His face was fierce, his features showing in sharp relief with the desire riding him. He tilted his head closer, biting my bottom lip. I moaned as he sucked it inside his mouth, laving the sting with his tongue.

Voice husky, Ezra ordered, "Put my c**k at your tight little cunt's entrance." His nostrils flared. "Now, sweetheart."

His intake of air turned labored as I moved my hand down his chest, rolling my fingers gently over the hills and valleys of his stomach muscles. Enjoying how he jolted at the contact, I followed his dark happy trail to where his c**k was heavy between us. My gaze left his as I gripped him, his breath catching at the contact. I tried not to gawk at the gigantic c**k in my hand. He was larger than any sexual partner I'd ever had before, my fingers unable to touch as I gripped him.

Coveting the feel of him in my hand, I ran my thumb over the crown. His skin was silky and smooth over hard steel, and I couldn't resist gripping him tighter, noticing how his body tensed in longing. I pumped my hand up and down his length, my lips curving as his fingers dug into my hips, a soft growl reverberating from his throat as he began thrusting into my touch. Stroking him thoroughly, I peered away from the wonder of his c**k and watched his eyes close to bare slits. His lips parted, white teeth showing as his fangs descended. I listened to his breath repeatedly rush in and out, watched his chest expand and lower as his muscles turned rock-solid against me. It was a hell of a turn-on to watch.

Ezra let me - I was sure he was letting me - pet him and watch the effect it had on him for a good minute until he pressed against me, yanking back a handful of my soaking hair, making my neck arch in submittal. "Enough playing, little wolf. I want inside you."

I blinked, even as my breath caught. "My wolf's not here, just me."

He grinned, mouth full of fang. "Your wolf may not be here, sweetheart, but you're still a teasing little wolf." He licked across my bottom lip in an unhurried stroke, creating a shiver down my spine. "And I very much like." His fangs retracted, and his blunt teeth bit the bottom lip he had just softly stroked. If he pressed any harder, I would be bleeding. Through his teeth, he growled, "Now, put my c**k where we both want it."

A quiet moan intermingled my pants as I obeyed his dictate, very much wanting his c**k inside me again. His hips pulled back slightly, giving me room to maneuver, and I squeezed his sides with my thighs, tilting my hips as I reached down and spread my aroused wet folds to position the head of his c**k at my core. Pulling my fingers back, wet from my arousal, I placed them at his mouth when his teeth released my lip. He immediately suckled them, and his eyes closed with the action, groaning. I watched, breathless, as his cheeks hollowed, and his tongue slid along each of my two fingers, licking off every last taste of me.

As I pulled them out of his mouth, Ezra's glowing eyes opened, heat flaring from them, and he groaned, "You taste like hot sex." His grip altered to my hips, his fingers digging into my flesh, and his control snapped.

He thrust. Demanding. Vicious. Pure predator.

Crying out in a pleasure that bordered pain as he slid halfway in, I blinked my glowing eyes open and made them stay that way so I could watch him this time. Apparently of the same mind, he was watching me, his eyes so dilated only the tiniest of pale green rimmed the black pupil.

"And you feel even f**king better," he growled. Our gazes locking, he tilted his hips back, his grip tightening on my hips, then drove forward so brutally into my snug channel my hands flew above me to the tiled wall, trying to brace myself as I groaned. He grunted, his nostrils flaring and his muscles straining under his mocha flesh. "So f**king good."

Ezra didn't relent.

He began thrusting into me with remorseless pleasure in mind. He didn't start slowly or gently as his ministrations had been the previous time, once my wolf had left, or even as his fingers and mouth had taken me. Instead, Ezra wrapped one arm behind me, holding my nape, his other hand moving to hold my ass as he drove into me, again and again, his fierce features hovering directly in front of mine. This was an unapologetic, dominant taking. Our shouts and panting breaths fanned over each other's cheeks as our powers zapped the air, neither one of us taking our eyes away from the almost pained expressions of ecstasy riding each other's flushed features, wanting to watch.

Ezra roared in my face, his fangs fully bared, and banged his forehead against mine, pressing my head back against the wall and holding me severely as he slammed his c**k repeatedly into my drenched channel. I screamed in answer, the pads of my fingers gripping the glossy tiles as I thrust my hips back, riding his c**k just as violently. His lips hovered over mine, breathing in great pants of air, as his thrusts became more urgent.

"Ezra...Ezra. Baby, please."

He slanted his hips, pressing against my clit with each increasing drive.

I nodded jerkily, beautiful tension intensifying and flaring to my stomach and clenching along my nerves. "Just a little...more." I choked, fervor shooting through my limbs, my mind shutting down in a blaze. My mouth opened wide on a scream as I convulsed against him.

He shouted against my lips, his grip bruising and his thrusts frantic, before driving into me ruthlessly. My thrumming channel spasmed against his c**k as his cum shot in scalding pulses inside me, another shudder racking my frame at the intimate sensation. His glowing eyes were all I saw as I floated inside a physical cloud of erotic sensory. Our bodies trembled against each other in our pleasure, only gradually falling from our sated high.

Ezra's body unclenched little by little, leaning heavily against mine as I went limp inside his hold. Foreheads still touching, he blinked lazily with a breathlessly muttered order, "We are not stopping this any time soon."

"Agreed," I barley breathed, my voice hoarse. I patted his back listlessly where my hands now rested over his shoulders. "We're kind of good at this together."

He snorted, and it sounded like half a rumble. "Kind of isn't the correct definition."

"Fine," I muttered, my ankles uncrossing behind his back as he began to lower me to my feet. "Phenomenal. Incredible. Miraculous." Wobbling on my feet, I was pleased to see he was in the same state as he pressed a bracing hand on the wall. "Is that better?"

"A little." He arched his back, stretching, and I couldn't help but watch his muscles play under his glistening mocha skin. He noticed, and a peaceful smile lifted his sated features, making him appear younger than he was. I lifted on tiptoe, and he bent at the waist, obliging me as I cupped his cheeks and softly brushed my lips against his, before I reached behind him for the shampoo. Holding it in front of his face, I muttered, "I'm hungry." My stomach growled not so quietly, proving my claim. "Time to actually shower, then we can get something to eat."

Chapter Seven

Strolling through the living quarters and the twisting hallways on our trek to the dining hall, Ezra and I glanced at each other. Everyone was watching us warily - or flat out staring - more than likely hoping for another sparring match like we had been having all week. Funny how I hadn't noticed their glances through the actual week, but now that I was relaxed to the point of passing out as soon as my belly was full, I definitely took notice.

Ezra's eyebrows furrowed. "I guess we were that bad."

"Huh," I mumbled absently, right before we walked into the dining hall. It was full of people eating lunch. Like a record scratching, the noise turned off, and everyone's attention swung in our direction in a crashing wave across the room. We both halted inside the door at the instant attention. They stared. I blinked, then whispered, "Not that damn bad."

"Apparently, we were," Ezra mumbled quietly, heading for the line at the buffet.

I quickly followed, allowing my hair to fall across the side of my face, using it as a shield.

Conversation sluggishly went back into full swing when Ezra and I stood next to each other without coming to verbal blows, although everyone kept peeking covertly our way, as if they were just waiting for a detonation.

Ezra glanced at me as we loaded our plates, both of us starving. A small smile graced his generous mouth, a soft chuckle escaping with it. I snickered right along with him. It was kind of amusing. Hell, if you couldn't find the humor in life's quirks, life would be damn boring.

Scouting a table at the edge of the crowd, we sat next to each other, both of us placing our backs to the wall out of habit. Unperturbed, we began eating from our piled-high plates. Ezra had grabbed a few items I loved, and I had grabbed a few I knew he prized when his plate had been too full. We sat in companionable quiet, every once in a while taking an item off each other's plate, enjoying our meal.

Noshing our goods, Ezra took a bite of something that was definitely questionable. His face instantly puckered, his nose crinkling. I laughed at his expression, and in retaliation he tossed a bit of it into my wide open mouth. My snickering abruptly cut off, my own face wrinkling as a definite taste of fish - and maybe cheese - wrapped my taste buds in revulsion. Then it was his turn to hoot while I held my nose, swallowing it down.

"Not funny," I muttered, smacking my tongue on the top of my mouth.

"Here." He handed my Coke to me, his chuckle rumbling deep.

After rapidly grabbing it, I started chugging the refreshing liquid, only belatedly realizing it was abnormally quiet around us. Glancing past the rim of my cup, I noticed almost everyone was staring, their jaws gaping. I almost choked on my drink, but I set it down delicately, still feeling mighty peaceful, no one's staring going to ruin my mood. Turning my attention to Ezra, I wore a mischievous smile. "Maybe we should start a fake fight."

He sniggered, his eyes darting to the gawkers. He grinned down at his plate before scooting it away, shrugging, and pushing his chair back to put his boots up on the table in an unperturbed position. After grabbing his coffee from the table, he sipped it before peering at me, rumbling, "They'll get used to it."

I snorted, my eyes skimming the crowd as I continued eating. There were many Mysticals here. After the news had broken through the masses about hybrids creating Beasts, the Mysticals had become even more separated. After lifting a fry, I munched on it and decided you could cut the room in fourths by Mystical factions. Vampires were to the far back right, Mages to the far back left, Elementals to the direct right, and Shifters to the direct left. Still, even though the situation had only become worse behind the scenes, I knew that if war truly broke out between Com and Mys, none of them would give a flying f**k if they were fighting beside a member of a fellow faction or of another.

In matters of war, Mysticals were only Mysticals. We protected each other.

Survival in its most basic form.

My gaze stalled on a table a few over. It was mixed like ours.

It was also the air Elemental and Shifter I had seen this morning with Antonio, Cahal, and the Kings. Peering at the air Elemental, I saw that his bright yellow hair was a direct contrast against his deep ebony skin. He was striking, with delicate features, his body built on the slimmer side, like a swimmer, and he appeared to be near thirty years old by Com standards, which meant he was probably around eighty years old. The Shifter next to him looked to be approximately the same age, but that was where the similarities ended. He was enormous everywhere the air Elemental was slim, even his facial features more bold and fierce. His spiral-curled black hair complemented his olive-colored complexion, making his blue eyes appear navy.

They were watching us, but their gazes were much more penetrating, not ogling like the others.

I opened my mouth to ask Ezra if he knew who they were, but my question stalled in my throat as I sniffed the air and blinked in confusion. I smelled smoke. Cigarette smoke, in particular. Unfreezing, my gaze snapped to Ezra. He was lounging on his chair, boots still on the table, with his coffee in one hand and a lit cigarette in the other, as he inhaled a prolonged drag. My jaw dropped, and I sputtered, "What are you doing?"

His lips twitched, and he lowered his cigarette and dropped his head back to blow the smoke to the ceiling. "I'm smoking."

Complete shock. "I can see that." His lips quirked in a resulting grin as he watched me, his head tilted, obviously enjoying my stunned reaction. "When did you start doing that?"

He ashed on the cave floor and shrugged. "I only smoke every so often now, but I used to smoke these...and other things...on a normal basis before coming to King Hall." Another shrug as he lifted the cigarette to his curling lips. "This past week, I took it back up."

My gaze narrowed as I waved a hand in front of my face. "Just those, or other things?"

He grunted, taking another drag. "Just these."

Eyeing him a moment longer, I hummed in my throat and reclined on my chair, trying to ignore the fact that when his lips curled around the cigarette it looked sexy as hell. Not moving my lips, I barely breathed, "You do realize you smoking right now is a little cliche?"

His deep chortle reverberated. "Maybe, but it's no less enjoyable." He tilted his head toward me, whispering, "You do know Mysticals don't grow addicted or get lung cancer, right?"

I snorted. "I'm not a complete idiot." My eyes met his. "But I could use your," my words were drier than dirt, "supreme knowledge on another issue." One of his eyebrows quirked in silent question, so I slanted my head toward the left. "Five tables over. Do you know who the air Elemental and Shifter are?"

Lifting the cigarette and taking another drag, his head cocked and his eyes searched where I had indicated. He stilled after a moment, then slowly ashed his cigarette, his eyes lingering on them. Blowing the smoke out of the corner of his mouth - away from me - he murmured, "I've seen their pictures before." His gaze held in their direction, and I glanced that way, seeing both of them watching Ezra. The Shifter's lips were even curled a bit. Eyes back on Ezra, I saw he was returning the gesture, until he turned his attention to me. "The air Elemental is Elder Jacobs, the Shifter's Elder Merrick." When I stilled, he chuckled, relaxing further into his chair, and took another drag. "Yeah, they're the other half of my dad and Antonio's posse."

My regard snapped around, scrutinizing them in a different light. No wonder they seemed...more. They were. They had fought alongside Antonio and Cahal. Not only had they experienced war firsthand, they had led the entirety of the Mystical population through it.

The Shifter, Elder Merrick, took that moment to wink at me, lazily sitting back on his chair. I blinked, a bit confused. What was that about? It took a slow smile from him for me to realize he was hitting on me from tables away.

I stilled, quickly peering away. Clearing my throat, I grabbed a fry, feeling strange at someone flirting with me while Ezra sat right next to me. After we had just had mind-blowing sex. Glancing at him, his eyes met mine.

He took a slow sip of his coffee. "I believe someone's taken an interest in you."

I tossed the fry into my mouth, sitting back, not really knowing what to say.

Ezra set his coffee cup on the table and lit another cigarette, after smashing the other one out on his plate, saying quietly, "This doesn't have to be awkward between us." He inhaled a drag. "The situation is no different than either of us taking another..." He shrugged, not ignorant enough to say 'lover' aloud.

After a tick, I nodded and relaxed, letting my head fall back against my chair. "Good."

We sat in pleasant silence for a few minutes, both of us enjoying the peace.

Up until Ezra muttered, "Shit."

"Do I want to know?" My eyes were closed, head still back on my chair.

"Well...," Ezra drawled. "What could ruin our good moods right now?"

I snorted. "The Kings."

He chuckled, even as I heard him light another cigarette. "And the winner receives a half-hour of listening to the Kings bitch."

"You're a chain-smoker. You know that, right?"

"Only when the situation suits," he purred softly.

I snorted, rubbing my eyes before lowering my head to peer at the crowd. Only to see King Kincaid and King Venclaire heading our way, weaving through the tables. Their expressions were guarded, carefully examining us as if we were bugs under microscopes. "Does this place have a back exit?"

"I didn't see one." Of course he would have already looked.

"They were talking about me earlier," I whispered quietly. "Trouble's brewing."

Ezra sipped his coffee again, saying on a mere breath, "They're looking at me the same way as they are you, so it appears we're both in trouble."

"When are we not?"

Ezra snickered quietly and tilted his head as they approached, his position mirroring mine.

The Kings stood in front of our table, both watching us warily.

King Venclaire gestured to the chairs in front of them. "Are these seats taken?"

Ezra and I shook our heads, staying mute. The less we talked meant the faster they left.

Both Kings sat tranquilly on the chairs, even though their eyes darted between us.

King Venclaire murmured, "The rumor mill said you two were here."

Wonderful. It had gotten so bad others were keeping tabs on us.

We shrugged like it was nothing special.

"More specifically," King Kincaid's eyes were watchful, "You were in here not arguing."

Another time we shrugged.

King Kincaid scented the air. "Are you two drunk?"

I was pretty sure we stared in barely masked surprise until we shook our heads.

King Venclaire's gaze went to Ezra's cigarette, then to our eyes. "Stoned?"

This was actually damn funny, but I kept my mouth shut as we shook our heads.

King Kincaid's eyebrows furrowed. "What's going on then?"

King Venclaire's nostrils flared as he relaxed further on his chair, staying silent.

It wouldn't be advantageous to our goal of them leaving as quickly as possible if we played ignorant, so I stated honestly, "We had a discussion. Worked out our issues."

"There may have been a little bloodshed, but," Ezra ashed, "we got it all figured out."

How I kept an innocent mien was beyond me, both of us holding their gazes guiltlessly.

King Kincaid sniffed the air, his face clearing as he sighed, and muttered, "Truth." He smiled. A happy one, which slowly turned malicious. "As ecstatic as we are that there will be no more outbursts from you two, the other Kings and I have decided the both of you need a form of punishment for your recent childish behavior." Ah, here we go. "Both of you will be working in the day care area." My jaw clenched, eyes narrowing. Fucking prick. "Not together, mind you. We wouldn't want you having too much fun." He stood, placing his hands in his pockets, appearing as pleased as Punch. "So every morning one of you will be helping with the," he snickered, "precious little ones."

Ezra and I stayed mute, nodding only once and praying he would walk the f**k away before he came up with any other atrocious form of punishment. He did leave, chuckling as he swept through the tables. Way too cheerful for it to be innocent in nature.

King Venclaire continued sitting where he was, gazing at us.

We stared back, just as mute as him.

A few moments into the silence, he asked Ezra, "Can I have a cigarette?" He smiled, and it was crafty and sinful. "I just came from...talking...with a friend, and I could really use one."

Ezra and I flinched the barest bit, just the tiniest smidge.

King Venclaire noticed. His smile widened even as his eyes narrowed, and he leaned forward to place his elbows on the table, speaking in the barest whisper, "I hope you two remember what I stated before." We stiffened, both of us very much remembering his 'sex talk' and not wanting to ever hear a repeat of it. "This isn't the time, nor will it probably ever be, for anyone to find out what happens behind closed doors." He held our gazes, not moving from his position, nor appearing like he planned to until we gave him some type of confirmation that we weren't complete idiots.

Ezra's chest rose, then he growled, "They won't."

King Venclaire's eyes met mine.

My cheeks flamed bright red under his regard. I couldn't help it; he was my damn biological dad. He had thought we were having sex when we weren't, and it had been more of an annoyance, but this time we were most definitely having wild monkey sex. Mortification flooded my system, my gaze swinging to my lap where I stared avidly. Nodding jerkily, I mumbled, "I understand."

To my surprise, he reached across the table and squeezed one of the hands I had fisted on the table, before standing silently and walking away.

Ezra cleared his throat, asking quietly, "First time being caught?" By a parent, he didn't say aloud. When I nodded, still staring at my lap, trying to collect myself, he chuckled. "I'll get you some ice-cream." A pause as he stood. "And maybe a drink?"

"A big one," I grumbled, rolling my head around on my shoulders. "Of both."

Flicking his lighter repeatedly as I waited for his return, staring at its flame, my hand shot out across his empty seat. "It's taken."

A rumble, deep and gravelly, sounded. "I didn't think you were paying attention."

I smiled, flicking the flame again, not removing my hand from the seat. "You smell of your animal, Elder Merrick."

Elder Jacobs's merriment was light as it sounded from the front of our table. "Shut down." He continued snickering. "I bet you thought she would bow down to you."

Glancing up at them, I saw Elder Merrick bare his teeth at Elder Jacobs, but his eyes found mine quickly. "Ignore the Elemental ass**le. He finally got laid, so he's in rare spirits." His hand rested on top of mine where I held the chair, even as Elder Jacobs laughed heartily, not arguing and pretty much proving Elder Merrick's words true. "Are you sure this seat's taken?"

His gaze didn't waver. Yes, he was handsome. Extremely so. But I wasn't disrespectful enough to give another man Ezra's seat. "Yes, I'm sure." My eyes darted to his hand over mine, and back to his eyes, which I would normally find captivating if I wasn't completely sated. "Do you mind?"

Antonio walked to our table as we continued our silent staring match. Elder Merrick did not answer me, nor did he remove his hand. Antonio pulled out a chair, muttering, "There's a seat right here, Merrick."

Elder Merrick leaned down, nostrils flaring as he scented me. "I want this one."

My lips quirked. Not many ignored Antonio. He had balls, that was for sure. "As I've already explained, it's taken."

"By whom?" Cahal's voice startled me from behind, but I didn't glance away.

"By me," Ezra stated calmly, also from behind me. He moved around the table and set a double shot of tequila, a beer, another cup of coffee, and a large cup of ice-cream on the table in front of our seats. Ezra leaned a hip against the table, directly next to us, as Elder Merrick's body blocked his seat, and in the meanwhile, Elder Merrick and I continued our battle of wills. "I believe she's told you the seat's taken three times now." He hooked a boot on the chair Antonio had pulled out and tugged over, making it squeak on the black floor obscenely. "Or possibly, with your old age, you have a problem with your hearing?"

Elder Merrick's lips curved. "I may be older than you, baby Zeller, but everything still works," his grin grew, his striking gaze heating on mine, "just fine."

My jaw clenched. I knew Ezra wasn't going to like the name-calling.

Ezra didn't disappoint, his chuckle sounding roughly. "Only one person calls me baby. It sure as f**k isn't you," he tilted, his face hovering directly next to Elder Merrick's ear, "and it sure as hell isn't in that context." A quiet Vampire growl. "Now, get the f**k out of my way."

Elder Merrick stiffened at the blatant order.

"Yes, please do." I grinned. It was more of a baring of teeth. "My ice-cream's melting." I flittered a hand between us. "We could keep this up all night, you and me, since we're both obviously strong, but honestly, I want my damn ice-cream too much."

Elder Merrick smiled, mimicking mine, showing his teeth. "We wouldn't want your treat to go to waste." He and I blinked at the same time, turning our attention away from each other and mutually stopping our staring contest. I grabbed my ice-cream while he lifted and straightened as Ezra did, so that they were damn near nose to nose, since they were of the same height.

Elder Merrick smiled again. The same smile. "Don't ever give me an order again," he growled, "baby Zeller, or I won't give a shit that I respect your dad, and I'll kick your f**king ass."

Ezra grinned, his fangs extended. "I'd like to see you try, old man."

Antonio sighed heavily, sitting on a chair. "Cahal, do something about your son." He flicked a hand at me. "At least mine diffused the situation." Another hand flick, this time at Ezra. "Yours is only escalating it."

Cahal merely grunted, also sitting down at our table.

Elder Merrick's gaze flew to Antonio - away from Ezra. "Yours?"

"I raised her," Antonio stated evenly.

Yanking my hand out from under Elder Merrick's, I patted the seat. "Seat's free, Ezra."

Ezra's eyes narrowed as he continued grinning. "Elder Merrick, you're in my way."

"Ezra," his dad stated gruffly, obviously tired of his son's antics. "That's enough."

Elder Merrick still watched Antonio. "That's where you disappeared to."

"Something like that," Antonio murmured, taking a drink of his beer and running a hand through his hair. He nodded to the seat both he and Ezra had motioned for him to sit on. "You may want to take a seat before the Vampire you're ignoring helps you onto it."

Amazingly, Elder Merrick grunted and then moved, sitting on the proffered chair as Ezra slipped back onto his seat and tossed his boots onto the table right in front of Elder Merrick. I suppressed a chuckle. Ezra rarely had to exert any pressure to get people to do as he wished, so more than likely he was enjoying this little battle he kept egging on. Taking my spoon, I dug into my slightly melted ice-cream as Ezra sipped from his beer. Elder Jacobs, also sitting at our table, occupied the last remaining seat.

Antonio flicked a finger against Ezra's boots, which Ezra didn't remove from the table, and said, "We heard you two were in here," he eyed us, "getting along."

I chuckled around a mouthful of ice-cream - Ezra had picked strawberry and it was quickly vanishing - while firmly keeping my gaze away from Cahal. "We already had this conversation with the Kings." I pointed my spoon at Antonio. "Did you have anything to do with our punishment?"

Antonio smiled. It was of pure mischief. "I may have put a bug in their ear."

Ezra scowled, taking a swill of his beer. "I swear to God, I'll never have a f**king brat."

"Amen," I muttered, then gave Antonio a fed up glance. "For someone who just loves children, you sure know how to push others away from them."

Cahal snorted, glancing to Antonio. "You love children?"

"Currently? One," Antonio retorted in a clipped tone. "Lily."

I rolled my eyes. "You love to torture me." I set my bowl aside, done wolfing my sweet.

"That too." He grinned as only a dad could.

Cahal blinked, then asked, "What did you tell the Kings?"

Antonio snickered, watching us. "They'll be on babysitting duty."

"Again," Ezra grumbled, handing me his beer when I slammed the shot and started coughing. After taking a few swigs from it, I gave it back, pounding on my chest from the burn. Finishing most of his beer off, Ezra glared at Antonio over its edge. "Don't you think we've had enough of that?"

They stared. At us. Oddly silent.

Antonio quickly cleared his throat. "No, I don't." Once more, Antonio cleared his throat, harder this time, cocking his head, staring at me with an expression I couldn't quite read, but I knew he was trying to communicate something.

They still stared.

I yawned. "What?" I wiped my mouth, wondering if I had dried ice-cream on my chin.

"Jesus," Ezra grumbled, setting the almost empty beer down and picking up his coffee, glaring with tired eyes at the other occupants of our table. "What the hell did we do now?"

Cahal reclined on his chair, crossing his arms lazily. "You have no clue?"

Ezra's eyebrows puckered, obviously as lost as I was. "Would you care to enlighten us?"

Cahal's gaze flicked back and forth between us. "No, I don't believe so."

"Then quit staring," Ezra muttered, gesturing at everyone at the table with his coffee mug. "It's rude." Still they examined us, their heads cocking, except for Antonio's, but he just appeared exasperated. "Why are you all sitting here?"

"Ah yes," Antonio stated loudly. "We wanted to discuss your combat training."

Ezra sipped his coffee with a raised eyebrow, then yawned. "She and I train together."

I rested an elbow on the table, my cheek on my hand. My tired gaze met Ezra's. "Or, at least, we did before we got here."

Ezra grunted. "We should start again."

I nodded, feeling sleepy and ready for a nap. "If we could find a place suitable."

Antonio tapped the table with his beer. "I believe I was speaking."

We both blinked at him.

"Are you two stoned?" Elder Jacobs asked, gesturing to the many empty plates and drinks. "You two ate enough for six people, appear as if you're about to pass out, and not to mention..." He eyed us, before glancing to Antonio and Cahal. "Or are they always like this?"

Ezra stated dryly, "You're the second person to ask us that within a half-hour, and the answer is still 'no'." His head cocked as our eyes met, and we chuckled, then he nodded to Elder Jacobs. "Though, yes, to the second question."

With drowsy motions, we fist-bumped.

Antonio muttered under his breath something I was sure was uncomplimentary, then asked loudly, "I realize it's hard for you two to stay focused, but could you try to pay attention to the adult for a moment?"

I glanced at Ezra. "We focus just fine, don't you think?"

"Definitely." Another sip of his coffee, his lids drooping lazily. "Except for school."

I hummed, my eyes blinking slowly. "Or with the brats."

He rested his head back. "Or the rules." His eyes shut, a tiny smile playing on his lips.

My eyelids closed. "Unless they're our own."

Ezra grunted, sounding half purr.

Quiet.

Tranquil slumber, coaxing and exquisite, was starting to take me under when I heard a masculine voice, sounding incredulous, ask, "Did they just fall asleep?"

My head fell off my hand, and I jolted back on my chair just as Ezra cursed, lurching when his coffee spilt on his leg. I blinked blurrily at Ezra while he yawned, showing his pearly whites and placing his coffee on the table, then I turned my attention to Antonio. Rubbing my eyes, I asked, "Were you saying something?"

"Jesus Christ." I recognized that voice as the one from a moment ago. Elder Jacobs. He swung a finger at the two of us. "They need to be drug tested before they spar with anyone."

I lifted my Coke from the table, but realized it was empty and set it down with a sigh. I needed caffeine to stay awake for this. Elder Merrick held his Coke out to me, but I shook my head. "No, thanks." Who knew how much backwash he left in the thing. I lifted Ezra's coffee and sipped at it, my nose crinkling. Glancing at him, I muttered, "This shit is awful."

"It's black," Ezra rumbled, settling back again after drying his pants. "It doesn't have cream and sugar like you prefer." I took another swill, only handing it to him when he grumbled, "Don't drink it all."

I stifled a yawn, watching him drink it, and then glanced where the line was for another Coke. Nope, too lazy right now for that. I sat back, rolling my shoulders and shaking my head a few times, trying to wake up. I lifted my arm to Ezra, mumbling, "Pinch me."

He did. Kind of.

"Ow, goddamn it!" I shrieked, my eyes flying open as I held my injured arm. "I said pinch, not twist off a chunk of my flesh!" I pinched his easily accessible leg in retaliation, making him shout and glare. Pointing at his quickly receding drink, I whined, "I don't want to get up and stand in," my uninjured arm waved vaguely, "that. Give me some more."

"You just hurt my damn leg," Ezra griped, still rubbing it. "Now, you want my drink?"

My hand hovered in front of his face, over his cup. "Please."

"No." He took another sip, glaring and swatting at my hand.

I paused. "I'm sorry."

"For?"

"Your leg."

"Thank you," he mumbled, sounding pleased, and handed me his cup.

I groaned, and swigged heavily of his nasty brew. Licking the edges of my mouth, I set the cup down and rested my head on my hand again. My eyes started to close as Ezra's head tipped back on his chair. "Didn't help."

"Nope," he groaned.

I heard a light snore from him, my own breathing evening out, and again, like a bad habit, I heard a voice mutter, "My God, maybe we should have a full cranial scan run on them while we're at it."

My head jerked, and yet again, I lurched, sitting straight on my chair. I squinted foggy eyes across the table. Squinted more, waiting for them to focus. I had...forgotten...about the Elders in my post-sated haze.

Elder Merrick was chuckling silently.

Elder Jacobs was staring at us like we belonged in a mental institution.

Cahal had an elbow on the table, his chin on his hand and a portion of his fingers covering his mouth, as he avidly watched.

Antonio was rubbing his temples, glowering.

"Sorry 'bout that." I yawned, rubbing my eyes before shaking Ezra's leg since he was still snoring, his mouth slightly parted and his face toward the ceiling. "Ezra, wake up. I think they were saying something."

He groaned softly.

More shaking. "Ezra, wake up." Hell, I wasn't awake enough to wake someone else.

"Sweetheart, go back to sleep," he grumbled. "You wore my ass out."

I stilled for a moment, coming fully awake, and then slapped his face with a bit too much force, but I needed to wake his ass up before he said anything too damning. He jerked, his green eyes flying wide open, and I muttered, "Stay awake." I pointed between me and him, glancing to everyone at the table. "He meant we had a fight earlier. Worked out our issues." I flicked a glance to the next table over - Shifters - who were gawking, since they had seen me slap Ezra. Pointing at a younger individual, I ordered, "I want two coffees. One black, the other with plenty of cream and sugar." A glance at the beverage area, then back to her. "Cut in line."

She jumped from her chair, nodding, and scurried off to do as told.

Ezra glanced at me from under hooded lids, rubbing the back of his neck.

I turned from him, staring directly at Antonio. "What were you saying?"

"That I wish for a bullet. To my brain," he muttered, continuing to rub his temples.

Elder Merrick was wiping tears from his eyes from his silent mirth. "That was f**king extraordinary." He turned his watering gaze to Cahal and Antonio, and started busting up again as he stared. "I hope like hell I don't have kids like them."

"Possibly ADD," Elder Jacobs stated, sounding thoughtful. He nodded. "It has got to be."

"Shoot me. Please," Antonio muttered under his breath.

"What fight earlier?" Cahal probed, his concentrated scrutiny still honed on us.

I blinked, then quickly evaded his question, muttering, "Ezra and I get along, talk to one another. Yet you're making fun of us, when the four of you just had four separate conversations, and I bet none of you even heard what the others said." I jerked my head at Ezra. "At least he listens to me, and I listen to him."

Still with his chin on his hand, Cahal nodded absently to Antonio. "He wants a bullet through his head for having to deal with you two, which I don't blame him for since he's had to do it far longer than the three of us." He paused, eyes on Ezra's. "What fight earlier?"

"Hmm?" Ezra grabbed a coffee when the Shifter set them down in front of us. He sipped, his nose crinkled, and he handed it to me, lifting the other one. His eyes danced to me as he took a drink, then to his dad. "What are you talking about?"

Cahal drummed his fingers on his chin. "You were asleep, and you said...," he glanced to Antonio, "what was it exactly?"

Antonio simply growled.

Elder Merrick murmured, "I believe he stated that she wore his ass out." He sipped from his Coke, watching me as I took a drink from my coffee.

"Ah, yes." Cahal nodded, his eyes back to his son. "Ms Ruckler said it was in reference to a fight you had earlier. So again, what fight?"

Ezra recovered fast enough, hearing of his major oops, to state dryly, "Obviously, the one we had earlier. Fists, kicking, teeth, the whole shebang as we worked through our issues." He turned his gaze on Antonio. "Other than a bullet needed, what were you saying?"

Cahal held up a hand, and peered toward Elder Merrick.

Elder Merrick drank from his Coke, and then smiled. "He told truth." His arresting gaze met mine briefly when Ezra's dad glanced away.

I knew right then he had caught me in a lie somewhere. Altering my attention to Antonio, I quickly went through what I had said, but nothing sprung out as too awful. Plus, he had to have one hell of a nose to be scenting truths, lies, and partial truths at all times. I actually had to concentrate in order to do it.

Antonio asked sharply, "Lil, are you listening?"

I jerked. "Yep." No clue what he had said before, but I was listening now.

Elder Merrick laughed while rubbing his face, his chuckle heard this time, sounding jagged.

Ezra glared. "Do you mind? We're tired, and you're not helping the situation."

"From the fight?" Elder Merrick prompted.

Ezra grunted, letting that be his answer, since he was smart enough not to answer.

Antonio held his hands up when Elder Merrick began to say something else. "Okay, I'm going to say it quickly, so," he growled, thumping his fist on the table, "listen the f**k up." He pointed at me. "Lil, you're going to be training with Elder Merrick on the days you're not babysitting, learning to use more of your strength." Both Ezra and I stiffened at the news, and we both opened our mouths - surely to argue - but Antonio thumped his fist on the table again.

"Shut. Up." We both still tried to speak, and he hollered, "Ezra, you're going to start sparring with Vampires on your level of experience when you're not babysitting." He stood, slamming his hands on the table. "This is not a f**king request. Get that through your damn skulls." He growled, his eyes glowing as we glared. "Do you understand?"

Yes, we understood. It was a f**king order made by Elder Farrar in the middle of a packed dining hall. Inhaling sharply, I turned my head away from him. He had never acted this way with me before. Never purposely embarrassed me, anyway. I barely withheld the childish temper tantrum of tears that wanted to erupt.

"Answer me, dammit," he shouted. He made an odd noise in his throat and leaned down, whispering so damn quietly I barely heard him, "Or, I swear to f**king God, I will dump each of you in separate parts of the world without a f**king decent memory."

My breath caught, and I jolted seeing his glowing hands come our way.

Ezra's back, and mine, slammed against the back of our chairs, staying as far away from him as we possibly could. We both knew he could do exactly as he had threatened. I nodded, same as Ezra, both of us mumbling our assent as true hate and brutal fear for the man I loved filled me, who had raised me as his own.

Antonio stopped glowing, and he straightened, running a hand over his face. His golden gaze met my blue, wide one. Into the silence, which had descended on the entire dining hall, he murmured quietly, "Hate me all you wish." He swallowed hard, gaze lowering. "Everyone who knows me does at some point." He stalked away, chairs squeaking in all occupants' haste to give him space.

My body was trembling watching him leave. Setting my coffee aside with a shaking hand, I cleared my throat and raised on what felt like wobbly legs to stand next to Ezra, who was already on his feet, the man I had almost lost mere moments ago. I glanced to Elder Merrick, and my voice shook slightly. "Just call my room. We can set up a time for training."

He nodded once, his lips pinched.

Ezra rumbled quietly, "Let's go."

"Yeah," I whispered, wanting nothing more than to hug not only him, but also Pearl and Jack, and tell them how much I loved them. "Let's go."

A hard and repetitive knocking at the door woke us.

I wasn't sure how long the person had been banging for, but Ezra's head snapped up from my shoulder at the racket. He blinked sleepily, as if he didn't know what had woken him. His eyes found mine, and they stilled, a slow smile crossing his features.

The knocking came again.

I chuckled at his startled expression, and pointed up at the wall where he couldn't see, positioned as he was. "It's for you." I rolled and saw we had only been napping for an hour since we had hightailed it from the dining hall. Pulling the blanket over my shoulders, I muttered, "It may be your dad on the hunt, since he was trying to catch us slipping at lunch."

Again, the thumping sounded.

"Shit," he muttered, quickly pulling away from me, scooting backward off the bed...and falling straight on his ass when he landed on the headboard, no longer in its correct place.

Appropriately, I slapped a hand over my mouth to keep from laughing aloud.

I heard a rumbled curse, then the headboard creaked and he popped up at the end of the bed. He grabbed his shirt he had removed, yanking it over his head as he maneuvered his way through the debris of our earlier bout. The pounding came again, and Ezra picked up his pace, running his hands through his bed hair before opening the door.

Jack burst past him, muttering, "It's about damn time! I lost my key..." His tirade waned to an inaudible whisper, his brown eyes darting from place to place as Ezra and I both froze. We hadn't planned to hide it from Jack and Pearl, but we had hoped to find them after our nap and explain before they saw the mess our first joining had created. Ever so gradually, I saw it cross his features: awareness for what had transpired, as he viewed Ezra, and then me. "Well," he cracked his neck, "I wondered when this would finally happen."

I stayed mute, a bit confused.

His gaze flew to Ezra's. "You really need to work at being more discreet when checking out her backside and br**sts when she's not looking." He flung one of his hands my way at Ezra's shocked expression. "Just because she's not watching you," his hand waved about, "doesn't mean other people aren't." He snorted. "Covert, you are not, when you're ogling her ass and tits."

Ezra's cheeks instantly flushed.

I stared in wonder at the sight.

Jack snickered, patting his best friend's shoulder. "Don't worry. You were much more discreet in public. It was only obvious when you were with the three of us." He smacked Ezra's shoulder once more, a bit rougher, then began trekking through the debris, mumbling, "Pearl will at least have something to clean up now."

He stepped onto the headboard, making it groan, and rifled through a few items on the floor before standing with a digital camera in hand. He glanced about our room, shaking his head as he stepped over and back through the debris, his brown eyes meeting Ezra's now hooded gaze. "Took on the wolf, did you?"

My cheeks blushed this time, but Ezra and Jack weren't looking my way, thank goodness.

With a hooded gaze and pink cheeks, Ezra still managed a carnal smirk. "Yes."

Jack chuckled, saying, "I'll let Pearl know of the new development." He paused, glancing at us with his hand on the doorknob. "Do we need to get separate beds now?"

Both Ezra and I stated, "No." It wasn't that type of relationship.

"Alright." Jack nodded, not batting an eye. "I'll be back later." He paused with the door open. "You know, I heard the most interesting rumors about you two while I was out." He gestured to the mess. "Makes sense now." He stepped out of our suite, closing the door quietly behind him.

Ezra stared at the closed door while I gazed at the back of his head.

I probed teasingly, "Checking me out, huh?" Ezra slowly turned his attention toward me, his flush staying bright. "Well, I'll just have to return the favor."

He grinned, arching an eyebrow. "I'll give you the opportunity." He began prowling toward me, deliberately moving unhurriedly as he lifted his shirt over his head, all of his delicious muscles rippling with the action. "But I'm too f**king tired to do anything else but let you look right now."

"Sounds like a plan," I murmured, my eyes definitely devouring his flesh as I lifted the blanket for him to get back into bed. "Sleep, dinner, then sex."

His Vampire growled softly as he climbed in next to me. "I love the way you think."

Chapter Eight

It is extraordinary what phenomenal sex does to a person. Pearl and Jack hadn't returned until the wee hours of the morning, which meant Ezra and I had the whole afternoon and evening to ourselves. We had very much taken advantage of the situation. Pearl had been quiet about the fact Ezra and I had broken our friendship pact, but had seemed pleased with the destroyed state of our bedroom, quickly going about fixing items, since she had gotten the hang of it throughout the past week. Jack, on the other hand, had requested only that we change the shredded sheets once the mattress and headboard were fixed.

Ezra and I were both still in fine spirits a week later. Other than the few hours we were away from each other of a morning with either our punishment in the day care area or sparring with the Elders, we spent our time holed up together in our room, enjoying one another, or with Pearl and Jack, trying to keep their minds occupied from their loss. One was incredible, while the other was mentally daunting.

We were now following Jack and Pearl, letting them stumble about in their half dazes, wherever they wished to go. We had spent a few hours in the bar, so we were all a bit tipsy, which helped the outing some. Currently, we appeared to be heading toward the pools.

I held up a finger. "You do realize we don't have bathing suits."

Jack snorted. "Clothing's optional in half the area." He stretched his arms over his head, listing to the side. "A sauna's all I can handle right now, anyway."

Pearl nodded. "Sounds fabulous." Her voice held the right tone, but her eyes were still void. "We'll have to grab more drinks afterward, if we sweat the alcohol out of our system."

Jack shrugged. "Works for me."

My eyebrows lifted in Ezra's direction. "Alcohol, naked sauna, then more alcohol. Sounds like a frat party verging on an orgy."

Ezra grunted, taking a drag from his cigarette. "I'm all for the alcohol and bare skin, but my sexual needs are currently being met," his grin was sensual, "so no orgies this time."

Jack waved a hand. "Didn't need to know that, man."

Ezra shrugged, lagging behind. "Just saying." I could feel his gaze on my ass. "Jack, buddy, I also gotta say they'll be met again tonight." A little growl sounded behind me.

I glanced back, even as Jack and Pearl groaned in exasperation, wavering a little on my feet. We were closing in on the pool area, so I gave Ezra a look telling him to cut it out. Well, at least, I did after I lifted my eyebrows, letting him know I was game. Very, oh, so very willing.

Making our way through the main pool area, all four of us ignored the few who tried to grab our attention, beelining straight to the sauna and hot tub areas. We were shit out of luck because all the saunas were taken. So we grabbed towels from a nearby table and started peeking in the rooms with the hot tubs, going for the next best thing. Definite chuckles issued from all four of us at the occupants' blatant activities.

Until we came to a room where I froze just inside the doorway. My stomach actually churned as I saw a striking Vampire straddling...King Venclaire. My biological dad. They both appeared to be naked, their mouths stuck together. Like, I really shouldn't see him kissing a woman. Nor should I see his hands gliding up her back while she moved up and down on him, doing God knows what under the water.

Thank God for the f**king water.

A tiny squeak made its way past my lips as I cringed and quickly back-pedaled, only to slam against Pearl who was squinting into the room, trying to see past the steam to who was inside.

Ezra muttered, "Oh, damn." He also started quickly retreating, but my biological dad's head snapped around to us. Pearl gasped, apparently seeing who it was, while Jack snickered quietly, but he quickly cleared his throat when Ezra elbowed him in the stomach. My hand was over my mouth, embarrassment flooding my system, but I was also grossed the hell out, the alcohol not sitting so well anymore in my stomach.

My biological dad leaned, covering the woman's upper attributes, shouting, "Out!"

I squeaked again, turning and shoving everyone - yes, with some Shifter strength - the hell out of the room. I kept pushing them clear down the hallway to the farthest room with a hot tub. It was blessedly empty. Pointing a slightly shaking finger at their carefully blank faces, I muttered, "Not a goddamn word about that," my shoulders hunched, "scene. Understand?" Kids weren't supposed to see that shit.

Dutifully, they nodded.

Turning my back to them, I started stripping down, and immediately felt heat at my back. Ezra's palms landed on my hips, his grip tight. My hands stalled behind my back at my bra's clasp, trapped between our bodies.

Quietly, he asked against my ear, "What happened to being modest?"

I shrugged. "It's just you three. You've all seen me naked before."

A pause, then he grunted, releasing my hips. But he didn't exactly move away, feeling him undress behind me. I withheld the snicker as he blocked me from their view, even though they were both turned away, giving each of us a semblance of privacy. I was most definitely still modest, but Vampires were even more so.

Moving to slip into the water, I kept my head down, not glancing in Jack's and Pearl's direction. Not that I really could with the huge Vampire directly next to me the whole way. I sighed as the heated water glided over my bare skin.

And was instantly dunked.

Ezra's lips were on mine as he took us under the water, his tongue thrusting inside my mouth. He pulled me flush against him, his arm tight around my waist with his other hand on the back of my head. Surprised or not, I held my breath, giving him as good as he gave by grabbing his hair and rubbing my tongue against his. Even under the water I heard his predator growl, the noise muffled as his chest vibrated against mine. I was wrapped around him tight, legs around his waist, when my lungs started to seize for air.

Nipping his lip, I tapped his shoulder. He quickly brought our heads above the water, mouths separated. Gulping air, I wiped the water from my eyes, seeing Jack and Pearl already in, water up to their shoulders.

Jack grumbled, "Seriously? After everything we just walked in on?"

Ezra grinned, showing a little fang. "You can't see shit under the water."

Pearl flicked her finger at us. "Not with us in here." She shuddered.

"Thank God the water was dark," I murmured, hardly hearing her as a quick visual of my biological dad...ugh...nope, not going there. Ezra gently pulled me to the side, placing me directly next to him on the rock bench and pulling my legs over his thigh, one of his arms around my waist. "Next time, we need to tell him to keep it behind closed doors."

His fingers trailed up and down my leg. "I thought you didn't want to talk about it?"

I held my hands up out of the water in a stopping gesture. "You're right. Never mind."

Jack said lazily, "If I see this water rippling more than it should be right now, I'll freeze your half." His lips lifted in the barest smile as his head fell back in relaxation.

Ezra and I both chuckled, even as I grabbed his hand, which was beginning to wander up to my breast. I tugged it back down to my leg, hearing him sigh softly, his head also falling back, but more in defeat. I agreed with Pearl and Jack. No funny business while they were in here.

Pearl went under and resurfaced to brush hair out of her face, saying abruptly, "I miss him."

Instantly, I whispered, "I know."

"How do you two do it?" Jack asked, his eyes blinking open to stare at the ceiling. "How did you get past it?"

Ezra cleared his throat, speaking slowly. "It's not that you get past it..." He sighed. "I'm not really the best person to ask this, because I went crazy for a little while when Felicia died, but for me...time and the friendship of you three have helped immensely. The pain isn't so agonizing anymore. I loved Felicia, but she's not coming back. I choose to live in the now, with hopes of a possible future - when I'm ready - rather than in the past."

Pearl dunked herself again, which I realized was her washing away her silent tears.

"He explained it perfectly," I murmured quietly, my own head resting against the rock floor, arching my neck over the tub's edge. "That's what helped me. Time and friendship." I shook my head against the floor, stating bluntly, "There's no easy fix to the pain of losing a mate."

"Sometimes I wonder why we even have them," Pearl whispered, her voice cracking. She cleared her throat. "I mean, why do that to someone when it hurts so badly when they're gone?"

"The magic," Jack murmured, grabbing Pearl's hand as she brushed her hair back, both their entwined hands falling under the water. "We live so long, it's supposed to be a gift to us, finding the one perfect person to live our life with."

"I've never heard it put that way before." Ezra tilted his head, eyeing Jack. "It makes sense, though."

I blinked up at the ceiling. "I see the world through a crack."

Pearl asked slowly, "Meaning?"

"I mean, I see the possibilities of a future after losing a mate. A truly happy one with another partner. Full of love and kindness and normal fights. At first, after Dominic died, I didn't see that. All I saw was gray, a life I had to walk through. But now, through the crack, I see a world full of colors, a life I would love to walk through, not one I have to."

"What's stopping you?" Jack's eyes were avid on me.

Ezra grunted. "The rest of the wall."

I nodded, my head bumping his shoulder. "Exactly."

Ezra stared at Jack and Pearl. "Once you get to where she's talking about, which is exactly where I am too, you'll see that f**king crack is so damn tiny compared to the rest of the damn wall."

Pearl's head cocked. "The wall is fear?"

Ezra nodded, but said, "Yes, but that's not what you feel at first."

"Disbelief," I stated, not agreeing with Ezra completely on this one because I felt no fear.

He rubbed the back of his neck. "Then shock."

I nodded this time. "Then a sort of void."

He murmured, "A big dose of wariness comes next."

Ezra glanced at me when I stayed mute.

I shook my head. "I don't know what comes after that." Wariness was where I was currently at, the feeling fairly new to my system.

Ezra blinked, staring. "Ah." He turned his attention to Jack and Pearl. "Hope and fear come next, hard enough to cripple you." We stared at him, waiting for more. He had been longer without his mate than any of us. Farther along in the grieving process. He shrugged lightly, stating, "I don't know what comes afterward. I haven't gotten there yet."

Pearl's eyebrows puckered. "If you don't know, then how do you know for a fact you can cross over to this mysterious colorful life?"

I gauged Pearl and Jack, remembering how I had felt in their shoes, and answered for Ezra. "Because it's not just a possibility, it's reality." When they only stared, I continued explaining the best way I knew how. "The Coms don't have mates, and although their marriages end in divorce too many times to count, plenty don't. Instead, their marriages are long and full of love and children, and yes, full of normal everyday problems. It's not perfect, but life isn't." I shrugged. "Really, the two imperfections - their normal marriages and life - only make them stronger."

Still, Pearl and Jack stared.

Ezra sighed, tilting his head to murmur against my wet hair, "The Com reference only confused them, since they have never lived among the Commoners, even if it was fairly apt." He pressed a kiss to my head, and then turned his attention to Jack and Pearl. "Do you think all of those families we passed by to get back here - including those with children - are mated pairs?"

The eyebrows of each came together.

"They're not," Ezra clarified gently. "And they are still happily married and were living wonderful, full lives before the attacks."

"Huh." Jack's head tilted, his eyes staring off at nothing. "But, there's a wall."

It wasn't a question, but Ezra and I nodded.

"I can't see it yet." Pearl's head dropped back, staring at the ceiling.

"Me, either." Jack cleared his throat. "They said time and friendship first."

Again, Ezra and I nodded.

"And beer," Jack stated, his head dropping back. "Lots of beer."

"That too," Ezra rumbled. "And once you're ready...sex." Smiling slowly, his hand cupped one of my br**sts under the water, holding firmly even when I grabbed his wrist. "Lots of hot sex."

"Ezra," I whispered in reprimand, my body jolting when he pinched my nipple.

His grin only increased. "Hold your breath, sweetheart."

"No, Ezra." My eyes narrowed, placing stopping hands on his shoulders. Still didn't help. I barely got in enough breath before he took me under the water, his mouth and hands in places they most definitely shouldn't be with Pearl and Jack in the tub with us.

My God, did it feel wonderful.

Chapter Nine

While Ezra's and my sexual experience only ramped up during the next two weeks - both of us thoroughly enjoying each other so much we didn't even spare a glance for another partner - still going strong for a total of three weeks straight, today Jack and Pearl finally seemed caged in, noticing their surroundings more, so Ezra and I decided they could both use some time sparring to exert their pent-up energy.

Strolling down to the lower levels, we merely had to follow the sounds of fighting to know the fighting/training arena was going to be packed. Moving quietly through the large, wooden gold doors, we studied the massive expanse for free space. How we hadn't originally known it was here was a bit ridiculous, as if we'd had blinders on. The multi-leveled black floor was covered in enormous blue mats where different Mys factions practiced. To the left and right there were metal bleachers extending up to the point where the black ceiling began to curve. Golden sparks lit the entire place, floating far above in midair.

"Whoa," Jack murmured, taking another step into the room. "This is amazing."

Yeah, it was, especially the Elemental section where they commonly used their element during their sparring.

Pearl appeared nervous. "I'm not sure about this." She was staring with wide eyes.

Jack glanced her way, nodding at an area where Mysticals of different factions were boxing. "Want to practice with me first? Work the kinks out?"

She nodded instantly, beginning to stretch her arms. "Yeah, I'm afraid I'm bloody rusty after a month of doing nothing."

Jack jerked his head to the mats, actually gracing us with one of his, as of late, rare smiles. "Let's do it then."

Ezra and I watched them wander over to the intermingled Mystical mat, Pearl looking very timid and Jack acting almost as a protector the way he angled his body between her and the others. Ezra chuckled quietly, murmuring, "This could be good for both of them." When I nodded in agreement, he asked, "Still not feeling well?"

I rubbed at the small of my back, groaning. "Yeah, I have..." I cleared my throat. "Well, it's a girl issue."

A slow grin began etching his features, his stance almost as if he were going to pounce.

I knew what he was thinking. Vampires didn't have to wait while their women were on their period. In fact, they enjoyed it when they were. Rolling my eyes, I waved my hand toward the Vampire area. "Go beat someone up."

His chuckle rumbled, sounding intimate and full of possibilities. "If I have to."

"You do," I whispered, seeing King Kincaid talking with Elder Merrick and waving me down. "The King's beckoning me."

"I'll take kicking someone's ass over that any day." Ezra smiled, walking behind me, his fingers trailing softly against my skin between my sports bra and my shorts. "Plus, I'm sure Elder Merrick wants another crack at you." He raised an eyebrow before strolling away in his black mesh pants, his bare upper half showing all his beautiful muscles under the golden lighting.

Quickly, I jerked my head away, not wanting to be caught ogling, and began making my way to King Kincaid and Elder Merrick. Ezra was probably right. Elder Merrick had been instructing me every other day while hitting on me. Figuratively and nonfiguratively. He had figured out I had the knack for swords and guns, so he had sidestepped those and focused mainly on hand-to-hand combat - my weakness - and the crossbow, which I was only decent with. All the while making subtle innuendos at the end of our sessions, mainly every day that Ezra would come to meet me, our sparring and babysitting ending right around the same time.

I hadn't missed that key factor, which meant only one thing.

Elder Merrick had caught me in some kind of lie the first day we had met, and possibly knew something was amiss. In his twisted, genius mind - which he definitely had - he was definitely scheming. Whether he kept his assumptions private was beyond me, but Ezra and I never did anything to give him pause, neither of us rising to his bait. But I did believe that if I chose to hop into his bed, he wouldn't be opposed to it, his invitation never a lie. But his attraction for me normally waned when Ezra wasn't around, which I thought interesting in itself.

Rubbing my stomach, I burped quietly before reaching King Kincaid and Elder Merrick. I shouldn't have eaten that fourth chili dog at lunch. "I'm not feeling so hot, so can you make it quick?"

Both appeared puzzled, staring where I had started rubbing my back.

I chuckled and whispered quietly, "Cramps, gentlemen."

Their faces blanked.

God, men were so easy sometimes.

King Kincaid cleared his throat first. "Well, I wanted you to try these out." He turned, bending to open a case, and lifted two swords from inside. "See how they fit your hand. You're so small, I know it's hard to find swords that fit well in your hands."

"Oh." I nodded, lifting them from him. I weighed them inside my palm, giving him my input on the balance and size. They were still too big for me, but better than the ones here we had to use. Just a little smaller and they would be pretty perfect for my petite stature.

"Want to swing them around for a bit?" Elder Merrick asked, picking up two swords from a nearby selection. "Tell him where they could be corrected?"

I agreed, but jerked my head toward the bleachers, asking him quietly, "What's Antonio doing?" Antonio sat between Cahal and Elder Jacobs, but his head was in his hands, and he was staring at the floor, both Elders continuing to eye him between resting from their own workout and watching others spar. He and I hadn't talked since he had threatened Ezra and me, but that didn't mean I didn't notice him when he was around. In fact, I noticed him more now, my emotions vying between want to yell at him and wanting to cry on his shoulder, hoping he would hug me back.

Elder Merrick shook his head. "He came in an hour ago. Beat the living shit out of a few Mages before sitting down like that." His forehead crinkled. "He hasn't moved since."

My own forehead scrunched. That wasn't like him. "Well, let's do this." I swung my swords a few times and glanced one more time at Antonio before settling on a section between the mats for better footing. Cracking my back, I rotated my shoulders while holding the swords as Elder Merrick moved people back so we would have room to move without risking injuring others.

"Are you sure you're fine for this?" Elder Merrick asked quietly, standing in front of me.

"Just because I'm a woman, that doesn't mean I'm a wimp," I muttered, then rotated, coming at him hard, arching one sword down, but blocking with the other, knowing he was as good as me. He grinned, the clanging of our swords joining the rest of the battle sounds of the room. The match was on. He had taught me in the past few weeks to use my strength to avoid being hit, and that was exactly what we both did.

Our jumping and flipping high into the air sometimes felt like flying, but we had to make sure we landed right, or risk breaking bones. That was what I was focused on when I went light-headed during one of our parries in midair. Elder Merrick didn't realize this, and took my distraction as an opportunity as we fell. I managed to arch, evading the zinging blade by a mere inch, but missed avoiding the brutal blow to my shoulder, which he pulled back at the last second, making it the heel of his shaft that hit instead of the slicing edge.

I landed hard on my side, my swords clattering loudly on the ground as they tumbled a few feet from me. Vision still blurry, I shook my head hard. I could tell it was Elder Merrick who stood in front of me, recognizing his shoes, which I saw way too often while lying on the mats during hand-to-hand against him.

He cursed, squatting in front of me. "You're off your game."

I shook my head again, rubbing my forehead. "I don't feel right."

He quickly set his swords down, gently placing his hands under my arms and lifting me slowly to my feet. I wobbled, utterly dizzy, and fell against his chest. Cursing again, he wrapped his arms around me, holding me steady, and shouted, "We need a medic!"

My stomach chose that moment to cramp, ten times worse than before, and I groaned, "Trash can!" I swallowed hard. "I'm gonna puke."

"Shit," he growled, lifting me off my feet and rushing me to the nearest one.

He lowered me, and my face, to it right on time. As I gripped the edges, my stomach clenched, and I heaved what felt like my guts into the thing. The smell didn't help matters, while Elder Merrick grabbed my hair, holding it back as I continued regurgitating every goddamn thing I had eaten today. Which was a shitload, I realized as I saw it make an undignified reappearance.

Elder Merrick and King Kincaid were arguing directly over me.

I could hear general murmurs beginning farther away. I waved a hand as I started dry heaving, choking, "He didn't hit...my stomach."

"I f**king told you," Elder Merrick explained to King Kincaid, growling under his breath, his wolf taking voice. "I only hit her shoulder, and she fell on her side."

"What the f**k is going on?" Ezra's voice boomed through the growing crowd.

"Ezra!" Cahal barked harshly, a warning, from somewhere close to my right.

I wiped my mouth with a damn handkerchief - seriously? - someone handed me, and pushed up...only to fall flat on my ass against the trash can. My vision was spinning, so I placed a bracing hand on the ground, even as Elder Merrick and King Kincaid both grabbed my shoulders to keep me from falling over completely. I blinked hard, trying to focus on King Kincaid's face, finally finding his dark eyes. I repeated myself. "I don't feel right."

"Shh," he hushed me, brushing my hair out of my face in soothing motions. His eyes left mine, darting around the growing crowd before snarling, "Where the f**k is the medic?"

Letting my head fall back on the trash can, I blinked out into the crowd as a Mage pushed through them, yelling for them to move. I saw Jack and Pearl standing a few feet away, their expressions frantic, and Ezra was a few feet from them, his eyes glowing dimly while glaring at Elder Merrick, but his dad had a white-knuckled grip on each of his shoulders, standing behind him. When Cahal had moved from my right, I didn't know.

The Mage medic dropped to her knees in front of me. I had seen her before. She was normally in here for any injuries that could, and usually did, occur. I was pretty sure her name was... "Hey, Lindy."

"Bindi," she murmured, her voice spiced with the South. "Now, what happened?"

"We were sparring. I hit her shoulder in the air, and she went down hard on her left side, then she started throwing up," Elder Merrick stated in a clipped tone. "She said she wasn't feeling well before."

Bindi's hands started glowing, and she placed one on my head. Oddly, it didn't feel like anything. Staring into my eyes, she murmured, "What were you feeling before the match?"

I groaned as my stomach cramped. "I've got cramps." Blinking a few times to keep her in focus, I mumbled for Elder Merrick's benefit, "It wasn't his fault. I got dizzy in the air."

Her lips pinched. "You have a slight fever."

And...the crowd went silent.

Swallowing hard, I mumbled, "I can't have a germ." Germs were the Mystical term for something sexually transmitted by a Com to a Mystical. We didn't catch their diseases, but we did catch a 'germ' of sorts, which gave us Com flu-like symptoms.

"No chance of it?" she asked with a completely blank expression.

"No chance."

"Truth," Elder Merrick mumbled absently.

She kept that same expression. "When was the first day of your last menstrual cycle?"

I snorted. "I'm not pregnant."

"Answer the question, please." One of her glowing hands was roving over my head.

I thought about it, my eyebrows puckering as I counted the weeks silently.

Stalled. Recounted.

Then recounted once more.

My breath caught, my eyes focusing hard on her golden gaze, and I whispered, "Five weeks ago." My heart took off in a wild gallop, complications hitting me hard. I shook my head, denial in every part of my being, because I'd had my tubes tied. "I can't be pregnant."

She nodded, though it appeared only functionary, as Elder Merrick and King Kincaid went stiff on either side of me. Her mouth opened to say something else, but King Kincaid bellowed, "Finn!"

It was so loud my ears rang, and I almost missed Finn saying, "I'm here."

King Kincaid ordered, "Get over here." His growl would have scared most people off, but Finn still moved into our line of sight, kneeling between the Mage medic and King Kincaid. Glowing, dark eyes slammed to him. "Test her for pregnancy."

Finn blinked. "We haven't had sex in three weeks." He was alpha enough to meet King Kincaid's glowing gaze and hold it. "We used condoms." He shook his head, dark hair flying about his head. "Lots of them."

Yes, we had used condoms. I hadn't been able to tell him my tubes were tied because that would have brought up too many questions. I shook my head, mumbling again, "I can't be pregnant." My head was beginning to spin again, but it wasn't from dizziness.

"Truth," Elder Merrick whispered on a breath, eyes darting to mine and away, but no one else seemed to hear him.

The medic shook her head. "Test her. Condoms aren't one hundred percent."

Finn sucked in a rough breath, but nodded when King Kincaid's growl grew louder. He leaned forward, placing his face at my neck. My wide gaze landed for the briefest moment on Ezra. I had to quickly glance away. He had to appear worse than I did right now. His face was pale and drawn, his jaw clenched tight and his arms crossed, a hand over his mouth as he stared at Finn, his eyes still glowing a bit.

Finn exhaled heavily against my throat, not at all as calm as he was pretending to be...then inhaled heavily, pressing his nose against my neck.

Nothing.

He inhaled once more, then leaned back, shaking his head. "If she's pregnant, it's not mine." He would have reacted differently, yanking me away from them while being in full animalistic protection mode.

"Who else?" King Kincaid ignored Finn as he silently moved back, staring hard. "Lily, who else have you slept with?"

"I'm not pregnant," I stated barely above a whisper, my hands starting to tremble.

"Who else?" he ordered, his power starting to rise.

"Don't do this to me," I pled on a breath, and watched his jaw harden. Taking advantage of his moment of silence, my eyes frantically darted to the medic. "Can't you give me a stick to pee on or a blood test to prove I'm not pregnant?"

She blinked. "Standard urine pregnancy tests only work for Commoners." Go figure I wouldn't know that. She cocked her head. "A blood test might prove it, if you're far enough along." Her lips pinched, and she paused for a long moment. "Another, faster way is if a Vampire has tasted your blood and remembers it well enough. If so, the Vampire would be able to distinguish the subtle change."

My vision blurred, even as I stilled.

"Goddamn it, Lily, you will tell me who the father is if you're pregnant." King Kincaid growled low, then his head shot up as he hissed, "Ezra, do you remember her blood well enough to tell if there's a change?"

Sweat beaded on my brow, but I was thankful King Kincaid didn't pull his power on me right here and now. I wasn't sure I would be able to hold him off, feeling as I was. Having people around us know that Ezra had drunk off me, hopefully in their mind only once, was nothing compared to what they would think if they knew I'd had sex with him.

Ignoring the stunned crowd's gasps, Ezra gradually nodded, hand still over his mouth. In all honesty, I wasn't sure anymore if his dad's hands were holding him back or just plain holding him up. King Kincaid motioned for him to get down here, apparently oblivious to the way Ezra looked ready to toss his own cookies.

Ezra's chest rose, but he dropped his hands to his sides and moved forward, his dad hovering behind him as he knelt between Elder Merrick and the medic. Ezra's eyes were directed downward, lids hooding his gaze heavily, and in a guttural tone he murmured, "Your hand, Lily."

Unclenching my fisted hands, I quickly lifted one, hoping no one noticed how it trembled the barest bit. Blinking heavily, I shook my head past another wave of actual dizziness, my stomach churning again as it cramped. His warm - and sweaty - palm lifted mine higher. His grip was firm, and he used his other hand to extend one of my fingers. Lowering his head, I saw his fangs descend right before his lips closed over the tip of my index finger.

He hesitated. I felt it in his heavy breathing. So I moved my finger the tiniest bit and pressed it up against his fang. I didn't flinch as it pierced through my skin. Nor did I flinch when he took one hard pull before gently grazing my finger with the tip of his tongue, pulling my finger from his mouth. He hadn't swallowed, and I watched him as I took my hand back to my lap, fisting them again as he swished my blood inside his mouth, his head still bowed.

He swallowed, lifting his hand and dragging it over his lowered face. "She's pregnant."

All of the air left me at his rasping words.

There was silence for the barest moment - no one moved or even breathed around me - before King Kincaid growled, "Now, Lily. Tell me who the f**k he is."

My body jolted brutally as his command unleashed on me. Groaning, I trembled, my teeth clenching hard. I saw Ezra's head snap up, his eyes flashing furious green. I knew in that moment that it wasn't only Shifters who reacted to pregnancy with an animalistic manner.

"Stop!" the medic shouted, placing a steely grip on King Kincaid's shoulder. I also knew in that instant she was the one who saved King Kincaid's life. He didn't even see Ezra's face because of the way the medic had positioned her body in an attempt to stop him from using his power on me. But...Elder Merrick did. He stayed very still, not making any sudden movements as he watched Ezra. The medic shook King Kincaid's shoulder. "With all due respect, Your Highness, you cannot do this to her right now. She could be miscarrying and you're not helping."

King Kincaid's power cut off abruptly. "Miscarrying?"

Golden hair bobbed. "It's a possibility. I need to get her to an examining room."

Ezra blinked real slow-like, his eyes flying to my stomach, before his dad placed a hand on his shoulder, trying to pull him back, saying, "Son, get back. They'll need to move her."

My head swam again, but I shook my head. "Pregnant?" My head thumped back on the trash can, listing to the side drunkenly.

King Kincaid gripped me like a child, lifting me as he stood. "How much of a possibility?"

"Let's just get her to an examining room," she stated in a clipped tone, turning and shouting at everyone to move out of our way.

My stomach cramped heavily, and I grunted, grabbing at it and turning my head into King Kincaid's neck as we started moving. As soon as they made it through the horde of onlookers, King Kincaid started running, as did the Mage. My watering gaze opened as he raced with me in his arms, and I blinked into spring green. Ezra was right behind us, keeping pace. I could see Elder Merrick next to him, watching him, but he didn't try to stop him, or Cahal, who was behind him, along with Pearl and Jack, whose faces were whiter than ghosts.

Ezra's eyes held mine the entire way, never once glancing away. His gaze held fear and worry and shock, but no condemnation. It was the same as mine. I wasn't supposed to be able to get pregnant.

Yet apparently, I was.

My breath shuddered. A few wayward tears slipped down my cheeks. This wasn't supposed to happen. Pregnancy was supposed to be taken care of.

"Lay her on that bed," the medic stated, sounding winded. We had been on the bottom floor, and were now somewhere near the middle. I wasn't sure how fast we had gotten here, but it seemed as if time had flown by quickly, staring at Ezra. "I'll be back in just a minute."

King Kincaid lowered me onto the medical bed inside the clinic, then turned to everyone who had followed us into the small room, opening his mouth.

Ezra slashed a hand through the air, stopping whatever King Kincaid was to say. "Do. Not. Tell. Us. To. Leave." His Vampire growled, and he started pacing the small area of the room, his muscles bulging under the too-bright golden sparks.

"Elder Zeller, get your son out of here," King Kincaid muttered.

Elder Merrick waved a hand. "Let them all stay." He blinked at King Kincaid's shocked expression. "They'll be ruling together. Possibly during a war. They have a lot riding on this outcome. Not just her."

King Kincaid's eyes were still wide, but he peered down at me. "Lily? It's up to you."

"They're staying," I moaned, rolling on my side as another cramp took hold. "Where the hell did Cindy go?" I didn't like brats, nor did I really want one of my own, by any stretch of the imagination, but if I was pregnant and lost it...I wasn't sure how I would feel.

"Bindi," King Kincaid said absently, glancing left and right for her.

Ezra bumped him out of the way, leaning over the bed to pull a blanket over me. He pulled a chair over with his foot to sit directly next to the bed, his face aligned with mine. King Kincaid stared as if Ezra had lost his mind, but Ezra only thumped his thumbs on the bed in an urgent rhythm, eyes darting to where Bindi had rushed off to. He cleared his throat, his eyes going far over my head, then back to the door she had left through. "King Venclaire, can you check on the medic and hurry her ass up?"

I blinked, rubbing my forehead, not even realizing King Venclaire had come here. I hadn't even known he was in the fighting arena. Maybe he hadn't been, and had only seen everyone running up the walkway. I was too out of it to notice much right now except for Ezra's chest rising and falling way too quickly.

"I can hear her," King Venclaire said softly, his voice strained. "She's coming."

King Kincaid finally sputtered, "Ezra, get the hell away from her."

"Fuck off," Ezra muttered absently, straightening in his chair to peer out the door better.

King Kincaid's eyes flashed, but I could tell that Bindi must have come through the door behind me by the way everyone became silent inside the room. I heard her clear her throat, followed by Elder Merrick saying calmly, "Everyone's staying."

"Alright," she mumbled quietly. "Then everyone can get the hell out of my way so I can work properly." I heard shoes scuffing on the ground, then she said politely, "Thank you." She came into view at the end of the bed, lifting the blanket off me and patting my feet. "You need to undress, so I can examine you."

My blink was gradual. "Okay, King Kincaid's right. Everyone get the f**k out." I actually heard said King hum in approval, and I shot him a glance. "Even you."

Ezra stiffened, not liking it at all, but left the room with everyone - the last one to leave, finagling that somehow - and I did as told, undressing with the medic's assistance once she closed the door. After performing her internal exam, I pulled the blanket up over me, having her let everyone back in. Somehow finagling it again, Ezra was the first to enter the room this time, swiftly returning to his vacated chair, his face as drawn as it had been when he left.

I, on the other hand, just curled up in a ball under the blanket.

The medic took her seat, facing away from us, and lifted glowing hands as everyone crammed back into the room. She stated in a factual voice, "Ms Ruckler is indeed pregnant, and I'm going to show you a few pictures." My breath caught at her confirmation, my heart rate pounding chaotically as she waved her hands and four golden squares lined the wall she was facing. "I was able to snap these while doing the exam," she glanced over her shoulder, her eyes on mine, "like a Com sonogram."

My lips thinned, but I nodded.

She stood and started gesturing at what looked like a large gray blob on the first 'sonogram'. "This is Ms Ruckler's uterus." She pointed a finger at what appeared to be a dot. "That's baby one." Again, my heart rate shot off, and I was cognizant enough to hear Ezra's start pounding, too. She stepped to another 'sonogram', pointing again. "That's baby two."

I was pretty sure everyone in the room froze.

Breath wheezing out of me, I gasped, "One and two?"

Bindi nodded. "Twins." She moved to the other two pictures, pointing at each one. "These are better shots of their position." As she sat down, I felt like I was going to faint and was happy I was lying down. "Now," her golden gaze met mine, "as for your cervix." Her jaw clenched. "You're dilated to five. The probability of you miscarrying is around ninety percent." After holding my gaze for what felt like forever, she gradually stood. "I'm sorry, Ms Ruckler. None of our medicines will work at this stage. There's nothing we can do for you medically. Only time will tell."

My gaze darted back and forth between the 'sonograms', staring at the tiny dots she had pointed to. "There's nothing at all?" God, my voice cracked.

Her lips thinned, her gaze lowering before meeting mine again. "There's no medicine to help a Mys, or even a spell I could do for a natural occurrence. Your body needs to heal on its own." She waved a hand and the images I had been staring at went away. "Rest. Try to relax. Your body may recover. The gestational sacs are still in place and you haven't begun to bleed yet. Like I said, the probability is ninety percent for loss, but there's still a ten percent chance for hope." She left the room as silence reigned, everyone still staring where the 'sonograms' had been.

I knew in that instant what it would be like if I lost them.

I felt utter fear. A sense of complete hopelessness. My heart squeezed painfully. My panting breaths came in great hiccups. "I don't even like babies." My whole body trembled. "I shouldn't care, right?" My eyes darted back and forth between Ezra's...and I saw the same emotions filling his gaze before his lids hooded. "Oh, God." A sob racked my body as a torrent of pain-filled tears tore down my cheeks, I never realizing I may have wanted children until I had two inside me, only for them to be snuffed out after such a brief time.

I saw Ezra's eyes flash before he rested his head facedown on the bed - hiding his expression on crooked arm - and placed his free hand on my head, running his fingers through my hair. Suddenly, I felt peace flow through me. It didn't dull all of the ache in my lower abdomen, since it was a natural process, but it subdued the chaos in my mind. "She said you have to relax." His voice came deep and gruff and muffled by the bed. "Do as she says." It felt wrong somehow to feel tranquillity when I might be in the process...of losing twins.

My twins.

Ezra's and my babies, our own little monsters.

But I lay perfectly still, doing as ordered, trying to clear my mind, only to have King Kincaid intrude, asking harshly, "Do you have to touch her, Ezra?"

Ezra didn't move or respond.

Cahal stated calmly, "He's relaxing her with his power. She needs him to, with the way her heartbeat was fluctuating so rapidly."

I heard King Kincaid curse quietly, his voice tight with concern, before he flopped onto the chair the medic had vacated. "Lily, honey...the father...He deserves to be here." I saw him viciously rub his face, even though I felt nothing but calmness now. "I know you don't want to say who he is, but he should be here for this." His eyes met mine. It wasn't a command, only pure reasoning.

I agreed with him wholeheartedly. "The people I want here are already in this room."

He didn't blink. "I never thought you to be selfish."

"Some would think it a kindness."

He thumped his fist on the arm of the chair. "The father has a right to know." I peered away, unable any further to come up with an evasive explanation. My gaze landed on Ezra's shoulder, which was rock-solid, and I saw that his muscles were clenched, strung so tight he appeared he might break. I felt another small cramp, but it didn't hurt as badly as before, thanks to Ezra's power. King Kincaid sighed at my silence, muttering, "You'll regret this, Lily."

"So be it," I whispered - the only thing I could say before closing my eyes, attempting to block out everyone.

Chairs were brought in for the others to sit on, even though their edges rested so closely together that everyone had to sit shoulder-to-shoulder. As time passed, Elder Merrick left and brought back coffee for everyone. Ezra's was left untouched; the only movement he made was to tilt his head to the side and stare me in the eyes, his gaze hidden from everyone's view but mine. His eyes were bloodshot and expressing everything I wasn't feeling right now, thanks to his power. He was unable to keep it contained, even though I could tell he tried by the way his lips were permanently pinched.

I lay on the medical bed, holding his stare, and moved my hand under the blanket until the tips of my fingers were against his arm, the only touch I could give him right now. Pearl and Jack had maneuvered earlier to sit directly behind Ezra, and they sat with their heads resting against the wall, their faces carefully blank.

Five hours and many cramps later, Ezra's body trembled, his head shooting up. Waking a few people, he shouted out the open door, "Bindi!" He paused, exhaling heavily on a deep pant, before bellowing, "She's bleeding! Get in here!"

My breath caught. I reached between my legs, and then pulled my hand out from under the cover. My fingers were slick with vivid red blood. "Hope." I shook my head inside Ezra's hold and my eyes met his, both of our expressions damned, even as Bindi rushed into the room, demanding everyone leave and literally shoving people out. "Hope's a f**king bitch."

Chapter Ten

I miscarried both babies in those next two hours.

Ezra tried to give me a sense of peace through his touch, but I would have none of it after the medic announced I was, indeed, losing them. I brushed his hand away, still feeling the constant ache inside my stomach, and told him, "Pain needs to be remembered." With a miscarriage being a natural process, his power wouldn't have helped much with the pain. I needed to feel it all.

Sitting beside the bed again, he leaned his elbows on the mattress, with one of his hands covering his mouth and the other hovering above my head before falling to the pillow. Inhaling deeply, he nodded woodenly, his gaze meeting mine in mutual understanding before lowering so no others would see his stricken expression. He swallowed hard, his eyes blinking repeatedly, blindly staring at the mattress.

I curled up in response to the tight ache stretching to not only my back, but to my legs as well, and I cried softly for children I had never imagined I would want.

King Kincaid didn't try to make anyone leave this time, but sat on the chair with his head in his hands, bowed, just as everyone else did - they weren't leaving me, but gave me a semblance of privacy. Jack held Pearl when she began gently crying, his own face turned away from everyone as he rubbed her back in soothing motions.

Ezra peered up to me, his eyes glistening with unshed tears as he gently wiped mine away, then lay his head next to my shoulder, eyes steadfast on mine, and murmured with a hoarse voice, "Pain should always be remembered."

My smile was bittersweet and watered down by more tears. "Well, that, and the fact hope will always be that eternal bitch when she turns a deaf ear."

"And luck," he whispered, nodding, his head rubbing against my arm as he flicked a finger under his eye when a single tear escaped, swiftly making it disappear as if it were never there. "Luck never knows the right time to give or take."

Gritting my teeth, I breathed heavily as my uterus contracted. "Irony." Breathing deeply through the ache that was nowhere near as bad as my thoughts. "It's a twisted f**ker."

His eyes closed briefly and again he nodded, his jaw clenched. "Irony is definitely one sick mother-fucker." Bright green, bloodshot eyes opened, meeting my own. The backs of his fingers ran over my cheeks, wiping away the wetness. "It's nothing compared to happiness."

I snorted through gritted teeth. "What happiness?"

"Exactly."

"Reality interrupts-" Jaw clenching, my nostrils flared as I felt a gush of blood flow.

A whisper. "Life." His blink was slow. "The mother of all bitches."

"And the beauty?"

"Its absence is duly noted."

"Only to be found by those later."

Another swipe of my cheeks. "Once they've suffered to the point they scream for death."

"Full circle."

His hand found mine in a gentle hold. "Pain needs to be felt."

Once it was determined I had fully lost them, the Elders and Kings silently left the room after each one pulled me into a bear hug. Even Cahal. Bindi glanced around at the remaining occupants - Pearl, Jack, and Ezra - before delicately clearing her throat and saying, "Ms Ruckler, I'd like to talk with you privately." She held the door wide open for them to leave.

I shook my head on the pillow, not wanting to move further. "Just shut the door. They may hear whatever you have to say." My voice and heart were empty, void of caring about a damn thing right now. Including hurting Bindi's feelings when she cleared her throat again, peering at me pointedly. "I said shut the f**king door."

She stiffened, eyeing me, but did as told. The door was firmly shut, and she sat, her eyes flashing gold. The walls were suddenly encased in a sparkling gold protection, soundproofing the room. She tilted her head at the door. "They're still out there." Hands primly folded on her lap, she stared. "Your tubes were magically tied."

I stared back. "Yes, they are, so how the hell did this happen?"

Her lips pinched. "During your exam, I took a few shots of them to study during the wait. What I found was that they have grown back together." She paused. "The likely reason for this is that you didn't wait the recommended period after the procedure for intercourse."

A slow blink. "Recommended period?"

"The surgeon didn't tell you?"

My eyes closed as I shook my head. The surgeon hadn't known what he had even done because of the spell, therefore he wouldn't have known what instructions to give me. "How long should I have waited?"

"At least three days," she murmured absently. "The spell was there, but broken."

Opening my eyes, I met her dumbfounded gaze. "I didn't wait three days." This situation was no one's fault, and it made it even worse having no one to blame. "Can you correct the procedure? Fix where my tubes have reconnected?"

Her face went blank. "You still want your tubes tied?"

The answer was easy. "Yes. I'm not ready for children." What was no longer clear was if I would ever want to have children in the future. But I never wanted the possibility of creating one of those Beasts with a Com. My tubes needed to be tied.

"You've just gone through a traumatic event, perhaps you should-"

"She said she wants it," Ezra stated gruffly, cutting her off. "Can you do it or not?"

A deep breath. "Yes, I can do it."

"Confidentially? Or do I need to have a spell put on you?" I scented the air, waiting for her response.

Her eyes narrowed. "Confidentially, of course. I never disclose information about my patients." Truth.

"Good." I rolled, pulling the blanket up higher on my shoulder. "I want it done today."

An extended pause. "Okay, Ms Ruckler." She cleared her throat. "To reiterate: you should not have sex, or do any extraneous activity, within the next three days." She made an odd noise in her throat. "Also, the procedure can be reversed once you decide you're ready for children." She stood by the door, her hand on the doorknob. "I'll be back in less than an hour to begin."

The next three days were a blur in wretched time.

My best friends stayed with me during my stint in the medical ward, in which I spent a full day after my procedure. Bindi told everyone who came to see me - none of whom I allowed into my room as I was in no mood to talk with anyone - that I was recovering. She left it at that, letting them make their own assumption that I was recovering from miscarrying.

In truth, I was.

Just as I spent the next two days recovering lying in my own bed.

As did Ezra.

We barely moved, the TV on constantly as background noise, while our positions with Jack and Pearl were reversed. In retrospect, that time was the true turning point for them in their loss-filled attentions. They pushed aside their month-old hurt to take care of us with our unexpected losses. Slowly, my crying jags became shorter and Ezra's bouts of silence became fewer while they watched over us, forcing us to eat three meals a day and to talk to them, getting directly in our faces at certain points when we didn't even realize they were speaking.

The Kings let us be, more than likely because when a knock came at Ezra's or my door, it was firmly ignored. We had no wish during that period to speak with anyone but Jack and Pearl, who wouldn't allow us to ignore them, even if they had no real clue how to console us, this incident one none of us ever expected to experience.

On the third day of our self-confinement, the day that Ezra and I both rolled out of bed at different points and made ourselves get ready to face the world, we eventually sat on the black leather couch at different ends, our expressions guarded as we watched each other. Over the three days, this had been building slowly. Some may say it was a stage in the grieving process, but this was new to us as both of us experienced a hurt separate from what we had ever felt before.

First, it came by us scooting farther away from each other in bed. After that, our gazes would never quite meet. Lastly, we stopped talking to one another completely. It hadn't gone unnoticed by Jack and Pearl, both of whom had tried to get us to speak to one another, and, now, they hurriedly exited our bedroom, seeing Ezra and I were ready to discuss our issues.

I wasn't sure how much discussing was going to happen, but I had to give it a shot. I loved Ezra. He was my best friend. So it had to be done, instead of stuffing our issues under a rug to hopefully be forgotten, as I did with any other lover. Clearing my throat, my gaze strayed from him to the wall over his shoulder. "This wasn't an issue either of us planned for."

"No." His voice was gruff and low, his eyes dropping to his lap. "Not at all." A pause. "I realize you already know this, but it still needs to be said." Another pause. "I don't blame you, Lily." My breath caught as I scented his truth. And, yes, I had already known this, but it helped my soul hearing him say it. "Before, you had told me the surgeon was under a spell. Neither of us thought of the consequences to that."

"Thank you," I murmured, my gaze dropping to my own lap, trying to blink back tears mixed with relief and condemnation, which were trying to escape. "I appreciate you saying that."

A minute of silence passed as we tried to collect ourselves.

"Ezra..." I swallowed, not sure of exactly what I wanted to say other than the obvious. "I love you."

"I know, sweetheart," he whispered. "I love you, too." He stood abruptly, beginning to pace in front of the couch. "But, I can't..." He cleared his throat hard, turning to face me, and waited for my eyes to meet his. "Lily, I do love you, but I can't handle a sexual relationship with you right now." His green gaze never wavered. "This was just too..."

"Much," I whispered, finishing the sentence for him, nodding. "I understand."

"I'm not saying never again, just not right now. I can't..." He shook his head. "I can't handle it." Rubbing the back of his neck, he glanced away. "This excuse is as old as it is lame, but it's the truth." Another clearing of his throat. "It's not you, it's me."

I held up a hand, stopping him from saying anything further, while letting my head fall back so I could stare at the ceiling. "I said I understand. I need time away from you, too. I don't blame you any more than you blame me, but I just need," my lips pinched, "time." Our emotions were too raw for us to be as we were before. And really, we had just fallen into one another. Our blinders were up, blocking out any other partner around us, but we hadn't meant it to happen to the extent we didn't even realize I was pregnant. After many hours of late-night contemplation these past few days, I realized that there had been signs, such as me eating twice as much food as Ezra and Jack combined, plus - the most obvious sign - my absent period.

Sighing heavily, his voice choked. "It's hard."

I understood that, too. "The 'what-ifs' are killing me." They were. Before I had gone into the sparring ring with Elder Merrick, I had felt only slightly queasy, probably no more than a normal pregnant woman would. But, after the fall...

Sitting heavily on the couch, Ezra let his head fall back like mine and stared at the ceiling. "I keep thinking about what they would have looked like." His tone was void. Monotone. "If they would have been small and beautiful like you. Or brutes like me. What skin tone they would have had - my dark or your light or a mixture. Or their eye color - blue, or green, or maybe a grandparent's dark color. Whether they would have been boys or girls or one of each." He sighed, the sound shaky and nothing like his voice. "Did you know twins are even rarer for Mysticals than they are for Commoners? Usually, they're more powerful than a singleton."

"No. I didn't know." It was a whisper. My breath was as shaky as his. "They would have been beautiful and perfect."

"I know." A hard sniff. "I f**king know." He blurred, his face suddenly over mine and his hand cupping the back of my head. Our gazes held, the knowledge there of our shared loss. Gradually, he set his forehead against mine. "So we're on a mutual break from each other."

It wasn't a question, but I quietly replied, "Yes. I think that's for the best." I knew it was.

He nodded slightly, his forehead rubbing against mine. Deliberately moving slowly, he lowered his mouth, giving me plenty of time to pull back if I wished. But I didn't want to. He and I hadn't kissed since we had found out I was pregnant. I wanted this last touch before our hiatus.

Lifting my hands, I rested them on his cheeks, cupping his face as our lips brushed softly. It was so delicate and tender, our mouths molding just as perfectly as they always did, that I trembled under him, matching the way his hand began shaking on the back of my head. His fingers tightened for the briefest moment, and his lips pressed harder against mine, before he pulled back. My hands slid down his cheeks, falling to my lap.

He took a few steps backward, peering away from me while rubbing the back of his neck. "I would appreciate it if you didn't flaunt any of your lovers in front of me." He cracked his neck. "I'm thinking that might bother me." He cracked his neck the other way. "I'll do the same for you."

My gaze fell to my lap as I twisted my fingers around each other. "I'm not plan-"

"Don't, Lily," he cut me off. "We both know the truth of each other."

Oddly, the silence was heavier than it had been before. But I nodded jerkily. "If I have sex with anyone, I won't make a display of it." It was about respect now.

"Thank you," he stated gruffly. He walked toward the door. "I'll see you later."

"Yeah." I watched him disappear out of our bedroom. The door shut quietly. "Later."

Chapter Eleven

As I walked to the dining hall - alone - many watched me. It reminded me of the time Ezra and I had made this trek over three weeks ago. That time, they had stared and waited for us to yell at one another, but this time, their gazes held only sympathy - the gossip had made its rounds - as they watched to see if I would break down in front of them. But I didn't. I was stronger than that now, my three days of sobbing done. I needed to re-enter life in some way - my previous loss of my mate and, before him, my mother, had taught me that the faster I was able to get back into the swing of things, the quicker my life would turn around by force of mundane issues.

After placing on my tray a few items of my favorite foods in the hope I would be able to eat them all, I peered around the lunchtime crowd for a free seat. By habit, my gaze automatically went to where Ezra, Pearl, Jack, and I had been sitting regularly, which also happened to be the table Ezra and I had taken three weeks ago, but it was filled with Shifters I didn't recognize.

But the large table next to it wasn't.

All the Kings sat there, along with Antonio and his group. They weren't staring at me blatantly, but their looks weren't very covert. Oddly, and for the first time in my life, I actually wanted to sit at their table in the hope they may leave me in peace, compared to another table, which would be full of my subjects who might try to start a conversation. So I made my way through the crowded tables and took one of the remaining empty seats next to Elder Merrick at the end of the table. And again I did something I had never done before. I leaned my forehead against a powerful alpha Shifter's shoulder, deeply scenting his animal - he had shifted recently - and pulling some strength from him, as many others did to me when they were troubled.

The table was quiet as he rested his arm around my shoulder, holding still so I could take what I needed from him. My body shuddered as I stuffed my face against his neck, scenting him heavily, and I felt a pulse of his power flow into me. A soothing gesture. Voice quiet, I whispered, "Thank you." He briefly rested his head on top of mine, turning to lay a light kiss on my forehead, before I lifted away, feeling better.

Staring down at my food, the contents of my plate really didn't appear appetizing, but I stabbed into my macaroni expecting it would go down easier than the small steak or the green beans. I slowly chewed the tiny bite as soft conversation started around the table. I had planned right. They weren't going to bother me as my soon-to-be subjects might have. It gave me the perfect opportunity to look directly across the table.

At Antonio.

Slowly, his golden gaze lifted from his plate. To most, Antonio probably appeared no different than normal. His hair was perfectly kept, his dark clothing no different to what he normally wore, but to anyone with an experienced eye, the simple facts were there. His hair hung just a bit more over his face to hide his unsmiling mouth and lowered eyes. His muscles under his clothing were strung tight, straining those perfect clothes. And I had figured out something during my self-confinement.

He had known beforehand. He had known I was pregnant. He hadn't stopped me from sparring with Elder Merrick. He had known I would lose my babies. That was why he had appeared as he had before the match.

I didn't understand his 'gift' completely. Nor did I understand him. But there was one thing I had to know. After holding his gaze, which was empty of any emotion, I whispered, "Why?"

Lips that were already pinched thinned further. The other occupants at the table quieted, their eyes never far from me right now, even though they pretended otherwise. Antonio blinked, and when his gaze met mine again, it held sorrow and guilt and, maybe, hope. "Because I must."

Truth.

I snorted sarcastically, pissed off, and peered back to my plate. I lifted the knife, twirling it in my fingers and watching golden sparks of light catch on the fairly sharp blade as it rotated faster through my fingers. My gaze flicked to him. "You're lucky I love you." My eyes went back to the blade. "Because of that, I didn't tell him what I know."

My gaze returned to him while everyone around the table went still. "You would be a few days dead right now if I hadn't protected your worthless ass." My anger was red-hot, but I kept it leashed. Barely. I stopped twirling the blade, pointing it at him. "I probably won't ever understand you, Antonio, but what I do know is that you f**king owe me."

No one moved around us as Antonio and I held each other's gaze.

Jerkily, he nodded once, his eyes lowering. "I'm sorry, Lil."

I snorted, my own gaze falling to my own plate, and stabbed into my macaroni again. "Not f**king good enough." I shook my head, chomping into my grub. "Not anywhere close."

"Honey, I'm not sure what the hell this is about, and I realize you're going through a tragedy right now, but you can't threaten an Elder," King Kincaid murmured quietly into the silence. A pause, then, "At least, not in public, anyway."

My grin was feral as I peeked up at him down the table. "I didn't."

King Fergus slowly wiped his mouth with a napkin and set it down carefully. "She's correct. She stated she saved his worthless ass."

I stared. The man hardly ever stated something in my defense. Eyebrows puckered, I gave him a nod of appreciation and went back to my meal, everyone else slowly following suit, seeing the fireworks were over.

Halfway through choking down my steak, I scented Ezra. Breathing deeply, I also scented Jack. I kept eating.

To my right, Cahal set his silverware down and pushed his plate away, and asked quietly, "Ms Ruckler, do you happen to know where my son is? I've tried to contact him these past few days, and he never returned my phone calls or answered his door."

I lifted my fork over my shoulder, eyes still on my plate. "He's in line at the buffet." I resumed cutting my steak into tiny pieces. No need to explain that I knew exactly where Ezra had been the past few days.

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a few heads swing toward where I had pointed. I stilled for only a heartbeat, realizing I had probably given away the fact I was so in tune with Ezra's body, but I went back to eating before anyone noticed my instant reaction. Ezra had acted only as a worried friend during our time in the medical ward, careful of those around him, but if anyone had looked close enough, they would have seen a father losing his children. It was best to be cautious for a little while, just in case.

Elder Merrick swung his large frame back to rights on his chair as I felt several pairs of eyes on me. "That's one hell of a nose you have."

My lips lifted as I glanced at him. "Yours is better." He was the only one who had seen Ezra's initial reaction. He knew. And yet, he wasn't blowing whistles. It was another interesting fact about him.

His own lips lifted in recognition that I knew he was something else where scents were involved. "Possibly." His head tilted, his arm sliding over the back of my chair. "I could teach you what I know if you would care to put in a few hours alone with me."

I could smell that Ezra was coming closer. Again, it was when Elder Merrick chose to say a double entendre. Casually knocking his arm off the back of my chair, I turned back to my food. "If your offer's honest, I'll take you up on it." I wanted to know how he did what he did. "For teaching."

He leaned over, his mouth against the shell of my ear. "Oh, I'll teach you."

Ezra was now close enough to have heard that. And my knife miraculously found its way under the table, directly against Elder Merrick's crotch. He stiffened as I turned my head to stare him in the eyes. Instantly, he backed off. I never thought he was stupid.

Taking my knife back, I primly set it on the table and began eating my sliced meat as Ezra and Jack sat in the remaining chairs at the table. Honestly, I was surprised they had sat at this table. I had done it because I knew no one would really bother me, but Jack and Ezra didn't have that luxury, which was quickly proven.

King Kincaid leaned forward, eyes on Ezra. "You've missed your training and punishment duties these past few mornings. Care to explain why you've decided to ignore our rules?" A pause, then, "Again?"

Ezra took a large sip of his coffee before gently placing it on the table. "No, I don't believe I'd care to explain." He ignored how every Kings' gaze but King Venclaire's flashed in instant frustration and irritation, and he picked up his silverware to scoop up corn. "And I'd prefer another punishment." He chewed slowly, scooting his corn around until he scooped up another spoonful.

King Nelson bristled. "What you prefer has no bearing on your punishment."

"Fine." Ezra shrugged. "I won't care what you prefer, and just won't go."

King Venclaire held up his hands when all the Kings' mouths opened to argue. "I've spoken with the day care and they filled Lily's and his positions when they didn't show." He lowered his hands when their mouths finally shut, even if their eyes were still wide in shocked aggravation. Calmly, King Venclaire stated, "They'll be helping to prepare food of a morning, instead, for their continued punishment."

I barely stifled my sigh of relief, feeling extremely grateful this time that my biological dad was insightful, knowing who the father of the twins had been, and intelligent enough to decipher we wouldn't want to be around children.

All of the Kings' lips pinched tight, but they didn't argue. Not here, anyway. I could imagine well enough that it would happen in private, though. Normally, they tried to keep their disagreements as quiet as possible.

"Thank you," I said quietly to King Venclaire.

His lips lifted in a smile, which showed nothing near happiness. "You're welcome."

As everyone began finishing their meal, Ezra glanced down the table. "Dad?"

The table's occupants paused for a moment - Ezra rarely ever called Cahal anything informal and usually addressed him as 'Elder Zeller' in front of others - which Ezra noticed, and he instantly rested back on his chair, appearing relaxed. Aloof. The table's occupants pretended to ignore his small blunder, unfamiliar with how to handle familial relations...well, acting like familial relations...and resumed finishing their last bites.

Cahal set his own coffee down carefully, his eyes meeting his son's. "Yes?"

Ezra shrugged one shoulder, sipping his coffee. "I thought we might hit the sparring ring later."

Cahal absently twirled his empty cup on the table. "If you take it easy on me." His lips quirked.

Ezra chuckled quietly. "Gonna bring the hurt on?"

"As much as you do."

"Perfect."

Placing my silverware down as I was done with my meal, I stood, wishing I had a way to relieve my own pent-up energy. But I really didn't. Turning from the table, King Kincaid stopped me by asking, "What do you have planned today, Lily?"

"I don't know," I murmured, shaking my head. I didn't have a family to lean on, like Ezra, even if the others at the table were not supposed to know that was what he was doing. Jack and Pearl still had their own issues to work out, and I had monopolized too much of their time as it was. They needed to recover from their own loss in healthier ways than dealing with more loss. I had no one. "I'm not sure."

Rolling my shoulders, I glanced about, realizing that everyone at the table was watching me. I forced my lips to lift into a semblance of a smile. "But I'll figure it out." Moving from the table, I kept my gaze away from Ezra and made my way through the crowd.

I was surprised when King Fergus fell into step beside me. I raised my eyebrows in question as I sidestepped someone pushing their seat back. He shrugged, opening the dining room door for me, and murmured quietly, "I've been alone for far too long not to recognize loneliness in someone else." I paused, blinking in surprise at his candidness, then nodded, moving through the exit when he placed his hand at the small of my back - which also surprised me - ushering me through.

After shutting the door firmly, he kept pace beside me. "If you want to go for a run in wolf form, I could probably manage a decent obstacle course for you." My eyes widened, absolutely loving the idea, knowing he really could with his earth magic. But I was still utterly shocked at his kindness. Again, he shrugged, his lips tilting. "It's not a completely selfless act. It'll give me practice." A pause, then his eyes darting from mine with quiet words. "And it'll give me some companionship."

My lips lifted into a real smile. "King Fergus, I do believe I'd enjoy your company."

He nodded, a smile lifting his own lips.

And as we walked along, I couldn't help but stare at him, evaluating him in a different light after his honest words, and I blurted, "Why have you been alone?" I gestured at him from head to toe. "You're not exactly repulsive."

He grinned. "Thank you." Slowly, he shook his head, soft neon green curls brushing his shoulders. "But that isn't a story I'd wish to talk about." His amber eyes darted to mine and away. "Unless, of course, you'd like to fill me in on who the twins' father was, then I may be willing to spill details." Instantly, my eyes narrowed as we started up the walkway. He chuckled, green eyebrows raised. "The young are always so ready to know others' secrets, but are never willing to risk their own."

Rolling my shoulders, I grumbled, "Fair enough." A sideways glance toward him. "But you should really get back out there if it has been that long." At the beginning of school last year, under Ezra's power, King Fergus had said it had been a few years since he'd had sex.

He snorted. "I didn't say I wasn't having sex, Ms Ruckler." He peered around the interior of the cave. "I've found many partners here." His gaze found mine, his eyes searching. "The many acts of sex can be pleasurable, but it's often empty pleasure."

I held his regard as we weaved through Mysticals. I knew exactly what he was talking about. Often, the pleasure was fleeting, quickly leaving after the act. Sometimes, during. Only when you found a partner you cared about did it hold meaning. By the surety of his tone, I now knew he had once loved. Whether it had been with a mate or another Elemental, he had definitely found love once. And lost it somehow.

Guzzling my water, I grinned, pointing at King Fergus around the bottle to let him know it was his own fault. It had been a week since I emerged into the world, and every day, after helping the kitchen staff or training with Elder Merrick, we went into the woods above King Cave where King Fergus would provide one hell of an obstacle course for me. But today, at the end of our session, he had gone a little hog-wild by blowing up parts of the earth, trying to make me stumble. And it had backfired on him. Literally.

We both had chunks of dirt/mud and grass and twigs all over us as we made our way into King Cave. Swallowing my mouthful of water, I laughed outright at the scowl on his face. "Christ, I'm never gonna forget how you screamed."

"I did not scream," he grumbled in short, terse words.

I laughed harder. "When I had to shift to catch you, you sure as hell screamed."

He sniffed, tucking his dirty green hair behind his ear. "I had dirt in my eyes, so I couldn't see the ground coming."

My chuckle was a deep belly laugh as we entered the top section of the cave, where I stopped and bent to hold said belly as it was starting to cramp from my laughing.

He actually kicked my leg. Not hard, but not exactly soft, either. "I wasn't the only one screaming." He paused, his own chuckle erupting. "I wasn't sure if you were coming on to me or trying to escape."

My head fell back, my laugh joining his. "I was naked." I slapped at the wall a few times, shaking my head, bits of dirt flying everywhere, at remembering how he had frozen for a moment after he had freaked out at opening the ground beneath us, just as I caught him, burying us inside a dark hole of the ground.

"I noticed." He wiped tears from his face, making the dirt on his cheeks streak darker. "You sat on my damn face at one point." He arched back, mouth open wide in raucous laughter at my saucer-eyed glance, as I paused, realizing I had freaked out a little down there. He hooted it up, pointing at me. "Like I said, I didn't know if you were hitting on me or trying to escape."

My lips trembled and my chin quivered before I busted up, picturing his reaction in my mind. "Oh, God. That's f**king hilarious."

"What the hell happened to you two?" King Kincaid bellowed, off to our left.

Our attention swung his way, both of us wiping our eyes, making our faces look that much worse, as we continued snickering. I pointed at King Fergus as King Kincaid, King Venclaire, and King Nelson moved up the incline. "He prematurely blew a load." King Fergus stilled, and then started snorting hard as the Kings stopped moving altogether, their eyes going wide. I blinked, realizing that hadn't come out quite right. "Of dirt. I meant dirt." My hands went wide. "Big explosion." A head tilt toward King Fergus. "And a screaming King left in its wake."

King Fergus kicked me again, almost knocking me on my ass. "Not to mention a screaming Prodigy." He shook his head, trying to dispel some of the dirt, and pointed at King Kincaid, as I stepped away from him and out of his damn leg's reach. "And you need to teach her where her ass should properly be sat."

I scowled at him. "That's just wrong."

He grinned, white teeth gleaming through the dirt. "Revenge for your premature-crack."

King Kincaid blinked. "So you're both fine?"

"Of course," King Fergus mumbled, taking a swig of his own drink. "I didn't harm your precious Prodigy."

I snorted. "He was too busy harming himself."

"I told you there was dirt in my eye!" he exclaimed.

"And yet, the ground still swallowed us," I muttered, raising my eyebrows over the rim of my drink bottle. "And still, you screamed."

King Venclaire clapped his hands in front of our faces, his eyes still wide as he stared at us. "We were coming to look for you two. There's a meeting planned." His gaze darted to our dirt-streaked clothing. "There's no time for you to change."

I shrugged. "I'll blame it on him since it was his fault."

"You came out of nowhere," he griped even as we started to move down the incline behind the other Kings. "My aim was only a little off."

I jumped back and forth, grinning. "I was trying something new." I chuckled. "And it worked."

He huffed. "Won't work again."

King Kincaid whispered to King Venclaire, "I got a twenty that says she beats him again."

King Venclaire nodded, glancing back at us. "I'll take it." His attention darted to King Kincaid, narrowing his gaze as he pointed a finger at his eyes. "He's got that look, and I think he's actually enjoying himself."

I glanced at King Fergus, and right before he blanked his expression, I saw a mischievous squint to his eyes. "Oh, bring it. Please, do." My grin was purely impish, countering his.

Entering the conference room, King Fergus and I were still bantering back and forth, barely noticing how each of the Elders in the room, all in their pristine suits, stared at us. Flopping into a chair next to him, I flicked a bit of dirt on King Fergus, which naturally flew back, straight at my forehead, without him even lifting a finger. I mumbled, "Cheater."

He was chuckling as a certain Mage hustled into the room.

I blinked, staring at Antonio.

He had on a pair of jeans that hung low on his waist and were barely done up, his belt dangling. He brushed his tousled golden hair out of his face, showing flushed cheeks. His eyes were sparkling, and he quickly started buttoning his white shirt, which was open and showing his slim but muscular build. He muttered, "Sorry, I'm late. I only just listened to my voicemail." He moved around the table while finishing up his buttons and tucking in his shirt.

I blinked again as he started fixing his belt.

"The message went out three hours ago," Cahal stated, his eyebrows lowered, apparently not appreciating Antonio's lack of decorum.

Antonio grinned down at his belt. "I was...busy."

I blinked again. "You had sex." It just kind of blurted out, but I had never seen him disheveled like that before.

He chuckled, moving to the bar in the corner. "Yes, I did. Many times with a very talented partner." His eyebrows rose as he glanced in my direction, laughing at whatever expression I had on my face as he grabbed a water bottle. "Oh, Lil, your innocence is exquisite. You didn't think I had been celibate all this time? I enjoy doing what I'm good at."

"Stop." I shuddered, nowhere near forgiving him yet, but... "That's too much info for me." No one liked to think of their dad getting it on. Nor did they want to know they were 'good at it'.

"Alright." He sat between King Venclaire, who had his arms crossed and his head down, and Elder Zeller, who was still scowling at him. He pointed at me and King Fergus around his water bottle. "What happened to you two?"

"Dirt boy here," I tilted my head at King Fergus, "got a little trigger-happy."

'Dirt boy' bristled. "I had mud in my eyes." His eyebrows rose. "And that's King Fergus to you."

I fluttered a hand, firmly put in my place, and told Antonio charmingly, "That's his excuse and he's sticking to it." I started sputtering when dirt from my shirt suddenly lifted and flew into my mouth. I glared at King Fergus, picking dirt from my teeth as he grinned. "And least I didn't mention the premature part."

His grin only grew. "And I didn't mention where you prefer to sit."

Suddenly, Ezra's scent wrapped around me, which meant he had definitely arrived, and I felt his heat at my back just as my chair began rolling. I blinked up at him as he turned my chair to the side. "Huh?"

"I want this seat," he rumbled, shaking my chair. "It sits higher, so it's more comfortable for my legs." He tilted his head to the chair next to it. "Take that one."

My eyebrows puckered, drying dirt falling like dust from my forehead. The chair next to me appeared no different height-wise. But his mien expressed he was prepared to argue with me if I opened my mouth. He and I hadn't really talked much this past week, both of us keeping busy, and I really didn't want our first discussion to be an argument, so I assented and got up from my chair - leaving dirt behind - and sat in the chair directly next to it.

Which was the same height.

He brushed the dirt off my old chair and sat, turning it in my direction and resting his elbow on the table, even though his attention was over my head where Elder Camden stood next to Elder Harcourt, both of whom were waiting for the rest of the latecomers to get here. I blinked, eyeing his robe/sweater. Instead of the blue one he normally wore, he wore one that was black velvet, almost the same cut as the other one: rough patches sewn at the elbow, long enough to just skim the floor, and a few tong buttons holding the upper section together while the lower part spread to allow free movement below the waist. I peered up at his bright green gaze, which was underneath the hood and concealed somewhat. "New robe?"

He nodded, nostrils flaring. "A gift from a friend."

My whole body stilled, but I didn't quite know what I was feeling. "Jessica?" I hadn't seen him with her this week, or with any other woman, and noticing that particular Vamp woman only because I had seen her enter her bedroom with four - yes, four - Vampire men.

He shook his head. "Rose."

I blinked, turning my chair slowly to face Elder Camden and Elder Harcourt. I had no clue who Rose was, but obviously her name matched her scent since that was what was wafting from his new garment. "That was kind of her." Liar, liar.

He grunted, and from the corner of my eye I saw him picking at the sleeve. "Have fun playing in the dirt today?"

Remarkably agitated, I drummed my fingers on the table. "It was an experience."

A pause, then he said, "So was Rose."

My fingers stopped thumping, only to be exchanged for my heart pounding. Truth. He had just spoken the truth. Deep hurt instantly and unreasonably rushed through me in a brutal, wounding tidal wave. I had known he would start having sex again sometime soon - he was Ezra, after all - but he had promised not to flaunt it, and I had done the same, which hadn't been a problem since I hadn't hit the sheets with anyone.

Turning my chair the opposite way so no one but him would see my expression, I gave him a special look. He had made a promise. And he'd broken it. To go along with all that hurt, I was pissed off beyond belief.

His nostrils flared, and his lips lifted, more of a baring of teeth, and he flicked a finger, hitting a clump of dirt on my sleeve and knocking it to the ground.

Confused, I gazed at him. He stared back, eyes narrowed under his hood. Suddenly, what Ezra thought hit me. That King Fergus and I were getting it on. We had been going outdoors for the entire week. Coming back in great moods. And now, Ezra had purposely maneuvered me to a different chair...away from King Fergus.

My laugh was quiet, full of scorn and bitterness, and I whispered, "You're wrong." My eyes flicked down to his new robe as he stilled. The one he had gotten from a woman he had f**ked. An 'experience' of a f**k. Pure anger radiating through me, my now narrowed gaze met his now carefully blank one, his hand over his mouth, his elbow resting on the table. I didn't say anything else. I couldn't, not with my emotions like rapid fire inside me.

Plus, we both knew this day would come.

There was nothing to say.

I held his gaze a moment longer before turning my chair back around, blocking him out completely, and lifted my muddy shoes to cross my legs on the oversized chair, letting my head fall back against it and closing my eyes. I tried to rein in my emotions. He was my damn best friend. I shouldn't feel as if I wanted to strangle him right now. I had jumped into having a sexual relationship with him just as much as he had me. It was similarly my fault for any fluctuating emotions. Time to grow the f**k up.

"King Venclaire, are you alright?" I heard Elder Harcourt ask.

I peeked and saw my biological dad lift his carefully blank face to him. "It's a day full of revelations."

"I remember those days," Elder Harcourt murmured softly. "I envy you them." He shut the door once Pearl and Jack had hustled inside and had seated themselves at the opposite end of the table. They were both out of breath and in workout attire, obviously just getting the news, as I had.

I closed my eyes as Elder Harcourt and Elder Camden began speaking of the Elders' - our peace-making Elders - progress with the Commoners. Which was shit. They weren't getting anywhere with the leaders, in fact, their talks with them apparently only creating more of a ruckus since they were confirming that any living hybrids could, indeed, create those Beasts, done in an effort to be honest with them for new peace. Elder Harcourt also began playing more videos produced by the men in red robes, which I did open my eyes to watch. When the third one began, I went rigid, recognizing the robe with the black and gold trimming the edges.

"He's possibly the same man," I couldn't confirm because his hood was up as it had been on the beach, "we saw outside King Hall with Elly Belford." I pointed. "Same robe."

"We believe he's the leader," Elder Camden stated, all the Elders and Kings around the table leaning forward to get a better look.

And everyone went quiet, listening to him blather on about how we had lied to the Commoners, creating Beasts to destroy them - yada yada, it was all the same - but what interested me was his voice. Closing my eyes, I listened as he ranted and raved, his tone getting louder and more forceful, and a second later, I cocked my head.

My whole body jolted. "Pause it." My eyes slammed open to Elder Harcourt. "Rewind it, and magnify the sound, please."

He stopped the film, eyes on me. "What did you hear?"

"I'm not positive." I shook my head, not wanting to say if I was wrong. "Just rewind it, please." I glanced at King Kincaid, Elder Merrick, and Elder Talus - the King Shifter, and the Elder Shifters I knew - while Elder Harcourt did as I asked him. I said, "Listen close. Tell me what you hear."

Slowly, they nodded.

The video on the golden cube started again, and I closed my eyes, listening to the magnified sound. Once more, my head cocked as the leader got to his particularly loud rant. I heard it for a second time and threw up a hand. "Elder Harcourt, stop." The sound turned off, the video pausing again, as my eyes flew open to the Elders I had spoken with. "Did you hear it?"

As one, all three of them shook their heads.

"Shit," I muttered, pushing up from my seat and staring at the image. I felt incredibly stupid that three more powerful men hadn't heard it, but I knew I had. "I think..." I stalled, clearing my throat, jaw clenching as everyone stared at me expectantly. "Okay, I think I know two things about the man in question." I stared at the image and not the intimidating Elders and Kings around me. "One, I believe the man is Philip Masterson."

I saw everyone become still around the table, and I quickly explained for those who weren't in the know. "He's a Congressman in the United States. I know him personally, since he tried to rape me a few months ago. I recognize his voice." My gaze went to King Kincaid's wide eyes. "It's him. I know it is. And it also explains the timing of his disappearance."

"Goddamn mother-fucker," King Nelson muttered, eyes solid on the screen. A pause. "Elder Farrar, you followed him. Did you see any signs that it could be him?"

Antonio's gaze was glowing a bit as he stared at the screen. "I saw nothing out of the ordinary at the time, but Lil's right. It's his voice, now that she mentioned it." Golden eyes swung to me, his grin feral. "I believe you have something else to say."

I snapped my attention away from his scary-as-hell face, and just blurted it out there, "I heard him growl." I fluttered a hand at the screen when everyone gazed at me blankly. "As in, a wolf's growl."

Pretty much the entire room stared at me, hard.

"Let me get this straight," Elder Talus murmured quietly. "For those of us who are a bit slow." He pointed at the screen. "You and Elder Farrar have actually been around this man, Philip Masterson-"

I cut him off. "Ezra, Pearl, and Jack have also met him."

His eyebrows only rose. "Alright, so you five have physically met him, and none of you thought he wasn't a Commoner?"

"No, sir," I murmured quietly. I blinked. "But he could have been masking."

He snorted. "No one masks so well that you can't feel their power at all."

I snorted this time. "Wanna bet?" In response to his startled expression at my insubordination, I held up a finger, stating slowly, "Give me a second."

I let my head fall, closing my eyes. It was harder with the Queen power flowing through my Core, but it was still doable. Sometimes, I practiced late at night when I couldn't sleep. My Vampire magic was a natural habit to mask, but I rolled my head around on my shoulders, took a deep breath, and reined all of my magic in, stuffing it down deep inside me, not letting any out, before slamming a metaphysical door inside my chest. Another roll of my shoulders, and I peered up at him.

Waggling my fingers at him, I stated, "Go ahead. Test me. Tell me if you feel a thing."

I felt a rush of power hit me from all angles, not only him doing as requested. Bracing my feet, I bit my lip because so much was hitting me at once, but I stayed standing and got a first-class view of seeing everyone's eyes go wide, except for King Kincaid, who already knew I could do this, and Antonio, who had taught me the basic idea behind it before leaving directly after my first Awakening. If they pressed hard enough, they would feel my Shifter power, unlike my Vampire magic since it was spelled to be hidden, but they would have to be searching damn hard to feel even the tiniest sliver of my Shifter magic.

"Now," I stretched, some dirt falling off my arms, "if none of you had met me before or knew who I was, would you think Commoner or Mystical?"

"Holy shit," Elder Merrick muttered, his eyes flying back to the screen, his reaction answer enough. "That's f**king amazing, Lily, but I want to hear the growl you say you heard. No offense, but I've never met anyone who can mask the way you are, and to find two people in one day seems a bit unrealistic."

I let my Shifter power back out of my Core, the action a little daunting since I had so much. "Elder Harcourt, just rewind it a smidge, and magnify the sound even further." I flopped in my chair, dried dirt flying to the floor around me.

Elder Harcourt nodded and did as I had asked, every Shifter in the place closing their eyes to listen. And this time, with the sound turned up to blaring levels, every single one of them stilled at the table. And then a round of quiet growling erupted from them at the same time as when Elder Harcourt stopped the film where I'd had him do before.

"Well, that answers that question," Antonio stated, eyes on the pissed off Shifters. He held up a finger. "But, it doesn't explain why I can never see the leader in one of my visions."

Everyone's eyes, including mine, went back to the still image.

As we stared at it, Ezra's quiet chuckle sounded throughout the room. He pointed at the screen. "The answer lies in his robe." He cursed under his breath. "He's a hybrid." My head flew in his direction, as did everyone else's. "Gold and black. Mage and Shifter. It makes sense for the war he's bringing on everyone." His gaze swung to Antonio. "Would it be possible for him to create a spell to deflect anyone tracking him through visions?"

Gradually, Antonio nodded, resulting in a round of curses flying around the room.

It was decided that a group, including the Executioner, were to be dispatched by Elder Camden and Elder Harcourt - they would discuss who would go and find them later - to go to Philip Masterson's home and take him out, if he had returned from his MIA status. The news of the leader's hybrid nature would be passed on to the Elders speaking with the Com leaders so that they could disclose this information to them, in the hope that Philip had put them under some type of spell in relation to their ongoing hostility. Then, after two rebellion videos, the meeting was adjourned.

I left immediately, not wanting to risk talking with Ezra.

I ran into Finn in my rush.

Entered his room, having all night long that pleasurable but empty sex King Fergus and I had spoken about, and not leaving until the sun rose on King Cave's ceiling, lighting my way to practice with Elder Merrick in the fighting arena.

Chapter Twelve

My practice was cancelled due to Elder Merrick's absence, of which I didn't find out about until I stood in the middle of the arena with no teacher. Apparently, the entirety of Antonio's posse had been called away, a gossiping Shifter told me while I waited in vain for my teacher. So I trudged back up the walkway and headed for my bedroom, ready to crash. And that was exactly what I did once I had entered, lying down next to Pearl, who was still snoozing away with Jack - Ezra had left for kitchen duty already - and fell asleep.

I woke to a hard thump on the mattress, and gruff words stating, "Someone's knocking on your door." Ezra's voice, sounding growly and deep.

My eyes shot open just as he kicked the mattress again, and I heard the knocking at the door. I rolled, falling straight onto the hard floor, which reminded me that I had lain on the edge of the bed, not wanting to disturb Pearl or Jack, and not wanting to lie on the side that smelled of Ezra. "Shit." I jumped up, brushing my hair back, and rushed through the room to the door. Wiping the sleep from my eyes, I opened it swiftly, keeping a firm hold on the handle.

King Fergus's eyebrows rose as he took in my state of dress. "I'm seriously beginning to question if you're hitting on me." A pause, his head cocking. "Although, if I were you, and that's what I was going for, I would rethink my ensemble's provocativeness. Or lack thereof."

Or not so much dressed.

I squeaked, slamming the door shut in his face. "Shit." Staring down at my turtle underwear set, I now remembered that I had stripped down so I didn't get muddy clothes on the bedding, too tired to throw something else on.

Sighing heavily, I opened the door again, but only a crack, to peek out into the hallway. Where King Fergus was laughing his ass off. My eyes narrowed. "That wasn't funny."

"Oh, I'm not laughing at you," he hooted. "I'm laughing at the Prodigy Shifter wearing turtle underwear."

My lips thinned. "Snapping turtles. Get it right."

Which made him laugh that much harder.

"Just give me a minute to get dressed." It was time for our session, by the look of the sun.

He nodded, waving a hand as he rested against the wall, still chuckling.

"You're so getting your ass kicked today." I slammed the door again. And turned in a huff, already running my hands through my tangled hair. And stopped dead.

Ezra was standing a few feet back, arms crossed and resting his shoulder against the wall, staring at me with a hooded gaze. My own instantly hid half my eyes, and I went into motion, moving past him to...well, hide in my closet under the guise of getting dressed. But when I came out he was reclining on the bed, looking f**king good as hell. He was also waiting for me. Hell, at least I was now clothed in a pair of black cargos, a t-shirt, and boots.

Crossing my arms, I asked, "What?"

He stared at me for a long moment, and then asked calmly, "You're not sleeping with him?"

I snorted, dropping my arms and moving into the bathroom to brush my hair. "No, I'm not."

Another pause, then a quiet, "I've slept with four women since we stopped."

My hands instantly trembled on the brush, but I gripped it hard and focused on my task, wanting to run the f**k out of here.

I heard the bed squeak, which it had started doing during our three weeks together on it, and he was suddenly resting his shoulder against the doorframe. "I thought you were sleeping with him. He's never touched you before and he started doing it this week. You've been spending so much time together," he ran a quick hand through his hair as I set the brush down and picked up a hair tie, "I thought you were having sex."

Breathing through my nose slowly, I studied my hair in the mirror. "Well, we're not." My movements were slow and controlled, making sure I got my hair up right on the first try. "It doesn't matter anyway, Ezra. I realize you were mistaken, thinking I was flaunting him in front of you, and that's why you tried to hurt my feelings by saying what you did about Rose." My gaze flicked to black robe. "It still smells of her by the way."

He instantly backed up, undoing the buttons. "Shit, I'm sorry."

I waved a hand, walking out past him. "Don't worry about it. It's just an adjustment period."

"Lily, sweetheart-"

"Don't call me that." I stopped, my attention snapping to him. Too many memories.

He dropped the robe on the ground, and took three long strides to me. His hand lifted, wavering next to my cheek, and I quickly stepped back, away from him, utterly pissed, but trying to be cordial. His eyebrows slammed together, his hand dropping as his nostrils flared. He loomed over me, and my head crooked, staring up at him. He inhaled deeply, his eyes shutting. He took two steps back. "You were gone all night. I thought..." His eyes opened, void of emotion. "You smell like sex."

I shrugged, turning and walking toward the door. "You asked me not to flaunt it, Ezra, so why are you asking me?" I stopped, turning abruptly to face him. "And why the hell would you tell me you've slept with four women? What on earth makes you think I would want to know that?" I didn't care that my voice was the tiniest bit shrill.

His nostrils flared, and very slowly he asked, "Did you have sex last night?"

My eyes widened in incredulity. "And what makes you think you have the right to ask me that?"

He stared. "I told you honestly how many women I've slept with-"

"Which I didn't wish to know!"

"-and I would like the same honesty from you."

My own nostrils flared in anger. "Yes, Ezra, I had sex all night long." I paused. "Does that make you feel any better?"

His jaw clenching was answer enough. "Who?"

It was too tempting to pass up. "Who are the women you've slept with?"

Instant. "Rose, Jessica, Kiki, and Catherine."

Something inside me broke hearing the names of the women he had slept with spill off his tongue so fluidly. My shoulders hunched as I rubbed at my chest. My feet moved as if on their own, pulling me away from the man who was causing the hurt.

His hooded gaze darted across my face, and he inhaled deeply, then shouted, "Goddamn it, Lily, I thought you were screwing Fergus!"

I jerked at his hostility, but kept moving backward, shaking my head. "This is what we both wanted."

He ran a hand over his face, cursing, but not arguing my point, then asked quietly, "Was it Finn?"

I saw no point in lying now. "Yes."

His gaze stayed lowered. "Was last night the first time you've had sex since us?"

"Yes."

I quickly left the room as he began tearing it apart.

I got my ass handed to me by dirt boy. "Oh, shut up." I glared at him as he smirked.

He shrugged. "I didn't say anything." Ah, but his grin increased.

I slapped a hand over it. "That's what I'm talking about."

Under my hand, I felt his lips curve even more as he mumbled against my skin, the sound muffled, "You're a sore loser."

"I never said I wasn't." I glared, pointing at him with my other hand. "Now, to the important part. Did you make a bet with the other Kings about who would win?"

His eyes narrowed, and he said again with the muffled voice, "Why?"

"Well, I was thinking that tomorrow you pick the bigger payout, and we make it happen whichever way that is to keep them from betting about us."

He lifted my hand off his mouth, and laughed outright. He had a dirty handprint on his face now. There was dirt under my fingernails, which I didn't think would ever come clean from that last 'little' explosion. He only shook his head and started walking toward the cave's entrance.

"Hey!" I griped, yanking on my boots and rushing after him. "It's a good plan."

Amber eyes met mine, full of mirth. "They're my group. My team. Betting is our thing." He shook his green curls, which were free of debris, very unlike mine. "I won't ruin that by cheating."

I felt my lips frown, but I understood, even if it wrecked my plans for revenge. "Speaking of cheating..." My gaze hit the ground, and I scuffed my shoes along the long grass. "Can I ask you a question?"

"Sure." I could feel his eyes on me.

"Say you were in an...odd...relationship."

He snorted. "Most relationships are odd at some point."

"Alright." I nodded. "Well, say you've just gotten out of a sexual relationship with someone you care for." My hands waved in front of me in grand motions. "And say you both decided to take a break from each another because it was becoming too..." My hands fluttered all about. "Real."

King Fergus rested his hand on my shoulder, stopping my progress and making me look directly at him. "Real as in 'I'm falling in love with you' real? Or real as in 'oh shit, I forgot a condom and made babies with you' real?"

My gaze was chilled at his bluntness. "The latter."

His lips pressed together, and he seesawed them back and forth. "Okay, what's next?"

"Well, say you've decided to take a break from each other. Does it constitute cheating if you have sex with someone else," I held up a finger, "which was entirely expected during the break," my finger twirled, "but you go about flaunting it," I held up a stopping hand, "which was not expected, to the point it was specifically stated not to do out of respect for the other person's feelings during a sensitive time for the both of you?"

"I'm honestly a little confused here, trying to keep that straight," his eyebrows puckered, "but if you're asking if it's cheating when you're on a mutual break, the answer is no, especially if you both discussed it beforehand and knew it would happen." His head cocked. "But if you're asking about flaunting the new lovers..."

I snapped at him. "Yes. That's it. When it was explicitly stated beforehand that it would be disrespectful to do so."

"Is he flaunting them in front of you?"

I waggled my hand. "Kind of. Using words like an 'experience' and saying he slept with four other women since us." I blinked. "He tore a few things apart when he found out I'd slept with someone."

King Fergus stared.

"What?" I shuffled on my feet, watching him intently for an answer.

Still, he stared.

"I'm waiting for an answer, dirt boy!"

He blinked. "You are so innocent." He shook his head, chuckling quietly when I glared at him, despite that I thought my impression was pretty ferocious. "Let me ask you this...Do you want him back?"

That stopped me. "Like, back in my bed?"

His eyebrows rose. "Or wherever you two did it."

"Oh." My eyebrows slowly came together. "I don't know. He kind of," I rubbed at my chest, "hurt me, sleeping with those other women."

He watched my hand's movement, snorting as he turned and started walking again. "If you want him back the answer is simple."

I ran to catch up. "I said I don't know if I do or not."

"Well, if you decide you do," his grin was malicious, "don't hide the fact you're sleeping with other partners." Amber eyes full of knowledge met mine. "If he wants you, too, he'll be back once he can't take seeing it anymore." He raised his arms. "Or, you could go the responsible route and actually talk with him about it."

"Hmm." Yeah, no. "Our conversational skills have been lacking recently."

He chuckled. "Well, actions do speak louder than words."

"Not sure if that applies here."

"Believe me," he nodded, still grinning, "in this situation, it does."

Well, it took me a whopping two weeks - and many stiff brush-offs and arguments - after calling a hiatus with Ezra to want him back in my bed. Finn just wasn't cutting it, even if he was excellent in the sack, and no other man really caught my eye. To flat out want Ezra back. I was woman enough to admit that it was pretty f**king pathetic, but there it was: I wanted him something fierce.

Even more pathetically, I had no clue how to put King Fergus's advice into action. Or more precisely, I didn't feel right doing it. It just seemed...childish. Not to mention, I didn't really think it would work. But after Ezra came back that morning smelling of roses again, I used the entire day contemplating the pros and cons of flaunting a partner in front of him.

During that day's meeting with Elder Camden, Elder Harcourt, the other Elders, and the Kings, I thought about having Finn show up at our room, even as I half listened to them talk about the botched mission for Philip Masterson. The ass**le had apparently evaded them and gone into hiding with a few other United States officials as the rumors of war began to escalate. The Elders arguing for peace deduced that the Com leaders of the world weren't under a spell but hating us only out of fear and out of the bitty fact that we had lied to them - unknowingly - when the first treaty had been signed.

Through dinner, I debated asking Felix back to my bed. But I quickly vetoed that since he and I had struck a decent relationship of boss and protector. In the end, when I had decided King Fergus's advice just sucked, it came down to dancing that night at the bar where many had come to celebrate King Nelson's birthday.

Ezra and I weren't speaking to each other, which was half a blessing since it meant we weren't fighting - most Mysticals had gone back to watching us, waiting for a sparring match to occur. No, tonight he was firmly ignoring me, and I was trying my hardest to ignore him as we all drank a birthday toast to King Nelson, who was busy trying to make sure his mate, already two sheets to the wind, didn't drink all of the alcohol in a whiskey bottle.

The place was packed full of kiss asses, so I didn't notice when Elder Merrick slid behind me. His arm circled my waist as he pressed his lips lightly to the side of my neck. I jolted in surprise but laughed at his antics, never one to miss an opportunity when Ezra was near and still boggling my mind.

"Would you like to dance?" He nibbled at my throat again.

I tossed my drink back, more than ready to get out of Ezra's evasive sight. "Why not?"

He grinned, pulling me from the King's table. "It's about time you quit telling me no."

"You caught me on a good night." I pointed against his chest, which was just too muscular for his own good. "You know, a little ugly within the Mys could go a long way."

He laughed, pulling me to the edge of the dance floor, which had been constructed after Ezra and I had started a brawl that had resulted in a clean slate of space to work with. "Lily Ruckler, you're something else."

I bowed. "Why, thank you."

"Now, dance with me," he growled low, grinning like the devil. He pulled me flush against him. My eyebrows rose at the action, but I went with it, feeling just tipsy enough to enjoy myself. Lord almighty, the man could dance, making the act more sexual than two people on a crowded dance floor had a right to be. I chuckled as he lifted my leg over his hip, dipping me backward to place a line of hot kisses down the center of my chest, only just missing what cle**age I had.

"You're dirty." I grinned when he lifted me. "Watch out or my wolf might wake."

His lips tilted. "That could be interesting." His hands ran down my sides and gripped my hips, his fingers long enough that he was skimming a hold on my ass. "I've never had an alpha wolf in my bed before."

My grin grew, and I leaned up, whispering at his ear, barely heard over the beat of the music, "Just stay away from the birds."

He choked, coughing and laughing hard. He shook his head at me, and then bent, placing his lips against my ear. "Have you ever heard a more inappropriate sound when you're supposed to be sexually aroused?"

I chuckled, moving with him to the music. "Like f**king prey in the end."

"I went and had duck afterward, I craved it so bad," he chuckled, dipping me again. He held me there, staring down at me. Right as I scented Ezra close by, his lips landed on mine. The way he had me positioned, I couldn't exactly break free of him unless I wanted to fall on my head, so I held on tight as he firmly kissed my lips, careful not to slip his tongue inside my mouth, which I didn't miss, but he damn near took my breath away. It wasn't a bad kiss, by any stretch of the imagination. In fact, it made me think of him a little differently - much less as a teacher, and a bit more as a possible lover, but...he still wasn't Ezra.

Gradually, as the beat changed to the next song, he lifted me, his mouth not leaving mine until I was fully upright. I heard a few catcalls around us, and I blinked open my eyes to raise questioning eyebrows at him. His grin was pure mischief, reminding me very much of the animal he had inside him. I scented the air, and realized Ezra's scent was no longer close. My head cocked. "What game are you playing?"

That grin didn't change. "The only one worth a damn."

"Elder Merrick, you're a strange one." I thumped his chest, stepping back from him as the Shifters began to descend on us, wanting to be close to the alphas. "I can't quite figure you out."

He followed me, quickly evading the Shifters' clinging hands. "It's part of my mystery."

"Hmm." I eyed him as we left the dance floor. "And most women fall over themselves for it, don't they?"

He chuckled, nodding. "You caught me."

My eyes ran over his face. "No, I don't think I have." I paused, my grin slow. "Yet." I kissed his cheek, and moved through the crowd, grabbing my glass from King Nelson's table and barely keeping from rolling my eyes when King Kincaid gave me that smile meaning, seriously nice pick. The man was going to drive me up the wall.

After weaving my way through the crowd, I ducked behind the bar when the bartender looked the other way, and snuck through the back door, heading for their supply closet. That one time Finn and I had been in there, I had seen a collection of wines that were dusty with age, the bottles so old they had discolored, which meant...I was going to nab one and fill my glass tall with it. And hoard it the rest of the evening while everyone else drank regular beer.

Sneaking on quiet feet, I crept in a hunched position below the bar level, since the place where the hard liquor was stored was only open shelving, seeing plainly into the back room, and then slipped into the store closet, shutting the door swiftly behind me. It blocked some of the noise of the bar, but it was still pretty loud back here. I moved into the depths of the long, thin room, going straight for the section I had seen.

Humming quietly to myself, singing along to the music with my god-awful voice, I perused the different wines, sneezing a few times as dust blew up at me when I set one down too hard. Having finally decided, using the age of the bottle since the labels were no longer readable, I plucked the oldest looking one from the back and turned to leave. And squeaked, utterly startled, and shot straight up into the air, the bottle falling from my hand to crash open all over the floor. Red wine, appearing almost like blood, splashed all over my legs, pooling at my feet where I had landed from my Shifter-induced jump.

I rubbed my nose, dislodging any dust, and his scent invaded my senses. "What the hell?"

Ezra stood inside the supply closet, his back against the door, the hood of his robe up and creating a shadow across the top half of his face, but his green eyes were slightly glowing, peering out of the darkness straight at me. His hands were behind his back and his ankles crossed, so nothing about his position was really frightening, but he had snuck in here without me even hearing the difference in the noise levels or scenting him or making a sound himself. That, in itself, freaked me a bit. Well, not to mention his eyes, which weren't blinking.

When he stayed silent, I asked again, "Ezra?"

He pushed off the door, and began a deliberately slow stalk toward me. "You and Merrick?"

My arms crossed. "Not that it's any of your business, but we were only dancing."

His arms spread wide, fingers brushing the metal shelves on either side of the thin room. "I didn't realize dancing involved dry humping, his hands all over your ass, and his mouth on your br**sts and lips." That was his angry voice. I didn't need his grin full of fang to tell me he was pissed off. "You won't lack for partners if that's your version of dancing."

I almost took a step back, but instead locked my legs, holding my ground. "Who I choose to dance with, and how I choose to dance, is none of your f**king business." My nostrils flared in indignant anger. "And besides, at least I don't walk around smelling like f**king roses." My nose crinkled. "Seriously, what kind of woman smells like that? What does she do, roll around in them?"

He stopped, toe to toe with me. "She sprinkles her bed with rose petals."

I'd stuck my foot right into that one, but it didn't stop my anger from flaring that much higher, picturing this 'Rose' and Ezra rolling around on a bed full of red rose petals.

His Vampire took voice, growling low. "It's better than groping someone in f**king public."

My breathing was coming in pants, I was so furious. "Go f**k yourself, Ezra. If I want Merrick's hands on my ass, then they'll be there, just like if you want to smell like damn flowers, you'll jump in Rose's bed." I shoved at his chest, pushing past him toward the door I could see he had locked.

Only to be jerked back. Ezra's grip was unbreakable on my arms as he started shoving me backward toward the far wall. My breath caught at the action, my back slamming against the cold wall. Shocked at the rough treatment, my gaze shot to his. "What are you doing?"

"What I f**king want," he muttered, his voice deep and guttural. I jolted in surprise when he blurred and bent to press his mouth brutally against mine. And...yeah, it took me a few seconds to understand I was getting what I wanted. King Fergus's advice was spot on, even if I hadn't really had a damn thing to do with it. Ezra's lips ate at mine, and right when I snapped out of my shock, he leaned back the barest bit, groaning, "Tell me you want this too, sweetheart. Please tell me you want this."

I nodded, staring into his glowing gaze, my hands instantly going to his belt. "Yes, I want this. Now, kiss me and shut up."

"Fuck yes," he moaned, his lips obeying and melding with mine. I groaned, pressing against his lips harder, greedily sliding my tongue inside his mouth, which was instantly met with his, his growl overriding my own. I felt his belt break in my hasty, fumbling hands, but I just yanked it out of his pants, dropping it on the ground. Ezra's hands were quickly lifting the long linen skirt I had worn for the festive occasion, tearing the slits in the sides up to my thighs in his haste.

I felt like I couldn't move fast enough. I wanted to touch him all over, lick and bite every inch of his gorgeous flesh. My heart was pounding so hard it felt like it was going to jump completely out of my chest, sounding in rhythm to his. His hand cupped me between my legs just as I finally got his pants unbuttoned and unzipped. "Ezra..." I grabbed the back of his head, holding his mouth close to mine as I snuck my hand down his boxer briefs and gripped his c**k tight.

His groan was more growl, and I heard, and felt, my underwear rip. His fingers slid through my folds, and I jerked, my core throbbing deliciously at the touch, my lower stomach churning into an open flame. I started pumping him as quickly as I undulated my hips against his touch. I shouted into his mouth when he slid two of his fingers into me, instantly pistoning them in and out as his hips thrust against my fist.

"Oh Jesus, sweetheart." He pulled back from my mouth. "I need inside you."

I nodded brokenly, my head thumping against the wall. "Hurry." I groaned as he pulled his fingers away, but I yanked his pants and boxer briefs down his hips, right before my vision blurred as he spun me with his speed, pressing my front to the wall. He raked my skirt up over my hips, ripping off my underwear the rest of the way.

Bracing my hands on the wall, I spread my legs and tilted my hips out, presenting myself in blatant animalistic fashion, and barely felt him place his c**k at my entrance before he was shoving inside me. Both of us shouted at the instant friction, his c**k spreading me wide as my slick channel gripped him tight. Gripping my hips with bruising force, he brutally thrust once more before he was balls-deep inside me, shouting on a groan, "Sweetheart." He pulled back, slamming inside me again, making me choke on a scream from his possession. "Perfect."

His hands slid around my stomach and skimmed up under my shirt, ripping my bra to grab my br**sts as he started thrusting into me, pulling back only to slam in repeatedly. I screamed in pleasure as my world tilted from his possessive thrusts and at his dominance. He fondled my br**sts, squeezing hard, and shouted, "Fucking shit! The best...fucking best, little wolf."

"Ezra!" I screamed, pushing back on the wall, my hands fumbling for a grip as I pressed my core against him, tilting my hips further and my voice high and breathless. "Ezra, baby!"

One of his hands disappeared from my br**sts, his hips still pistoning and building a raging fire inside me, and he grabbed a fistful of my hair, yanking my face to the side. He slammed into me, making me scream as he growled, "Have you ever called anyone else that?" His cheeks were flushed bright pink, his eyes glowing, appearing like a man bent on ravaging.

"No, baby." I shook my head inside his hold. "Only you."

"Fucking right," he rumbled, his lips landing on mine unbreakably, even as he thrust into me viscously, making me gasp. His tongue pillaged the cavern of my mouth just as his c**k owned my core, thrusting into me so fiercely my body shook against him and warmth began to transfuse my limbs from my core outward. He pulled back, eyes on mine, and panted against my mouth, "I've only ever called you sweetheart."

A whimper escaped, and I pressed my lips back to his. "Baby..."

He grinned against my mouth, running his tongue along my bottom lip as his hands slid down to my hips, and he whispered, "I'm going to f**k you now." His teeth latched onto the crook of my neck in clear possession, his c**k repeatedly driving into me so forcefully I went on tiptoe, screaming his name. Unrelenting pleasure consumed my body and mind at his nonstop, merciless dominance, his groans and growls rocketing my craving, knowing he was just as affected as I was by this possessive joining. My elbows hit the wall as I lost my grip, but Ezra only grunted, his teeth biting in harder to hold me in place as he hammered in and out of me.

"Fuck, baby," I hollered, my wolf's nails piercing through my skin so I could dig into the wall. His predator growled, his thrusts becoming urgent, and one of his hands instantly slid around me, his fingers finding my clit. I jerked against him, screaming, "Harder!"

He pressed more firmly as I undulated my hips, making him shout against my skin. His body started trembling against me just as branding flames shot from my core, licking at my stomach, before an explosion of heat overtook my frame. I screamed his name long and hard, my body jerking against him so fiercely that he shoved me flat against the wall. With his last thrust, his face turned to the side of mine as he shouted my name, his body quaking just as hard as mine, his c**k pumping deep inside me while his hot cum adding to my pleasure as he filled me.

Honestly, I wasn't sure how long we stood like that, wrapped in our pleasure-filled haze. It seemed like forever as I slowly came down, my eyes gradually opening. I tilted my face, my breaths coming in shallow pants, my heart pounding fiercely against my chest. Ezra's face was toward mine, his cheek pressed against the wall, his arms wrapped tight around me, supporting me since my feet no longer touched the ground. He still appeared out of it, his eyes closed as he breathed heavily against my cheeks.

I tilted my head forward and kissed his lips lightly. Just a gentle brush. He made a noise deep in his throat, the sound hoarse and fully sated. I kissed him again. And yep, got the same response, making me grin, lazy pleasure enveloping me. I whispered against his lips, "I missed you."

His chuckle was the barest breath, and one green eye opened. "Missed you more."

"Doubtful," I mumbled, playfully biting his lower lip. "So...this wasn't just a one-time deal?" Please, say no. I held my breath, watching as his other eye opened.

He held my gaze steadily, even if his lids were drooped in relaxation. "No, sweetheart. This wasn't a one-time deal." He paused, licking his lips. "Not unless you want it to be?" His eyes darted back and forth between mine, his grip tightening.

"No, I want more of this." I smiled, completely content. "More of you."

His grin was damn near sweet, with his cheek scrunched on the wall as it was. "More of me, huh?"

"Yeah." I rolled my eyes. "More of you." I kissed him again, this time his lips softly molding against mine. "I've grown kind of fond of the badass Vampire."

He hummed, kissing me. "The feeling's mutual for the little wolf."

I nipped his bottom lip. "I called you badass and you call me little. How is that fair?"

He grinned, again appearing sweet. "Are your feet touching the ground?"

I scowled, but I don't think it came off as anything but lethargic squinting. "Shut up."

His eyes danced over my face. "God, you're cute."

My breath caught, my heart melting at the innocent words even though I tried scowling again. "That's like saying a rattlesnake isn't deadly."

"To a Mys, it's not." He chuckled as he watched my face scrunch up even further. "I'm going to get you a book on general Mystical knowledge." He was vibrating against me as I bared my teeth. "You need it and you know it."

I huffed. "Like I said, shut up." I wiggled my legs in the air, trying to be as dignified as I could, sniffing with the action. "Put me down."

An eyebrow cocked, even though his grin only increased as he watched my face. "Say please."

I stared for probably far too long, loving seeing him like this, and I couldn't help but kiss him once more, missing him that damn much. "Please, baby?"

He blinked, staring right back, his gaze running over my face. His lips found mine. This kiss lasted longer than our previous gentle brushes, one of his hands lifting to thread his fingers through my hair and holding the back of my head as he slanted us away from the wall so he could tilt his head, deepening the kiss. My sigh was profound as his tongue gently slid against mine, curling to slowly retreat, only to repeat it again just as leisurely. The kiss ended just as slowly as it had begun, by gradual increments, as he tilted his head back. And he kissed my nose once before lifting me off him, both of us grunting with the intimate motion, and setting me on my feet.

Pulling my skirt down, I glanced around the room, and jolted, realizing... "Holy shit! When did that happen?"

Ezra stopped in the process of reaching for wet wipes on one of the shelves - he couldn't go out there smelling like me - his attention shooting first to me, then to where I was staring. Which was the whole room in general. Including the wall we had been against. There was a golden sparkle of protection coating the entirety of the room's walls.

"Fuck," Ezra rumbled, his face swinging to the door. "Hopefully it was Pearl."

My hand clamped over my mouth. "We weren't that loud, were we?" My wide eyes met his equally round gaze. I pointed vaguely. "There's music out there for the Vamps."

He quickly nodded, grabbing the wet wipes off the shelf. "No one would be able to hear us out in the bar." He quickly cleaned himself as I slipped my flip-flops back on, which had fallen off, and I motioned to his fingers, which he wiped down. "I wouldn't have started this here if I thought they could hear us."

"I know," I murmured as he fixed his pants. I picked up his belt and my panties, which were both ruined, and tossed them deep into a trash can, under a few things smelling horrendous, and used a few of the wet wipes to clean off my own hands. "How does my hair look?" I pitched the wet wipes into the trash, and turned to him.

His lips twitched as he pulled his hood up, which had fallen at some point. "Like you've been properly f**ked."

I sighed, waving my hands at it. "Well, fix it."

"Calm down," he murmured softly, running his fingers through my hair, which did, indeed, feel tangled as he tugged through it relentlessly. "Whoever put up the spell did so with our protection in mind."

"And hopefully not blackmail," I griped quietly, fixing his shirt, which was crooked. "This is King Nelson's party, after all." I paused. "Lots of Mages."

His fingers stalled for a moment before moving again through my hair. "Do try to be optimistic. Comments like that take years off my life."

I sighed. "I'm just trying to prepare for who I might have to kill."

His gaze met mine. "If there's any killing that needs to be done because we're sleeping together," he actually pumped his pec muscles, "I'll be the one to do it."

I stared, dry words flowing, "Really? A man thing?"

He sniffed, jaw hardening. "Yes."

I patted his chest. "Okay, Conan, you can kill the baddies." I smiled sweetly. "And I'll scream and run away in terror."

He blinked, then snorted. "That'll be the day." But he positioned himself in front of me as we moved toward the door. He paused for a moment with his hand on the door handle, ear to the door, but his eyebrows came together as he glanced at me with a shake of his head. Cracked the door just a smidge to peek out. He jerked, cursing, as it slammed back into his face from the outside.

Low and behold, Bindi slipped inside the door, shutting it firmly behind her. My lips pinched and my claws literally sliced through my fingers, even as Ezra growled at her, his predator taking voice, while he rubbed at his eye. Bindi placed her hands on her hips, stating bluntly, "Are you two f**king insane?"

"Possibly." I smiled at her. It wasn't pretty, my eyes flashing. "You were the one who put the protection on the room?"

She huffed. "Of course I was. I was here to pass out free condoms to all the partiers, and decided to check the storage closet where people - who are f**king morons - sometimes sneak off. And imagine my surprise when I hear the Prodigy Shifter and Prodigy Vampire going at it." She shook her head, crossing her arms. "Do you know how many people I shooed away?"

I stared at her foot as it started thumping in irritation at our silence.

"Um, no?" Ezra asked slowly, also watching her closely, his nostrils flared.

She snorted. "Apparently, there's some really good wine in here King Nelson wants." Her gaze wandered to the broken wine bottle on the floor, rolling her eyes, before her attention returned to us. "Roughly, I turned away fifteen people, only six of which were sneaking back here to do what you two were already doing," she glanced at her watch, "for the last forty-five minutes." She rubbed her ear, glancing at me. "The spell doesn't work for the person who creates it. No one will ever claim you have weak lungs." She chuckled, gaze to Ezra. "Or you."

My wolf's nails disappeared. "You aren't going to say anything?"

She blinked. "I'm a physician. I've seen many things in my lifetime that I've never once divulged information about. Besides, if I was going to say something about you two, I would have done so when I determined he was the father of your twins."

We both stilled.

"Excuse me?" I asked gently. "How the hell did you know that?"

Her eyebrows rose. "You mean other than the fact that he acted like the father trying to not act like the father?" I growled, and she stated hurriedly, "During my exam, I knew the babies were hybrids. Their power signatures were in their DNA, unprotected and new. Vampire and Shifter. I didn't just scan you, Ms Ruckler. I also scanned them when I did the internal exam."

My whole body stiffened. "Did you treat me any differently, knowing they were hybrids?"

Instant. "No, I did everything I could to save them. I'm not the Executioner. That isn't my job, thank God." She actually scowled at me. "I save lives, not take them."

Truth.

My whole body relaxed.

Ezra cleared his throat. Twice. Quiet words. "Do you know what their genders were?"

Her lips pinched, her gaze instantly softening before lowering. "Are you sure you want to know?" She motioned to the room. "You're both moving on. Why stray to the past?"

"Please...," he whispered softly, eyes avidly on her.

She cleared her throat. "A boy and a girl."

My breath caught, and my knees weakened to the point that Ezra had to slide an arm around me, holding me close so I didn't crumble.

Bindi's gaze met ours, and I saw only the medic in her expression. "When you plan to have children again," her tone was matter-of-fact, her gaze flicking back and forth between Ezra and me, "make sure you see a doctor immediately, once you believe conception has occurred. She has a weak cervix, an incompetent cervix. There's a procedure the Coms do - we sometimes perform it on the few Mysticals who need it - to sew the cervix." She glanced at me. "It can't be done once you're dilated to four centimeters," her gaze again flicked between Ezra and me, "but before that, it can be done to help the cervix from dilating. That procedure and bed rest will give you a better shot at a healthy baby being born."

Thoughts flying through my head in damning implications, I wheezed, "It was my fault?"

Ezra's grip on me instantly tightened, his gaze flying to mine. "That's not what she said." His voice was gruff, his eyes steadfast as he brushed a tear away from my cheek, which I hadn't even realized had fallen. "She said it was your cervix, which we didn't know about before."

My breath came in pants, incriminating thoughts slowing, and I nodded jerkily. He was right. We hadn't known about that. If we had, we would have fixed it. My body shuddered, my head falling against Ezra's chest. It hadn't been my fault.

Bindi spoke carefully. "As I said, with the proper care, it can be treated with successful rates for full-term children."

Ezra didn't even blink, glancing at her. "Thank you. For everything you've told us, and for putting a protection on the walls." He began rubbing my back soothingly, my heart rate gradually decreasing with the motion.

She pointed at the door, her blank expression turning into a scowl. "That thing is so thin, I will have nightmares about growling people screaming 'sweetheart', 'baby'," she snorted, "and my personal favorite, 'little wolf'." Ezra's said growl returned, but she only chuckled. "Be smart in the future if you two want to keep what seems like a good thing going." And she slipped out the door without a backward glance, the golden protection disappearing with her.

Ezra bent his head, sighing heavily against my head and holding me close. "I'm not straying to the past, but I just needed to know. I'm sorry if it hurt you to hear, though."

I tilted my face, kissing his jaw. "It's better than always wondering."

"Exactly." He hugged me tight before moving to open the door a crack, peeking out. "I'll go first." His gaze met mine, then darted over my face. "Go straight to the bedroom. We've got missing time to make up for."

My lips quirked. "Say please."

"Please, sweetheart?"

My grin grew. "Okay, since you asked nicely."

"That'll be the only thing I ask nicely." He grinned when I huffed in exasperation - the man never let me win - then made a quick kissing motion at me, just to irritate me more, before ducking and blurring so fast he left a backdraft.

I crept back to the wine bottles and snatched one. Ezra and I could drink it together later. Or hell, maybe even save it as a keepsake of this place. I blinked at that soft thought, not knowing where the hell it had come from, right before I ducked and secretly made my way out of the bar.

Ezra growled against my neck, sounding more like he purred, gently thrusting into me. Our bodies were slick with sweat from our two-hour marathon since leaving the bar. We'd made it all the way to the couch when we'd first arrived. Then to the floor by the dressers. Each time just as fierce as in the supply closet, but this time, haphazardly sideways on the bed, it was different.

Slow.

Soft.

Decadent.

Honestly, I wasn't sure we had ever had sex like this. It felt more like making love. Something I had only ever done before with Dominic.

"Ezra?" I whispered, moaning softly as our hips met in a sweet glide. Sliding my feet over the backs of his legs, my inner thighs smoothing across his hips, I arched against him as he filled me again. I cried out, my body trembling from the delicious friction.

"Hmm?" His tongue dipped into the hollow of my throat, lapping the moisture there.

Swallowing hard, my hands ran across his back and gripped his shoulder blades as I lifted my hips to meet his measured thrust. "Look at me."

He rose on his elbows, face hovering over mine. Our gazes held, both our expressions of loving pleasure. My lids drooped a smidge as he tilted his hips and pressed into me at a different angle, his breath catching as he watched my reaction.

"Baby," my voice was breathless, "we're making," I moaned softly, my body shuddering under his as our bodies met again, "love."

His eyes crinkled, lips lifting, and his nose rubbed against mine. "Yes, we are."

"It's been a long time since I've done this."

He brushed his lips across mine, his breaths falling against my cheeks. "Me, too."

My eyes darted between his, seeing as how he wasn't hiding his gaze. "I like it."

His lips lifted against mine as we shared our air. "Same here."

I swallowed hard, groaning, his in concert with mine. "I like it a lot." My hands began sliding over his shoulders, feeling the way his back muscles flexed with his movement.

His chuckle was breathless. "Agreed. We should do it more often." His head tilted, our lips gliding as our bodies were, before his tongue softly met mine, his mouth eating my whimper. His fingers threaded through my hair and cupped my head in a gentle hold, giving me access to slant my own head and deepen the kiss further. My hands slid to his perfect ass and gripped him firmly enough to feel the pull and play of his strength as our hips continued to meet, the friction purely sinful.

"Sweetheart," he moaned, tangling his tongue with mine.

Suddenly, a few things happened at once in no particular order, except for the first, which was a startled, loud-ass banshee shriek sounding to my right and causing my mouth and Ezra's to separate. Then it all sort of unfolded in a huge clusterfuck as we saw Jack and Pearl standing just inside the room, their wide gazes very much on us.

I screamed, sounding horribly like a girl.

Ezra's fangs sliced out, his eyes flashing bright green.

Jack shouted, "Shit!"

Pearl shrieked like a banshee again.

The blanket somehow got thrown over us.

Jack threw his hands up, hollering, "We didn't know!"

I was pretty sure I screamed again.

Ezra yelled, "A little privacy, goddamn it!"

Pearl and Jack literally slammed into each other as they jerked, trying to turn around, and both fell to the ground in a tangle of ungraceful limbs. Ezra and I blinked, watching Jack jump to his feet and yank Pearl up unceremoniously by an arm. He threw the door open, shoving her out, but paused, grousing over his shoulder, "Next time, give us some f**king warning." A pause, then a deep huff of air. "We're only going to be gone an hour. And change the damn sheets when you're done." He stepped out of the room, slamming the door shut behind him.

We both stared at the closed door for a full minute, our heartbeats gradually turning from frantic to a semblance of normal.

Ezra growled low, his predator sounding pissed off, and his gaze moved to mine. The man sound just as ticked as he asked, "Did that ruin the mood for you?"

Quietly, I chuckled, running my hands through his hair. "Not a chance. Plus, we don't have to explain we're having sex again to them." His furious eyes slowly blinked, his expression beginning to clear, as I started gently pulling his face down to mine. Nibbling at him lush bottom lip, I whispered, "How about you?"

He shook his head, his gaze on my mouth. "It'll take a hell of a lot more than that to break the mood for me, but," his gaze lifted to mine and back down to my mouth, "you screamed."

"Hmm," I hummed, licking across his lip. "Didn't like that, did you?"

Instant. "No." His arched eyebrows were still together.

"How about this?" I lifted my hips, his c**k sliding a bit further into me, and he shuddered on top of me. "Do you like that?" That whole Conan metaphor earlier wasn't really so off base. Ezra was definitely a man who didn't like the woman who he cared about and was sleeping with to be frightened. It bothered him on a different level. He needed his mind taken off it in a different way, hence the grinding, our sensual powers flaring around us.

His eyes were closed, teeth gritted as he nodded joltingly. "You sure?"

"Ezra," I arched against him, pressing my body to him tightly, "I want to make love."

He muttered, "Thank you, Jesus." Not a second later, his lips were on mine. And we did proceed to make slow love to one another, barely having time to change the sheets on the bed before Jack and Pearl returned.

Chapter Thirteen

Elder Merrick chuckled quietly, standing behind me as he taught me how to flip myself over him while also breaking his neck. Well, not really break his neck, but how the move was done for a surprise attack from behind, using only a smidge of my strength to carry me up and over him. This exercise was actually fun since he was the one who continually hit the mat. I had really enjoyed seeing his ass down there and not having the situation the other way around.

"What's so funny?" I asked, wiping my forehead, which was sweating disgustingly.

"Your escort has returned from his absence," he breathed against my ear, his finger traveling over my shoulder.

I brushed his hand away. "Stop that." I turned my face to his. "What are you-" I stopped, sniffing the air. Ah. My eyes instantly hooded. Ezra. "We have plans to do brunch."

Again with the whispered breath against my ear. "Is that what it's called nowadays?"

I snorted before I could stop it, then quickly coughed. "Brunch, as in lots of plates full of yummy treats." I paused, but quickly added, just in case he came up with something raunchy for that, "Food. Substance." I slapped at his hand as it started to brush up my arm. "I'd rather see you on the mat than have you groping at me." And yes, I said it loudly, just in case Ezra was listening. Although, I wasn't quite sure why. "Let's do this once more so I can go eat."

Elder Merrick chuckled, sneaking in a quick kiss against my sweaty, disgusting neck - served him right - before he slapped my ass, saying, "Then do it."

I rubbed my forehead. "You're a pain in what you just inappropriately touched."

"That position is one of my favorites if you would care to find out."

I blinked. "Huh?"

He laughed gravelly, murmuring, "Innocence is for the young, Ms Ruckler. Branch out a little."

I had no clue what he was talking about. "Whatever." I threw a scowl over my shoulder. "Can I hurt you now?"

"Now you're getting the idea."

"You talk in riddles," I muttered, then jumped, giving him no notice. I tucked, rotating in the air, then reached out and gripped his neck as I started to descend behind him. I shoved down hard as I untucked, the act where I would jerk an enemy's head clean off. I landed beautifully on my feet as he thumped hard on the mats below me.

He grunted, grabbing at his ear. He blinked. Gave his ear another tug. "Cahal taught him well." A slow grin up at me. "Your escort is much less innocent than you, Ms Ruckler."

My gaze shot to Ezra. I saw the glow swiftly diminish from his eyes, returning them to their normal stunning green. My lips pinched, realizing he had used an old form of Vampire communication to say something to Elder Merrick during my take-down. My gaze moved to the intended recipient as he jumped to his feet. "I took you down fair and square." I wasn't about to let Ezra's distraction say otherwise.

"You did." Elder Merrick rubbed his neck. "A bit too hard, really."

I nodded once. Truth. "See you tomorrow."

He waved absently, popping his neck, and I went to where Ezra was sitting on the bleachers, next to my bag. He was reclined with his arms on the seat behind him, watching me move toward him. His gaze was guarded, even though his lips were lifted in a predatory way. I grabbed my bag, tossing him a dirty look, and pulled a sweatshirt out along with a water bottle.

Quietly, he murmured, "I didn't say anything until he was already on his back."

My hands stalled. "Promise?"

"Yes."

I nodded, glancing at him as I pulled the sweatshirt on. "What did you say?"

He grinned, his fangs slightly lowered. "Nothing too bad."

Yeah, right. "Just be careful."

"Always," he whispered, eyes moving around the room and not staying anywhere in particular as I began guzzling my water. "So, my dad." He cleared his throat. "Well anyway, he stopped by the kitchen this morning and asked if I'd join him and my mom for lunch. I told him I had plans already for brunch..."

I blinked, watching as his eyes flittered everywhere but me. "It's alright if you're cancelling. I can just meet with King Fergus earlier."

His eyes did meet mine then. With a bit of irritation. "You're still going to meet with him?"

My eyebrows rose, but I whispered, "He's lonely. I was lonely. We've become...friends, I guess. I'm not going to leave him hanging when he needs someone." I shrugged, drinking from my water bottle again. "Plus, it's fun."

His lips pinched, but he didn't say anything further about King Fergus. "I wasn't cancelling our brunch." His fingers tapped on the bleacher. "My dad asked who I had plans with," he paused, clearing his throat, "and I told him you." Another pause. "He somehow manipulated the situation to where he and my mom are now joining us."

I stared. "You didn't."

"Not on purpose," he groused, sitting forward and rubbing his neck. "He got the better of me."

Goddamn Cahal and his wily ways. "Well," I guzzled the rest of my water, "I think I'm not feeling well."

Ezra shook his head. "Don't try to back out. It'll only arouse his suspicion more."

I groaned, chucking the empty water bottle into my bag, which I then zipped up. "I'm all disgusting and stinky. If I'm going to," Christ, "have a meal with your parents, I would prefer to be clean." I paused. "And possibly drunk."

He glanced at his watch. "No time for either." He stood, grabbing my bag and tossing it over his shoulder. "We're meeting them in ten minutes."

"Perfect," I mumbled, walking with him as I tried to fix my ponytail, half my hair wet from sweat. "Maybe I'll stink them out."

He chuckled. "Vampires, sweetheart. Not Shifters."

"Any clue why he wanted to have lunch with you?"

He peered at me, eyes roaming my face. "Just to have lunch."

"Oh." I glanced forward. It had been so long since a parent figure wanted to have a meal with me just for the mutual pleasure of it that I had forgotten families actually did that. "Right."

I could still feel his eyes on me as we wound through the Mysticals, who were watching us warily since we weren't arguing, and he finally asked, "Did you and your mom have a favorite place to eat?"

My smile was soft. The hurt of her death was no longer unbearable. "At home. She loved to cook." My grin increased, memories invading. "She used to slap at Antonio's hands when he tried getting to the food before it was ready." I chuckled. "I remember a few times when he chased her around the kitchen while she held a bowl of cookie dough like it was a football. She would always threaten to beat him over the head with her skillet when it got to that point."

"Sounds nice," he murmured, standing close to me when the walkway became too crowded. "We ate out a lot since my mom could burn water she was so awful at cooking. Our favorite place was this little Italian restaurant with the most hideous red decor, but the food was amazing. We'd go there every Wednesday night for family night, no matter our schedules."

I blinked. "Is it Wednesday?" Time had blurred here, days becoming weeks as we waited, at the brink of war, in this sanctuary.

"I don't know," he said absently. A pause. "We should get a calendar so we're not oblivious."

I nodded, agreeing wholeheartedly as we paused before the dining hall's doors. "Show time."

Ezra grunted and then inhaled deeply, opening the door for me.

It was deja vu all over again as the place went quiet when we entered. Ezra and I ignored them the best we could as we peered around the dining hall. Leave it to a scary-ass mom to embarrass her son fully by shouting from the far corner, "Ezra, dear!" She waved grandly. "We're over here!"

My lips pinched in an effort not to laugh as Ezra sighed, giving her a little wave as everyone's heads flew back and forth between mom and son, watching. He pointed at the buffet, and herded me in that direction, just as we heard his mom state loudly and gruffly to the entire packed dining hall, "Show's over, people. Eat your damn food and quit gawking."

A chuckle did escape me as Ezra sighed again, rubbing his face, cheeks pink. "Aw, she loves you."

"Damn embarrassing," he muttered, grabbing two plates. "I'll never hear the end of it from the Vamps."

I snorted, and whispered as the dining hall began to resonate with quiet chatter, "Just threaten to invite your mom to their gatherings and they'll shut up."

Ezra hummed as I picked up two plates. "Not a bad idea."

Sitting at their table with our trays loaded with plates and drinks, Ezra and I politely ignored the way his parents eyed our food. It was the usual wide-eyed expression most adults had at seeing our normal intake of yummy grub. Although, they didn't seem surprised by Ezra's - their gazes pretty much stuck to my tray, which held just as much as his. In their silence, we did our normal: set the desserts between us, eyed each other's food to see what the other had gotten - just in case we had missed the other sneaking in something extra tasty - then pretty much reached over each other to snag items we really wanted...because it never failed that someone else's food looked better than your own.

Grass...greener...yada, yada.

But I was proud I remembered to place my napkin on my lap. I wasn't one to go without manners, so I carefully stuffed my mouth full of sausage drenched in syrup from Ezra's plate. God, that was good. Okay, maybe a little moan escaped as I forked another one, even as he nabbed a few strawberries off my plate.

But he did the unthinkable. He tried to take my strawberry jam packet. I growled, my wolf taking voice, slapping his hand. "Mine."

His eyes narrowed, and he slowly took the banana pudding from its place between us. He held it far away, my eyes avidly on it. "Then this is mine, since I got it." His head tilted toward the buffet, slowly grinning, his eyes still slitted. "And I got the last one."

My hand fisted on the strawberry packet, lips pinched, the smell of bananas wafting toward me. "Fine, I'll split the jam." My other hand reached for the pudding, fingers waggling.

"Thank you," he nodded, setting the banana pudding between our trays again. "Jam, please."

I grumbled, but handed it over, watching him closely as he picked up his knife, positioning it over the opened packet. "Nope." My finger flicked. "To the right a little."

He gave me a cross look. "This is half." And he sliced into it.

No, it wasn't.

I waited a moment, then stole his knife with the jam on it. "My half." I grabbed my toast before he could argue, spreading the jam. I bit into it, grinning around my bite. "And it's good."

He growled, his predator ticked, but grabbed his knife back and spread his jam on his bread.

Vivian cleared her throat, and we both jolted in our chairs, our attention snapping to her. Again, we had forgotten about the people sitting with us. I wasn't sure if it was a food thing, but Ezra and I were making a very bad habit of this. His parents were both resting back in their chairs, staring.

Stupidly, I mumbled, "We like food."

"I don't believe that escaped our attention," Cahal stated dryly.

"You would think they hadn't eaten in weeks," Vivian murmured absently.

Ezra cleared his throat and picked up a cup of hot chocolate, holding it out to her. "I got this for you."

I stared at the wafting steam rising off it, the scent of creamy chocolate - my hot chocolate I had asked him to grab for me - filling my nostrils as he tried to give it away.

"Dear, I think you had better put that back down," Vivian stated quietly.

"Shit," Ezra mumbled, my attention avidly on my drink as he set it back on his tray and grabbed the cup of steaming tea next to it, holding it out to her. "I meant this one."

Covertly, I lifted my hot chocolate off his plate, putting it on the far side of my tray so he wouldn't try again to give away what was mine, as Vivian took the tea, saying, "Thank you. Although, I am surprised you thought of me during your raid of the buffet."

"Was there anything left?" Cahal drawled.

"Give us a break, Dad," Ezra grumbled. "You were young once."

Cahal chuckled. "It feels like forever ago."

Ezra grinned, grabbing his coffee off my plate. "It was."

Vivian smiled at Cahal. "Wide open."

I glanced at each of them while chewing my waffle - my mouth closed. They were one of those families. The cutesy kind. All smiles and love.

There had been plenty of smiles and laughter in my family, too, but there had also been an underlying caution. We were always watchful. A bit wary of those around us, at all times. Even at our dinners we would always have half our attention on the front door as we joked with one another.

Cahal caught me staring, his eyes quickly assessing. "So, Ms Ruckler," too late to glance away, dammit, "we know scarcely anything about you. What can you tell us about yourself?"

Hardly anything. I pointed at my chewing mouth. Stalling. Organizing my thoughts, I wiped my mouth and took a few swigs of my coffee, then stated, "You know Antonio and my mom, Angela Springs, raised me. After Antonio left, my mom passed away, and my uncle," Ezra growled a bit, "took over my guardianship until King Kincaid took over that duty. I was mated to Dominic Kincaid before he was murdered. His power went to me at his death, and I became the Prodigy Shifter. The rest you pretty much know from there."

My head tilted. "I also love to read for pleasure, my original degree being in Creative Writing before I was put on the fast track to graduate in Political Science. I enjoy the outdoors as long as it's not snowing. Hate materialistic items unless they serve a valid purpose, although, I have a secret passion for tattoos," I whispered, "They're hot." I cleared my throat, moving on, "I'm an extremely skilled driver. Need a getaway driver and I'm your gal. I'll pick a romantic movie over an action flick any day, but give me a great comedy and it'll be a toss-up...unless it's cartoons, in which case, reverse everything I just said. I don't agree with rules that hold no meaning except for 'they just are'. I loved my mom, and amazingly, I still love Antonio. Also, my favorite food is ice-cream."

Cahal stared.

Vivian blinked.

And Ezra continued eating.

Hopefully that was enough abstract information to distract them from the fact I hadn't mentioned a damn thing about my younger years when I was hiding in the Com community. I picked up my spoon and quickly scooped up some banana pudding, since Ezra's spoonfuls were twice as big as mine and were making it quickly disappear. Our spoons scraped against each other's just as he took the last bit.

"I only got one bite," I grumbled, scowling as his spoon rose to his lips. "I was talking, Ezra."

He stared at his spoonful, and then sighed, handing it over.

I dropped my utensil, grabbing his, and hummed in pleasure as banana exploded across my tastebuds. "Thank you."

He shrugged and grabbed my coffee cup off my tray, since his was long gone. There was half left in mine, but I didn't mind since I had a Coke to wash down the rest of my food. I put his spoon back on his tray and picked up my fork - as Ezra sipped at my heavily creamed and sugared coffee - slicing off some off my pancake. "I've never been to California," I said cordially to his parents, not forgetting they were there this time. "Ezra's told me his favorite parts about it, but what made you choose to live there in the beginning?" I placed my slice of pancake in my mouth, looking up to them politely.

Vivian's mouth was slightly parted, her eyes darting back and forth between us. My chewing slowed as my eyebrows puckered in confusion, my eyes darting to Cahal. He was watching Ezra, who in turn was staring at my plate, eyeing the remaining food there. Absently, I pushed my tray to the side, farther from his reach, while pushing the full fruit bowl in the center closer to him, as my eyes moved back and forth between his parents.

Cahal cleared his throat, apparently just realizing they had been silent for too long after my question. "That's where I chose my home base. I enjoy the weather."

A perfectly non-descriptive answer.

Which I ignored, asking, "Mrs Zeller, is something wrong?"

Ezra's head snapped up from the food, obviously hearing the caution in my tone.

Her finger started to lift, pointing, but Cahal's hand quickly covered hers, lowering it back to the table, and he murmured, "She's fine. She's just in shock."

She was staring at our food, which we had managed to put pretty much all away.

"You should see us when we're really hungry."

Ezra's head cocked. "Is that all, Mom?"

She blinked. "Yes." She cleared her throat. "Only shock."

Lie, then truth.

My gaze narrowed, following hers. She was staring at my coffee cup in Ezra's hand. Casually, I lifted it from his grasp, ignoring his grumbling to not drink it all, and took a sip. Watching her. Her eyes widened marginally, her heart rate accelerating.

Ezra's hand halted in trying to get it back, and his gaze slammed to her, apparently hearing the same thing. "Mom?" His head cocked, staring at me when she didn't answer. He blinked. Blinked again, his eyes going to the cup I held, tapping my fingers against it. I had no clue what was going on. But Ezra stilled, eyes widening before hooding, his heart rate shooting off.

Glancing at all of them, I murmured into the quiet, "Do I want to know what we've done wrong now?"

Ezra's chuckle was breathy and, placing an elbow on the table and leaning heavily on it, he used his hand to cover his mouth. "Probably not."

"And still, I do."

That odd chuckle again as he flicked a finger at the coffee cup. "I forgot."

Truth.

"Forgot what?"

His eyes went to his parents, hand still over his mouth. "It means nothing."

Not so much the truth.

"It took you long enough to remember." Cahal rested back in his chair, arms resting over his middle. "You did it in front of my group the day Jacobs and Merrick arrived."

Again, Ezra chuckled. "That's right. It makes sense now." I was pretty sure I had never heard him make that sound before. It was more of a nervous gesture than an actual laugh.

"Um, hello?" I stated quietly, placing down the coffee cup that had created this mess. "I would love to be enlightened."

Ezra's gaze darted to mine, holding there. "Sharing a drink with another Mystical is a gesture that you trust one other with your lives."

I stared. "I think I'm missing the issue here. Of course we trust each other with our lives. We're part of our four." And the big deal is?

"And?" Cahal hedged, head cocking.

Ezra cleared his throat. "It's really only a big deal if you do it in front of others during a large gathering like a meal or a party."

Still, I stared.

Cahal coughed.

Ezra's head tilted back and forth, and he said quietly behind his hand, eyes on mine, "And the symbolic gesture is done when two people are," he paused, "courting one another." My mouth gaped, and he added quickly, "One partner initiates it, pretty much telling any other suitors vying for the other partner's attention to back off, and when the other partner drinks from the cup it means they accept the offer." He choked. "It's done at marriage ceremonies as an old tradition."

I was pretty sure my eyes were as large as saucers, but I cleared my throat, picking the coffee cup back up. "All that for drinking from this?"

All three nodded.

My chuckle sounded as weird as Ezra's had, my gaze swinging back and forth between his parents. "Well, I told you guys I didn't like rules that 'just are'." I toasted them. "Bottoms up." And I downed the remaining contents.

Ezra made a choking noise, his hand blurring he grabbed the cup so quickly from me, but I had already finished it off. There hadn't been much left. He stared into its porcelain depths. He made a gurgling noise, tipping the thing upside down. Nothing fell.

Vivian's hand covered her mouth, her eyes wide.

Cahal cleared his throat, staring at the cup. "What he didn't finish telling you, Ms Ruckler, is the prophecy of the act of sharing a drink."

Ezra sat the cup down carefully. "If the drink is consumed completely, greed instead of selflessness, the one who took the last drop will sacrifice all for their partner."

Huh. "It sounds complicated." I gestured to the cup. "And yet, it's still an old tradition full of superstition. We had no clue what we were doing, and we're only friends, not on the track for marriage." I shrugged.

Ezra rested back, also shrugging, finally getting his act together. "No problem." He scooted the cup with his finger. Away from him.

I snorted, giving him a moment more to compose himself. "No wonder Elder Merrick's and Elder Jacobs's eyes went wide."

"Yes, they were surprised," Cahal murmured, his eyes still on the cup, like his wife's. "And before, out of curiosity, I checked the beer bottle and the two coffee cups that day, after you left. There were a few drops left in each one." His gaze lifted to ours. With very quiet words, he asked point-blank, "Is there anything romantically going on between the two of you?"

Well, today he wasn't beating around the bush, and beautifully, Ezra and I kept studious expressions on our faces, our heart rates normal. Probably because we had been accused of it so often in the past that we were now used to it. My eyebrows rose, and I pointed at the cup. "You're asking because you believe in an ancient ritual?"

He rested back in his chair again. "Actually, no, I'm not asking because of that. Although, I do believe in it, even the prophecy, since I've seen it occur, the one who drank the last drop not even realizing they were completing the sacrifice."

"Me, too," Vivian murmured absently, her hand still over her mouth, her eyes on the cup.

"No, Dad," Ezra whispered. "There is not, and never has been, anything romantically going on between Lily and me." Lie. "We're only friends." Lie. "But, don't feel bad, you're not the first to think otherwise." Truth.

He said it all without a fluctuating heartbeat or batting an eye.

Cahal's blank expression didn't change, his gaze turning to me. He raised one eyebrow. "And your answer would be?"

"The same." I scrutinized his raised eyebrow as I spoke quietly. It had the same arched shape as Ezra's. "He and I aren't involved outside of friendship and business." Score to the big ol' liar who didn't flinch under pressure.

His head cocked, face perfectly expressionless, as he spoke barely above a whisper. "What were you two doing together in the supply closet last night at King Nelson's party?"

"Arguing," Ezra stated instantly, earning his father's gaze, which was convenient since I froze.

"For close to an hour?"

"Yes."

"The argument was about?"

Ezra hesitated, and I said, "A personal issue."

Cahal's dark gaze turned steady on me. "Personal?"

"Yes." I shrugged. "We're friends, so we tend to have those."

Instant. "Who was the father of your babies?"

My gaze narrowed. "That is none of your business."

"Perhaps." He nodded once. "But how is it the father didn't know you were pregnant? Any Shifter male knows by scent alone."

My lips thinned, digging myself deeper. "I was only with him once."

He hummed, eyes to Ezra. "And you've tasted her blood before?"

"If you're asking if I have bitten her in a sexual act, the answer is no, since I've already stated we've never been involved," Ezra growled, his jaw clenched tight. "And I think that's enough of your inappropriate questions."

"One more," he whispered delicately, his eyes steady on his son. "Why were you as heartbroken as Ms Ruckler when she miscarried?"

I stared at his eyebrows, scrutinizing them hard, trying to think of nothing. Of course, his dad had been scenting Ezra's emotions during that time. He had been right there, watching over his son. He hadn't been there for me. In retrospect, I should have made him leave.

I heard Ezra's heart pound erratically for the barest moment, before he got himself under control, stating, "Lily's my friend. It hurt me to see her hurting."

Both his parents stared at him.

I cleared my throat, glancing at Ezra with a small smile. "A meal is never just a meal when I'm involved." I placed my napkin on the table. "I think I'm going to head out so you three can enjoy yourselves." I did feel bad for ruining their obviously good time together.

Vivian's hand shot out. "No. Please, don't." She tilted her head at Cahal. "He doesn't know when to quit sometimes." She motioned at the buffet. "We'll get some coffee and the four of us will talk," she eyed her mate, "civilly."

Ezra's gaze was steady on mine. "It's up to you."

I paused.

My gaze roamed over the almond shape of his green eyes, which could be large and expressive or carefully blank and were hidden behind his thick lashes, then over his dark arched eyebrows, his sharp cheekbones, the complexion of his mocha skin, his strong jaw with its severe angles, and his full, wide red lips, which were parted slightly, his straight white teeth flashing between them. He looked so much like his father. I knew that deep within him he was much the same, so that I could truly respect one, and not the other, wasn't fair. I inhaled deeply and nodded. "I'll stay." And try to not let his father rattle me, and hope my being here wouldn't ruin his family's comradeship.

Ezra's lips quirked, one eyebrow rising. "That's brave, after an Elder Zeller examination." His eyes took their own slow perusal of each of my features. "You're a regular glutton for punishment."

"Or," I held up a finger, "I just really want another cup of coffee."

He chuckled softly. "Or there's that."

My lips lifted, actually happy to be staying. "And more banana pudding, since you ate it all." To spend more time with him.

His scowl was completely fake. "You had the last bite."

I hummed. "You can have the last one this time, since I've completely," my eyes rolled grandly, "upset your delicate sensibilities."

His grin was slow, like the sun peeking out behind a cloud to eventually cast its full glory on you. "Finally, you see the error of your ways."

"Oh, no," I murmured, eyes caught on the beauty he was gracing me with. "I'm not conceding anything. I'm only informing you of your gentle constitution and the kindness I'm offering." My own grin fanned my face as slowly as his had when he choked, completely enjoying myself.

Shaking his head, he started chuckling, and gazed at my mouth. "Shall we?" He scooted his chair back. "I'll get the coffee."

I nodded. "And I'll get the pudding."

We glanced at his parents, waiting for them. They were staring at us - again - and I was pretty sure they weren't even blinking. Cahal opened his mouth, but Vivian stood abruptly, placing her hand on his shoulder, her eyes on her mate. "I'll get our coffee. Just sit here and enjoy the," she cleared her throat, "silence."

Little by little, his mouth shut, and he grunted.

Yep, a lot like his son.

Antonio joined us fifteen minutes later. He sat next to me with his arm over the back of my chair. At first, Ezra and I had both been quiet at his arrival - neither of us had been completely comfortable with him after his threat. But eventually, Ezra laughed at something he said. The conversation was not at all like the first part of our brunch as Vivian led the discussion, keeping the topics less painful.

When Cahal snuck in a question about where I had grown up and what schools I had attended, Antonio answered smoothly, lying out of his ass as he rested his hand on my shoulder. I finally glanced at him when Vivian enquired about my mother, and he recounted a story which made me smile as he laughed. His golden gaze met mine, and he leaned over, placing a kiss on my forehead and murmuring, "I love you, Lil."

I forgave him for everything at that instant, knowing I didn't understand everything there was to him. His layers were as deep as my own. But the truth was there. I loved him and he loved me. My grin was a little watery, but I sniffed the tears back, resting my head against his shoulder, and joined the conversation around me. A meal became simply a meal.

Exactly two weeks after Ezra and I became sexually active with one another again, the Kings decided to hold a movie night down in the fighting arena, which was the largest area of clear space, since some of the natives were becoming restless as the rumors of war escalated even further, which weren't at all off base, judging from our intel meetings. The Kings also decided that when it was all said and done, the four Prodigies were going to be on clean-up duty, calling it 'cleaning up our subjects' messes'. Of course, they told us while laughing at their own 'superb intellect' practically in our faces. But we weren't going to let that get us down. All four of us loved a great movie marathon, and the Kings had picked out three perfect films - a romance, a comedy, and an old scary flick, which was pretty much a comedy to a Mystical.

Mages had arranged the sublevels with rows of black leather couches, slanting the bleachers, and set up an enormous movie screen at the end of one wall. The kitchen staff served buffets at the other end full of hot dogs, nachos, and candy galore. Add in the popcorn and soda fountains, which were magically replenished, and it was a packed house. So much so, I was betting that the Kings would do this at least once a week, though hopefully without us always on clean-up detail.

I stood with Pearl in line for drinks, staring at Ezra, who was standing near where we were sitting. There was a pretty Vampire woman talking with him. Oddly, she had a tiny Maltese dog in her purse, which she kept shushing when it made barely a sound. And she had very friendly hands. It was almost comical to watch Ezra trying to evade them, making me feel better. Ezra and I hadn't talked about sleeping with other people, but that was only because we just weren't doing it, so we never actually needed to have 'the talk'.

"Do you know who that is?" I asked, chewing on my lip.

Pearl followed the direction of my gaze. "I think it's Daisy or Petunia or something like that."

My eyebrows slammed together. "Rose?"

"Yep, that's it." Pearl nodded. "She ate with us at lunch one day weeks ago when..." She cleared her throat. "Never mind."

I snorted. "I know about them." I stared at her dog, evil thoughts entering my mind. "I do believe she wants a repeat with Ezra."

Pearl snorted that time. "He looks like he has to pee, he's moving around so much trying to escape her clutches." She leaned forward, squinting. "God, are her nails painted pink? On a Vamp?" She paused. "And black polka dots. Whew, she's something else."

"An experience...and she sprinkles her bed with rose petals," I murmured, my power flaring at the dog, which finally glanced my way. "But she's not going to smell so pretty anymore." And my eyes flashed for the barest moment, capturing the dog's complete attention as I pushed my will on it. That was all it took. I rocked back on my heels, stuffing my hands in my pockets and grinning like a fiend.

"What was that?" Pearl whispered. "It was only a tiny fluctuation."

"Tiny bit for a tiny dog." I nodded toward Ezra and Rose. "Watch and learn."

Her attention snapped to them as we slowly moved in the line. We watched as Rose and Ezra both sniffed the air, right before Rose peered down at her little, innocent pooch. She opened her purse wider. Pearl and I both blinked in surprise as she screamed bloody murder, holding the bag and dog out at arm's length, literally running through the obstacle of couches and out the fighting arena's doors, her shout following her.

The place had gone silent.

I slapped a hand over my mouth so my laughter didn't attract any undue attention. And, God, was Ezra's face priceless. He shook his head at his dad and mom, who were sitting on the couch behind our reserved one, clearly confused.

Pearl was gurgling, making an odd swallowing noise. "Poor dog."

And I couldn't help it, my laughter just busted out. Loud and booming. She had the right of it.

Conversation had begun to pick up again, saving me from everyone looking in my direction, but Ezra's eyes snapped to me, his keen hearing picking up my laughter. I wiped a tear from my eye, waggling my fingers at him as he blinked. I mouthed, "You're welcome." He stared, his eyes slowly widening.

Pearl was cracking up, too, but quickly stepped in front of me when Cahal began to turn his head to see who his son was staring at. "I'll have to remember you can do that."

Rubbing my stomach, my muscles cramping from laughing so hard, I chuckled, "We've put a herd of predators to sleep before." My gaze met her watering one. "I can handle a dog's bowels." Not to mention, King Kincaid had been taking me out into the woods for the past few days, having me call wolves in preparation for the upcoming war. They were my animal. It was pretty awesome to be able to control them with a single growl and my will.

Ezra and Jack had already gotten our popcorn, so when Pearl and I sat on the center of the couch, we exchanged their drinks for our salty, buttery goodness. Ezra still stood, tipping back his beer, eyeing me. I dug into my popcorn so I wouldn't laugh. Jack sat on the arm of the couch, taking his own swig of beer, watching us. Pearl's shoulders started shaking under their gazes, and Jack instantly glanced at me, to which I opened my eyes wide in mock shock, before grinning.

"Genius," he mouthed, then took a sip of his beer.

I bowed my head, and then scented cigarette smoke. My eyes traveled to Ezra, who was taking a drag on a cigarette, still staring at me. From behind me, Vivian stated loudly, "Dear, that is just obscene." A pause. "And it stinks."

"Would you prefer I smoke something a bit more herbal?" Ezra drawled, his gaze moving over my head, daring her as he grinned evilly.

I heard her gasp. "You would never."

"Of course not, Mom," he murmured, eyes twinkling and roving back to me. "Does the smell bother a Shifter's nose?"

I shook my head, the scent mixing with his pretty damn deliciously. "It's not bad."

"Speak for yourself," Elder Merrick griped behind me and to the right. "It's f**king repulsive."

Ezra purposely blew the smoke his way, but his eyes were on me. "How's your popcorn?"

"Good, thank you." My head cocked in thought. He was watching me awfully hard. "Mad?"

His lips quirked around his beer. He swallowed, shaking his head. "No. More...intrigued."

That was a relief. If he had been upset about Rose I probably wouldn't have had it in me to apologize. "Good beer?" I munched on my food with my eyes on him, returning the favor.

"Yes, thank you."

Abruptly, a black envelope hovered in front of my face, obstructing my view of Ezra. Blinking, I tilted my head back to look at it. It smelled of wolf and hung in midair, obviously spelled. It had my name on it. Wiping my hands on my pant legs, I plucked it from the air. Shrugging at Ezra when he raised an eyebrow, I opened it curiously.

Read its contents.

Quickly, I wiped all expression from my face.

I had known this would happen. King Kincaid had prepared me for it. Still, it was a shock to the system. But there was nothing to be done except to handle it.

"Problem?" Ezra asked, more than likely scenting my emotions.

"No. Just some Shifter shit," I mumbled, lying out my ass as I set my popcorn and drink down on the ground, standing. "I'll be back in a bit." He stepped in front of me, but I quickly stuffed the envelope in my pocket before he could peek at its contents, smiling up at him. "Nothing major." He couldn't be involved in this. It was mine to handle.

His head cocked. "Sure?"

"Mmm-hmm." I nodded. "I'll be back before the movie starts."

Resting against the back of the couch in front of us, he drawled, "Alright." His lips curled around his cigarette, taking a drag, his green eyes watchful.

I hadn't fooled him, but he wasn't going to push so I gave him another smile before turning to where the Kings and Elders were. Elder Merrick was talking with King Nelson, but I caught his eye. His speech faltered. Raising my eyebrows, I tilted my head slightly toward the exit. When he gave the briefest nod, I started moving through the couches, trying not to let my nerves get the better of me. One glance at King Kincaid and Elder Talus, and they were quickly following. There had to be three witnesses for a formal challenge. That was what I had in my pocket, and what I couldn't believe some f**k was doing during a time like this. On the brink of war. But there it was.

I had been challenged, Shifter style.

As soon as we were beyond the arena's doors and heading up the walkway, I pulled the envelope out of my pocket, and handed it to King Kincaid. "I've been challenged, like you said would happen." Probably not the last one I would receive in my lifetime. I was small when Shifters were supposed to be large and strong like the three men around me. That in itself was enough to make Shifters question my strength. Honestly, it wasn't a bad assumption. I didn't try to fool myself that I was stronger than them.

"Jesus," King Kincaid muttered, quickly reviewing the letter's contents. His feet stalled, before he put them back into motion. "Two? Two people are challenging you?"

"Apparently," I sighed, rolling my shoulders, utterly tense, pissed...and a little scared. "This is gonna hurt a little."

"Who signed it?" Elder Talus asked, placing a hand on my shoulder, offering comfort.

"Doesn't say," King Kincaid growled, crumpling the letter. "Only that the challenge is now. On the beach."

"Shifted form, hand-to-hand, or swords?" Elder Merrick asked instantly.

"Hand-to-hand," I whispered, beginning to stretch my arms. "Maybe we should have a medic on stand-by." This wasn't going to be pretty. Though, if it had been my tiny shifted form...that was a worry to evaluate on another day.

"Shit," Elder Merrick growled, even as King Kincaid pulled a cell phone from his pocket, calling the medical staff. "Okay...okay. You know where your weak points are. Just don't let them hit you there."

I snorted. "Lord help me." I was going to need it. A formal challenge was to the death.

"Are you sure you want this?" I asked the Shifter woman in front of me. I hadn't seen her before, but that wasn't saying much since King Cave was enormous. The other person challenging me was sitting on top of a grassy sand dune, watching silently. He would be next, assuming I made it through this first fight alive. "You have the option to back out." I could only ask once per Shifter Law.

"Fuck you," she sneered. As I thought she would. She didn't appear to like me much. "Do you really think you can lead us through this war? Because I sure as hell don't."

My eyebrows rose. "I am going to lead us through a war if it comes to that." And I attacked.

This was not what I wanted to be doing. Killing a Mystical. We needed every single viable one available to us in the case of war. But, since this was going to happen, I was going to fight the only way I knew how. Quickly, with the surprise of attack. I was going to survive. There was no other option.

Shifter power was allowed, so I hit her first with that. She was incredibly strong, but she didn't have the Queen's power. And as she faltered - though I didn't even use all I had - I jumped, planting my fist into her face.

With every ounce of strength I had.

And that quickly, the fight was over.

Her head flew from her neck, ripping off completely, soaring through the air and obscenely thumping against a vehicle parked up on the hill. Blood flew into the night air and I quickly stepped back as her body fell to the ground. Covering my mouth with the crook of my arm, I turned my back to the gore, my head falling. No, I hadn't wanted this.

A moment later three wolves' howls rose into the night's silence, giving voice to the turmoil inside me. King Kincaid, Elder Merrick, and Elder Talus were in their shifted forms as was tradition for a challenge. They sat on their haunches, spread in a triangle around the beach, far enough away to give the challenger and me plenty of room to fight. Elder Talus began taking a few steps in my direction, and I quickly held out a hand. "No. Leave me." It came out brusque and choke-full of the misery that had taken hold. He stopped moving, lowering his head in understanding.

I moved downwind, breathing in the cool air coming from the ocean before turning my head, and shouting, "Medic." A Mage rushed forward from the cave's entrance, sidestepping the decapitated Shifter. I held my hand out. "It's broken." I had felt the bones snap, but there was no physical pain. Nothing overrode the sorrow for taking her life.

The medic quickly fixed my hand, popping noises erupting over the sounds of the waves crashing and the wind picking up. I didn't watch as the Mage worked, his hands glowing as he healed the injury, instead staring up at the silent Shifter who had wanted this challenge. Once the medic moved away, I leapt into the air, landing at the edge of the sand dune he sat on.

He wasn't as big as King Kincaid, but by the length of his legs in his sitting position I gauged him to be at least a foot taller than me. His muscles were well defined under the black t-shirt and jeans he wore, his black-and-light streaked hair glistening silver under the moon's light. His features were beautiful in their harshness while he stared at me with unflinching dark eyes, digging his shoeless feet further into the sand, preparing for an instant attack, even though he didn't rise.

But there was one thing that gave me pause.

Where the previous Shifter had power pouring from her in an effort to intimidate me, he was the exact opposite. In fact, I sensed nothing from him. Not a damn thing. He was completely masking, which shocked me just as much as it made me wary. The only indication he was Shifter was the heavy scent of wolf pouring from him, thanks to a recent shift. Pushing all thoughts of the previous fight aside, I walked toward him. Cautiously. "How did you get mixed up with her?" They were nothing alike.

"She only saw me writing the note." He shrugged, his shoulders tense for action. "She wanted to be added to it." He surveyed me as I made my trek toward him. "Our fight won't be as easy as yours with her."

I knew this. "And your reason for wanting to challenge me?"

"I don't agree with the Laws you enforce." Another shrug. "I plan to change things when I'm ruling."

"You don't know what I believe in," I stated softly. "I'm not Queen yet. I currently hold no true power."

"You are no different than them," he said just as gently, his voice void of emotion as he nodded at the King and Elders. "And I plan to kill you for it. It's no more than you deserve for living your life with your eyes shut."

He attacked.

He sprung so quickly and landed so close that I didn't have time to deflect as his fist pounded into my stomach. I could only jump back to lessen the blow. Still, it felt like a sledgehammer to my gut. A shout echoed the night - my shout - as I flew backward through the air, barely tucking and flipping in time to land on my knees on the beach, heaving oxygen that didn't want to fill my lungs. My sense of smell gone, I ducked, rolling as I gasped for air, knowing he would be coming.

And he did, the sand billowing out from beneath his feet as he landed next to me. I hit him squarely with my power, letting it all flow into him. Bad thing was, he did the same thing, at the same exact moment. My God. I did get air in as I screamed and as my body bowed in fierce, relentless agony, his magic something damn powerful. Luckily, he dropped, holding his chest and head, shouting right along with me, my power hitting him.

As quickly as we attached magically, both of our powers switched off. Like they short-circuited. Gasping, I rolled to my hands and knees, a deep growl erupting from my throat. The f**ker had damn near killed me with that shit. Hearing his own growl, I tried to hit him again with my power. But, crazily, he did the same thing.

With the same damn effect.

"Well, f**k it," I panted, rising on unsteady legs after another pain-filled screaming match. "I'll just kill you the hard way."

He growled, wobbling in front of me, in the same condition. "Good luck, Red."

I sniffed with a bored air then sprung at him, hitting him square in the gut with my shoulder, returning the favor from earlier. He landed hard on his back as I rolled, coming clean - okay, a little shakily - to my feet. I aimed my boot straight at his crotch, giving it all I had, but he adjusted at the last second. The contact wasn't exactly what I was aiming for, but I still heard his leg snap.

He only grunted.

I snorted at his show of 'manliness', and then lunged on top of him, going straight for his throat with my mouth. It didn't happen quite like I wanted. We ended up rolling around on the sand, fists flying, but nothing connecting as we dodged the blows, his bum leg not giving him any problems. He got lucky after a few minutes when I felt my left wrist break. He had managed to grab it and crush it within his grip. Gritting my teeth through the pain, I slammed my fist into his forearm before he could rip my hand clean off.

A satisfying snap sounded, and I dove at his neck when he jerked. And, f**king finally, my teeth latched onto his throat. What I didn't expect was for shock to freeze my body as his blood filled my mouth. He shouted, grabbing at my head with a last attempt to get away from the killing blow I had him in. My wolf growled long and hard, but I used my Shifter power differently this time, pushing soothing pulses toward him.

He grunted, his body relaxing for the barest moment. Just enough to quickly flip him under me, pressing his chest to the sand, and hold his thumbs behind his back with my good hand. Quickly, before he retaliated when figuring out I didn't have the killing blow on him anymore, I breathed quietly at his ear, "Think carefully because I can only ask this once. Do you want to stop this?"

He froze under me, in the process of beginning to attempt to free himself. "What?"

"I can't ask it again." I pressed my elbow into the side of his neck. Where I could easily break it with the tiniest shove. "I need an answer."

He lay under me for a full minute. Silent. Smart. Fucking powerful enough to rival the Queen's power, just unlucky in this fight. "But...you've..."

And also a f**king hybrid.

Shifter and some type of Elemental I couldn't quite put my finger on. But it was there in his blood, which still lingered on my tongue. He understood I knew this. He was also confused as shit.

"Yes, I know," I whispered. "I told you before that you don't know my views of the Law." Louder, I stated, "Now answer my damn question."

He paused, then stated, "Yes. I want to stop."

Still, I held him down. Just because he said he wanted to stop, it didn't mean I had to. He had instigated this challenge. But ultimately it was up to me after he decided to back off. In the barest breath I whispered against his ear, "Did you know about the beasts?"

Instant. "No."

Truth.

"Would you ever create one?"

Instant. "No." A pause. "I've taken care of the possibility of that occurring."

Truth and truth.

My wolf growled in approval. "We never had this discussion."

"What discussion?"

I let his thumbs go and removed my elbow from his neck. "Don't ever challenge me again."

He grunted, not really an answer, but I heard his wolf growl low with respect.

"Your name?"

"John Smith."

I chuckled, getting to my feet, before yelling for the medic to see to his injuries. "Creativity isn't your strong suit, Mr Smith."

Dark eyes stared up at me, since he was unable to stand because of his broken leg. "I believe I could be creative enough for you."

I laughed outright. "From killing to f**king?" I shook my head, holding my injured wrist. "Not interested."

Eyes traveling up and down my frame from his f**king prone, broken position, he shrugged, pure cockiness, sand shifting under him. "Yeah, me neither, but it was natural to ask."

I shook my head in exasperation, moving back as the medic arrived. "If that's your idea of reasonable foreplay, you're out of your damn mind."

He grunted as the medic began working on him. "You're right. It was a bit much."

Hearing his bones snap back into place, I muttered, "Just a bit."

He groaned, "Okay, more than a bit."

King Kincaid, Elder Merrick, and Elder Talus walked behind me as we traveled back to the fighting/movie arena after the Mage had fixed my arm, I very much feeling the injury that time. King Kincaid was silent. Elder Merrick had thumped me once on the back, but was silent after that. Elder Talus was still shaking his head.

"That was the weirdest challenge I've ever seen," he mumbled. Another shake of his head.

"He wanted to walk." I ran my fingers through my hair, getting out the tangles and sand. "I let him."

"Huh," he murmured, giving me the distinct impression he probably wouldn't have.

I shrugged, and shoved forward into the arena, not wanting to answer any more questions. Now that the challenges were over, I felt queasy with the remembrance of the first one. All I wanted to do was sit. My head was spinning a smidge, the memory of taking her life not as easily forgotten for me as it might be for other Shifter Rulers who had seen it happen many times.

Moving through the Mysticals who were still conversing merrily, my heart ached. It was part of my life now, but that didn't make it any easier. I stumbled past a few couches and stopped in my tracks. Jack and Pearl were talking quietly on our reserved couch, laughing about something mundane. My gaze dropped, and I sighed heavily as I rubbed my forehead. I didn't want to tell them. I didn't want to ruin their good spirits, which had only recently become more commonplace. Too much shit had happened to pull them down.

Rolling my shoulders, I shook my hands out and took a calming breath, preparing myself to...I stilled, sniffing the air. My head snapped to the side as I felt something heavy land inside my cargos pocket. Ezra was standing directly next to me. He took a drag of a cigarette, attention toward Jack and Pearl, not looking at me. My hand immediately went into my pocket, staring at him as he continued to watch them. My breath caught at the gold flask I held, and I instantly unscrewed the top, chugging one large gulp after another of the smooth whiskey, the icy cold quickly transitioning to a fiery burn.

"Not too fast," he said softly. "We wouldn't want you puking again in front of everyone."

A half hysterical laugh burst forth, the burn of the liquor slowly becoming a steady warmth. "Where did you get this?" I studied the flask. It was solid - as in probably real gold - and overly fancy with engraved designs, one of which was his initial.

He shrugged. "My dad gave it to me as a gift one year. I had it in my closet."

"And the liquor?" It went down a lot smoother than the shit from the bar.

His lips twitched around his cigarette, still not glancing my way. "Let's just say you're guzzling some of the finest whiskey ever made."

I blinked from him to the flask. "It's the original stuff he gave you?"

He hummed while blowing smoke up into the air.

"Thank you." My eyes lowered as I rubbed my forehead, my gaze catching on his boots. "Ezra?"

"Hmm?"

"Where else did you go besides your room?"

His chuckle was more of a rumble as he bent, breathing at my ear, "You lied to me."

Staring at the sand on his black boots, I took another sip from the flask. "You shouldn't have been there."

"I wouldn't have interfered," he whispered.

Nostrils flared, my eyebrows rose at the lie.

His own rose, still bending, our faces level.

Ah, a lie for a lie.

Barely above a breath, I hissed, "You cannot ever interfere with a challenge."

He hummed. "I didn't." Truth. "You didn't need my help." Truth. His head cocked. "Although, I would love to know what made you stop at the end of the second one."

My lips lifted. "The world will never know." It wasn't my secret to tell.

Ezra blinked. "You're really not going to tell me?"

"Nope." I twisted the top back on the flask and handed it to him. "You're in trouble, mister."

He snorted, pocketing the liquor - not stupid enough to drink after me in front of people - and sidestepped the fact he had trespassed on a Shifter tradition. "I can't believe the f**k hit on you afterward."

I shrugged, turning my attention back to Jack and Pearl, who had caught sight of us. "He wasn't really interested." I glanced at him. "Where were you hiding?"

He grunted, and then grinned naughtily. "Keep your secrets and I'll keep mine." Probably downwind and in the trees for me not to have scented him. His smile faltered for a moment, his eyebrows puckering a smidge as he glanced at me. "You alright now?"

My lips pinched. "I'm...better."

He nodded once, then motioned for us to move forward. As we did, I found it a tiny bit amusing the way he positioned himself next to me. As if he were protecting me, automatically maneuvering himself between me and anyone else who got too close. "Really, Ezra. I'm better."

His only response was a grunt. He didn't stop what he was doing even when it was King Venclaire who was heading for what appeared to be a refill of popcorn. The King blinked, his nostrils flaring, and he slammed a hand on Ezra's chest, his head swinging in my direction. "Lily? Are you hurt?"

It was my turn to blink. "No." At this point most of the Elders' heads around us swung in our direction. "Why do you ask?"

Ezra was carefully removing the hand against his chest, glaring at it, as King Venclaire inhaled again, holding in the breath. "Blood. Grief." His lips pinched as his gaze ran up and down my frame. "You were challenged?" His tone held bite to it, his eyes flashing in irritation as they met mine.

I held my shoulders as straight as I could, nodded once.

"Twice," Elder Talus murmured from his perch on a couch. "She handled both well."

Nice. Now everyone knew. Which included Jack and Pearl, both of them having gone mute. I clarified, "The first challenge couldn't be stopped. The second I let go."

Elder Harcourt nodded from a row away, sipping from his drink. "Mercy inside death's grip is true wisdom." His lips lifted. "Such a Queen you will become."

A soon-to-be Queen who only wanted right now to sit and ignore everyone. "Thank you." I motioned to our couch. "I'd like to rest now if everyone's questions are through."

I wasn't sure if anyone opened their mouths to object because Ezra moved to block their gazes, giving me a tiny shove with his hand when they couldn't see, pushing me toward our couch. It was appreciated, but I still glanced at him a little baffled. Understanding hit me only after the lights went out. Before that, it took him sitting down next to me on the couch, hitting the button to make the footrest pop out, maneuvering his legs so I could use it, too - Jack and Pearl also getting comfortable - and the lights flashing the warning for the movie's start. It took for him to lean over the side of the couch and throw our comforter blanket that we had brought across us - big enough to cover the four of us easily without anyone complaining, although, we might grumble later about the bits of popcorn crumbled on it.

Then as the lights dimmed, the previews starting loudly on the speakers situated around the arena, his arm was instantly snaking its way behind my back against the couch, our now shoeless feet -curled around each other for comfort - hidden. He gripped my hip almost brutally while his other hand glided across my leg to clutch my inner thigh under the blanket. Only then did the light bulb in my head turn on as he exhaled heavily - a bit shakily - his entire body relaxing, though I hadn't even noticed it was strung tight, lost in my own thoughts.

Huh. My eyes darted to him as the movie started. Apparently, it wasn't only Shifters who needed touch when they were upset. And that was what he was. Upset. Extremely so. It was...sweet. Tilting my mouth to this ear, I whispered so quietly no one would hear but him, "I'm alright, Ezra."

He nodded jerkily once, his grip only tightening. "The medic healed you."

Realizing just how hard it had been for him to watch and not interfere, as I more than likely would have done if the situation had been reversed, I placed my hand on his hard thigh, giving it a squeeze. "Thank you."

He grunted, and then murmured, "Hush." His eyes darted to mine, dipping over my features. "Watch the movie."

And sometime during the middle of the first show, I yawned heavily, tired from the workout with Elder Merrick, King Fergus, and King Kincaid, then my more intimate workout with Ezra, and lastly the challenges, the expensive whiskey having settled my rolling stomach and thoughts. I fell asleep, perfectly content in our sanctuary...only to be woken later.

A clapping sounded, and I heard King Venclaire bark, "Wake up, Prodigies."

I growled, my wolf sounding, snuggling further into the warmth.

"Fuck off," Ezra's voice vibrated against my ear, his arms tightening around me.

"Five more minutes," Pearl slurred.

"Hell...chickens," Jack groused.

It was the snickering that really woke me.

And the sound of...Elder Jacobs...muttering, "Chickens?"

"Kill 'em...bastards," Jack snorted.

Jack mumbling unintelligibly in his sleep was nothing new, but hearing Elder Jacobs and King Venclaire? Well, that wasn't normal. Nor were the many chuckles sounding.

My head and Ezra's popped up at the same time, and I blinked blurrily. "Huh?" I pulled my hand out from underneath the blanket, rubbing my eyes to see better in the bright light. "Who's there?"

Ezra's predator growled loud in my ear, sounding ferocious, though he apparently had the same problem as me with his sight, taking a hand off my hip to rub his eyes. "Answer her!"

Someone whistled long and high, followed by, "Someone's testy when they wake up." That would be King Nelson's voice off to my right.

"You have no idea," Cahal's voice muttered, sounding exasperated, directly in front of me. "I don't know how many bedroom doors, alarm clocks, and light switches we went through during his teenage years."

I shook my head, still hearing Jack and Pearl snoring, and squinted through the light. I went completely still. I had no clue how Ezra and I had ended up on the ground, but there it was. We were lying in front of the couch, half concealed by the blanket, which was wrapped under us and protecting us from the hard, cold floor. All the Kings and Antonio's posse were standing in front of our couch, spread out like a bad f**king dream. "Nightmare. It's got to be."

"Jack had it right the first time," Ezra grumbled, basically lying on top of me. "It's hell."

"With brooms," I muttered, brushing hair out of my face and staring at what King Kincaid held, firmly ignoring some of the looks we were receiving waking like this.

"And dustpans," he mumbled, eyes on what Elder Jacobs held, even as I felt him carefully removing his other hand from under my shirt, where he had been gripping my breast. One of his favorite sleeping positions. Just not exactly appropriate for our current audience. Again, thankfully, the blanket partially covered us.

I nodded toward King Fergus's hand. Stalling. Giving Ezra just a bit more time. "Pearl can Windex."

"Revenge?"

"I stank of it for weeks afterward. It was like it soaked into my pores."

"Are you two done yet?" King Nelson griped.

Ezra actually chuckled, his hand slowly creeping down my stomach. "Just about."

I snorted hard, and my voice choked as I glanced at Cahal's hand. "Jack gets the Dirt Devil."

King Venclaire appeared pretty damn amused. "For the hell reference?"

"Exactly," Ezra murmured while his fingers gently pulled the hem of my shirt down. "Well, that about does it."

My head lolled back against Ezra's chest as I began to laugh my ass off.

"Ignore her." Ezra patted the back of my head. "I think she smoked something herbal."

King Venclaire snorted, but coughed over it, then took the broom King Kincaid held next to him. I blinked as he whacked Jack and Pearl, whose snores turned to shouts, up on top of the couch. The broom was suddenly back in King Kincaid's hand, and King Venclaire pointed at him, saying, "I believe he did it."

"What?" Jack muttered loudly. A pause. "Hey! Where the hell are Ezra and Lily?"

"Down here!" I called, my chin quivering as I waggled my fingers. "Somehow."

"That happened during the..." Elder Merrick paused, looking at King Kincaid. "What? During the second movie?"

King Kincaid's head tilted. "Well, it all started during the first when Pearl fell asleep."

King Venclaire nodded. "Ezra and Lily were already out, and then Pearl fell asleep."

"What did I do?" Pearl asked slowly.

King Venclaire blinked. "You fell over on them."

Cahal pointed the Dirt Devil at me. "Ms Ruckler started growling in her sleep, muttering something every once in a while about 'too hot'."

Elder Jacobs nodded. "Then Jack fell asleep." He made a down motion. "And he fell over, too."

King Nelson pulled at his ear. "Then Lily really started hollering."

King Fergus shook his head, a look of absolute disbelief on his face. "How you four slept through her racket is seriously a miracle."

"Ezra started growling when she got louder," King Venclaire chuckled. "We didn't see anything, but suddenly, we heard a thump."

Elder Merrick's eyebrows rose at the Kings and Elders, prompting, "During the middle of the second movie."

They all nodded.

"I jumped up to check on you guys," Antonio stated. "Apparently, Ezra had used his Vampire speed in knocking Lily to the floor, leaving Jack and Pearl to have the couch to themselves."

King Nelson sighed. "It was blissfully silent after that."

They stared, eyes darting back and forth between the four of us.

Jack muttered, "They're putting us on."

"Maybe drugged us, too," Pearl griped.

"Lily?" Ezra asked, rubbing the back of his neck.

I chuckled, extremely embarrassed. "Truth. All of it."

Elder Merrick's nostrils were flared, ignoring me as his eyes darted over us. "That's one hell of a blanket." He pointed, eyebrows puckering. "Huge, in fact." He sniffed long and hard.

Ezra and I both stilled. Oh, hell. Had we washed it recently? Not only were all four of our scents on it, which wasn't a huge deal since we were currently all using it, but there was the tiny fact that Ezra and my combined sexual scents might remain. Just as my own nostrils flared to test the scent, a flash of golden light shone from above us. Ezra and I both grunted as we fell a few inches onto the cold floor, the blanket suddenly gone.

"I have a very large bed," Pearl murmured, her legs swinging over the couch, barely missing stepping on Ezra and me as she stood. "Do you have an issue with that, Elder Merrick?" Her hands were on her hips as she glared at him.

His lips slowly curved. "No, Ms Cooper." His eyes met mine. "My own bed is large."

Pearl snorted, then nudged us with her foot, having saved our asses. "Lily, you get the Windex."

Sighing in defeat, I muttered, "Fine."

And so, we cleaned.

I reeked of Windex for several days afterward.

Chapter Fourteen

After meeting with King Kincaid, where he had given me a cell phone so he could contact me at all times, I roamed the halls of King Cave searching for Ezra, since over the past few days we had been too busy for extracurricular activities, and I was beginning to get a little itchy for some horizontal time. Pearl and Jack hadn't been in our room, so I didn't know where the hell anyone was at. The King had stated that all the Prodigies were receiving phones today, but I didn't know yet their numbers to call them. It was actually pretty handy to be given these...if only I had their numbers.

Turning a corner, I stopped in my tracks, seeing the object of my carnal musings sauntering in my direction. His hooded black robe billowed out behind him, while his long legs, encased in perfectly worn denim, ate up the distance between us. Dangling from one of his hands was a black towel and his gaze was on the pool's entrance. Watching him move, I knew why so many feared him. He was a predator by every stretch of the imagination.

And to me he looked like sex walking.

I watched as his nostrils flared. Feet faltering, his gaze immediately swung in my direction, green eyes finding me in the intimate golden lighting. He stopped moving, and his eyes flashed bright for the barest moment before he rested a shoulder against the cold, black wall. One eyebrow crooked as he cocked his head, and his eyes began to blaze with desire as they roved over me. His head straightened, and he reached out a hand, opening the door directly next to his shoulder.

Oh God, yes.

I nodded, and quickly hurried after him as he entered the room. Shutting and locking the door behind me, I saw the room was a softly lit office of sorts. Definitely a Mage's, by the amount of gold decoration. And beautifully empty except for the sensual Vampire who was lighting the golden candles lining one wall of the small square room. There was a gold marble desk to my direct left, a row of bookshelves lining the wall to my right, and a sitting area at the end of the room with two gold and cream couches, a cream lounge couch, a golden leather chair, and a coffee table in front of the lit fireplace.

I itched my nose as Ezra blew out the long wooden match he had used to light the candles. The twinkling of firelight played across his face as he turned to me, placing the match on the long, narrow shelf of candles. As he lowered his hood, I could see his hair was mussed, but quickly forgot when he blurred, suddenly in front of me and pressing my back against the door.

Warm, strong hands ran down my sides to my hips, tiny flames leaping to life wherever he touched. Green eyes on my blue ones, his grip tightened and he lifted me, my legs automatically hooking under his robe around his waist as I grabbed his shoulders. Wide lips hovered directly in front of mine, his heated breath fanning my lips. "Is there something I can do for you, little wolf?"

"Mmm." My lips lifted on a grin. "You can take your clothes off, for starters."

Soft, lush lips teased closer, barely brushing mine as he spoke. "And after that?" He pressed against me enticingly, revealing his growing erection and aligning us perfectly for the act we desired.

A soft moan escaped, and I answered his question by rubbing my br**sts against his chest, my eyes closing at the caress of warmth, his hard contours against my softness. "I don't care if we're too busy." My lids slitted open to stare him in the eyes. "We're gonna have to make time for this."

His grip tightened on my hips, and he growled, "You're the one who fell asleep last night before I got into bed." He nipped my lower lip gently. "But I agree. Two days has been too long." Wide lips landed on mine and began stroking with a hunger that matched my own, our lustful demands battling with each other, the push and pull intoxicating. Between our feasting at each other's mouths, he asked, "I was looking for you. Where the hell were you?"

"With King Kincaid," I murmured against his lips, craving his taste and his heat, our mouths quickly meshing wickedly, perfectly. Fingers shaking with the need he tirelessly inspired, I began undoing the tong buttons to his velvet robe, barely managing not to rip them off, before pushing it over his shoulders, just to have it catch at his biceps.

Resting against me more heavily, mouth never leaving mine, he tugged his robe the rest of the way off, letting it drop to the floor behind him. Heated palms landed on my thighs, kneading as they traveled to my hips, while his searing, slick tongue glided across the seam of my lips, demanding entry. Shivering in sensory pleasure, I tilted my head and opened for him. My profound groan was in concert with his as our gliding tongues invaded, rubbing sensually and making love to each other's mouths.

Blissful moments passed as our thorough strokes altered, increasingly burning into a frantic desire of flesh-driven urgency that left both of us gasping. Breathless, and still not leaving my lips, Ezra ordered, "Don't let go." Clinging to him as instructed, his clever tongue plunged, returning to mine, as he pushed away from the door. I felt cool air at my back and heard items crashing to the ground as he bent, laying me on the desk now empty of office objects. Quick fingers began unbuttoning my black top as he pressed his lips firmer to mine, eating at my mouth just as hard as I was his. I whimpered as his knuckles grazed my bare skin with each button he unfastened.

My own hands journeyed, heat suffusing every nerve ending, as he began grinding his impressive c**k against my sensitive core. Grabbing his billowy red shirt, I yanked it over his head, making him grunt in frustration when he had to stop his task and lift his lips from mine. He snatched the shirt from my hands, haphazardly stuffing it under my head for protection against the unforgiving marble, then his mouth instantly returned. I barely got in a breath before his tongue slid across mine, tempting me to sin.

I got my hands on his belt just as he finished with my shirt, cupping my br**sts and squeezing them through my bra. He moaned, his breath rushing over my cheeks. Igniting heat traveled from the tips of my br**sts to my belly, and I arched into his touch, whispering, "Ezra."

That was when I felt his belt snap beneath my fingers.

He stilled on top of me, his dilated eyes traveling from my br**sts to my wide gaze. A slow blink. "Sweetheart, that is the third belt you've broken this week alone." A pause as humor entered his gaze. "I don't even know how many that makes so far."

I licked my lips, my gaze a smidge sheepish. "I'll buy you more, or maybe, you could quit wearing them?"

"Not gonna happen," he murmured, eyes journeying down to my br**sts. "And I don't think I want you shopping for me." His thumb traveled over my bra, brushing my nipple and making me jolt under him. He grinned, his head slowly lowering. "You'd probably bring one back with a cartoon character on the buckle."

A quick glance at my current bra, and my cheeks flushed. I was wearing one of my Shifter festive bras, this time with a bunny print. At least it wasn't the one with animated frogs I had finally found in my drawer today. That one I really liked, but he would probably hate. "I'm sure I could manage something without the term 'cute' applied to it."

He hummed in his throat - his attention caught elsewhere - no longer listening as his lips dipped to my collarbone. My own distressing reaction flew wayward as his wicked tongue danced over my skin, tickling and enticing me to bare my throat. Grabbing his hair, I tilted my head and pressed his mouth to my neck, and I felt his fangs brush my pulse before retracting without biting, as I had originally asked. Breaths coming in pants as he suckled at my neck, leisurely moving downward while his hands continued working their magic on my br**sts, I tilted my face toward him.

And damn near choked on slut as I inhaled. I blinked, sniffing his hair again, making sure I had the clinging scent right. It was. A slow growl that I couldn't contain rumbled from my chest as I remembered his mussed hair. And this growl wasn't a nice one as my emotions spiraled. Not at all.

Ezra's body froze on top of me as his head lifted, eyes scanning the room, misunderstanding. His gaze found mine a moment later, and his black eyebrows slammed together. Slowly, he took his hands off my br**sts and placed them on the desk's surface next to my shoulders, lifting on them so he was staring down at me. He inhaled sharply, and immediately his thick lashes hooded his gaze. "Lily?" A multitude of questions was in that one word, my name.

"You smell of slut," I hissed, taking my hands back from his hair and sniffing them, which only made my growl intensify. Luckily for him, all I smelled was her normal scent, not her sexual fluids. Still, my emotions raged their own private battle, trying to devour me, and I tried to understand as they beat a heavy rhythm in my head and chest, stealing my very air.

A pause, his head cocking as he watched me. "You mean Jessica."

"Same thing." I unlatched my legs from around his waist, starting to squirm out from underneath him.

It didn't really work since he grabbed my hips in an unbreakable hold, keeping me flush against him. "Jessica isn't a slut." He paused, and ignoring my growl, his face dropped to inches from my face. His eyes were on mine. Searching. Inhaling deeply, then holding the breath in, he murmured, "You're jealous."

Abruptly, my growl cut off. Staring up at him, I blinked repeatedly.

Was I? Was that what was causing this? Was that the emotion flaring bright?

I knew I didn't like her scent on him, that was for f**k sure. And I sure as hell didn't like the fact that he was with me after being in direct contact with her.

Was that jealousy? Or just pride?

Green eyes watching me carefully, Ezra softly kissed my lips. The lightest touch. Gaze steadfast on mine, his mouth hovered before lowering, pressing gentle lips to my chin. The barest of touches down my jaw. My throat. Eyes still holding mine, he nibbled down the center of my chest, ever so slowly, pressing his mouth's warmth against my skin.

Quietly, he affirmed, "You know I've only had sex with you since we got back together." Truth. His tongue dipped, beginning to create designs on my cle**age before giving my flesh an open-mouthed kiss. Breath rushing over my gradually reheating skin, he said, "I only drank from her today." As I stayed silent, trying to figure out just what the hell I was feeling, his gaze dropped to one of my br**sts. Gently, he palmed it, beginning to suckle at my pebbled nipple through the material.

My breath caught, and I grabbed a fistful of his hair, my other hand going back to his pants.

Only to have the smell of slut puff at me like a cloud of pissed-off fury, and right now, I could feel his jeans already unbuttoned, which I hadn't gotten to doing yet.

Using great restraint, I actually withheld the growl. "Your pants are already unbuttoned."

Ezra laved my nipple, shrugging his massive shoulders over me. "She tried to put her hand down my pants while I drank."

Okay. The growl couldn't be contained as I envisioned her perfect hand going for his cock, and I started shoving his shoulders. "Get the f**k off me."

His head snapped up, not moving one damn bit as I pushed him, and again, he inhaled sharply.

I growled low, and was pissed off just enough that I shoved with my Shifter strength.

He moved that time.

Watching as he stumbled back two steps from the desk, I rolled off it, backing away from him even further and stepping on the discarded items from the desk right before my back slammed against the wall under the shelf of candles.

His eyes were hooded, and his arms were crossed, one hand over his mouth. He stood, bare chest expanding and his muscles bulging, as he inhaled slowly, green gaze carefully watching.

Cutting off the growl, I ran my hands through my hair, confused and aroused and pissed and...yes, damn jealous. And I knew he was scenting it all. Goddamn Vampire nose.

"Lily," Ezra said quietly. "What's going on?"

I glanced at the door, ready to bolt. I wasn't sure I could answer his question.

He sidestepped, placing his back to said door.

Fuck.

"I don't know," I muttered, glancing around the room and scratching my nose, only to yank my hand away when it left the remnants of slut there. I growled, glaring at my hand. And told the truth. "I don't like her scent on you." My eyes glowed. "And I sure as hell," I growled even lower, sounding scary to my own ears as I rubbed my palms on my pants, "don't like the idea of her hands that close to your f**king cock." My mouth slammed shut, growl cut off.

Dear God. I sounded like a bitter wife.

Silence.

I didn't look anywhere near him.

A very long freaking minute passed in stillness before he moved from the door, his broken belt jingling as he moved a few feet closer and stopped to sit on the edge of the desk, reclining on straight arms. He unbent his legs and crossed his ankles, staring down at his boots.

"You've never been jealous before." His gaze found my face. I could feel it even though I wasn't looking directly at him. "You know I drink daily. You know sometimes the women, and occasionally the men, try to get physical with me." A pause. "It's practically the same damn circumstance when all those Shifters flock to you. And believe me, sweetheart, they aren't always there for simple comfort." He wasn't lying. Half the time, I had to maneuver away from friendly hands. He cracked his neck. "So, what the hell's this about?"

I cracked my own neck, rolling my shoulders, and moved away from the wall, heading toward the bookcase across the room. It would give me something to look at besides his unbelievable, half-bare build. Stopping in front of the books, which all looked the same, I mumbled, "I don't know." Fuck me, if that wasn't the truth.

There was only quiet behind me until Ezra stated dryly, "You've got to give me more than that to go on."

Closing my eyes in resignation, I turned and opened them to meet his gaze slowly. His was as guarded as mine. His body appeared deceptively at ease, his posture of someone inviting candor, but his muscles were fairly vibrating they were so tense. I eyed him, trying to work through this.

Going on facts alone, I reasoned it out. During our time together, not-so-gradually my interest in any other partner had completely diminished. When we had been on our break, it had hurt like a son of a bitch when I had found out about his other partners. I had only continued sleeping with Finn because I was pissed off and confused. And there was the incident with Rose's dog when I hadn't liked her near him. Hell, I couldn't even imagine finding someone I would want more in my bed than Ezra. And all the while, I had been having more sex with Ezra, spending every spare moment I could with him.

And it hit me, like a bullet of pounding awareness through the brain.

Oh, Jesus.

My breath caught and my gaze jumped away from him.

"What?" Ezra asked instantly.

I started pacing in front of the bookshelves, rubbing my nose every time I neared the fireplace, so I stayed clear of it. Its smell was bugging the shit out of me when Ezra wasn't near and his scent permeating my senses. I sighed and stopped in the middle of the room, facing him. "Okay, you and I..." I fidgeted with my open shirt, staring down at it. "Would it be..." Oh hell, this was f**king hard to say.

Ezra kept silent, his gaze making me even more nervous.

Finally, I blurted, "We've never had 'the talk', Ezra." My hands fluttered a little before I started yanking them through my hair while I wondered if this was a bad idea. "You know?"

He held my gaze. "The talk?" He spoke like it was foreign to him, tasting the word's newness.

I sighed heavily. How the hell else do I explain it? Wringing my hands, I studied my shoes. "Like...we never talked about...whether or not we would have other lovers while we were sleeping together." When he stilled completely, I stated hurriedly, "I don't want that. Or, what I mean is, I don't want us sleeping with other people." Fuck, I was flustered.

Running my hands through my hair, I continued blundering through what I was trying to say. "I want to be...exclusive." I nodded. That was what I wanted to say. "Exclusion. I want it stated in mutual understanding that's where we are, instead of just...happening. I want to know for a fact that you aren't out there kissing or touching or f**king someone else. And I don't want someone else doing any of that to you."

I pointed at myself. "I can honestly say I don't want anyone else doing that to me. But right now, as we stand, either one of us could go out and f**k someone else, and the other person would have no viable reason to be upset, because we've never actually talked about it." My eyes, which had been wandering, darted to his. And stayed there. I really wanted to look away, but I wanted to gauge his reaction more.

He didn't show a damn thing. "Exclusion?"

Curtly, I nodded. I had already asked it. Might as well see where this goes.

"As in," his head tilted to the side, "you no longer f**k anyone but me?"

I nodded. Crude, but true. "Yes. And you no longer f**k anyone but me." I had to clarify that.

His head fell back, exposing his throat as he gazed at the ceiling. I stared. He definitely wasn't calm. I didn't even have to listen to his heartbeat to know that. It was actually visible in the wild pulse at his throat.

When he stayed silent, my heart rate doubled in worry, and I asked quickly, "Would it really be so bad to be together-together?" I shook my head, throwing my arms wide. "Hell, we practically are already. It's just...happening. All I want is for you to say you won't sleep with anyone else." I paused, then made myself say, "Well, unless you break it off with me first." I was proud the words came out louder than a whisper, because I sure as hell didn't want him breaking it off.

Gaze dropping from the ceiling, he ran a hand over his face. "Sweetheart, calm down." His words were quiet, calm, when neither of us were. "I understand what you're saying." His green gaze met mine steadily. "It's not that I haven't thought before about bringing this topic up with us." My heart stalled, hearing that. His smile was soft, his head slightly cocking. "I've been without my mate longer than you have yours, and I've been staring at that damn crack longer than you have. So I'm," he lifted his hand, rolling a finger, "further along in the process than you are."

"Oh." I tried to keep my jaw from gaping. "Why haven't you said anything then?" As soon as the words were out of my mouth, realization dawned. He didn't want it. My breathing hitched, and I glanced at the door again. "Fuck, my ignorance surprises even me sometimes."

Quietly, he growled, "It's not what you're thinking, so don't even think about running."

My gaze snapped to his. His head was tilted down, his eyes staring at me with clear intent. If I made a move for the door, he was planning to stop me. "Okay...explain, please."

He stared at me for a few beats longer, his eyes assessing. I tried to appear at ease, as if I didn't want to run from him saying he didn't want me, and placed my hands in my pockets, rocking back on my heels. Eh, no problem. He sighed, leaning back on the desk, even though his eyes didn't waver from me, not buying my act.

Gradually he spoke, as if he were gauging my reaction to each of his words. "When I first really started contemplating the idea of a real relationship between us," his lips thinned, "it was shortly before we lost our baby boy and girl." My own lips pinched, air slowly exhaling through my nose at the reminder of our loss, while I watched as his chest heaved, his own head falling for a moment before he rolled it on his shoulders, glancing back up to me. "After that," he sighed, shaking his head, "I didn't know what the f**k to do."

"We were lost," I whispered, my hands clenching in my pockets. "Afraid of reality."

"Exactly," he rumbled, standing, his hands instantly going into his pockets, which dragged his jeans lower on his hips. This time, he began pacing. "And when we did get back together, I was still scared shitless, but I knew I wanted to be with you." His predator growled low. "But as far as the thought of exclusion goes, it's the 'what-ifs' that are killing me."

I backed away, my eyebrows furrowing in confusion as I watched him stalk up and down the bookcases as I had. His head was lowered and his shoulders were hunched. The muscles in his arms bulged, and his jaw was clenched. He appeared like a man torn.

I was startled to feel hope bloom amongst my fear of losing him. Hope for another man. Someone besides Dominic. Someone I didn't want others touching. Hell, I didn't even want them looking at him, or him gazing at them, hungry for all his attention directed at me. And it freaked me out only a little.

He stopped unexpectedly after a full couple of minutes of quiet, taking a hand out of his pocket to rub the back of his neck, his eyes coming to me, then away, as he said quietly, "I don't know if I can do exclusion." He paused, green eyes finding mine and staying this time. "And I don't know if you can, either."

I stiffened at his implication, and seeing it, he shook his head, explaining, "It's one huge 'what-if', since I know we wouldn't give our word on it." He was right. A Mystical's word bound them magically to what they said, but for him and me...it would feel like cheating - demeaning us - when we had never had to use magic to make us...us. Our relationship had always been about love, trust, and respect. When I didn't argue with his assumption, he nodded his head once, as if he knew I wouldn't. "So there would be no damn magic to keep us from being turned on by someone else."

He threw his arms wide, his eyes flashing. "I can smell your arousal when someone else tempts you." His eyes flashed again, his voice rising. "I have no clue what type of man I would become if we were really together and I scented that on you again." A finger-point at himself. "It's uncharted territory for me." His finger swung my way. "And you." He started pacing again, running a hand through his hair before stuffing it back into his pocket.

Covertly, I scented the air, getting the vibe of his rant. And sneezed, rubbing my nose. The action was odd enough that Ezra stopped in his tracks and glanced at me. I pointed at the fireplace. "The fire's bugging me." But, on the plus side, I had caught a whiff of something from him as he let his true feeling show.

Possessiveness.

He nodded and resumed pacing, his head lowering again, not showing his features.

Carefully, I stated, "It wouldn't have to be a relationship-relationship if you didn't want that. It could be only an expansion of what we already are." That might make him feel better.

He growled. It was Vampire.

Guess not.

He continued his trek for another few minutes until rumbling, "Even if we did this, there are other things that could be an issue." Again, he ran a hand through his hair. Clearing his throat, he stopped to rest his shoulder against a bookcase. Green eyes met mine straight on. "And I don't want you to find them offensive."

Oh. Boy. When a man started like that, it was always offensive. "Do your worst." I was proud I didn't snarl.

His gaze landed on my br**sts.

Lingered.

Instantly, crossing my arms and feeling self-conscious, I did snarl, "I know they're not big and perfect like your slut's, but they're f**king mine, so don't you dare say anything rude." That, I could not take.

He muttered, "Jessica is not a slut."

I snorted.

Ignoring me, he gestured to my br**sts and hips, saying, "I honestly find your assets perfect over anyone else's, and I can't stand how you hide them under bulky t-shirts, cargos, and albeit adorable, but still immature lingerie." He glanced at my now wide eyes, and then back to my chest. "I'm a Vampire, sweetheart. I like sexy and seductive." A single eyebrow rose. "And cartoon characters and baby animals are not that."

I immediately started fumbling with the buttons on my 'bulky' top over my 'immature' lingerie, and through gritted teeth, I asked, "And?"

"Bondage," he stated evenly.

My fingers froze before I even got one buttoned. Oh, dear Lord. "Bondage?" Yeah, it came out a squeak. "As in kinky fetishes with," my hands fluttered about as I looked up at him, "whips, melted candle wax, balls that go in your mouth, chains, and masks?" I shivered, and not in a good way.

His eyes ran over my face, and he rubbed the back of his neck. "Again, I'm a Vampire. I enjoy all acts carnal."

I blinked.

I wasn't sure I could do that. Nor did I want to. Visions of what he was talking about filled my head, and I whispered, "Trapped." He may be a Vampire, but I was mainly Shifter, dammit.

He froze, staring. "Alright," he said slowly, my freaked expression obviously coming across clearly. "Maybe," he paused, "we could start with simple fur-lined handcuffs."

Instant. "No blindfolds?" Jesus, I was seriously sweating. I wiped my brow.

His nostrils flared as he watched the movement, and he instantly nodded. "If that would make you feel more comfortable in the beginning."

I nodded, and tried to catch my breath. Just handcuffs. I'm sure they wouldn't be silver. Anything else I could break out of. Sure, no biggie.

I hoped.

"And, my last issue." His gaze traveled to my slowing pulse. "I would want to bite you while we're having sex."

Oddly, that I had a real issue with. "Ezra, I want to feel sex while I'm having it, not be under a damn mind hold."

His lips parted slightly as his gaze stayed glued to my pulse, and very slowly his fangs descended. Just a bit. "You have no idea what I can do." His gaze darted to mine, and then back to my throat. "There are different levels I can put you through, some definitely more conscious than others. And all extremely pleasurable."

Hmm. I crossed my arms. That hadn't been in the books I'd learned from.

"That's what I'd need from an exclusive partner." He licked his lips, dragging his eyes away from my throat, his fangs retracting. Again, his eyes flashed. "Well, that, and the ever elusive fidelity without magic." His jaw slowly clenched, but he didn't hide his expression from me this time. He was very much on the fence about this.

Time to put him more on the fence. "I have a few needs of my own you're not meeting." With all his demands, a few of mine had come to mind.

His eyes widened in blatant disbelief.

It was hard not to laugh at his expression, but I pointed to the robe lying by the door. "Your clothes bug the shit out of me." My eyes went below waist level where I could still see him rock hard beneath his jeans. That, I more than loved, but I wanted to see...

"Your ass." On their own accord, my hands made a gentle squeezing motion at butt height. "You have the perfect ass." I dragged my eyes to his gaze, which was now cocky with the compliment. "And you cover it with your damn Vampire attire. I don't mind the robe, but surely there's something you can wear to not hide your assets." Hell, my gaze roamed over his chest and arms...and lower. "And leather. I wouldn't mind seeing it," my hand gestured to his lower half in a grand circle, "in leather."

Yeah.

"And?" he drawled, resting further against the bookcase, obviously not minding being the object of my ogling. In fact, he was damn near preening like a peacock as I continued my perusal, lifting his arms and clutching the framework on the upper shelf. Jesus, he was even sucking in, making his eight pack show in sharp relief as he widened his stance.

I patted the air. "Down, boy. Down."

He chuckled softly, but didn't move from the position, sadly, because my eyes didn't stop traveling over his f**k-a-licious body.

When I decided my staring and panting were becoming embarrassing, I cleared my throat and made myself look away. And my eyes darted around in surprise, seeing I was now standing directly in front of him. He hadn't moved, but I had. Oh, goodness. I stumbled back a few steps, mumbling, "Well, you know...just a little finetuning to your clothes."

"Uh-huh," he murmured softly, taking a step, following me as his thumbs hooked into the top of his pants.

My gaze followed the motion, his happy trail showing a goodly amount and beginning to move into dangerous territory. Fumbling around for a straight thought about whatever else I wanted to say, I took another step back.

Again, he followed. Stalked. Closing a little more the distance between us.

I pointed a finger against his chest, keeping it there and taking another step back.

Didn't help.

He gently brushed my finger away and removed the gap between us.

And then I remembered what else I wanted to say, and I practically shouted, "Sex!"

Grinning, he whispered, "Yes, please."

My mouth opened to argue, but he wrapped his arm around my waist and kicked his leg out and around, knocking the backs of my knees and efficiently making me fall. He fell with me while I squealed - like a girl - as we toppled backward. The wind rushed behind me for all of a second before his grip tightened and he caught me, laying me gently on the lounge couch we had landed on.

I blubbered, "That's not what I meant, dammit." I smacked his shoulder for the sake of it.

"But that's what I meant," he rumbled, his face going to my neck and biting gently. I was still catching my stunned breath as he lifted on the arm that had taken all of our weight in the fall, his lips against mine as he stated bluntly, "We can figure all this other shit out later. Right now I want my c**k buried deep in that sweet, little cunt of yours." His voice was a low rumble, vibrating against my mouth. "I want to hear you screaming my name in pleasure. I want to feel and see when you lose control." Leisurely, he licked my bottom lip. "There's nothing better than when you cum."

His delicious scent and rough words enveloped me, and again, I almost forgot my point.

As he pressed more of his weight on me, I jerked my head to the side, away from his tempting lips that were moving in for the kill, and I stated, "No, not later, Ezra. We need to talk about sex. I've got a few kinks of my own."

Finished resting his c**k against my very aroused flesh, only our thin clothes separating us, the heat amazing, he hummed in question as he began nibbling on my ear.

I blinked repeatedly, trying to stay focused. "Outside. I want you to chase me," I paused, and amended, "I'll probably need a head start because you're so fast, but I want that. Want the thrill of the hunt, the foreplay. And I want to chase and hunt you, too." I swallowed the groan that wanted to emerge as he ran his fingers down my exposed side, sliding his hand behind me to grab my ass and press me harder against his erection. "And I want to have sex in the woods. Against a tree. On the leaves. The grass. Under the moon."

Ezra paused, head lifting, his eyebrows together. "You want us to f**k outside like wild animals..." He trailed off, his mouth swiftly clamping shut as my eyes narrowed.

"Shifter, remember?" I spoke as nicely as I possibly could, since his eyes were growing as big as saucers at the reality looming. "Candles, satin sheets, and four walls with a roof are perfectly wonderful most of the time," I shrugged lightly underneath him, "just not all the time."

He cleared his throat hard, probably appearing as nervous as I had when he mentioned his bondage issue. Vampires didn't like being out in the open; it left them defenseless during a vulnerable moment like sex. They liked it dark and closed off and protected. "The woods?"

I smiled at him gently, running my fingers over his crinkled forehead. "Maybe at first we could find a little nook and use a sleeping bag."

He swallowed, the tension faintly easing from his features. "Right. That wouldn't be so bad." He paused. "A tent would be better."

"Ezra...," I grumbled.

A moment's pause, then he nodded jerkily. "Right. I understand." Features still tight, he asked, "Anything else?"

Yeah, there was. And I hesitated voicing it because it was part of who he was. Nibbling on my lip, my eyes darted back and forth between his now guarded ones, and finally, I blurted, "When you're drinking, I would appreciate you not giving your donors any carnal vibes." I wasn't stupid or selfish enough to ask that he only drink off men. If he started doing that it would definitely be suspicious, not to mention, it would limit his choices.

"I get that." A long pause as he languidly blinked. "That it?"

I stifled my sigh of relief when he didn't argue that one, especially since he felt like pure stone on top of me as he tried to play it cool. "Yes." I nodded. "That's it."

The air rushed past his lips and over my face, his mouth landing on mine with bruising force. The caress definitely wasn't tender or kind. It was more of a taking. An invading and plundering of my very will.

As one hand pressed my core against his erection, his other hand wound its way into my hair, gripping it tight and tilting my head. I gasped at the demand of his possession, and he took the opportunity given. His tongue seized my open mouth, gliding against mine. And conquered as he left not one crevice untouched with the demanding strokes of his inventive tongue. Lost to his clever touch, I whimpered, my knees running along his sides as I opened for him, and my hands sliding over his sexy-as-fuck ass, then grabbing tight and pulling him snug.

"Sweetheart," he growled, grinding against me, creating a thrumming rapid fire to my belly.

"Hmm?" I breathed absently, running my fingers around his pants' waistline.

He lifted his hips for my drifting hands, giving me access to slide them between us, even as he bit and licked down my jaw.

My hands swiftly finding their destination, I unzipped his pants.

Stopped. Remembered that his button had already been undone by the slut. I sucked in a breath, sane thoughts returning like a sledge hammer. We hadn't resolved a damn thing.

"Let me bite you." His fangs were descended as he grazed them over my throat lightly. He growled softly. "Fuck, sweetheart. Please."

I breathed shallowly and tried to squirm out from underneath him, moving a few inches up on the couch and placing my index finger against his lips. "Ezra, it's not that, I-"

He cut me off. "Good." He bit down on my finger. With his fang.

I gasped, my eyes flying wide at the action. He pulled hard, sucking my finger further into his warm, moist mouth. I sank onto the sofa, my eyes hooding as my body came alive with pleasure. A guttural groan that was half woman, half wolf slipped passed my lips as I, none too gently, raked my free hand's nails down his back, hearing him moan at the tiny hurt, until I got to his ass. Sliding my hand under his jeans and boxer briefs to his heated skin, I took a firm hold of a perfect globe and didn't let go.

This was different.

I could still appreciate everything around me. If fact, I didn't want to close my eyes. No part of me wanted to lay docile. I could feel everything, which was mainly the f**king huge erection sliding against me as Ezra re-positioned himself to where I had moved. Most assuredly, this was no unconscious encounter.

His mind hold felt like slow, pleasure-filled flames licking across my br**sts, which I brushed against his chest, adoring the added contact. It was a fanning to the flame that already existed inside my belly, making me tremble further in desire. And it was the sensual glide of heat against my intimate folds, which I rubbed against his erection.

Green eyes dilated even more, darkening, as he took another pull on my finger and watched my reaction, the heat in his gaze just as potent as his mind hold.

I whispered, "That's nice." Understatement.

The corners of his lips lifted around my finger at my simple, polite words, his eyes taking on a mischievous cast as he sucked again, cheeks hollowing with the act.

His mind hold changed.

My eyes damn near crossed as I cried out, "Holy mother!" I choked, my neck arching as those previous gentle flames arrowed straight to my core, finding every nook and cranny, and licking and filling me in a possessive sensual thrust. "Jesus f**king Christ!" Gasping in delectable indulgence, I gazed up at him, undulating against him in luxury.

His green eyes alight with desire and self-confidence, his attention was unwavering as he hummed softly in his throat. Bit by bit, he raised his head, my finger sliding out of his mouth slowly, and his tongue grazed my tiny wound. He said softly, "That was only a little taste."

I cleared my throat, trying to come down from the inferno he had set off inside of me, which didn't work so well as my body screamed for completion.

A tiny smile graced his exotic features, before he inhaled deeply, his grin growing larger.

Uh-huh. He could most definitely smell my arousal since I could scent how turned on I was. His hand slid from my ass, fingers trailing along my trembling flesh to my stomach, and he started unbuttoning my pants as his head lowered and his tongue dipped under my bra line. I blinked furiously as his hand plunged beneath my underwear, his fingers slipping through my folds.

He groaned against my cle**age. "God, I love how wet you get."

"Ezra...," I panted, as his other hand skimmed behind my back to my bra's clasp. I shook my head hard, then thumped my forehead a few times with the heel of my palm when he started circling my clit with the pad of his finger. "We need to..." I cleared my throat hard, not remembering what we needed to do, sucking in air.

That's what did it. The deep inhale of slut. Instantly, my wolf took voice, and I growled low and full of menace, my eyes glowing in rage. Ezra's gaze collided with mine, and I hissed, "You f**king reek of slut!"

His mouth opened, and I slammed a hand over it. "If you say one more time that the woman I saw enter a bedroom with four other Vamp men is not a slut, I'm going to slap you f**king silly." His eyes narrowed, and I knew he was going to argue. Hell, he'd probably been one of those four men before. I growled again, fury enveloping me as her scent wafted from his hair to my sensitive nose. "We're so not doing this right now."

Arched brows slammed together, and he pulled his hand out of my pants to knock my palm away from his mouth. "Do I need to take a f**king bath so you'll quit with the hysterics?"

For that comment, I thumped him on his own forehead this time, then shoved him off me, very much enjoying the satisfying thud and grunt he made as he hit the hard wood flooring beside the couch. Quickly clipping my bra, which he had managed to undo, and zipping my pants, I rolled to my side and saw green eyes flashing in anger up at me where he had landed. I explained as passively as I could manage, "We aren't doing a damn thing until this whole exclusive situation is decided."

His jaw hung open.

It was actually adorable. Kind of endearing, really.

Until he decided to speak.

He sputtered on a rising shout, "You're f**king turning me down?"

I stared down at him. Hmm. To go along with all that ferocity and desire etching his face, he now appeared incredulous. My, my. "You've never been told no before, have you?"

Blurring to his feet, standing at his full, imposing height, he growled, "No. I have not."

I sat up, bones languid, but my body and skin were still on fire for him. "You just sounded like a stuck-up prig." He froze, eyes going wide. I gestured to the door. "There's a first time for everything, Casanova. Consider this yours."

He didn't move.

"Seriously, Ezra. I'm not doing anything sexual with you until we're exclusive."

He slashed a hand in the direction of his erection, hissing, "And in the meantime, what the f**k am I supposed to do with this?"

My lips twitched. Oh, God. "I'm sure you can," I paused, "handle it."

His cheeks flushed with undisguised hostility.

I ignored it and started buttoning my top, ready to get the hell out of there before he started seducing me again. I wasn't sure I was strong enough to withstand another round.

"And what about you?"

My fingers froze on the buttons. Even though I had never heard that tone from him before, I knew what it was. That musically growled question had been his predator's voice.

Very damn cautiously, I peeked up, not making any sudden movements. My heart rate pounded rapidly at what I saw. Fangs fully extended and eyes glowing, he watched me from under his lashes. His tone magnetic, though scary as f**k, he asked, "How do you plan to relieve the pressure?" He took two gliding steps toward me, so smoothly he seemed to float, and his head cocked. "Do you plan to find Finn or Merrick?"

Swallowing gently, and absolutely not moving, I whispered, "No. I don't plan to find a different bed partner tonight." His head tilted the other way, the movement extremely Vampire. Motionless, I waited in the quiet for a response, but when he didn't move for a full minute and none came, I realized I hadn't answered his questions fully. "I plan to handle it myself."

Green eyes glowed even brighter, basically spotlighting my crotch when his gaze flew there. Still, I didn't move as he stared. Finally, a half-minute later, he ran a hand over his face, and when he peered up into my eyes, his weren't glowing anymore. But they were hungrier than shit, apparently knowing what I was going to do, turning him on to fever pitch.

As if he hadn't even realized he'd gone all Vampire-terrifying, he murmured, "Let me watch." His gaze was lit only with heat and desire. "I won't touch you, I'll only..." Again, he motioned to his bulging pants.

I blinked, grasping...Oh, shit...When he'd gone all loco, it had been him jealous. The scent of his possessiveness still hung in the air. I gulped, wondering if he had been right. This was uncharted territory for us. Jealousy wasn't something either of us were used to. With mates, you knew they were faithful, thanks to the magic. And anyone else we hadn't given a damn about. And he, obviously, did give a damn about me, like I did him.

When I sat silent for a few beats too long, he asked softly, "Sweetheart?" He bent at the waist to look me in the eye, only to wince and stand straight again.

I licked my dry lips and shook my head, staying strong on what I knew I wanted, even if he was freakily frightening. "No. If we're exclusive, then I'd be more than happy to do that for you." Another shake of my head. "But not tonight."

He cursed, turning his back to me and crossing his arms, giving me a great view of his ass. Hormones nowhere near diminished from his little Vampire act, I had to close my eyes so I didn't tug him back on top of me. He asked on a growl, "What if I decide a real relationship isn't best for us? What happens then?"

Keeping my eyes closed against the scenery, I told the only truth available to us after feeling this way for him. "We go back to being just friends. To how we were before."

He cursed again even more harshly, and I heard him moving away. I chanced opening my eyes. He was at the desk, grabbing his shirt and jerking it on over his head. Leaving his belt dangling, he zipped and buttoned his pants with a growl, then grimaced as he picked up his robe and towel off the floor. Hand on the doorknob, he glanced at me, his eyes flashing bright green. And continued glowing. Again, his voice harmoniously low and fangs extended, he probed, "Swear to f**king God you're not going to Finn or Merrick or some other damn schmuck tonight?"

Freezing in place, most definitely seeing his predator make another appearance, I replied honestly, "I'm not going to visit any other person to fulfill my needs tonight." Carefully, I raised my hand, waggling my fingers. "Just myself." I held my breath as he stared me down.

After at least a half-minute of stillness, his lashes lowered lazily. When they lifted, his eyes were green. Normal green. Rubbing the back of his neck, he muttered, "Fucking shit." Then he was outside the door before I could track him, slamming it closed so viciously that I watched as a crack webbed its way in the golden paint from the doorframe to the ceiling.

Staring at the closed door, I sucked air, breathing in an echo, "Fucking shit."

What the hell had I gotten myself into?

I groaned, letting my head fall into my hands. I was left high and dry, and had just possibly awoken a predator of epic proportions if he couldn't get himself under control. I wasn't even going to think about my own predator. Hell, I wanted to leave the room right now and hunt.

For Jessica.

Mumbling to myself, I criticized, "Lily Ruckler, this may have been the stupidest thing you've ever done." I pounded my forehead against my hands, sighing heavily when it didn't clear the bloodlust any for Jessica. "Shit." I stood from the couch.

And instantly fell to my knees.

Shaking my head, I placed a hand on the ground, trying to breathe through the lust that had bizarrely turned my body to jelly, which I was thankful for since it was overriding what I would have liked to do to Jessica. His mind hold had definitely taken a toll. Spending a good five minutes on the ground, I tried for calming breaths, sneezing sporadically. Ezra's scent was dissipating and that damn fireplace was tickling my nose.

Wiping my free hand on my pants, I rubbed my nose once it didn't stink of slut so badly. Gingerly, I got to my feet and stayed there for a full minute, feeling dizzy and aching everywhere he had touched. Rolling my head on my shoulders and windmilling my arms a few times, sneezing twice more, I made my wobbly legs move and started blowing out the candles he had lit in the room. As I began picking up the items that had been knocked to the floor, I noticed my hands were shaking.

I stopped and stared at my hand, watching it tremble in front of my face. Well, that was a new one. Pathetic, really. It was like Ezra withdrawal or something. I growled and picked up the pace, wanting to get out of this literally odd-smelling room.

Then I paused with a specific item in my hand.

A brown leather book.

I knew this book. But previously it had been glowing golden. Antonio's book.

Scanning the room again, I groaned. Fuck, this was his frigging office. Not even curious about what was inside, nor stupid enough to chance reading from it, I placed it on his desk.

Only to sneeze.

And freeze with a damning thought.

My senses were wacked without Ezra in here distracting me with his touch and scent. I was shaking and wanted to growl. The symptoms were all there. But, God no...

Deliberately, I rose, lifting a pencil from the desk. Dread began to fill me as I walked toward the lounge couch we had been on only minutes before. I sneezed again, my whole body beginning to vibrate. Taking a calming breath, I chucked the pencil at the fireplace.

As if in slow motion, I watched it fly end over end through the air.

It bounced off thin air, that area a dot of golden magic as the pencil fell to the floor.

I felt the blood drain from my face. Oh, dear Lord above.

Beginning to hyperventilate, I whispered, "Drop it, Antonio."

He had done this once before. Snuck up on us, while we had been sleeping in Ezra's bed, before my surprise funneling attempt. It had wreaked havoc on my senses then, the same as it was doing now. But this time, Ezra and I had been doing much more than sleeping. If Antonio was in this room, hidden behind a Mage spell, there could only be one reason why.

Holding my breath, I waited.

It didn't take long.

A too large f**king golden bubble appeared before my eyes, encasing a fourth of the room, an edge only a few feet in front of me.

Then it was gone. The room as it should be.

Dizziness rushed over me as I began gasping for air, very nearly on the verge of fainting.

Directly in front of me, standing at the fireplace, was Antonio. To his right, sitting on the far couch, was Elder Merrick. To his left, on another couch, was Elder Jacobs. Directly to my left, which I could see only from the corner of my eye, sitting on the gold leather chair, was the fourth to their group. Elder Zeller.

Ezra's dad.

I was pretty sure I whimpered as I swayed on weak legs.

Mutely, they stared.

I gasped, my vision blurring. An excuse! Goddamn it, think of a f**king reasonable excuse! My mouth flapped a few times in an attempt to obey my frantic thoughts as I desperately sought plausible scenarios that might actually fit this predicament. Shit!

Antonio pinched the bridge of his nose, as if he had a Com migraine. "Lil, don't even bother."

Snapping my mouth shut, I stuffed my shaking hands in my pockets.

I was well and truly caught.

His hand dropped to his side, and his gaze returned to mine, as he growled, "You couldn't sense us until now?" He was mighty upset.

I sputtered for a few seconds, then cleared my throat, trying again. "I was distracted."

Elder Jacobs replied dryly, "So we noticed."

I still hadn't looked at Ezra's dad. Nor did I really want to. But, I did - carefully - ask the infuriated Mage, "Why didn't you tell us you were in here?" Peeping Toms!

Antonio bristled. Uh-oh. "You sneak into my damn office and ask me why I didn't show myself?" He stalked forward, and I moved backward. Best to keep a safe distance.

But still... "Yes."

He stopped dead in his tracks at my response, clenching and unclenching his fists, and jerked his head toward Ezra's dad. "We were having a private discussion we didn't want others overhearing when Ezra walked in. He wanted to see how badly you two were lying to him." A pause. "Then the whole situation turned," another head tilt at Cahal, "and he wanted to know his son's decision."

He ran a hand over his face, suddenly appearing tired. "I'm going to have to buy a new lounge couch." My face flamed so hot it had to match my hair. He pointed over my head. "And Ezra's fixing that crack and anything else he broke by throwing my things about."

I nodded quickly, watching him warily. Right now, he was running hot and cold.

He shook his head, muttering, "I seriously didn't want to see that." He glanced at the desk and the couch, making my flush stay bright. "You need to work on your willpower, kiddo. He played you like a f**king fiddle. I thought we were going to have to watch the whole damn thing," he shuddered, "to its conclusion."

I choked, turning my gaze from him, entirely mortified. This resulted with my eyes landing directly on Ezra's dad. I froze as my gaze collided with his. Antonio didn't seem to notice as he rambled on about burning his precious candles, and so on and so forth, striding back to the fireplace and muttering to himself.

Ezra's dad rested with his elbow on the arm of the chair, two fingers propping his chin up as he regarded me with a blank expression.

I had no clue what to say to the man. To any of them, as the room went mute again. An apology seemed ridiculous since I wasn't, in fact, sorry. Denying the action was just ludicrous. Telling them it wouldn't happen again wasn't an honest way to start with a clean slate since, if Ezra wanted to be exclusive, it very much would happen.

Into the strained silence, my face still flaming bright, Elder Merrick drawled, "I do believe I'm going to have to watch my back for a few days." His chuckle was gravelly. "It could be fun."

My gaze wasn't going anywhere from Cahal's, even when Elder Jacobs mumbled, "And your front and sides." A pause. "And from below and above."

Silence extended again after their humor during my undignified experience.

Time sluggishly ticked away as I awaited my fate. No great outcome came to mind.

Finally, Cahal deigned to speak, and still in no hurry, he enquired casually, "You have nothing to say?"

I cleared my throat. Actually, I did. "This was all my fault." Cahal's gaze never wavered from mine, even if blank. I straightened my shoulders. "I originally seduced Ezra." Pulling my hands out of my pockets, I extended them in supplication. "He's more like an innocent party."

That did get a reaction. Just not from who I wanted.

Elder Merrick made a gurgling noise.

Antonio sighed heavily.

Elder Jacobs's jaw fell open.

And Cahal just blinked once - no change.

Again, I cleared my throat, 'cause I had to keep trying. "Really." I pointed at myself. "It was me who initiated it." Kind of the truth. I was the one who had been caught ogling his lips and ass. "There's no reason for you to be upset with your son." I had no clue what his dad would do to him, but it sure as hell wouldn't be all warm and fuzzy.

Ignoring the other three, who appeared to be choking, fainting, or possibly dead, Cahal lifted his chin from his fingers and folded his hands across his flat stomach. Reclining further on the chair, and also ignoring everything I had said, he stated bluntly, "You two lied to me."

Gulping, I nodded once. "Yes."

He stared, dark eyes fathomless. "You two share a bedroom?"

With my thoughts quickly assessing what had been said earlier, my lips pinched. "Yes."

"He was the father of your twins?"

My nostrils flared. Oh, God. "Yes."

His head cocked. "He said they were a boy and girl. How did he know this?"

Lie. "A guess," I stated evenly, keeping my eyes firmly off Elder Merrick, knowing he would sense the fib. Bindi was a good doctor and I didn't want to get her in trouble.

Cahal's thumbs started ticking together, and I realized it was to the cadence of my heartbeat. "Other than the five of us in this room, who else knows about your relationship?"

Sweat began to bead on my forehead. "No one to worry about."

His lips curled cruelly. "Who, Ms Ruckler?"

My lips stayed firmly shut, watching him warily. As soon as I saw the very beginnings of his eyes glowing, I quickly dropped my gaze. Anger and fear overtook my emotions. The f**ker had been about to mind trap me into telling him.

He chuckled quietly. "Maybe there is some intelligence in that brain of yours." Still with the soft chuckling. "But I will have that answer."

It was my only choice on how the situation was dealt. Asshole. "King Venclaire knows." He could handle Ezra's dad the best out of the few others who knew. I only felt slightly guilty handing over his name.

He hummed. "Interesting." He paused. "How did he figure this out?"

My lips lifted on their own accord, glancing up at him. "He's smarter than the rest."

He watched me, eyes roaming over my features. "Is he the only one?"

"Yes." I kept my heart rate steady, having to take a chance Elder Merrick wouldn't blab.

I jolted when my new cell phone in my pocket began ringing. Not sure what to do during this inquisition, I only lifted it from my pocket, trying to figure out where the ignore button was, but Cahal stated, "Answer it." Well, guess that made up my mind.

I flipped it open. "Hello?"

"You're not back in our room yet," Ezra growled over the line, apparently having better luck tracking down cell phone numbers than I'd had. "You said you were going to handle your issue yourself, but you're not here doing it." He sounded all kinds of put out. "Where the f**k are you?"

My gaze lifted over Cahal's shoulder, thanking God that King Kincaid had told me the phones were spelled so no Vamps could overhear what the caller was saying. Go Shifter paranoia. "I got held up."

"If it's not important," Cahal's lips were pinched slightly, probably because he couldn't eavesdrop, "hang the f**king phone up."

But I knew instantly the spell didn't go both ways when there was dead silence over the line, before Ezra asked quietly, "Where are you, sweetheart?"

"I have to go," I stated evenly. I hung up without another word. My phone instantly rang again, but when I couldn't find the damn button to ignore the call, I stuffed it in my pocket with it still ringing. Eyes steadfast on Cahal, I murmured, "Sorry." The ringing stopped, only to start again instantly. "It's new, I don't know how to shut it-" I jerked, my voice silenced when the door slammed open behind me.

Everyone's gaze, including my own, snapped in that direction.

Ezra stood in the doorway, nostrils flared, his green eyes instantly doing a sweep over my person before traveling over everyone in the room, his gaze honed and assessing as he snapped his cell phone shut next to his leg and placed it in his pocket in an efficient motion. My phone instantly stopped ringing, and I realized that was how he had found me - by the ringing. His hair was a wet mess all over his head, as if he had just gotten out of the shower. He was only wearing a pair of athletic shorts. And that was it for clothing. Even his feet were bare.

Antonio made an odd noise, then groused, "Well, why the hell not?" Ezra's mien didn't change at Antonio's outburst into the tense silence. "Come on in, Ezra." Antonio laughed, sounding frazzled. "Join the party."

Instantly, I held up my hand. "Actually Ezra, why don't you go?" I flicked my wrist. "I'll see you later." I was already in it neck-deep. He could still run. "At dinner." Hopefully.

His response was to step inside the room, shut the door, and lock it behind him.

My chest heaved. The man seriously didn't know how to run. "Remember that nifty trick Antonio did that one night before our trip to the zoo?" It was best to give him a heads up if he wasn't smart enough to get out.

His feet didn't even falter as he stalked through the room. "Yes." And, dear God, was he ever stalking, not just walking, his strides showing his rigidity while nothing else about his expression, or even his heart rate, did.

"Well," I nodded around, "this happens to be Antonio's office. All four of them were in it earlier while we were."

He hummed.

That was all he did, stepping beside me with his hands in his pockets, directly between me and his dad.

No lips thinning. No heart faltering. No fainting.

Just that hum as he trained his eyes directly on his dad.

And they stared at each other with utterly blank faces...for what seemed like forever.

And finally, as before, Cahal started speaking, going through the same questions he had asked me, only this time, to his son. "You lied to me."

Ezra's answer was short and simple, like mine. "Yes."

"Ms Ruckler has confirmed you two share a bedroom."

Ezra shrugged. "And a bed."

Cahal's eyebrows rose. "How long has this been going on?"

Ah, a little deviation.

Ezra's head cocked. "The first time we shared a bed was in December."

My head dropped, realizing he was talking about the camping trip last year.

Cahal glanced to me, then back to his son. "Was that when your sexual relations began?"

Ezra's lips lifted. "That was the first night I kissed her," he shrugged, "she ended up naked on top of me by morning."

I stilled, realizing he was taking the fall. Exactly as he said he would do in that supply closet.

Cahal glanced at Elder Merrick, who shrugged, stating, "Truth."

"We didn't actually have sex that night as he's implying." I wasn't about to let him do this.

Cahal ignored me, asking Ezra, who also ignored me, "You were the father of her twins?"

His lips did pinch. "Yes."

"How did you know their genders?"

Ezra's head tilted back and forth. "It's only an assumption." He also didn't look at Elder Merrick at the lie.

Cahal placed his elbow on the arm of the chair, chin in hand, watching his son avidly. "Who knows of your relationship?"

"Other than the people in this room?"

"Yes."

Ezra shrugged. "No one who will ever mention anything."

Cahal's lips lifted on one side. "Enlighten me."

Ezra sighed heavily, stating, "King Venclaire."

Goddamn, what a f**king duo of liars we were.

Cahal lifted one eyebrow. "Who else?"

Ezra's eyebrows came together. "No one else."

"And how did King Venclaire find out?"

Ezra's lips twitched. "He asked for a cigarette."

Cahal's dark eyes moved back and forth between us. "Outstanding." His eyes continued evaluating. "You're both lying in there somewhere, but you both do it so damn well." He tilted his head toward Elder Merrick. "Shall I ask him where you both lied?"

We both shrugged, heart rates normal. If Elder Merrick really wanted to rat us out, he would do so whenever he chose to. It was no longer in our hands.

Cahal grunted. "Simply incredible."

Ezra also grunted. "Are you finished? We've done nothing illegal, so we can't formally be charged with anything, and you can't do anything other than question us."

After an extended silence, Cahal stated, "Just a few more questions." Oh, goodie. His gaze landed on his son. "Did anyone in this room other than you two know of this affair before today?"

Ezra shook his head. "No one in this room knew we were having sex."

Cahal glanced at Merrick, who stated, "Truth."

Dark eyes found mine, Cahal watching me intently. "Same question, Ms Ruckler."

I shook my head. "No one in this room knew we were having sex."

Again, Cahal glanced at Merrick.

But this time, Merrick lowered his head, choking, "Lie."

I quickly pulled my eyes from him, in complete disbelief he would contradict me. I was saving his ass, goddamn it. I felt Ezra stiffen next to me, not knowing this. Both of Cahal's eyebrows rose as he stared at Merrick.

And, oh, so damn slowly, his face turned to me. "Who?"

My lips pinched shut, not knowing what the hell to do.

"I did," Elder Merrick stated gruffly, again earning Cahal's attention. "I knew Ezra was the father of her twins. I originally had my suspicions about their relationship, but when he reacted almost like a Shifter when King Kincaid began using his power on her when she became ill, I knew for sure." He snorted. "I thought I was going to have to save the King's life there for a few moments, and Ms Ruckler saw this."

Cahal's gaze roamed Elder Merrick's face. "We'll discuss this later."

Elder Merrick's lips tilted in a small smile at the obvious irritation in Cahal's brusque tone. "It should be no surprise to you I keep my mouth shut."

A grunt ensued from Cahal, his eyes returning to me. "Was Elder Merrick the only one?"

"Yes." Assumptions were different than fact, and I couldn't one hundred percent be sure Antonio had known about us.

Before Cahal's head even turned completely to Elder Merrick, he stated, "Truth."

Dark eyes on me. "Why would you choose to protect him?"

I shrugged. "He meant no harm to Ezra and me, so no harm should fall on him."

His thumbs began that ticking motion, but this time it was in cadence to Ezra's heartbeat. "What if I said, because of the new information about hybrids, a new Law has been passed, which states if any two individuals from different Mys factions are found guilty of sexual relations, the punishment would be five years jail time followed by a permanent spelled separation?"

Both Ezra and I stilled completely, our heart rates instantly galloping, no longer able to play it cool. Cahal's thumbs stopped their drumming as he cocked his head, watching us closely. I turned to Antonio, searching his expression. He wouldn't lie to me about this.

Antonio was leaning against the wall, arms crossed, watching the proceeding carefully, but he met my gaze evenly. "Some of the Elders are considering this."

My mouth was open, but I quickly snapped it shut, not knowing exactly what to say that was safe.

Ezra growled at Antonio, "To help with war negotiations? Or out of fear?"

"Both, I believe," he said softly, eyeing Ezra.

Ezra's chest rose and fell heavily, his gaze turning toward Cahal. "Are you one of the Elders trying to pass this Law?"

"That isn't the issue here, although I will state, not touching on the fact you two are from different Mystical factions, a romantic relationship between two Rulers can have horrendous outcomes, which I don't believe you two are even considering." He leaned forward, placing his elbows on his knees. "Do you have any idea the disasters that could erupt if this continues and somewhere down the road one of you ends up hurting the other? The four Rulers have to keep the peace together for their subjects' sake. Add in emotions, instead of rational thought, and you both could f**k up the balance."

He snorted, like, as in an actual snort. "You two have already done that with your childish behavior." He shook his head, his eyes closing. He fell back against the chair, actually showing emotion as he muttered a curse under his breath.

He ran a hand over his face, appearing worried as his eyes went to his Ezra. "Son, I wasn't always mated to your mother. I understand true love without the magic. I've experienced profound jealousy. I know what it can do to a person when things don't go your way." Another shake of his head. "You need to listen to me when I say that sometimes you just need to walk away before you get in too deep."

My head dropped to stare at my feet, when all I wanted to do was pounce on the damn man and beat the living shit out of him. Yes, he had a valid argument. All of those things could happen, but Lord help me if I was going to let my damn throne dictate who I did and did not want to be with privately. With someone worth the risk. It already took so much from me, I wasn't about to let it take my soul, too.

Ezra cleared his throat. "We aren't foolish enough to believe it would be easy if we chose to have a real relationship." His voice was soft, and I could tell he was startled by his dad's honest words, probably shocked that his dad had a life before his mom, but he didn't give in. "And on the legal aspect, no Law has been passed yet to try to stop us. Ultimately, it's still our choice. If we did choose to do this, I'm sure we would try to make better decisions in the future in regards to arguments or," he cleared his throat, "other things."

"God," Cahal growled, rubbing his hands over his face in agitation, "I've taught you so much, but you're still so f**king young." He sighed heavily before turning a glare on me.

I went utterly still, my gaze glued to him. Along with all that anger on his face - and there was plenty - there was a deep hurt riding it. A profound one. That was a life experience staring me in the face.

His nostrils flared, and he muttered, "At least your damn mate's dead."

"Dad!" Ezra barked, taking a step in front of me, partially blocking my view. "What the f**k?"

My jaw was clenched at the callous remark, but I quickly placed a hand on Ezra's bicep. "Don't." Cahal's comment hadn't been geared to hurt me. It had been his past talking. I could see that. "I'm not offended." Ezra's wide gaze met mine in disbelief. I shook my head, giving his arm a tug and placing him back where he was originally standing. "It's okay. Really."

Ezra's gaze flew to Elder Merrick.

Elder Merrick's arms were crossed, a fist in front of his mouth, intelligent eyes watching. Mute. But he met Ezra's silent question. "Truth." His navy blue gaze turned to me. "It's amazing how much you see." A pause. "And don't."

Well, that could mean a million things.

I cleared my throat, trying to get back on track. "When is this new Law supposed to be decided?" My gaze flew to each Elder in the room. "And do you plan to tell them about us?"

Elder Jacobs chuckled softly where he had been sitting quietly. "You have some balls, girl."

I shrugged. "It's best to be prepared." I left it at that. Their responses would dictate whether I would be asking a favor of Antonio. If they planned to blab, I would have their memories permanently erased. There were survival instincts on many different levels.

"I'm not sure I want to know what's going through your mind right now," Elder Merrick murmured softly, eyes scanning my face. "You get this certain look about you sometimes that scares even me."

"I raised her. What else would you expect?" Antonio stated quietly, intervening graciously as a small smile played at his lips. He winked at me. He knew what I would ask of him.

Ezra's hand landed on the small of my back, surprising me - he was apparently no longer afraid to touch me in front of them and pulled me against his side. "I don't believe the answers are written on her br**sts, Elder Merrick." My gaze flew to the Elder, and I caught his eyes lifting from my chest. "Just answer her questions."

Elder Merrick shrugged, waving a hand. "Forgive me. I was just daydreaming about attractive bunnies." I bit my lips as the man still managed to antagonize Ezra, but watched as he shook his head. "I believe they plan to decide this Law quickly. And, baby Zeller, I've known many secrets in my life, and I'm the very soul of discretion."

Ezra growled quietly, but his gaze went to Elder Jacobs. "And you?"

But Elder Jacobs was staring at Elder Merrick. "Bunnies? I thought they were lambs."

My eyes closed as I rubbed my forehead. "Can everyone please stop talking about my bra?"

"They were bunnies. Get your f**king eyesight checked," Elder Merrick griped. "I'm not going to save your ass on the field just because you're too afraid to see a doctor."

Elder Jacobs's face scrunched up. "Where the hell does a grown woman even buy lingerie like that?" His gaze went to my chest. "She's not small enough for the children's section."

Face flaming brightly, I didn't even mind when Ezra shoved me behind him and rumbled, "No, she's not a f**king child, as you all," his predator growled low, "saw. And I would appreciate it if everyone would quit staring at her damn br**sts." I rested my forehead against his back at the reminder of how much they had seen. And I couldn't help the fact I was a smidge pleased at seeing him act possessive. That was a good sign for what I had asked of him. "Now, Elder Jacobs, would you mind answering her question?"

"I'm not a snitch, nor bored enough to really care about your sex life," I heard Elder Jacobs rumble. "Although, I agree with Elder Zeller. I don't think you two have any clue about the consequences of your actions." A pause. "But since you're young and headstrong, and more than likely won't listen to the voice of reason, I will state that you need to make it a priority to wrap it up, since you two have already proven you're damn fertile." He paused with a heavy sigh. "Do you know how long it takes almost all Mysticals to conceive? And you two did it so quickly." He cursed. "Wrap. It. Up."

Ezra cleared his throat. "Condoms...got it." He was careful not to say he would.

Elder Jacobs half chuckled, half grunted. "Jesus, Zeller, didn't you teach your kid anything?"

"Apparently, not who to stay away from," Cahal muttered.

"That's enough, Cahal," Antonio said in a quiet, clipped tone. Too quietly. "I've let you have your fun, but don't you dare take out your aggression on her any longer."

I peeked around Ezra's shoulder when the room went quiet.

Cahal was peering at Antonio, slightly glowing eyes narrowed. "I will do as I damn well please where my son is concerned."

Whew...he was upset.

Antonio's lips lifted, and he actually bared his teeth at Cahal. "And I will do as I damn well please where Lily is concerned."

Well...they were both pissed.

Elder Jacobs clapped his hands loudly. "Okay, that's enough of that, you two. You want to take it outside later, feel free, but right now, we need to finish this, so we can finish our other business because," he glanced around, "all this gold is making me queasy."

"Elder Farrar?" Ezra asked after a moment, again surprising me as he slid his hands back, taking hold of my hips and pulling my body flush against his warm back.

Antonio heaved in a large breath, moving his attention away from Cahal. His head tilted back on the wall, eyes closed, as he waved a hand. "I'll never do anything to harm Lily."

"Don't even ask me, Ezra," Cahal's head was now in his hands, "You know I'll protect you."

A pause, then Ezra murmured quietly, "I know, Dad." Slowly, he started backing up, pushing me with him. "I think we'll go now." His steps were growing larger, even as he lifted me off my feet when my strides wouldn't match his. "You all have a nice evening."

"Yes, please go," Antonio stated quietly, but waved a hand. "I will expect you to come back to fix that crack you put above my door." One eye opened. "When you're invited."

"Of course," Ezra stated, setting me on my feet, even though I was pretty sure he had no clue what Antonio was talking about. "I'll wait for your call." He opened the door for me.

I had one foot in the hallway when I stilled. Cahal was using the old Vampire form of communication. Grabbing my earlobe, I tugged on it while I listened to his voice hiss in my ear, "If you ever hurt him, I will kill you."

My wolf wanted to growl, but I swallowed it, dropping my hand and glancing back at him. He loved his son something fierce. There was no denying that. Ezra had frozen when I had, his gaze snapping to his father, smart enough to understand what was happening. Cahal's head lifted. His dark eyes met mine.

Oh, did he ever mean his threat, too.

I got it, so I nodded, then exited the room with a hovering Vampire next to me.

Chapter Fifteen

Ezra was an intermittent growling mess once out of his dad's eyesight.

On the plus side, no one tried to intercept us as we made our way to our bedroom.

On the downside, when we entered said bedroom, he went all loco-Vampire-freaky.

As soon as the door shut, his eyes glowed, and maybe a heartbeat later, I was dizzy and sitting on the bed with my back resting against the headboard. Jack and Pearl were lying on the bed being bums and watching TV, and they both froze as I thumped next to them. Eyes wide in shocked wooziness, I stared at the Vampire whose eyes were glowing fiercely as he growled continually, his movements too damn smooth - his predator peeking out to say hello - as he lifted the blanket over me, tucking it tightly around my legs and meticulously fluffing it up to my shoulders.

Jack started to tap my shoulder, more than likely to ask me what the hell was going on, but his face suddenly glowed green as Ezra's attention snapped to him. His fangs fully bared, his growl rumbling more deeply than before. Oddly, the bone structure of his face was even more sharply defined, somehow appearing more beautiful and deadly at the same time. Intelligently, Jack's hand retreated before he touched me. Ezra's growl continued a moment longer at that lower tone, definitely a warning of sorts, before it went back to the only-just-scary growl...right before he gently placed his hand on my shoulder, pulling me forward to place a pillow behind my back.

He straightened, his head cocking. Reached to lift the blanket higher on my shoulder and brush a few stray strands of hair off my face. Slowly, his head slanted toward Pearl and Jack. He growled that deeper tenor before saying in a musically creepy tone, "Don't touch her."

They both nodded.

Finally, blinking past my dazed astonishment, I found my voice. "Ezra, I'm alright."

He only stared at me.

Talking in a soft voice, one people use specifically when someone's going off the deep end, I said, "Really, Ezra. No one hurt me. They only talked-" I squeaked when he was suddenly in my face, a finger over my lips.

"My dad had you," he hummed, the tone just shy of hypnotic. "One time, you called him seriously scary, but that doesn't even begin to describe him. He didn't get his reputation by being...nice. The things he's done, the things he's taught me, are not anywhere kind enough for nightmares." His head cocked, the movement all Vampire. "Don't ever be that naive again, sweetheart. If he's ever upset with you, hit him with every ounce of power you have," he leaned forward until our noses touched, "then...fucking...run."

My lips pinched under his finger. "Antonio was there. He would never let him harm me."

Ezra growled so loudly the sound actually vibrated against my entire body.

I wasn't one hundred percent sure how to handle this situation. All I had were Shifter experiences to go from. If I had to compare the two, which truly weren't all that far apart - between the four Mystical factions, Vampires and Shifters were the two predators of the group while Mages and Elementals were the gentler of our people - his reaction was extremely similar to the way a Shifter would behave after feeling a loved one had been threatened. Hoping I was right, risking his predator seeing it as a threat, I acted to try to calm him the only way I knew.

Shifter style.

Inhaling heavily, I cautiously pulled my hand out of the blanket and rested it on his cheek. Then hit him with a dose of soothing Shifter magic. His growl sputtered as he blinked a few times. I whispered, "I was fine. I know when to run. And that wasn't the time." Brushing his finger from my mouth, I bent forward and placed my lips gently against his slightly parted ones. "Shh. It's alright, baby. I'm right here. I'm fine." I kissed him softly. Once. "Calm down."

His breathing became pants against my lips as we stared one another in the eyes. Again, I hit him with another dose of soothing magic. His whole body trembled, his growling quieting, no longer loud enough to rock the air around us. Shakily, he stated, "You scared me. When I heard my dad order you off the phone...fuck, I was so scared." His nostrils flared. "Promise me you'll do as I said if your instincts tell you he's too angry."

That was a no-brainer. "I promise." Cahal was one scary mother-fucker.

His eyes holding mine captive, Ezra's growl turned into a purr, and he tilted his face into my palm, kissing it softly before rubbing his cheek against it, then he moved fluidly - like he floated - over me to lie between Jack and me, half his body resting over mine. With an arm and a leg firmly wrapping me tight under him, he rested his head on my lap. He closed his eyes, the glow disappearing even though his soft purr didn't.

Pulling my other hand out, my heart melted as he shuddered once and buried his head further against me, his grip unbreakable, and I started softly petting him. Fingers moving slowly through his almost dried hair, I began working the tangles out, running my other hand over his muscled back. We'd had one hell of a roller-coaster ride between having 'the talk', our sexual frustration, and then the inquisition. Now, we were free to just...be.

His Vampire seemed to like the gentle motions, because when I stopped for the barest moment to peer at Pearl and Jack, the purr turned into an ill-mannered growl until I started caressing him again. Then he went back to purring. My lips curled at the badass Vampire's churlishness. It was a bit adorable, which I never thought I would say about a powerful predator.

As I continued to stroke him, my eyes moved to Jack and Pearl. They were staring at Ezra. I decided they appeared a combination of freaked, confused, and a bit uncomfortable - as if they were witnessing something they shouldn't. That last one was more than likely because they were observing what Ezra and I kept private, our more intimate discussions only ever happening when we were alone together - normally between lovemaking sessions.

After clearing my throat, I began to softly whisper to them what had happened. Skimming over the more physical details, and further skimming over our intimate discussion throughout our time in Antonio's office, I got to the point of why Ezra was acting as he was. Jack's and Pearl's expressions varied from fear to wariness as I spoke. And all the while, Ezra gradually pulled me down lower on the bed until I was flat on my back with a heavy Vampire over me, his purring only diminishing when he actually fell asleep with his face in the crook of my neck.

"Do you trust what they said?" Pearl asked softly so she didn't wake the troubled Vamp.

"Yes," I whispered, still running my hands through Ezra's hair. "Their answers were truth."

Jack eyed me, having stayed quiet the longest. "What aren't you telling us?" He slanted his head toward Ezra. "That was something else entirely."

Resting my cheek against the top of his head, I inhaled his scent heavily. I wasn't going to lie to them, and at the same time, I hadn't told them initially because I wasn't sure how they would handle it. But Jack had figured out something was askew. "I asked him to be exclusive. To have a real relationship." Their expressions carefully stayed the same, not giving me much to go on. "He said he had already been thinking about it," I rubbed my cheek against Ezra's head, "This is him not hiding his emotions."

Jack ran a hand through his hair. "I can't say I didn't see this coming." He stared at the bedroom door. "But why did he fly in here the first time, pissed the f**k off, go immediately to the shower, only to come out in a mildly better mood?"

My lips pinched. "We have...a little issue...with jealousy and I told him we weren't doing anything...intimate...until we figured out what we're going to do relationship-wise."

Jack's lips twitched. "That explains the shower."

Pearl cocked her head. "You sure about what you're asking for?"

I sighed. "We're practically already doing it. I just want it agreed on." I wanted him to be mine.

Golden eyebrows rose. "I think you know what I'm talking about." She gestured around the room. "I've never seen him like that before. When he first came in, he was floating."

Ah. "Like I said, we'll have a little issue of jealousy to work out in the beginning."

Both gave me a look.

My eyes narrowed. "Okay, a big one, but that doesn't mean I don't stand by what I want." I paused, and gradually began to grin, staring at Jack. His expression became instantly wary, so I asked sweetly, "Jack, can you help me with something?"

"What?"

I plucked at my shirt. "I need a man's opinion on what's," I imitated Ezra's deep voice, "sexy and seductive." I rolled my eyes. "He pretty much said my clothes suck."

Jack gurgled, and quickly cleared his throat. "I could probably help you with that."

My smile grew. "Perfect."

Sometimes things work out perfectly.

Right after Ezra left for kitchen detail the next morning, Elder Merrick called the room to tell me he had a meeting to attend and wouldn't be available for our training session. So I had jumped on the private time and tried to wake Jack up, ready to have him help me with my clothes dilemma. He had groused unintelligibly for a few minutes while I tried to wake him, but had woken fully when I dragged his ass out of bed where he had been snuggled up, all nice and warm next to Pearl. He hadn't much appreciated hitting the cold floor.

But we had gotten to work...sort of.

"What about this one?" I asked, holding up a pair of jeans almost identical to what Ezra wore yesterday, only girl-style, and a strapless silver shirt. "I really like it."

Jack pounded his head against the wall. Literally. We had been at this for a half-hour. He, I was finding out, was like any other man I saw in department stores being dragged around by a woman. The look of pain was barely masked.

The only difference between him and the other men I had observed was he didn't lie to hurry me. He kept vetoing every outfit I pulled out of my closet, in effect making this process much longer than it should have taken.

I shook the garments. "Ezra wears pants just like these!"

"Ezra's a guy!" Jack sighed, grabbing the jeans from my hands. "Jeans can, at times, be sexy on a woman, but they're always hot on a man." Frustrated, he tossed the jeans onto the pile in the closet. "You don't want at times. You want always."

I chucked the shirt, enjoying the thud it made against the wall. "He said not to take it offensively, but how can I not!" I cracked my neck. "I like my damn clothes."

Gently, Jack's eyes closed, and he rubbed his temples. "He's a full-blooded Vampire. He has different interests to you." Brown eyes slowly reappeared, and he stared. "At least he was honest and man enough to tell you the truth of what he wants." His gaze hit the pile of clothes on the floor.

I blinked, thinking I was missing something. "Jack, you doing okay?" He had been acting much better these past few weeks, so I had assumed he was, but now, I wasn't so sure.

He rubbed his chin and sighed. "Yeah, I'm fine." After another sigh, he looked at me. "I'm sure he won't care if you wear your own clothes most of the time, he just wants to see you dress for him every once in a while."

I watched him for another moment, gauging his honesty. I had sniffed the air, and he hadn't lied, but he hadn't told the truth, either. His scent was somewhere in the middle.

When it didn't look like he was going to elaborate any, I grumbled, "Just tell me what guys like."

He rested against the wall. "If you're going for the f**k factor, you need a dress. Extremely short and showing lots of cle**age. But nothing too gaudy, so you can wear it anywhere." His eyes skimmed me from head to toe, not sensually, his regard purely analytical. "Black. Or red, like the color of your hair." A pause. "Vamps like hooded robes, so possibly add that for effect."

I snorted. "I'm not wearing a damn hooded robe like his." I tapped my chin, thinking this through. "But maybe I could come up with something a little Shifter-Vampire."

Chapter Sixteen

Cursing my bad luck, I hurried through the maze of hallways for the noon meeting. King Kincaid had caught me as I had been heading outside for a private run in my wolf form to fully use my free time, informing me that my presence would be required for the gathering. All of the Prodigies were requested to be there. Not in the realm of normal, I had hurried my run, but I hadn't been quick enough. A damn critter had chewed on my heels, wrecking them beyond repair.

I still wore my new outfit. Even shoeless. Oddly, I actually preferred it, but Jack had said the heels were sexy as hell. And now I didn't have them.

I ran a hand over my outfit, trying to smooth away my nervousness as if it were a wrinkle in my attire. Ezra would scent that, and I wanted him to see me as confident in this outfit. Like all the other Vampire women that sauntered around in sensual clothing like this. I chewed my lip and slowed my pace so I could get it together.

Now minus my black heels, I wore leather and fur. The leather was the strapless dress, made of material so soft that it felt like butter. It skimmed in a straight line across my chest, revealing a goodly amount of cle**age, and hugged my body to right below my ass. No bending over for me. It was simple and sexy, as Jack had instructed.

The fur came into play with the soft, hooded jacket I wore. It was thin and its length barely skimmed the ground. Four buttons kept it closed, hiding my dress underneath. And it was the color of my wolf's fur. In fact, it felt just like it because I had designed it that way.

Jack had approved with a whistle, although now he might scowl seeing my black painted toenails instead of sexy footwear. Oh, well. I had tried. If I could just focus on how comfortable the outfit was - because it was - I would be doing fine.

I sighed and rolled my head on my shoulders, hearing masculine voices drifting from the main conference room. I was a few minutes early, but it sounded like the majority of everyone was already in there. Running my hands over the soft fur again, I closed my eyes and relaxed.

It was show time.

Entering the room, I glanced around.

Blinked.

All the Kings were here. In fact, King Venclaire was pocketing a wad of cash. Antonio's posse were also here, and Cahal was...my God...actually grinning. As in, a real damn smile. I couldn't help but gape because he was handsome instead of so harshly imposing, with his pearly whites showing like they were. All eight of them stood on one side of the long conference table.

And Ezra was in here, standing on the other side of the table, lips lifting in amusement as he watched what everyone else was watching.

That being: a lion cub.

Specifically, a large lion cub with enormous paws that stalked back and forth on top of the conference table, hissing or growling while he eyed the Kings and Elders. The male cub already had muscle definition, even with its rounded, healthy belly, and his tail twitched in agitation as he moved. He held his head proudly, his chest puffed even though his gaze was watchful.

It appeared as if he were protecting Ezra, keeping the big baddies away. I couldn't help but grin. He was damn adorable, though I knew full-grown he would be imposing even to a Shifter.

I strode forward, stopping at the end of the table. No one paid the least bit attention since the cub was at the other end. Honestly, I thought they didn't even know I had entered.

Elder Merrick growled, "One out of two, Cahal. Not two out of two." He glanced at Ezra. "At least it's not damn eagles, like we got. Those f**kers shit everywhere they please." He then glared at Antonio.

I was completely lost, but I didn't miss how Ezra shot him an undisclosed look of aggression.

"I should probably ask for a cut since he's my son," Cahal said proudly to King Venclaire.

"You could ask." King Venclaire shrugged. "I still won't give you one." He pointed at the cub. "He really is large for his age."

"Hell yes, he is," Ezra murmured, swiping his hand over the cub's back as he passed, appearing just as puffed as the cub. His gaze - actually - moved from said cub, and he noticed me. He blinked slowly before his gaze traveled over my hooded red fur coat.

I watched in barely concealed delight as his breath hitched.

Score!

And he hadn't even seen the dress yet.

My attention was jolted from Ezra when King Fergus asked, "What's he doing?"

For a second, I thought they were talking about Ezra since his hood was down and he wasn't exactly being discreet in his ogling, but a quick glance at the eight Rulers to my right and I saw they were all watching the cub. It had stopped directly in front of me and now sat on its haunches, staring up at me.

"I haven't the foggiest," Elder Jacobs answered.

Still lost at their commentary, I lifted a hand to pet him since he wasn't growling at me.

"Don't," Ezra barked loudly, his eyes going wide.

I snatched my hand back. "What's going on?"

The cub chose that moment to pounce. And he was damn quick. His front paws landed on my chest as he rose on his hind legs. His adorable face was now even with mine. He licked my nose.

I chuckled at the cub, even as I felt Ezra's heat abruptly at my side. "Ah, you're a charmer, are you?" He nuzzled his head against my face, his big paws beginning to knead, his claws briefly appearing before disappearing, but not hurting me. Tickled by his sweet antics, I rewarded him by scratching under his chin. He seemed to like it, arching his head back for me.

Ezra made an odd noise in his throat.

"What the f**k?" King Kincaid muttered.

"I bet it's a surprise attack," King Nelson stated. "He needs to get close to rip into her throat."

I froze at that, and my face was bombarded with lion slobber as he licked all over my cheek. The cub made a noise, peering up at Ezra, who stood a breath away from my side, his hands raised almost as if they were frozen in mid-motion, aiming for the cub. My eyes followed the cub's to Ezra. He was staring at the cub with what could only be called shock.

At that exact moment, I felt something slip under my coat.

Already a little freaked, I squealed and jumped.

Ezra unfroze, and in a blur, held the cub away from me, shouting in his furry face, "No!"

King Kincaid rushed to my side. "How badly did he hurt you?" His fingers began effectively unbuttoning my robe, his gaze intent on the action.

"He didn't hurt me," I squealed, bouncing on my feet. "Something's under my coat!"

Everyone froze.

Except for the cub in Ezra's grip, which batted at his hands, huffing at him. And me, as I continued squalling and bouncing. And then King Kincaid as he shouted, jumping away from me and staring down at the bottom of my coat.

King Kincaid blinked, holding up his hands. "Stop moving! You're going to hurt her."

Everyone in this damn room was acting crazy. I sure as hell wasn't going to stand still and let a critter lie in wait to bite my ass. Quickly, I finished undoing the last button and yanked my robe apart, staring down at the ground. Within my wide stance was a small, reddish lioness cub.

She stared up at me, blinking innocently, even though her tail twitched in irritation.

"Fuck me, what a view she's got," Elder Merrick rumbled, his wolf growling low.

I glanced up and saw his eyes glow with craving. Blinking, I glanced down again, and realized what he meant. She was between my legs with an unfettered intimate view. I also realized I had revealed my attire not quite how I had wanted.

I couldn't chance peeking at Ezra right now because that might be too obvious after Elder Merrick's comment, so instead I lowered and picked the cub up. She instantly cuddled against me and hardly let me place her on the table, wanting to stay in my arms. Her ears instantly lowered when her paws touched the marble and she eyed everyone else warily, a bitty growl, which was barely distinguishable, vibrating inside her chest.

Slowly, she lowered and began creeping back in forth in front of me, her eyes not leaving the Kings and Elders. Goodness, she was really worked up, appearing to not like people much. Glancing at Ezra's cub, which was having a fit to be put on the table, I reached over, plucked him from Ezra's grip, and placed him on the table with an affectionate rub on the head.

"Go play." I patted their rumps, pushing them. "And quit causing such a ruckus."

Ezra made that funny noise in his throat again.

I chanced peeking at him as the large male cub began creeping in a circle around the small female cub, sniffing her. Ezra's eyes were darting back and forth between me and the cubs, a mixture of shock and desire riding his features. I stood on tiptoe, asking him, "Now, what's the matter with everyone?"

The room was mute except for the noises the cubs were making.

Ezra inhaled sharply, and his gaze darted to Elder Merrick, shooting him a poisonous glance, before his eyes returned to me. Actually, my cle**age. He licked his bottom lip, placing a hand high over the cubs, and said, "He let you touch him."

I blinked. "And?"

His mouth opened again but his body stilled, his head snapping to the cubs. The female was raised on her hind legs and butting her head against his palm, obviously wanting him to pet her. Bit by bit, Ezra began stroking her head, bending at the waist with a look of awe as she nuzzled into his hand. He brought his face close to her, gazing at her watchfully.

Until the male swatted at Ezra's hand and jumped, sitting right in front of his face with his furry back to Ezra's nose. He puffed up his chest and growled once at the female. Ezra straightened as the male lowered his face and started nudging her with his head. She bit his ear gently, but moved when he kept pushing. When he stopped, she swatted at his face for his antics, but he ignored it and started circling her again, gradually lowering his body, his eyes avidly on her.

"What's he doing?" I asked in fascination.

Antonio coughed hard, glancing at me.

My eyebrows came together as Ezra snatched the crouching male off the table, holding him against his chest. Before Ezra turned his back to everyone, gently scolding the cub, I saw that his cheeks were pink. Dazed and confused, I most definitely was.

I jerked and gasped as the female took a flying leap and bashed into Ezra's side where he was resting his hip against the table. She didn't claw him, but she most definitely batted at his arm before landing in a crouch, growling at him. Ezra stopped rebuking the male and peered at her. She sat straight and looked at him harmlessly, then made a whining noise, rising on her hind legs and placing her front paws on the male cub's hanging limb.

Ezra's lips twitched, and he said softly, "You can play with him later."

And so help me if she didn't actually listen to him. She dropped, and with one last glance at the male cub, she moved in front of me and started growling again, this time at the Kings and Elders.

"Maybe," Elder Jacobs said into the quiet, appearing thoughtful, "they're friendly when they know we mean them no harm." A pause. "Not all of our eagles hated each other in the beginning."

Cahal blinked. "Pet her and see."

Elder Jacobs rubbed his chest, acting nervous. "Alright. I'll test the theory." He moved down the table and reached a hand out to the female cub.

I jumped when she attacked. I didn't even have time to make a startled noise before Elder Jacobs shouted and jerked his hand away. Two of his fingers were sliced so badly from her bite that bone was showing, and he had long, deep scratches on his wrists that were bleeding profusely because she had caught him under his wrist at the veins.

"Mother-fucker!" Elder Jacobs hissed, holding his hand to his chest protectively. He glared at the female cub, which was licking her bloody chops and hissing at him. "She's f**king viscous."

I could have sworn the female cub grinned and made a chomping motion in his direction.

King Kincaid's chest rose. Stayed that way. "Of course she is."

My eyes about crossed. "What the hell am I missing here?"

Ezra was actually chuckling at the female cub, and with a quick glance at me, then back to her, he asked, "Didn't you pay any attention in history class?"

Um, no. I had slept through most of it, only passing the class because Pearl had provided me with study notes. "It went in one ear and out the other as soon as I took the tests."

Ezra sighed and carefully placed on the table the male cub, which appeared to have listened to his direction. He didn't try crowding the female again, only squatting and watching her. "When Prodigies are in times of war, or when there will be a war during their ruling, they receive an animal of protection." He gestured toward the cubs. "Vizoacs."

I eyed the cubs, which would currently be lunch meat for any Shifter. "Vizoacs?" Ezra nodded, petting his cub, and I muttered, "I don't remember anything like that."

Ezra grunted. "They magically recognize where to find us. No one really knows where they come from, since they appear before the Prodigies are crowned. They're only loyal to their owner. Anyone else who touches them will get an ugly surprise." He blinked, and amended, "Well, they're supposed to, anyway. That's why it's remarkable that he let you touch him and she let me touch her."

King Venclaire interjected. "He's forgetting to tell you a crucial detail." He grinned, patting his full pocket. "Whichever of the four Prodigies is the powerhouse of the group is how the Vizoac is determined."

Ezra explained at my blank expression, "If the Shifter is the most powerful, the Prodigies receive wolves. If the Elemental is, they receive hawks. If the Mage is, they receive eagles." Ezra's lips twitched as he glanced at Cahal. "A Vizoac lives as long as its owner, so Dad's still got his eagle. And he's a crafty, mean bastard."

Huh. That meant Antonio was the most powerful of their four.

I deduced the rest. "And if the Vamp is, the Prodigies get lions."

Ezra nodded once and shrugged.

I barely withheld rolling my eyes. It might have worked for him to underplay being the 'powerhouse' if his eyes weren't gleaming with satisfaction. As if the man needed anything else to be cocky about. A bit irritated, I crossed my arms. Just once, I would have liked to have been the best at something.

He watched me as I processed this, and like it couldn't be contained, a smile of smug delight lifted his lips, and he drawled, "Was there ever any real question?"

I scowled, instead of pouting like I really wanted to.

King Kincaid rubbed my back. "Who needs another wolf when you can control them all?"

I blinked. "Good point." A quick glance at him, smiling gratefully. "Thanks."

He kissed my forehead, giving me a quick squeeze before backing away rapidly when the female cub had a hissy fit on the table.

"What are you two going to name them?" King Nelson asked.

I chuckled, jerking my head at Ezra. "He'll probably name his something barbaric like Zeus."

Ezra grunted. "I know what I'm going to call him." He glanced at his dad. "I've had the name picked for years in case we got one." He chuckled as his dad's eyes narrowed. "I had to come up with something better than," he coughed, "Bastard."

"The name he picked isn't much better," Cahal grumbled, eyeing my clothes.

"It wasn't always such," Antonio said quietly.

"Bastard?" I asked, ignoring his dad and Antonio.

Ezra jerked his head toward Cahal. "That's what he named his eagle."

Hmm. I was betting Cahal had been miffed that he hadn't been top dog.

Eyeing the little lioness, I picked her up. She immediately stopped hissing and rubbed her cute head against my face, peering at me with the most beautiful golden eyes. I smiled. "Bonnie. I'm going to name her Bonnie because she's so pretty." I wasn't going to be mean and name her something horrible because I was upset Ezra had more power than me.

She licked my cheek. Guess she liked it.

Ezra made that funny noise in his throat, and he sputtered, "Seriously?"

"I know it's not a tough name, but," I kissed her nose, "she's gorgeous."

Cahal snorted, coughing over it, and turned his back to everyone.

"Well, what's this name you've had forever?" King Nelson persisted.

Ezra cleared his throat, staring hard at his cub and rubbing the back of his neck. His dad glanced over his shoulder, raising an eyebrow at him. Ezra cleared his throat before sighing and saying quietly, "Clyde."

I blinked. Clyde was the special name he'd had picked forever?

King Venclaire laughed outright. "Oh, that's perfect."

King Fergus and King Nelson nodded, chuckling hard.

King Kincaid raised his eyes to the ceiling. "Lord help me, not Bonnie and Clyde."

Huh?

I blinked slowly as comprehension dawned.

Well, there was nothing to be done about it now. I had already named her. And I guess it fit.

"Clyde?" Elder Merrick asked, his nose wrinkling in distaste.

Ezra's hooded gaze snapped to him, but before he spoke his dad murmured softly, "We adopted a tabby cat when Ezra was a toddler. He ended up with cancer and died a few years later. The shelter had named him Clyde and we never changed it." His dad's lips lifted in a soft smile, making me stare again. "Ezra called him 'Tide' for almost a year because he couldn't pronounce it right."

"Dad," Ezra grumbled, his jaw hard and cheeks pinking.

Cahal shrugged, unrepentant about embarrassing his son.

Elder Merrick's lips twitched. "Little putty tat make a lasting impression?"

Ezra's eyes flashed. "He was a protective animal that died too soon."

The male cub, newly named Clyde, peered up and growled at Elder Merrick.

I stepped forward into Ezra's line of sight, since the furious vampire appeared like he wanted to rip the Elder's throat out. And damn Elder Merrick for taunting him, especially when he knew Ezra was already out of sorts with regard to him. Tilting my head, I asked, "What else should I know about our Vizoacs?" I held his infuriated gaze when he looked my way, and I could tell he was barely holding it together by the squint to his eyes.

He inhaled sharply and his free hand, which wasn't petting his cub, fisted, but he said evenly, "They understand when spoken to and do exactly as the owner says." He glanced at the cubs. "Normally, they hate each other, but work together when needed."

Antonio walked past me, whispering, "And they're said to have a touch of your essence."

Ezra's eyes darted to him. "That, too." Green eyes met mine.

Oh! No wonder they didn't mind each other.

Glancing down at Bonnie, I watched as she sat when the Kings and Elders began talking amongst themselves. And pretty much fluttered her eyelashes at Clyde. I choked and quickly snatched her off the table. "You know, I think I'm going to have a talk with her." If she could understand me, she and I needed to have a conversation about discretion. Now.

Ezra's lips lifted, not missing Bonnie's antics. "That would be wise."

Rejoining the group after my 'talk' with Bonnie in the hallway about restraint, I sat at the long conference table and placed Bonnie on it. Jack and Pearl had finally joined the group. They had been late because their cubs had found them, both of them immediately knowing what the animals were since they apparently paid better attention in history class than I did. I nodded toward Pearl's lioness cub, which was almost blond in color and larger than Bonnie. "What are you going to name her?"

She grinned as everyone began to seat themselves around the table. "Buttercup."

I smiled at the lioness, who was grooming herself on Pearl's lap. "It fits." My grin grew. "I've always loved that name."

Antonio rolled his eyes, understanding.

"Thank you," Pearl nodded, giving Buttercup a quick kiss on the forehead.

"What about you, Jack?" Ezra asked, sitting directly across from me.

Jack sat next to him holding his lion cub, which was a perfect tawny color, close to his chest. "I'm going to name him after the direction of my element." He chuckled when we stared at him. "West, people. West is my element's direction." He held the cub in front of his face, and spoke softly, "West is your name." He got a lick of gratification on his chin.

My jaw dropped at the same time Antonio chuckled hard.

"What?" Jack asked, pulling the cub back to his chest protectively. "It's a good name."

Antonio glanced at me, raising an eyebrow.

My gaze darted back and forth between Jack and Pearl as I sputtered, "Have you two never seen The Princess Bride?" It wasn't completely the same, but it was close.

"No," Jack answered slowly, his eyebrows coming together.

Pearl shrugged, shaking her head.

Antonio jerked his head toward me. "It was her favorite movie growing up." He rubbed his forehead. "I think I can probably recite the whole damn thing, we watched it so many times."

I continued looking back and forth between Jack and Pearl, but they were waiting for clarification, so I fluttered a hand. "Never mind. Probably a fluke."

Antonio snorted, then his lips quickly thinned.

Or not. Oh, my. I was sure my eyebrows were almost in my hairline.

Jack's eyes narrowed as he watched me.

Again. Oh, my. Now I understood what Jack had been saying this morning when helping me with my clothes. A quick glance at Pearl told me she had no clue yet. I swiftly averted my gaze to Ezra, who was staring at me with an arched eyebrow.

He murmured quietly, "I've seen the movie."

I pressed my lips together as his head cocked to check out the other two.

Jack flipped his hair out of his eye and stared Ezra straight on when their eyes met.

"Interesting," Ezra whispered.

"And shut up and butt the f**k out," Jack whispered, just as quietly, fully comprehending that his little secret was no longer secret.

Ezra and I both nodded once.

"Jack, grab West before he attacks Buttercup," Pearl blabbered quickly, her attention fully caught on West, who had snuck across the table and was lying on his belly with his head hanging over the side right in front of Pearl, staring avidly at Buttercup. He didn't really appear like he was going to attack, just staring, but Pearl didn't understand that they were 'friendly' yet.

And as I quickly snatched West up when Pearl started to squawk when he reached a paw out to Buttercup, Jack didn't understand either. Jack's jaw hung open in blatant shock as I set West next to Bonnie, who was staring across the table at Clyde, who was returning the favor. West bent and sniffed Bonnie, and she pulled her attention away from Clyde to sniff at him curiously.

Clyde didn't like this so much.

I don't think any of us anticipated the level of hostility Clyde had in him as he had behaved ever since Ezra had talked with him. West wasn't a small lion cub, but he was about an inch shorter than Clyde and had a little less muscle definition. You wouldn't think that would have been a big deal, but add in Clyde's instant fury, and it made for a bad situation for West.

Clyde gave a furious hiss and pounced straight on West, using his big paws and claws against the cub's chest to knock him onto his back, snarling and batting at him.

"Shit," Ezra muttered, jumping to his feet.

"Stop him!" Jack shouted, smacking the back of his hand against Ezra's chest. "West didn't do anything wrong." His chair fell over as he got to his feet.

"Now that's more like it," Elder Jacobs stated, watching as the cubs rolled and fought each other, not playfully at all.

"I got a hundred on Clyde," King Venclaire stated instantly to King Kincaid, who shook his head, not taking the bet.

"Clyde," Ezra yelled. "Stop that right now."

Clyde paused, glancing up at Ezra. He had a dab of blood on his nose from a nasty bite to West's ear. And that moment of distraction caused him to get raked across his face by West's claws. Demanded or not by his owner to behave, Clyde still growled at West, his ears lowering.

"West, stop!" Jack ordered harshly.

West's claws disappeared, but he bared his teeth at Clyde. Clyde huffed at him, but when no other attack came, his head began darting between Ezra and Bonnie, his huge paws pattering in place on the table. He appeared anxious, especially when he glanced away from them to West, then back to Bonnie, making a whimpering sound in his throat as he danced around.

"Oh, Jesus," Ezra muttered under his breath quietly, then more loudly, "Just behave."

Clyde's chest heaved as he hopped to Bonnie. He flat out threw himself on top of her, lying on her haphazardly and nuzzling his head against hers when she grunted. He kept this up until she quieted, lying her paw on top of his head, their noses together. When her eyes closed, Clyde's gaze left her face for a heartbeat to narrow at West before it found her face again, and closed peacefully.

"What in the world?" Pearl muttered in awe.

Ezra sat down slowly, reaching across the table to pet their now sleeping forms. "Our lions don't hate each other. Or us." He ran a finger over Bonnie's small head. "They're friends." He paused, then said quickly, "I think Clyde was afraid West was going to hurt her."

Um, yeah. I didn't need to scent the air to know that was a blatant lie.

That was Clyde jealous.

"Well, at least the male's..." King Nelson's jaw gently shut as West bounded forward and butted his head against Ezra's face.

Ezra froze, but all the cub did was nuzzle his head against Ezra's cheek twice before bouncing to me and rubbing his furry back under my chin where I had leaned over to pet Clyde and Bonnie, then bounce to Pearl and flop down in front of her, again staring at Buttercup.

Jack blinked. Blinked again. Then snatched West off the table, saying, "I'm going to take him to the bathroom to clean his ear off." I was pretty sure I had never seen him move so quickly without actually running.

Into the silence I cleared my throat. "Why didn't the current Kings get an animal as Prodigies?"

Cahal answered, "Because it means you four will be the Rulers before the war technically begins." His gaze traveled to King Venclaire as he raised a questioning eyebrow.

I swallowed hard. War wasn't that far off.

King Venclaire stood and glanced at King Fergus. "Should we wait for Jack to return?"

King Fergus nodded.

King Venclaire began pacing at the far end of the table, ignoring how Buttercup growled at his movement, as he waited for Jack to return.

A quick peek at Ezra didn't help, because his gaze was hooded and not on my face. He had rocked back onto two legs of his chair and was balancing effortlessly with his arms crossed as he stared covertly at my cle**age, my leaning position over the table giving him an excellent view. Too bad I hadn't planned it that way, but maybe I should have. Well, at least right now I had gotten the outfit right.

"Is that a new dress?" King Kincaid asked skeptically into the somewhat hush, as the Elders and Kings had begun talking quietly amongst themselves.

My gaze snapped to him. "Yep, you like?" It wasn't normal Shifter wear. He may not approve.

He eyed it. "Can you shift easily?"

Ah. The main concern. "Yes, it's more functional than my normal clothes." I pulled back the coat, showing my side. "It has a side zipper so I can remove it easily, and I'm not wearing anything under it." I shrugged. Easy shifting.

Thump.

King Kincaid had been in the process of nodding in approval, but everyone went quiet as their attention turned to the Vampire across from me.

Ezra had toppled back in his chair to the floor.

I couldn't see him because of the table, but from the ground I heard him mutter, "Fucking shit." He blurred, and he was on his feet, brushing off his clothes. He waved a negligent hand, not looking at anyone. "Just lost my balance. I'm fine." He sat his chair to rights.

"You sure, son?" his dad drawled lazily.

Ezra did glance at him. His gaze was blank. It would have been perfect if his cheeks weren't flushed. "Yes. I'm fine."

King Venclaire's lips twitched. "Perhaps you should sit in your seat correctly from now on."

Ezra grunted, his fingers tight on the back of his chair.

"So, what have we heard...," King Kincaid began asking, and I tuned him out.

'Cause Ezra was beginning to agitatedly remove his robe with movements that were just a touch too quick. I barely withheld my grin, watching him. I knew exactly what he was doing. The man had just fallen out of his chair at my words, and now he was trying to even the score, since he had embarrassed himself. It wasn't my fault that saying I was wearing no underwear had made his concentration falter.

But his body still had its normal impact on me. He wore a thermal white shirt, a pair of holey blue jeans that hugged his hips, and a belt with a black buckle. Simple, and quickly thrown together since he had been working that morning, the combination hugged his hard body to perfection, his mocha skin gleaming. Lord, have mercy.

And the f**ker went and turned around, sauntering to the bar to grab a drink. And the back half of his clothes molded just as perfectly as the front did. His back muscles moved under his white thermal like a cat's - the Vampire's Vizoac was a great representation - and his ass tightened with the movement, those long, defined legs hardening with each step.

Just. Not. Fair.

"Close your mouth," Pearl whispered down to Buttercup.

Knowing it was meant for me, I did so as I made myself turn away from the sight. A little out of sorts, I tentatively reached a hand over Buttercup's head. Pearl held her breath as Buttercup sniffed my hand then lifted and jumped into my lap, rubbing against me.

"Remarkable," Pearl murmured, sounding awed again and reaching out her own hand to Clyde and Bonnie. Gradually, she lowered it, petting them in soft strokes. Waking slightly, they both sniffed, their noses moving against each other's before they fell back asleep. "It's just remarkable."

"Yes, it is," Ezra said softly, moving between Antonio and myself to rest a hip against the table, only inches from me. He rested his coffee on the table and bent over me with a hand extended toward Buttercup. She sniffed it, and when she didn't bite him, Ezra's hand joined mine in petting her, repeatedly and deliberately brushing against mine. Buttercup ate up the attention as Ezra's fingers grazed under my wrist, making my pulse jump.

Our hands moved away from each other's as Buttercup hopped onto the table and sniffed at Bonnie and Clyde, circling them to lie at their heads, curling around them. I watched with amusement as Bonnie swatted Buttercup's wayward paw off Clyde's shoulder, almost lazily, before putting her paw back on Clyde's head, not seeming to mind Buttercup lying against her. Clyde made a grunting noise, but readjusted so Buttercup wasn't touching him anywhere else.

Pearl blinked, then snickered quietly. "Oh, that's precious."

Ezra grunted, his own body angled possessively next to mine.

"He's all cleaned up," Jack stated, all business, as he hurried into the room.

West was clean, his fur around his ear matted with water. Anyone with half a brain would know Jack could have done that from his chair using his magic, but the Kings and Elders weren't paying much attention as they continued their conversation. Jack set West on the table, who gazed up at him with pleading eyes. Jack considered the sleeping cubs, then nodded with approval. "As long as you behave."

West's nose crinkled, but he bounded over to the cubs and, not going anywhere near Bonnie, he curled up around Buttercup, resting his head on her flank and tossing a few paws over her and Clyde. They both grunted, but didn't move. In fact, Buttercup lifted her face and licked West's bum ear a few times before lowering her head. Then they were all adorably asleep.

"I wonder," Antonio whispered quietly, reaching out a hand.

Cahal's attention went to him. "What are you doing?"

"Testing a theory," Antonio answered calmly.

I watched in horrified fascination as Antonio's fingers inched closer to Bonnie.

Cahal reached across the table and grabbed his wrist, eyes flashing. "It won't work, and you know it." He shoved Antonio's wrist back at him. "Let them rest."

I blinked because Antonio rarely ever did anything without caution. "Maybe he's right." I paused. "Bonnie might not attack him."

Cahal turned heated eyes on me. "Not forgetting Jacobs, she also scratched King Kincaid."

That stopped me, even as Ezra re-positioned himself to cut off my view of his dad. I sat mute for a moment, then peeked around his hip to Cahal. "You're right." She probably would attack Antonio if she had attacked King Kincaid.

Cahal nodded once and gestured at the slumbering cubs, turning his glare on Antonio. "Just let them sleep while they can."

Antonio watched him with a cocky expression, giving him a blatant 'fuck you' glance, before turning his attention away. Though, he didn't reach out again to pet Bonnie, apparently thinking better of the idea.

Seriously, I had no clue how those four had managed to be Rulers together, every single one of them constantly bickering with each other. I perused all four of my besties and thanked God that I had the relationship I did with them. Pearl smiled at me as she petted the cubs, Jack also smirking as he petted them, and Ezra began doing the same. I place my hand next to theirs and joined in loving our affectionate cubs.

"Could you repeat that, please?" Jack asked for clarification.

Ezra stopped secretly massaging my feet under the table, where I had placed them on his lap, sitting across from me again. "You want us to do what?"

"Are you crazy?" I asked in disbelief.

"It is pure chaos out there for any Mys," Pearl expounded.

The Kings stared at us with stoic faces, none of them cracking.

King Venclaire continued his pacing, but stated - again - calmly, "You will each be traveling separately, with only one Elder of your choosing, to the new Prodigies. They need to be brought here for their safety."

We stared, the four of us not believing what we were hearing.

"It's the way it has always been done," Elder Jacobs clarified. "Be happy you'll have an Elder for company. They're only allowed during unfriendly times."

"The way things have always been done is archaic," I said heatedly, not wanting any of us out there, much less with only one Elder per 'retriever' against all the hostile Coms.

King Kincaid's expression cracked so he could glower. "You know not what you speak of. You are still too young and inexperienced to have an opinion on that." He growled at me. "So keep your f**king mouth shut before you embarrass yourself."

My wolf snarled at him, tired of his demands. Yes, the majority of the time he acted as more of a father figure, but there were plenty of other times he acted the righteous King. "Kiss my ass." My mouth snapped shut.

Not soon enough.

"Oh, Christ," Elder Merrick breathed.

Everyone in the room got a first-class view of what happens when two alphas lose it.

King Kincaid stood from his seat, leisurely taking his jacket off, then vaulted over the table at me, not backing down because I had pretty much challenged his authority - in front of a power group. I grunted as his massive shoulder hit me square in the chest. My chair toppled backward, taking us both to the ground as his fist swung at my face too fast. Jerking my head to the side, I managed to take the blow as it glanced off my cheekbone, instead of hitting me squarely on my nose. Fury ripped through me as I cried out, pain throbbing at my cheek.

"One of you stop him!" Pearl shouted. "He's going to hurt her."

I lifted my legs and thrust with all of my Shifter strength as another fist aimed at me. He flew straight up in the air, not touching me this time. He grunted as his back and head slammed into the ceiling, and I jumped to my feet, whirling and kicking out as he fell. My blow landed smack in his gut, and I watched as if in slow motion as he bent over my leg before the force tossed him through the air and across the room, slamming into the bar. The harmony echoing throughout the room was a combination of shared growls.

And the goddamn man stayed on his feet when he landed, charging at me again. I crouched and sprung at him, letting my nails shift to claws. He saw that and quickly did the same. We met somewhere in the middle of the room with fists and claws and legs being thrown, all our shots missing their marks as we each evaded the other.

"Goddamn it," Jack shouted. "You are the f**king Kings and Elders! Get in there and stop this! If he hits her, he could kill her!"

And he did hit me right then as I paused, distracted by Jack's words. I took a brutal blow to my ribs, feeling and hearing at least two crack as his foot connected. I choked in agony as he followed through, flinging me through the air. My right shoulder and head crashed against the rock wall, and my vision went to a black void of oblivion.

When I blinked my eyes open, I was lying on my stomach. I quickly re-positioned to my hands and knees at hearing footsteps pounding toward me, only to fall again as I screamed from the sharp stabbing in my ribs and shoulder, tears instantly flowing down my cheeks. But he didn't care, grabbing my throat and jerking me into the air with one hand. I grunted a high-pitched sound as my body straightened out, and I instantly grabbed his wrist to take some of the weight off my neck.

My back was slammed against the wall as he growled, "I said to shut your f**king mouth."

I gasped, pulling in as much air as I could, my cheeks wet. "And I said to kiss my ass." I swung as hard as I could on the side he held me, which had left him open. My blow was just shy of its true mark because my ribs screamed at me, but I did land the punch well enough to hear and feel some of his ribs break, too.

Just returning the favor, bitch.

King Kincaid stumbled back, shouting and releasing me so that I fell to the floor again, my own agony-induced cry ringing throughout the room.

Elder Merrick was suddenly between us. "That's enough." His eyes were glowing with the command in his tone. "You two may be damn animals, but act like the f**king Rulers you are."

I growled even as my head hit the floor, but unable to resist his command, being hurt as I was.

"Get over here and help her," Elder Merrick growled at someone, catching King Kincaid as he started to fall. "And keep her quiet."

King Venclaire was instantly next to me, kneeling beside my head. "How badly are you hurt?"

"Broken ribs and dislocated shoulder," I murmured, blinking up at the ceiling where I could see a crack in it. I jerked my head at it. "Did King Kincaid's body put that there?"

King Venclaire didn't even look. "Yes." His hands were roaming over my body before he peered away. "Get a medic in here fast before she heals like this."

I saw a flash of light, hearing King Kincaid yell, "Leave me the f**k alone!"

"Shut up!" Elder Merrick demanded, the mandate blatant. "Not another word."

I didn't hear one, but I did hear King Kincaid's wolf growl as another flash pulsed.

A Mage I didn't recognize was suddenly kneeling at my other side. As his hands hovered a few inches from my body, golden light spotlighting from his palms on me from head to toe, his eyebrows rose. "Someone did a number on you, Ms Ruckler."

I grunted, but the movement hurt. "Just fix me up." Everyone here knew my damn name.

He looked at King Venclaire. "The ribs have already healed. Give her peace while I do this."

King Venclaire nodded, his eyebrows furrowing as he touched his index finger to my forehead, serenity transfusing me. I sighed, glancing around and trying to ignore the popping sounds I could hear inside my body as the Mage worked. I could see Jack, Antonio, and Pearl standing by my head, their cubs at their feet, but I couldn't see Ezra anywhere. Slightly tilting my head to the side, I saw his cub in the doorway to the room battling to keep Bonnie back, which he seemed to be having a hell of a time with.

"Where's Ezra?" I asked, my lids drooping.

Jack and Pearl shrugged, their worried eyes traveling from me to scan the room, just now noticing he wasn't here.

"Where is he?" I whispered, getting sleepy, my lids closing completely.

I felt King Venclaire shift, and a second later, his mouth was next to my ear, and he breathed, "Elder Zeller forcibly removed him from the room. No one else saw because of their speed."

I blinked my eyes open. "Huh?"

"Ezra was," a pause, "upset when King Kincaid attacked you."

"Oh," I breathed. "That's sweet."

King Venclaire chuckled against my ear even as more pops sounded from my body. "I don't think King Kincaid would have found it very sweet."

"I took care of him," I grumbled more loudly.

Pearl stated, "And got your ass kicked in the meantime."

"No more than he did," I retorted lazily, grinning when I heard a growl nearby.

"I said to keep her quiet," Elder Merrick barked. A heavy grunt. "And we need the medic once he's done with her."

I chuckled, but whispered, "See? What did I tell you?"

Jack's expression was still worried, but he did glance at the ceiling and bar. "Remind me never to piss you off."

Pearl looked at the crack on the wall where I had hit. "Or King Kincaid."

The Mage's hands started to glow more, and I heard my shoulder pop loudly before he leaned down and whispered at my ear, "Your fallopian tubes?"

I stiffened just as King Venclaire did at my side, able to hear him, too. I was sure the Mage could sense I'd had them magically tied. And now King Venclaire knew something was up with them. I said through gritted teeth, "Don't fix them."

The Mage paused, but nodded before raising his hands to my head, not asking any more questions but instead beginning to fix whatever was injured with my skull. But that one question had been enough. I glanced at King Venclaire, and his eyes were on mine. Sighing, I whispered, "I don't want children right now." Truth.

King Venclaire stared hard. "King Kincaid was right about you being still too young and inexperienced about some issues to know what you're talking about."

I shifted my eyes away from him and kept my mouth shut.

"Okay, let's try this again," King Venclaire stated. "Without the added," his eyes met mine, "commentary this time."

My lips thinned, but I nodded.

We were sitting around the conference table again. Ezra had returned to the room and sat across from me with his boots on the table, his eyes lowered to Bonnie - as they had been the entire time since he reappeared - who had jumped into his lap and lain on her back, while he ran his fingers up and down her belly. Not to mention Clyde, who was glued to me, his paws heavy on my chest and his head on my shoulder. Anyone would think he was asleep, except that his tail kept twitching in distress.

I rubbed his back comfortingly and listened as King Venclaire outlined what we would be doing. Which would be to go on four separate missions to find the new, young Prodigies, while only being allowed to pick one Elder to go with us. A spell, almost like a compass, would lead us to them, the spell telling us when we had found the correct individual. Also, the picked Elders were not allowed to intervene once the journey began, only along for the ride, unless our lives were in danger...then they could start killing any Com they saw fit, in order to save us.

How sweet.

I raised my hand politely, and King Venclaire sighed in exasperation but gestured for me to speak. "No one ever did that for me." I paused, my eyes swinging to the still irritated King Kincaid. "I know the mate gets the power, but you still never did that."

King Kincaid's jaw clenched. "I did do it. You just didn't realize it. It's something that has to be done even if we know the truth plainly enough." He rubbed his chest, glancing away from me. "You were in bed asleep when the spell found you."

I blinked. "Oh." Nice to know he had snuck in on me when I was vulnerable, and I hadn't even noticed him. I glanced with irritation at King Venclaire. "That's all."

"How fortunate," he muttered before stating loudly, "You'll all be leaving as soon as you're crowned."

All four of us froze.

King Venclaire clapped once. "The other Kings and I need to begin helping the Elders with the war they believe inevitable. We have more contacts at our disposal, so it's time for the four of you to become the faces and names of our people."

I raised my hand again.

Elder Jacobs sighed, "Are you f**king kidding?"

"Obviously, she's not," Ezra hissed, his eyes still down. "So shut the hell up."

King Venclaire gazed at me with forced patience when Elder Jacobs glared at Ezra. "Yes, Lily?"

I cleared my throat. "Won't it worry our subjects to have," another clearing of my throat, "young and inexperienced Rulers when a war is approaching?"

King Kincaid smiled. It wasn't his nice fatherly one. "Everyone knows the Elders are who really rule when a war erupts." His smile turned satisfied. "You won't have only me to listen to. All the Kings' and Queens' actions are a majority of the time dictated by," a pause, "the Elders' decisions."

Perfect. I needed to find that damn history book. Again, I was thinking too much like a Com. Playing it smart for the first time since entering this conference room, I kept my mouth shut as King Venclaire walked to Ezra.

King Venclaire stared down at him until he eventually looked up. And now I saw why Ezra had kept his gaze down, hidden beneath his lashes. His eyes were slightly glowing and his furious expression was only barely masked. King Venclaire didn't seem surprised by it, and he held Ezra's gaze with unfeigned tolerance.

"There's no time for fanfare or parties. We need this done immediately and have the four of you back here as soon as possible so we can begin our duties as Elders." King Venclaire pulled the red and black ring off his finger. "Do you have your Prodigy ring with you?"

Ezra grunted and leaned on one hip as he dug into his pocket, holding Bonnie carefully with his other hand. "You told me to always keep it with me." He pulled a smaller version of the King's ring out of his pocket. "I listened."

"Good." King Venclaire nodded. "Place it on your finger."

Ezra slipped it onto his index finger.

"Ezra Zeller," King Venclaire took Ezra's hand, making Bonnie hiss, "I, the current King Vampire, hand over my right to the Vampire people and dub thee the new King Vampire." He slipped the King's ring onto Ezra's middle finger, and I blinked as it molded perfectly, and then fused, with the Prodigy ring, leaving only a little space between his fingers. As Ezra stared at his hand, holding Bonnie back with the other, King Venclaire smiled. "When the spell reaches the new Prodigy, the rings will separate again, and you will pass the Prodigy ring to the child or child's guardian." He rested his hand on Ezra's shoulder, grinning at him. "You, I know, will do amazing things."

Ezra cleared his throat, glancing at his dad, who had a small smile playing on his lips. Green eyes quickly darted to King Venclaire. "I pray I do as well as those before me."

King Venclaire patted his shoulder, hastily taking his hand away when Bonnie almost got free of Ezra's grasp. "You will."

King Fergus stood and did the same spiel for Jack, only their rings were multicolored with red, yellow, blue, green, and white. Together, they placed the King's ring and Prodigy ring in the same location. Index finger and the middle finger.

My eyebrows furrowed as King Nelson did the equivalent with Pearl with identical fingers, but golden rings. That was going to be an issue for me, and I would feel foolish for asking if I had to do the same. This was probably another deed I should already know. Nervously, I watched King Kincaid stride toward me. He seemed to be over his alpha's temper, walking fluidly, the Mage having done his healing magic on him.

As he neared, I removed the Prodigy ring from the chain around my throat where I had kept it as only a reminder of Dominic, and not because it was the Prodigy's ring. I stared at it, remembering it on Dominic's finger in that parking lot so long ago when I had watched him tap his thumb on my rear-view mirror as he confronted me. The gradually decreasing memories weren't any more welcomed than they had been previously, but as I glanced around at everyone else's fingers, I blinked and realized maybe that was the answer to my question.

King Kincaid stopped next to my chair, and ignoring the fact that it was an embarrassing question, I quickly asked, "Can I put the ring on whatever finger I want?" I paused, staring up into his startled dark eyes. "I need to be able to shoot my gun properly if I'm going out there beyond protection, and Dominic wore it on his thumb."

King Kincaid's eyes instantly softened, glistening a little, but he gazed down at me with pride. "Yes. Any finger you like. They just need to be next to each other."

I sighed in relief and stared down at the ring I had never slipped on before. It was still Dominic's size, and I was betting that once I put it on it would form to my finger. The last bit of him gone to me. My Core ached at the thought, so much so, I rubbed the center of my chest...but it wasn't as horrible as I thought it might be. My eyebrows puckered as I tried to work that one out in my mind.

It didn't take long.

Because it was simple.

Well, if simple meant...being in love with the, now, King Vampire.

My breathing hitched as full comprehension dawned at just how far I had fallen for him.

Sure, I loved him as a best friend...but now...I was in love with the man. I was in love with the private smile he graced only me with. I was in love with his demanding attitude. I was in love with the way he sometimes drooled while he slept. I was in love with the way he cared for Jack and Pearl. I was in love with every single one of his goddamn imperfections just as much as I was in love with everything perfect about him.

I was in love.

Just as I felt a debilitating dose of fear, which seemed to radiate in pounding pulses throughout my body, at the thought of him not wanting me as badly as I wanted him...I paused my thoughts...and a brief bloom of hope, which had made an appearance yesterday, broke throughout my body, causing me to physically shiver with instant warmth, almost like adrenaline pumping through my system.

The ache in my chest decreased, so much so, my hand dropped to my lap. I bit my lip to quiet my panting breaths, inhaling deeply through my nose and exhaling shakily through my lips. God, I hoped he felt some of these emotions for me. If he didn't, and he said no to a relationship...Christ, he would break my newly, fragilely mended heart. This was different without magic bringing two individuals together.

It was...my choice. Utterly and completely my choice. I had walked down this road without being led, at any time being able to turn away. Instead of magic throwing me at Ezra, my heart had followed him.

And I wanted him to be mine, since the damn man held my heart in his hands.

All. Fucking. Mine.

I was growling softly when I felt a hand shake my shoulder quickly. Clyde growled. The hand just as quickly disappeared. My head snapped up.

"What?" My wolf was riding my voice, both my wolf and I feeling astronomically possessive.

I wasn't sure who had shaken my shoulder, but Antonio leaned forward, his eyes close to mine, his expression worried. "Lil, are you alright? King Kincaid's been saying your name for a while now." He brushed hair out of my face, getting swiped by Clyde's claws but not even seeming to notice that he bled for a millisecond before he healed. "Are you feeling unwell?"

"Lily?" Ezra's voice came gently from the other side of the table.

Before I could say anything, Elder Jacobs cursed, asking, "She's not pregnant again, is she?"

And, like clockwork, everyone at the table froze.

Stared at me.

I could imagine what was going through their minds, since almost every individual in here knew about Ezra and me. Our sexual relations were the most widely known affair with these people, but somehow they still managed to be kept a secret. There was humor in Elder Jacobs' comment somewhere, but my wolf was riding me too hard to give that thought the proper time it deserved, wanting to pounce on Ezra and hold him down until he wanted me, too.

"Honey, are you pregnant again?" King Kincaid bent, staring me in the face. His eyes widened, horror overtaking his features. "Christ, we just fought." His gaze slammed to Antonio. "Get the f**king medic back in here."

Absurdly, a chuckle escaped, sounding growly because of my wolf. "I'm not pregnant." I fluttered my hand. "Only a little distracted." I peered around the table, evading Ezra's gaze. "Sorry, everyone."

And still, they stared.

Sighing heavily, I reiterated, "I. Am. Not. Pregnant."

King Kincaid eyed me. "No chance for pregnancy?" His nostrils flared.

Well, now, hell. Bindi had told me the procedure wasn't one hundred percent effective. It was better than a condom, but there was still that less than one percent chance. So, how to phrase it? I petted Clyde absently, thinking quickly. "The man I'm sleeping with didn't go bat shit crazy when he smelled me, and I was able to shift into my wolf today."

His eyebrows puckered. "I don't know how much you know about conception, honey, but sperm can live inside you for up to five days. You may have ovulated today and the egg fertilized after he scented you and your shift." Okay, my face was flaming by now, my wolf receding. "Have you had sex in the last five days?"

My lips pinched, not looking at anyone. "I'm not pregnant."

King Fergus stated, "Our women often become absent-minded when pregnant...and you most definitely were a moment ago. And you did just get into a fight. With you miscarrying recently, it's better to be safe than sorry." And he meant it kindly, too, by his tone. Damn him.

King Kincaid stated, "Just answer the question."

Rubbing my forehead, cheeks flaming brightly, I muttered, "Yes, I've had sex in the past five days."

King Kincaid murmured, "Truth." A pause. "Was it protected?"

Oh, for the love of God! Instantly, I thrust my finger across the table in Ezra's general direction, stating heatedly, "Just bite me and tell these people I'm not pregnant."

King Kincaid sighed. "Honey, you really should have your partner wear a condom."

The table was looking better and better to bang my head against. I waggled my pointed index finger and stole a quick glance at Ezra, who was sitting frozen, his heartbeat thumping so loudly in my ears I was surprised everyone in here couldn't hear it. "Come on, Ezra. I'm not pregnant and this is getting to be a bit much." I paused. "Or I can prove I'm not pregnant by stripping down right here and now to shift."

Ezra swallowed, then his boots fell heavily to the floor from the table. He nodded. "Alright, I'll do the blood test." Yeah, he didn't want me getting naked in front of Elder Merrick. Bending over the table, he used his free hand not holding Bonnie to hold my extended hand. He lowered his head, fangs descended, and his lips closed over my finger. His fang pierced my skin, and when he pulled I felt a wave of light comfort wash over me, my shoulders drooping and nerves relaxing with the gentle mind hold. As before, he grazed the tip of my finger with his tongue before pulling it from his mouth. And like before, he kept his head down as he swirled my blood in his mouth, slowly swallowing.

I heard the answer first in his heartbeat, which immediately slowed, before he sighed, shaking his head as he sat back in his chair. "She's not pregnant."

"Truth," Elder Merrick stated, sounding bewildered.

King Kincaid pointed a finger at me. "Condoms, Lily." His eyebrows rose. "Understand?"

I bit my lip because it was so damn hard not to bust up from the absurdity. "I understand."

He shook his head. "Say you will."

"I will." To what, wasn't said.

King Kincaid nodded. "Truth." I could have sworn I heard King Venclaire chuckle, a few heads even turning his way, but King Kincaid either chose to ignore him or didn't hear it. "Now, shall we get on with this?"

I nodded, and as best I could, I pushed aside my thoughts of Ezra. Rolling Dominic's ring around my fingers, I stared at it. Right along with all that new hope and fear inside me, I also felt peace as I examined it. Peace at moving on. Smiling softly, I lifted the ring to my lips, kissing it gently. This was it. I slipped the Prodigy ring onto my pinkie. It hung way too large on my finger for only two beats of my heart before I watched it mold to my finger.

Goodbye, Dominic.

King Kincaid made a soft sound in his throat before whispering, "You had never put it on before."

As I stared at the ring, the last of my mate gone to me but my Core amazingly peaceful, I realized that for a while it had been time for this. I was strong - had been for some time - the weight no longer so heavy that I couldn't take a step forward. Using my other index finger, I turned the ring so the wolf was facing up. My life stared me in the face.

I glanced up at King Kincaid, who was wiping away a tear he couldn't stop from falling, and I smiled. "Are you going to name me Queen now or are you going to hoard the ring because I broke your ribs earlier?" Yes, it was past the time.

He sniffed hard, trying to make it look like an act of irritation even though I was positive he just had the sniffles. He took my hand, making the action look rough even though it was gentle, and I barely caught Clyde before he launched at him.

"Hold on." I took my hand back, grabbed Clyde with both hands, and lifted him. "Ezra, can you take him?"

"Sure." Ezra's voice was deeper than normal as he reached across the table, nostrils flared. His fingers deliberately ran over my own as he lifted Clyde from me. Green eyes captured mine. "You've found your solace?"

My smile was genuine. "I have."

His head tilted as he placed Clyde next to Bonnie on his lap. "I've recently found risk comes next."

My smile only grew. "Bring it on." I knew what I wanted. I held the challenge - fuck yes, there was an ultimatum there - in his gaze for a moment longer before returning my attention to King Kincaid. Holding my hand up, grinning cheekily into his dark eyes, I stated, "Make me Queen."

He did as the - now - Queen's ring slid onto my ring finger.

I didn't miss the symbolic nature of the action.

Chapter Seventeen

"We need disguises," I stated as I hurried to pack my bag. The Kings, er, Elders, with their own new set of rings bestowed on them by the other Elders in the room, had given us only fifteen minutes to get our 'asses outside the cave's entrance'. That didn't leave a whole lot of time. I was throwing in a variety of clothes, unsure of where in the world I was going to have to go. Most importantly, I had strapped my gun to my thigh, which showed plainly since my dress was so short and I didn't have time to change.

"Disguises?" Jack huffed, zipping up his bag. "How the hell do we disguise the fact we're Mys?" West was lying on the bed next to Buttercup. Jack threw a hand in his direction. "And the fact that we have," finger quotes, "pet lions?"

I gauged Pearl, who was running around frantically. "Pearl, can you stand still for a sec?"

She shot me a poisonous glance, but stopped in her tracks. "What?"

"We don't have time to dye our hair, so can you make us all," I paused, peering around at the four of us, trying to gauge the best color, "brunettes, like Coms? And make our cubs appear like," I bit my lip, "poodles?"

She stared at me for a long moment before beginning to whisper, her eyes glowing. She snapped her finger at the cubs, which quickly appeared as poodles, still with their own coloring, and with another snap of her fingers we all had boring brown hair.

I smiled. "Perfect."

Jack picked up a piece of his hair and stared at it with disdain. "This is disgusting."

"If anyone saw you with your blue hair, they would shoot you instantly," I reminded him, going back to throwing items into my duffle. "And everyone try not to look so damn hot. Your good looks give you away." A thought, and a glance at Pearl. "Can you manage some really ugly glasses?"

Another snap of her fingers and she had four pairs of horn-rimmed spectacles in her hand.

"Ugh, those are horrible," I said with a smile, grabbing the feminine white ones. "They're perfect. I wore glasses like these in the Com schools." I put them on. "How do I look?"

"Like a sexy woman trying to look ugly," Ezra muttered, waving a hand at my dress. "You're seriously not wearing that outside the cave, are you? Every Com male is going to take notice and try to jump you." His eyes flashed, his muscles bulging as he stuffed clothes into his duffle.

"Look who's talking," I mumbled, placing my hands on my hips, my gaze roaming up and down his frame. Yeah, every damn Com or Mys woman alive would f**k him in a heartbeat.

He picked at his thermal shirt with irritation. "This is not," a flicked finger at my dress, "that."

Jack snickered, tossing his bag over his shoulder. "We gotta go." He took the pair of black glasses, putting them on before picking up West. "Our fifteen minutes are almost up."

Ezra grabbed the pair of silver glasses, clearly aggravated. "We'll meet you outside."

Pearl put on her green glasses, transforming her into an Amazonian library goddess with her brown hair. "Uh-huh. You two don't have-"

Ezra cut her off, growling, "I said, we'll meet you outside."

Pearl muttered a curse as Jack hustled her and Buttercup out of our bedroom, who barely gave her a chance to grab her own bag.

Ezra was suddenly in front of me, lifting my chin gently. "Are you sure you want this?" His eyes darted back and forth between mine. "I've had a few weeks to think this through. You only decided yesterday you wanted it. Maybe you need more time?"

Staring hard at his chin, because I knew I wouldn't be able to tell him otherwise, my heart pounded erratically, but I went for it. "Ezra, I'm in love with you. I know I want to be with you." I placed a trembling hand on his chest. "I want you to be mine. And I want to be yours."

I didn't hear anything for a moment...and then, I felt dizzy when I did. Ezra's heartbeat jumped, and then took off in a wild frenzy. His grip tightened on my chin, and he shook it a smidge. "Look at me, sweetheart." I did. And met intense green. "You're in love with me?"

My chin quivered, my heart flew. I felt weak in the knees. "I'm very much in love with you."

His voice was guttural. "Promise?"

I nodded, lifted my hands to cup his cheeks and pull his face down closer to mine. "I promise."

His jaw clenched. "I first knew I was in love with you that night in the storage closet." He paused, his eyes holding mine. There was an almost vulnerable cast to them that he couldn't quite hide. "I've been waiting for you to catch up with me, but the whole while I was still afraid of the risks that come with a relationship without magic." He paused. "I still am afraid of the risks."

And yeah, like a girl, my eyes were a little watery and a few tears spilled, my heart soaring higher than the clouds. It was a good thing I had stored that bottle of wine in my closet and we didn't drink it. I was definitely going to cherish the damn thing as a keepsake. "You're in love with me, huh?"

He nodded once, his face fierce even though his eyes were still showing that vulnerable cast.

"I think I know what comes after risk," I murmured softly as he brushed the tears off my cheeks. Going on tiptoe, I kissed his thinned lips until they softened slightly. "Do you want to know what it is?"

Again, he nodded once, rigidly.

Biting his bottom lip softly, I whispered, "It's trust, Ezra. Trust that the person you love won't hurt you with unkindness and disrespect. Trust that the person won't crush your heart with infidelity. Trust that, in the end, your partner will love you just as much as you love them, because there will be problems in life that threaten to tear you apart. It's simply trust."

Ezra gently pulled me closer, our bodies flush against one another, and his arm wrapped around my waist as he gripped a handful of my hair with his hand, keeping my head tilted back. "Trust is amazingly slippery to capture." His forehead fell against mine, his eyes almost glowing they shone so bright. "But who better to have trust and respect for than someone you already love, someone who you would never want to hurt and who wouldn't want to hurt you." His nose brushed mine. "A best friend."

My grin just wouldn't die. "Exactly."

Ezra's chest expanded heavily, and he nodded, our foreheads rubbing. "We can do this."

"Hell yes, we can." I laughed, pulling his lips against mine. "Now, kiss me."

He chuckled, his lips curling against mine and rumbling, "Say please."

I gently nipped his bottom lip, and then added, "Please?"

His Vampire growled.

My snicker deepened as I nipped his lip again. "Please...baby?" His Vampire was awfully picky.

That was what it took for him to press harder against my lips, his mouth demanding open-mouthed attention. My own hands went to his hair, not caring if I mussed it, grabbing handfuls and holding him just as close as he was me. His scent enveloped my senses, spiced and heated, his taste just as delicious as our tongues gliding against each other's.

Clinging to him, pulling him harder against me, my wolf and I were in complete agreement, growling possessively, "Mine."

Ezra's mouth curled against my own as he tilted his head the other way. "Yes, I'm yours." His lips stroked mine in clear ownership, just as I heard his Vampire growl deeply. "And you're mine."

I whimpered, nodding, as I began literally climbing up his body to wrap my legs around his waist. "Yes, baby...I'm all yours." God, he felt so damn wonderful. And he was all mine.

A profound groan vibrated his chest as his mouth's caresses changed, both of us starving for one another...and his cell phone rang. We didn't hear it at first, but eventually I mumbled, "Phone, Ezra." That was about all the attention I was going to give the annoying thing right now when I had a hungry Vampire starting to unzip my dress, his mouth sucking hard at my neck. "Fuck, baby." Suddenly, my back hit the mattress and my dress was lowered around my waist, Ezra's warmth over me. A soft cry left my lips as his blunt teeth latched onto my nipple.

He growled softly, his hands palming my sensitive swelling br**sts as I arched for him. And his damn cell phone rang again. A sound of irritation emanated from his throat, and one hand left my breast. He pulled his cell out of his pocket, flipped it open, and growled, "I'm busy." He snapped it shut, throwing it on the bed next to us.

Dilated, green eyes stared down at me, and he purred, "I love this outfit, sweetheart." I moaned as his hands slid up my thighs, raking the short skirt up over my hips so it bunched in the middle and bared me completely to him, wrapped only in my red fur coat and with my gun strapped on my thigh. His lids drooped even as he began undoing his belt. "I don't have enough time to show you just how much I truly appreciate this f**king outfit." His panting was enough for me as he stared. His eyes flittered to mine, then darted back down as I blatantly spread my legs for him. His breathing hitched, hands hastily undoing his pants. "Christ, sweetheart."

My core was aching for him, and I tilted my hips up, moaning, "Baby...hurry."

"God, yes," he moaned, and his hands blurred, finishing undoing his pants.

His phone rang again, but we ignored it as I yanked him down on me. He was right. We didn't have a lot of time. Really, we had no time...but we were carving out a little slice for this. Quickie or no, I was going to have him in me.

Grabbing his cock, I placed him at my core's entrance. "Now...please...now, Ezra."

His tongue slid over my lips. "Hush." Hot hands gripped my hips. "I've got you, sweetheart."

And he thrust.

Crying out against his mouth, I hurriedly finished pushing his pants down his hips so I could grab his ass, skin on skin, digging my nails in. Over me, Ezra's nostrils were flared, his jaw clenching, face fierce in pleasured desire. Both of our predators began growling, the sounds of utter possessiveness, as he thrust twice more, filling me completely. Perfectly. Our bodies were as if they were made for one another.

"Mine," man and Vampire demanded, punctuating his claim by driving his hips against me.

My body shook under him, wolf riding my voice hard. "Yours." But I gripped his ass hard, thrusting up my hips just as fiercely as he was dominating me. "Mine." He was f**king mine.

His Vampire purred, the sound loud and intimate, and green eyes met mine, full of desire and possessiveness. "Fucking yours, sweetheart. All yours."

A soft sigh escaped - I loved hearing him say it - but it was quickly overtaken a moment later when I screamed his name in pleasure as he began driving his c**k into my slick channel, the rhythm severe.

Pleasure.

Control.

Completion.

Bent upon those three things, our shouts and groans echoed around us as we rolled, and I lifted over him, riding him hard. He cried out, his grip on my hips bruising as he lifted his hips, slamming his c**k up into me, giving no quarter even when I was setting the tempo. Muscles beginning to tremble with the fire raging inside me, I arched, grinding against him as my head tipped back in pleasure. I heard him groan, his body shuddering under me as I rocked my hips back and forth, keeping him snug inside while my channel gripped him tight, and my whole frame froze as the flames exploded inside me, the climax exhilarating.

Even as my mouth flew open, his name on my lips, Ezra flipped us and started pounding into me. Able only to hang on and enjoy the ride, I limply grabbed his forearms while he gripped both of my legs under the knees, pressing them up and out, opening me for his onslaught of frantic thrusts. Mind rolling in ecstasy, my body quaking, I stared up at him, breathing, "Ezra..."

He grunted, groaning in reply, meeting my gaze as he stilled above me, his breathing hitching. Joltingly, he hammered into me once more, my body bowing he filled me so deeply, and throatily he growled, "Sweetheart." His frame jerked over me, trembling, as his c**k jumped inside me, hot cum pulsing deeply. His growl continued to rumble inside his chest as he quivered, staring down at me, his expression of pained joy. Bit by bit, he lowered, staring me in the eyes the entire way, until his face hovered directly over mine.

Softly, he bit my bottom lip.

I was f**king his.

Gently, I lifted a shaky hand, placing it against his throat.

And he was f**king mine.

"Hurry up," I mumbled, quickly stepping out of the shower. I stopped and smacked his ass...'cause I wanted to. "We're already late." From the caller ID on his cell, it had been his dad calling consistently. But we hadn't been able to go back outside smelling as we had, both of us reeking of sex and each other. So a quick shower had been needed for us both, but Ezra hadn't jumped in immediately and was taking longer than me.

A blurred hand reached out from the shower, smacking my ass right back. "I'll be out in a minute." He peeked around the corner of the shower, grinning like an imp. "I set an outfit for you on the bed." His grin only grew. "I used the mirror."

My eyes narrowed even though I was smiling. Swiftly wrapping a towel around myself, I scurried out of the bathroom. The jeans I had shown to Jack this morning were on the bed along with a soft white t-shirt. The shirt was new. Picking it up, I read the writing on it.

The front read across the br**sts: Look and Die.

The back read: Property of Zeller.

I chuckled, tossing it on the bed, and lifted his thermal he had thrown on the ground. I quickly used the mirror, making my own shirt for him, two hoodies - one in my size and one in his - and a black knit hat for him since he wouldn't have time to spike his hair. I swear the man took longer than me getting ready. He hadn't put any socks or underwear out so I pulled some out of my dresser - my animated frog set and my bright rainbow knee-high socks that formed around each of my toes - which I loved.

I barely got them on before a pounding came at my door. Sighing in exasperation, knowing we were seriously late, I threw the towel around me - not forgetting this time I only had undies and socks on - and hustled to the door, fully expecting it to be Elder - it was weird thinking of him that way - Kincaid. But throwing open the door, keeping my hand firmly on the door handle, I froze...a little nervous laugh escaping.

It wasn't Elder Kincaid.

It was Antonio.

With Cahal directly next to him.

As Cahal surveyed my person with a raised eyebrow - dripping hair, towel, and multicolored toe socks - Antonio scowled, glancing at his watch and stating, "You were supposed to be outside a half-hour ago."

Clearing my throat, I ignored how Cahal's eyes began darting all around the 'spelled room' he could see. "Well, you know...um...fifteen minutes was a little ridiculous."

"Pearl and Jack made it outside on time," he groused, finally taking in my half ready state of dress before searching the room with his own gaze, able to see what was actually there. Luckily, neither mentioned the little singing frogs on my bra straps. He tilted his head at Cahal. "He's looking for Ezra. Any clue where he's at?"

Ah, Cahal knew we shared a room now. "Nope. No clue." One day I was going to burn in hell.

And...from the sound of it...Ezra chose that exact moment to exit the bathroom around the corner. My lips pinched as I heard the door bang open, and I heard him say, sounding playful, "Sweetheart...what did you think of the shirt?" Antonio's eyes flew to me, and a second later when he couldn't see me, I heard Ezra shout, sounding damn frantic, "Lily?"

Not even a breath later, Antonio's eyes flew over my head, and I knew Ezra was in view. I swiftly started to shut the door, saying, "I'll be out shortly-" My voice and the damn door stopped abruptly as Cahal slammed a hand against it.

He blurred, shoving it back open...and taking a step into the room.

Even though I was pushed back, instinct had me grabbing his arm when the whirlwind took him for a ride and made him stumble. His eyes flew wide, startled, as he glanced all about, quickly scanning everything he could see, then, when he more than likely saw no threats, his gaze instantly turned to my hand on him. Laughing nervously, I quickly released him. Patted his arm a few times. "That first step's a doozy."

He stared at me.

Well, alright then.

I turned to Antonio, holding the door open. "Might as well come on in." My voice was only slightly odd.

Antonio sighed heavily, stepping inside without any balancing issues and shutting the door.

I waved at the couch, ignoring the fact they could see a rumpled-as-hell bed, me in my half-dressed stage and, from the corner of my eye, Ezra still dripping wet with only a towel around his waist. "Why don't you two have a seat while we finish getting ready." It wasn't really a question, but I nodded as if they had agreed and turned, walking toward Ezra and where our clothes were lying on the bed. "We'll be quick." And yes, I was booking it away from them.

Ezra's face was blank as he surveyed them over my head. "We won't take long." He waited until I was past him before he turned and walked directly behind me, leaning over me as we grabbed our clothes from the bed. I peeked around the corner as Ezra grabbed socks and underwear from his dresser, and saw, amazingly, that Cahal and Antonio had sat down on the brown love seat and black couch. Antonio was rubbing one of his temples, while Cahal slowly scrutinized every aspect of the room he could see. If he stayed there the only aspects of Pearl and Jack he would notice would be the beanbag and chair, which weren't damning, only a debatably bad fashion choice.

Ezra and I practically raced each other inside the bathroom, fumbling and jumping at times, to get dressed. Hair still wet, I quickly pulled it back into low pigtails on the back of my head. Smiling anxiously, I put my white horn-rimmed glasses on. "Thank you for the shirt." I actually liked it.

Ezra's chest heaved and he ran a hand over his face as he glanced at the closed door. "You're welcome." He quickly bent, giving me a swift peck. "I'm sorry, sweetheart." He shook his head, throwing on his shirt, which he hadn't really glanced at. "My dad can be an ass."

Oh, no problem. Cahal had just barged into our sanctuary. Without an invite. "All dads can be an ass. Antonio sure as hell isn't perfect." I gave him a quick peck in return, and then grabbed my boots. "We better get back out there."

He nodded, pulling the black knit cap over his head, an inch of his brown hair sticking out beneath the edges. Added his silver glasses. I couldn't help but stare. My God. He still looked like a cover model. "You're f**king gorgeous." I just kind of blurted it out.

His slow smile was genuine, his green eyes sparkling behind his glasses. "You think so?" He tugged one of my pigtails. "Because you see," he bent, his teeth beginning to nibble at my bottom lip as he tugged me closer, rumbling deeply, "I happen to think you're perfect." A harder kiss. "Hot." Another nibble. "Sexy." A gentle caress. "Cute." Hands cupped my cheeks. "Beautiful." Lips hovered over mine, making me pant. "All rolled into one perfect woman." He grinned naughtily. "My woman." Softly, his mouth landed on mine, our tongues meeting gently.

An indulgent moan escaped happily as I ran my hands up his chest and around his neck.

And we both froze, hearing Cahal shout from behind the closed door, "That is not quick, son!" A curse. "This is all your damn fault!" I was pretty sure that comment wasn't aimed at us. "And don't even tell me this room wasn't your doing." Nope, not us.

Still clinging to Ezra, I whispered, "Maybe we should give them a few minutes."

"Oh, no!" Cahal shouted. "Get your asses out here. You've obviously already had your fun."

My lips pinched, scowling, even as I blushed. "His hearing's excellent."

"Unlike your timing since you were both supposed to be on the damn beach forty minutes ago," Cahal hollered. "Don't make me come back there and get you two."

Ezra sighed, bumping his forehead against mine. "At least yours isn't treating you like a child."

True, but I didn't say that, instead exiting the bathroom with Ezra hovering closely by my side. Grabbing my bag, hoodie, and Bonnie - still appearing like a poodle - I warily walked toward Cahal and Antonio. They both blinked, staring at Ezra...or, more precisely, his shirt.

Ezra's eyebrows came together. "What?"

Antonio's lips trembled even as Cahal sighed in exasperation, dropping his forehead into his hands. Antonio's eyes darted to me. "Mirror?" Biting my lip, I nodded, then he glanced at Ezra, pointing vaguely at his shirt. "You may want to put something over that."

Ezra blinked, then dropped his head to stare at the shirt. His head cocked. Guess he was just now noticing it. He turned and headed back to the mirror. That's when Antonio busted up, seeing the back of it.

It was a black long-sleeved thermal with a silver cartoon etching of a Vampire on the front smoking a cigarette, grinning around it. The Vamp looked just like Ezra. At the top were silver letters that said, 'YUMMY'. Around the Vamp's foot was a huge shackle with a chain, which hooked around the side to the back...where a cartoon red wolf held the chain in its mouth, teeth bared at anyone looking. Above the wolf's head, red lettering said, 'MINE'.

Ezra paused at Antonio's deep chuckle, even as Cahal peeked up - only to drop his head back in his hands after seeing the back of the shirt, muttering under his breath. Ezra raised an eyebrow at me, but I fluttered a hand at him, saying, "Go take a look. You've got the hoodie to put over it." When he only stared, I said, "It's cute. Don't you dare change out of it." And yeah, my wolf rode my voice a little. "Now, go look." And I ignored how I had a hand on one hip, boots dangling from my fingers, and tapped a foot as my mother used to do when she was agitated with Antonio.

Ezra's lips twitched as he watched me. Wisely, he said nothing else as he turned back around to finish making his way to the mirror. I took a few steps backward so I could follow him with my eyes and make sure he didn't take it off. And I got to see his reaction. He stared, head cocked and lips twitching, then slowly turned, peering over his shoulder to see the back. He grinned.

Nodding once, satisfied he wasn't going to discard it, I quickly moved back out of his line of sight. "I think we're about ready." I stopped in my tracks when Cahal held up a hand, pointed at my shirt, then made a twirling motion. I cleared my throat. "I've got a hoodie, too."

Again, he twirled the finger. "Now, please."

Lips pinched, I turned, letting them read, Property of Zeller.

There was silence behind me, and then Antonio stated studiously, "Lily's was more creative."

Cahal snorted. Dry words. "Of course, you would think that." A pause as he cursed. "She's dressed my son, the King Vampire, in damn cartoon characters to make her point!" Another pause as Ezra came back into view. "And he's f**king wearing it!"

"Yes, I am," Ezra murmured, a smile playing at his lips. He stopped next to me, and I stilled as he bent, kissing my mouth softly - right in front of Antonio and Cahal. His lips curved as he leaned back a smidge, staring into my startled eyes. "I knew you'd end up getting me something with cartoon characters on it if I let you pick out my clothes." Again, he brushed his lips against mine. Just the sweetest touch of heat. "It's perfect. Thank you."

Breath escaped me in shock and desire, and I barely managed to whisper, "You're welcome." My eyes held his gleaming gaze. And that quickly, love and happiness overrode any emotion as we both started grinning. We were together, like, together-together. In love. And goddamn, if I wasn't as happy as a clam right now.

"Jesus Christ," Antonio muttered quietly off to my right, and then more loudly, "You two are going to have to cut that shit out before you get caught."

We both turned to them, trying to regulate our faces.

Cahal began taking up Antonio's action, rubbing his temples. "Jesus, this is going to be a trial." He glared at Antonio. "How long have you known this was going to happen?"

Antonio only shrugged, then turned all business. "Which Elder are you taking?"

My head cocked. "Taking?"

His eyes crossed. A heavy sigh. "To find your Prodigy."

"Oh," I said, chipper, sitting on the golden chair and placing my arm fully on the floor, Ezra following suit, sitting next to his dad. Clyde and Bonnie instantly moved back together, lying between us, and snuggled around each other as we put our boots on. "I'm choosing you."

He nodded, smiling, appearing damn pleased. "I thought you might pick Elder Kincaid."

I rolled my eyes, ignoring how Cahal was glaring at my cute socks before I could cover them with my boots. "You knew I would pick you."

"Actually, I didn't." A pause. "But I had hoped." Yeah, he looked a little smug.

Ezra elbowed his dad, lacing up his boots. "I'm picking you."

Blunt words, no fanfare. "I know." He wasn't overconfident or anything. "And we were talking with you two. That's why you're so late." Ezra nodded, pulling his hoodie on and zipping it until only the words YUMMY were visible. Cahal glanced back and forth between us. "And try to not look at each other. You two aren't hiding shit right now." A direct, gruff order.

My gaze turned predatory as I scrutinized Ezra and his dad. They were too recognizable even if Cahal had put on jeans and layered t-shirts instead of his robe or his suits he usually wore. A quick glance at Antonio. "Can you change Elder Zeller's hair color to the same as Ezra's? And maybe make their facial hair grow?" It would hide their features somewhat. Cahal and Ezra both blinked at me in surprise. "You know your pictures have been flashed all over the news." Any previous Rulers were of high interest in any country right now.

Ezra shrugged his assent, but Cahal glared at Antonio, only finally agreeing when Ezra nudged him. Cahal's hair was suddenly a boring brown, and both of them jerked and started moving their jaws, their noses scrunching, as their beards started growing.

I waved a hand at Antonio. "Do it slowly. I'll tell you when to stop."

Black whiskers shadowed each of their jaws, and I noticed Antonio did an excellent job of keeping them trim and lined fashionably. Head cocked, I watched Ezra's closely, knowing Cahal's needed to be longer since his group was at the top of the watch list, thanks to their history in the war. I waved a hand when Ezra's was just past a quarter of an inch long. "Ezra's is done." Staring at Cahal, I waited until his was a half-inch. "Elder Zeller's is good."

And then I sat back and stared at Ezra. The beard was sharp and angled in jagged lines, highlighting his jaw and cheekbones even further. The silver glasses didn't hide his rugged beauty, only enhanced it with a splash of color. I blinked. "I didn't think it was possible."

Ezra rubbed his chin, feeling the beard like his dad was doing with his own. "What wasn't possible?"

I glanced at Antonio, who was fingering his own hair, and stared at it while he put it through a variety of different shades, trying to pick which one he liked best. "Antonio, you've outdone yourself." He grunted, his eyebrows puckering as he altered his hair colour between dark brown and sandy blond.

My eyes went back to Ezra, again shocked at the difference the beard made. Ezra raised a questioning eyebrow, so I waved a flittering hand, mumbling, "It's, like, you...but, not you. A whole different version of hotness." Rugged-geek-badass, if there was such a thing. His shirt's words pretty much summed it up. Yummy.

Antonio jumped up, moving farther into our room, back to where our bed was and where the room veered to the right - out of sight - mumbling, "I'll be back in a minute."

Ezra grinned, drawling, "You like?" He rested back, laying his arms on the back of the couch.

I managed a nod, but quickly cleared my throat, rolling my eyes. Wouldn't want to pant too much. "You look good."

The cocky bastard's grin only increased.

"How do I look?" Cahal asked, which surprised me, still fingering his beard.

I blinked at him, seeing he was seriously asking me. Mentally shaking myself past the astonishment, I cocked my head, trying to evaluate him beyond the fact he was Elder Zeller, Ezra's dad. He held my gaze unflinchingly just like his son always did. I was shocked when I peered past who he was, seeing him for...himself. "Handsome. You look handsome. The beard suits you." And he smiled. A real one. Flashing those white teeth at me. Uh. "Very handsome."

He preened almost as his son might have at the compliment. "I may have to keep the beard."

Ezra chuckled quietly.

I pointed at Cahal. "You won't pass as being old enough for his father in the Com world. But you look too much alike, so you'll have to say you're an older brother if anyone asks." He nodded in agreement, and then my slightly bewildered gaze returned to Ezra. I didn't know how to handle his dad. He was scary as shit, but there were moments like this when he seemed almost...normal.

"Okay, how do I look?" Antonio asked behind me.

I turned, and physically jerked in shock. He must have used our mirror because he had changed his clothes, going from a dress shirt and suit pants to dark faded jeans, a thick black belt with a large silver buckle, a soft, thin, fitted silver long-sleeved shirt, and black boots, but really, even though I had never seen him dress quite like this, it was his face that stunned me. His skin was still bronze, which meant he could be taken as someone with an Asian background, but his hair was now brown with blond highlights, and only two inches long, messily spiked on the top of his head and showing his facial features in handsome relief.

"Wow," I muttered, whistling brazenly. "You look great."

He smiled, running a hand through his hair and then placing them in his pockets. The action, and this also surprised me, appeared bashful. "You sure? I haven't had short hair before." He rocked back on his heels, watching me eagerly for my answer.

Ah, he was a little vain.

My grin grew. "Don't worry, you look amazing. The Mages will be falling all over themselves."

And...he flushed.

I blinked. "Are you blushing?" I couldn't help but chuckle when his blush grew rosier. "Seriously, Antonio? Are you worried what someone might think?"

"No," he stated instantly, picking up my bag.

Lie.

My eyes grew large. "Who?" I yelped when he grabbed my ear, hauling me to my feet. "Okay, okay. I'm sorry!" Lie. "I won't ask again." Also a lie.

"Let's go," he muttered, literally kicking me in the butt toward the door, then dancing away when Bonnie took notice at me being manhandled. "We're late."

My lips pinched, and I couldn't help but ask, "Is it that 'talented partner' you were with when you were late for that meeting?"

"What talented partner?" Ezra asked, watching avidly from the couch. "I think I missed that."

Antonio's lips twitched the barest bit. "Lil, just get your ass out the door."

"Oh," I hummed, eyebrows waggling as I put my hoodie on. "I'm right, aren't I?"

Antonio sighed heavily, and then griped to Cahal, "Get your son up. We need to go."

Cahal had been peering back into the depths of our room, but turned narrowed eyes on Antonio, snapping, "Don't order me." But he did stand and motioned for Ezra to get up. "We need to get outside instead of fooling around in here. The next Prodigies are more important than figuring out who Antonio's currently f**king."

"Precisely," Antonio grumbled, shooing me out the door. He pointed at me. "My sex life is not up for discussion."

That was too big of an opportunity. My eyebrows rose as I crossed my arms, rocking back and forth on my feet. "Then...," I leaned forward as Ezra and Cahal exited the room behind us, Bonnie and Clyde scurrying out with them, "neither is mine." I punctuated it by tapping his nose lightly, and added a curt nod when his eyes narrowed. "Fair is fair."

He growled, "You are..."

"Sweet? Innocent? Adorable? Brilliant? Fantastic? Funn-"

He slapped a hand over my mouth. "All of those things," he groused. "But definitely more infuriating the older you become."

I grinned behind his hand. "Ah, I love you, too."

"Your door?" Cahal ignored us, speaking with Ezra. He pointed at Ezra's door next to mine. "Where does it lead?"

"Same place," Ezra stated, wrapping an arm around my waist and pulling me away from Antonio so that I was flush against his chest. "It's also spelled to take us to our room."

Cahal eyed us before turning a glare on Antonio. "You and I are going to have words."

Antonio's smile was only teeth. "No, we're not, and you know it." He gestured to Ezra and me without turning his gaze away from Cahal. "You can see it as well as I can. They're damn cute and endearing together." It didn't sound like a compliment.

Cahal growled a little, also not looking in our direction.

Well, that was enough of that. "Prodigies...remember?"

They both grunted, but eventually did stop their staring contest.

Chapter Eighteen

Fun time was over.

We didn't talk as we wound our way through the tunnels, Ezra and I both trying to come to grips with what we were about to do even as we dealt with our ecstatic emotions for each other, while Clyde and Bonnie walked close together without touching, as we had originally instructed them, in front of us, uncannily going the way we needed to. People passed us staring oddly at us for a moment since our appearances were altered, but after a glance at the cubs then back to us, their eyes widened and they silently made room.

Minutes later, Ezra and I snuck a glance at each other before exiting the cave. Only love and fear for each other shone in our eyes, so it was a good thing we were taking to heart Cahal's advice about not looking at each other, since we were having serious issues hiding our emotions right now.

Nostrils flared, and hovering a smidge closer so I could feel his body heat, Ezra whispered, "Be careful out there."

My gaze flying over his face, I nodded jerkily. "I know how to handle Coms." My eyes held his steadily. "Make sure you don't try any rash barbaric shit out there." Many emotions warred inside me as I watched his lips lift into a soft, loving - and slightly amused - smile at my demand, but my fear for him...God, the fear I felt knowing he would be out there in the chaotic, vengeful shithole the world had become was riding me the hardest, making my hands tremble.

"Seriously, Ezra. No funny business." Dear Lord, I had tears welling in my eyes. How far I had fallen. Firmly sniffing back that show of girliness, I whispered, "I'd like for you to come back alive and in one piece, you know?"

I heard Cahal and Antonio both sigh in annoyance/exasperation, but they both took a few steps away, turning their backs to us and giving us privacy, and also conveniently blocking anyone outside from seeing our goodbye.

The barest whisper. "Hush." Ezra gently cupped my face with one hand, and I leaned into the warmth. "I won't do anything too awful." His thumb softly caressed back and forth over my lips in a pseudo kiss, even as I growled softly at his comment. He bent, leveling his face with mine. "This is our first time apart in a year." His chuckle was more of a grunt. "I've got to say, I'm not liking it too much already."

I agreed one hundred percent. "Just be careful, Ezra. Because if you don't come back, I'll find a spell to follow you to the afterlife so I can kick your ass." There. That was more like me.

Even though his eyes expressed how worried he was, he grinned, his teeth gleaming white against the darkness of his beard. "You could try to kick my ass." When I snorted, he roughly placed his forehead against mine, barely breathing, "Come back to me, alright?"

I nodded, our foreheads rubbing. "Always."

His lips brushed mine. The gentlest of strokes. "Always."

Little by little, as if we were unbreakably connected, we stepped back from each other.

My gaze never left his. "It's time."

He nodded once, readjusting his duffle over his shoulder, and said firmly, "It's time."

Out on the sand Elder Kincaid met me, pulling me aside. "I got you a parting gift." He held out a narrow black case.

Antonio and his group were near the entrance of the cave. Ezra was standing with Elder Venclaire, just as Pearl and Jack were each standing with Elder Fergus and Elder Nelson, separately, a few feet away, but they were all watching as I opened my gift. As I lifted the lid, the gleam of shiny metal glinted off the sun into my eyes. I squinted as I smiled, pulling out one of the two short swords inside.

"A Cizano," I murmured, happy that I knew the proper term. I had actually paid attention in my combat classes at King Hall. It was a Shifter short sword, made with metal and bits of silver, magically enchanted to withstand the use of my Shifter strength, unlike the normal swords we practiced with down in the arena. The blade was curved deadly, and the handle was wrapped in black leather, made for my smaller hand. I pulled the other out, and stepped back, rotating my wrists, making them sing in the air. They fit perfectly. "They're beautiful. Thank you."

Both of us ignoring the fact that Antonio disappeared from where he was standing, he nodded and said, "Just don't forget you can rip their heads off with your bare hands." He rubbed his side. "You're definitely strong enough."

I chuckled, pointing one of the swords at him. "I was giving you payback."

His lips twitched. "I know."

Antonio reappeared holding that brown leather book in his hands while reading from it.

As that was never a good thing, everyone froze, staring at him. His gaze was avid, eyes darting back and forth, before he flipped the page. He blinked. Snapped the book shut. Sluggishly, his golden gaze found mine. And instantly, my blues eyes were as guarded as his, void of all emotion. He didn't say anything, and I didn't ask. It was there in the set of his shoulders. Something nasty - possibly on this trip - was about to transpire for me.

Surrounding me, everyone held their collective breaths, like I was a dead woman walking.

Ezra's predator growled wildly, his eyes flashing at Antonio. "What do you know?"

"It's not for me to say," Antonio murmured, his head dipping to stare at the sand.

"Bullshit!" Ezra stated harshly. "If you know she's going to encounter trouble in this, take more protection with you!" He brushed off Elder Venclaire's hand when the Elder tried to quiet him.

Antonio's chest heaved, and shaking his head slightly, he stated quietly, "She travels the journey alone." And he turned his back to everyone, rubbing his forehead.

Tense silence ensued at his cryptic words while I tried to regulate my breathing.

"You know what? Fuck your damn rules," Ezra spewed, frustration and anger - and fear - riding his features, hardening them. "I'm going with her." He pointed between me and him, starting to stalk my way. "And she's going with me afterward."

Taking a calming breath, I placed the swords back in the case, closing it carefully. My hands were shaking the tiniest bit, but I kept it together, not dropping the case as I picked it up. Nor did I drop it when Elder Zeller blurred directly in front of the stalking Ezra. I managed to keep a firm grip on the case when Ezra completely lost it, taking a swing at his dad, who had tried gripping Ezra's shoulders to keep his son in place.

His dad ducked, cursing under his breath before plowing into Ezra's middle and taking him onto his back, sand flying in all directions from underneath them. Cahal held an instant forearm to Ezra's throat, restraining him when Ezra's fangs extended. I was pretty sure the only thing that kept this from becoming a real fight was the fact that they were father and son. Elder Venclaire was correct not to intervene.

"Stop," Cahal said in a deep, calming tone. "Just stop, son."

Ezra growled, but stared up at him, not throwing any more punches. "Give me one f**king reason other than 'it's the way it has always been done' that proves we can't," a pause, "all go together to protect the other." His nostrils flared.

Instant. "The spell doesn't work if you have another Mys, other than the Prodigy, nearby. It's not only an ancient spell of finding; it's also one of protection."

Truth.

Ezra's jaw clenched, his eyes closing as he figured this out on his own.

"Well, now that the fun and games are over," Elder Harcourt clapped his wrinkled hands together from the entrance of the cave, startling me because I hadn't even realized he was there, "it's time to do the spell."

Elder Nelson's wide gaze went from Cahal and Ezra to Elder Harcourt, and he quickly herded Pearl over to him, probably praying she didn't pull any of the theatrics that were happening out here. If he only knew. Elder Fergus even physically shoved Jack toward Elder Harcourt in his haste, muttering under his breath about Bonnie and Clyde bullshit. Which was more right than he knew.

I stared as Cahal whispered something at Ezra's ear, to which Ezra slowly nodded. My heart swelled because I probably would have lost it just like Ezra with our emotions as raw as they were. Cahal whispered something else, getting the same response from Ezra, before he lifted his arm off his son's throat. Ezra lay there for a few seconds longer than necessary after Cahal stood. His dad lowered his hand to him, and Ezra smashed his into it, letting his dad yank him to his feet.

"Well," King Kincaid cleared his throat, gently nudging me in the direction of Elder Harcourt, "I think it's safe to say you've been lying to me." He rubbed his chest. "At least the others haven't figured it out." He didn't seem too upset that I had been devious.

A hysterical giggle almost escaped, but I quickly bit it off and turned my back to him, heading toward the Mage. The only few out here that didn't know about Ezra and I were Elder Harcourt, Elder Fergus, and Elder Nelson. There was nothing else to do but walk headlong into a fate I knew was going to be filled with turmoil, sans a furiously protective Ezra.

I stood next to Jack, Pearl on the other side of him, the three of us facing Elder Harcourt. Ezra moved to stand next to me, just a little too close, but I wasn't about to move away because he was still growling quietly in his chest. I didn't miss how his dad stood directly behind him, either.

Elder Harcourt glanced at Ezra, his lips twitching as he hobbled to stand straight in front of him. Crazy damn man. His head tilted as he stared Ezra in the eyes, then rooted around in his pants pocket, mumbling, "They're in here somewhere." A pause. "Wait. Other pocket." He jammed his other hand in the other pocket, pulling out two tiny pairs of white dice.

"Hold your hand out, King Zeller," Elder Harcourt instructed.

I blinked, then jolted, realizing he was talking to Ezra. That was the first time someone had called Ezra by that name. Even Ezra stood there motionless, blinking at Elder Harcourt, until I nudged him in the ribs covertly...well, as stealthily as I could with everyone standing in a circle around us, watching avidly. Ezra glanced down, his gaze still narrowed, but his growl cut off as his eyes met mine. I jerked my head toward Elder Harcourt, whispering, "Your hand."

Real slow-like, he blinked, then held his hand out, eyes still on me. He leaned down, breathing against my ear, "You had better f**king call me every goddamn chance you get." He straightened only when his dad cleared his throat behind him.

Elder Harcourt dropped one of the die onto Ezra's palm, then placed his own palm on top of Ezra's, gripping his hand. His eyes glowed, and I had to stop myself from stepping back as Elder Harcourt's power began swirling around us. Ezra went rigid as Elder Harcourt lowered his head, placing his lips to the back of his wrinkled hand...and blew out a sharp breath.

Ezra jerked, but didn't yank his hand away. Elder Harcourt released him, and the die glowed red and black in Ezra's palm. Ezra sucked in a harsh breath, whispering, "Female."

Elder Harcourt grinned. "The first female Prodigy Vampire." He patted Ezra's shoulder. "Go get her."

Ezra stared down at his hand, slowly gripping the die hard.

Elder Harcourt hobbled a step over, standing in front of me.

I waited, wanting to hear him say it.

He chuckled. "Please hold out your hand, Queen Ruckler."

I grinned and did as told.

He repeated the process, his power feeling purely of time and spells as he touched me. Only training kept me from blasting each of us apart in an invisible explosion. When he breathed life into the die, I almost turned to leave, feeling the instant pull to find the small life force. I grunted, widening my stance, murmuring, "Male." Inside my glowing black die was the knowledge of a two-year-old male.

Elder Harcourt smiled, nodding, and moved down the line.

Jack's glowed red. A fire elemental. Male.

Pearl's glowed golden. Male.

"All of you stay safe while you're out there," Elder Harcourt said softly, shuffling back a step.

"East," Pearl murmured. "I need to go east."

"North-west," Jack whispered, staring at his die.

Ezra and I glanced at each other.

His dad had said the spell didn't work when other Mysticals were nearby, which had been the truth...and yet...it was working just fine right now.

Ezra's lips curved in a tiny, vicious private smile. "West." One eyebrow rose in question, but I knew my direction didn't really matter either way.

I bit my lip to keep from grinning. "South-west."

Five minutes later, Ezra and I gave heartfelt goodbyes to Pearl, who was taking Elder Harcourt, and Jack, who was taking a newly arrived Elder fire Elemental I didn't know, and gave them pointed looks. We couldn't all go together because they wanted us back as soon as possible, which was completely understandable, but that didn't mean Jack and Pearl couldn't travel together.

Afterward, as I sat on the beach, I wasn't sure Pearl had understood, but Jack had definitely gotten the hint, tugging her away before they left. Now, I was waiting for Antonio to gather a few belongings and listening to Ezra's voice in my ear - enjoying his use of the old form of Vamp communication - who stood down the beach with a few other Elder Vampires, who were all gossiping about the fact that the Prodigy Vampire was a female. Staring at the waves rolling in, I couldn't help but smile as he continued to purr very naughty comments in my ear, even after he was done explaining a modest, but effective plan.

"I'm hungry," I grumbled forty minutes later, driving my Hummer through the fourth town on the beachside road. "Let's get some grub."

Antonio stared. "That's the first thing you've said since we left." His fingers ticked on the passenger side door. "You aren't going to pry for information about what I said earlier?"

"Nope." My concentration was elsewhere, making sure I didn't mess up Ezra's instructions. "You wouldn't tell me, anyway." That had been obvious from his own silence.

He stared a moment longer. "Alright." He began glancing around the town, which sucked for our plan. Ezra and I didn't know this area, so his directives had been vague. Go figure, the fourth damn town had tons of fast-food joints. "Where would you like to eat?"

"Um...," I glanced about, "not sure yet."

Ezra had planned to steal a car, since he didn't have one of his own to use. The downside of that was I had no clue what the car looked like.

"Chinese?" Antonio pointed.

I shook my head. "No." That didn't sound right.

His finger flicked the other way. "Pizza?"

"Doesn't sound good." Nor particularly correct.

"Oh," Antonio sat forward, waving his finger, "there's a Mexican place."

I sat straighter, glancing where he was aiming his finger. Now that sounded about right amongst all the normal fast-food joints. The first time we had taken a private stand against the Coms and Kings had been at a Mexican restaurant. I felt my lips curl. "Yeah. Good pick."

Antonio smiled smugly, rubbing his flat belly. "I haven't had good Mexican food in a while."

Turning into the parking lot, my lips twitched. Hopefully, he didn't get indigestion after he figured out what we had planned. Oh, well. He should know better by now than to not expect Ezra and me to ignore the rules.

The place was small and intimately lit, so when we entered I had to pause to let my eyes adjust to the darker lighting. The hostess, a Com woman who appeared beaten from the lunch rush, still managed to smile brightly at Antonio as she grabbed menus, asking, "Just the two of you?"

Furtively, I squinted through the lighting, focusing to make sure my eyes didn't start glowing. There were only a few people sitting at the maroon booths, but I instantly glanced into the back corners. Bit my lip when I didn't see anyone. This had to be the place.

"Just two," Antonio told her, his eyes also dancing around the interior. "And we'd like to sit at one of those tables," he tilted his head, "in the corner." Safety first.

When we were seated in a round booth, the Com done trying to flirt with a non-receptive Antonio, I pretended to look at the menu while Antonio really did, asking me, "What are you going to get?"

I sucked in a large breath, staring at the door. "Ezra."

Antonio paused, and then chuckled quietly. "I don't believe he's on the menu, kiddo."

I squirmed on the seat, trying to keep from jumping out of it. No, Ezra wasn't on the menu, but he was now standing inside the door of the restaurant with Cahal. I watched as he scanned the area, and saw his teeth flash when he noticed us...and when Cahal smacked him upside his head when he saw us, too. The hostess handed them menus, then waved them on back when Ezra pointed to us as he rubbed his head, still grinning. Turning my attention to Antonio, I said quietly, "You love me, right?"

He blinked, his golden gaze meeting mine over his menu. "Yes." That was a wary affirmative.

"Trust me?"

A pause. "With my life? Yes. With your own life? No."

"Thank you, I think...and don't be mad at me." My smile was hopeful. "I know what I'm doing."

"That, I'm definitely not agreeing with," he stated, lowering his menu. "What's going on?"

I bit my lip, tilting my head toward Cahal and Ezra, who were almost on us.

His gaze altered. Widened. "Jesus, Lil."

I waved my hands at him. "Don't get upset." I scooted closer to Antonio, giving Ezra room to sit next to me. "The spell still works."

Ezra practically squashed me, he sat so close, throwing an arm on top of the curved booth behind my head. "Dad said it didn't work when other Mys were near, but all four of us were able to tell which direction we need to go."

Cahal was still standing while Antonio was sitting, but both of them stared with the same expressions. Total and complete exasperation. Cahal shook his head first, finally taking a seat, which was a little snug since we hadn't asked for the biggest booth, but doable after Antonio adjusted to be closer to me, squashing my other side. As Antonio began rubbing his temples, his elbows on the table, Cahal stated bluntly, "The spell won't work when you're closer to the Prodigies. It will give you the general location, but it will falter once you're close. So again, the spell doesn't work when another Mystical is close by."

Ezra shrugged his massive shoulders. "That works for us. Once we get to that point, we'll hang back, but still be close enough to help if it's needed, and let each other go alone. But, up until that point," another shrug even though his eyes were dead serious, "we're going together." And then he smiled. It wasn't pretty. "If you two have an issue with that, you can go back to the cave. This is how we're doing it, with or without your consent."

I rested my head against Ezra's chest, enjoying how he instantly rested his chin on top of my head. "And the beauty is that we're not breaking any Laws because it's only tradition." In other words, they couldn't haul us back with them to King Cave and threaten us to do as they wished.

There was a beat of silence, and then Cahal glared at Antonio. "Did you know about this?" He waved a hand at us. "They're skating a fine line between jail and insubordination."

Antonio sighed, his shoulders lowering with the action, and dropped his hands from his temples onto the table, turning his own glare on Cahal. "No, I didn't know they were going to do this." Truth. "They're also right, unless you can think of a Law I've somehow," he threw his hands in the air and thumped back on the booth, further smashing me and knocking into Cahal at the same time, "forgotten." He thrust a thumb in my direction. "She may be God-awful at history, but her memory of the Law is indisputable."

Cahal stared at me, his dark eyes unreadable, for what seemed like forever, and then he muttered, "No, I can't think of a damn thing we could do to them Lawfully." He smiled, letting me know he wasn't opposed to going outside the Law.

I managed to hold his gaze, gripping Ezra's thigh tight when I felt him start to lean forward. "You'd have to catch us first." My grin was just as sweet. "I can mask better than anyone you know, and I'm betting Ezra could do it if he tried hard enough." I shrugged. "Add in everything Antonio's taught me," my grin grew, "and you wouldn't have a chance."

Antonio flicked my forehead. "I also taught you not to provoke those stronger than you."

I rubbed my forehead, but didn't look away from Cahal's unwavering gaze.

Finally, his dark eyes lifted to where Ezra was still resting his chin on top of my head. "Is she as good as she thinks she is?"

Instant. "If she wanted to disappear, none of us would be able to find her."

Dark eyes landed back on me, then he grunted. "Makes sense for who raised you."

I couldn't really argue that point since it was true.

"So," Ezra's arm lowered from the top of the booth and hooked over my shoulder to intertwine his fingers with mine, "we're good?"

Neither answered, but instead picked up their menus and started perusing the choices, which was answer enough. They weren't leaving, and they weren't hauling us out of the place.

Tilting my head to the side, I grinned up at Ezra. "What took you so long?" They had left before us.

Ezra lifted his own menu, his lips twitching as a waitress arrived. "Just a sec." The waitress, who also tried to flirt with Antonio, took our orders then sauntered away, her hips sashaying. Snickering quietly at the woman's antics, I glanced back up at Ezra for his reason. He smirked, damn near pulling me onto his lap as he re-positioned himself. "Dad had issues with me borrowing," his dad sniffed, "a car...then, after listening to him lecture, when I did finally find one to borrow, he had issues with the vehicle itself."

His dad's nose rose. "He picked a...," he blinked, "what did you call that atrocity?"

"A POS."

His dad nodded. "Well, he tried to get me to ride in a," he said it like it was a type, "POS."

Antonio snorted, coughing quickly.

Cahal's eyebrows slammed together even as Ezra and I kept stoically blank expressions while he glared at Antonio. "What?"

Antonio drummed his fingers on the table, drawling, "Do you even know what a POS is?"

Cahal's expression didn't change, but it was like I could see the wheels turning rapidly in his intelligent mind. His gaze narrowed slightly. A few beats later, he stated, "A piece of shit."

"Good guess," Antonio muttered, and then took his drink, which the waitress held out. Only his drink, and no one else's, just so she could sashay those hips again as she left. Casually, Antonio asked, "So...what did you end up with?"

Cahal sniffed. "A Jaguar."

This time, I chuckled and couldn't stop it. "You guys are riding with us."

"Why?" Cahal asked. "You have a utility vehicle." It wasn't a compliment.

Ezra sighed. "Dad, there's a reason why I dropped the car off blocks away and made us walk here." His thumb lazily brushed back and forth over mine where we were holding hands. "New and expensive cars normally have GPS systems to track them if they're stolen."

Cahal stared. "How is it that you know which car is best to steal? Or even how to steal one in the first place?"

Ezra's lips twitched. "I learned a few things when I left California."

"When you went on your unscheduled tour of the world?" Cahal's jaw was clenched.

"Yes," Ezra cleared his throat, pointing vaguely, "You'd better contact Mom now."

Cahal's expression instantly changed to caution.

I blinked, understanding the genius of Ezra's evasive tactic.

Antonio laughed outright. "You didn't tell her?"

Cahal mumbled, "You haven't got a damn clue," he rubbed his forehead, "The woman has a pair of lungs on her I normally enjoy...unless she's upset." Then his eyes went distant, and I realized he and Vivian had telepathy as their mate gift. The rest of our drinks arrived while he was communicating with her, but the waitress didn't seem to notice his pained expression, staring at Antonio as she was. A minute later, he blinked, then nodded to Ezra. "She's going to be," Ezra's cell rang in his pocket, "calling you."

Ezra sighed and had to stand to get his cell, we were so crammed. "Yes, Mom?" He sat back down. And I literally pulled my head away from him when I heard the screeching over the line made by one Vivian Zeller. Antonio even rubbed at his ear as Ezra murmured, "Mom...I'm fine...Mom...I...no, of course not...wait...uh...yes, I will...it's not...that...," he sighed heavily, "I will. I love you, too."

My chin was trembling in an effort not to laugh at them. Both Ezra and Cahal had the same pained expressions on their faces now. It didn't help when Antonio pointed his beer at Cahal, stating, "I almost feel sorry for you." He chuckled, the sound evil. "Almost."

Cahal rubbed at his temple. "Fuck off."

Chapter Nineteen

An hour and fifteen minutes later, all our bellies were full on a meal, free courtesy of Ezra's power, and we were back on the road. Clyde had been in Ezra's duffle the whole time during the meal, so he was thrilled to be out of its confines, both he and Bonnie lying in the back on all of our duffles. Ezra had growled a little at Antonio and Cahal when they both wanted to ride shotgun, so he was sitting next to me while they sat on the back seat griping about our music choices.

Ezra leaned over, nibbling at my neck while I drove, murmuring, "Dumping them somewhere is sounding excellent." His lips lifted against my neck, purring, "Then we could have the whole back seat to ourselves."

"Stop it," I whispered, blushing and pushing at his shoulder, which didn't help.

Cahal groaned behind us, and it sounded like he started moving around. "Please tell me this back seat hasn't been used for that."

Ezra's chuckle rumbled throughout the SUV. "We've only been back there once." His hand started roaming up my thigh, and I quickly swatted at it, my flush flaming high, knowing he was talking about the time he had drunk off me in King Hall's parking lot. "I wouldn't mind a longer, and more thorough, session, though."

Ezra's face jerked against my neck when Antonio smacked the back of his head. "Quit groping her in front of me." He sounded ticked off. "She may be grown, but there are still some things I don't enjoy seeing happen to my baby girl."

I pushed at Ezra's shoulder again.

He assented after raking his fangs against my neck once, settling back into his seat and mumbling over his shoulder, "Thanks for letting him hit me, Dad."

Cahal grunted. "You deserved it."

I squinted. "Oh, my God." I bit my lip, glancing at Ezra. "Is that who I think it is?"

Ezra's mien instantly changed from lazy playboy to alert Vampire, scanning the area. He squinted like I had, then rested an elbow on the console, covering his mouth. "Incredible."

"What is it?" Antonio asked instantly, leaning forward. "I can't see shit back here."

Dry words from Cahal. "It's my mate."

"What?" Antonio asked, incredulous.

I started slowing for the hitchhiker - Vivian - on the side of the road, standing next to a POS car with its hood up. "You told her where we were, Elder Zeller?" I knew Ezra hadn't since he hadn't been able to get in an intelligent word.

"It may have slipped," he muttered, head in his hands. "I didn't expect her to do this."

Dry words from the son. "It's Mom. Of course she would do this."

Like, risk her damn life to tag along and make sure her son and mate were alright. "Jesus." Sighing heavily, I muttered in defeat, "You two had better make room back there." I stopped my Hummer behind the pseudo broken-down car, her expression not one of surprise at seeing us, peering at Ezra. "You'd better behave if you don't want your mom knowing about us."

The back door opened just as Ezra's face fell into his hand, his mom asking instantly, "Know what about you two?"

One green eye opened to glare at me between his spread fingers. "Vampire, sweetheart."

I bit my lip and turned my attention forward as Vivian threw her bag in the back, Clyde and Bonnie growling, and made herself fit in the back seat with Cahal and Antonio. Hell, no one even asked her what the f**k she was doing here with only a shawl over her head as a disguise, she was that damn scary. She waited until she closed the door to ask again, "Ezra, dear, what don't you want me to know about you two?"

My lip was damn near bleeding I was biting it so hard, and I quickly busied myself with getting us back on the road.

Ezra growled quietly, tugging on one of my pigtails. "Coward."

"Yep." Where his parents were involved in our love affair, that answer was definitely yes.

A beat, then he sighed, saying, "Stop the car."

I exhaled profoundly myself, and then decided that pulling over was probably the best course of action, just in case she tried to attack me once he told her. Again, I stopped on the side of the road, maybe twenty yards ahead of where I had initially pulled over. I parked it, then took my seatbelt off and turned on my seat.

Ezra stated to Vivian, "This, Mom." He blurred, leaning over the console, and his lips were suddenly on mine. A tiny squeak was all I was capable of before I sighed, sinking against him when he gently cupped my cheeks, softly caressing my lips with his. As far as kisses went, it was fairly chaste, but it still felt like heaven as our lips molded to each other's.

The deep rumble of a throat clearing broke us apart, and then Antonio groused, "If your lips hadn't been attached to hers, I would have hit you again." He pointed an aggravated finger at Ezra's grinning face. "I saw enough in my damn office to blind me." His finger punctuated each word. "Quit. Groping. Her. In. Front. Of. Me."

Ezra's cocky, self-assured grin - a daring expression - didn't change as he lightly ran his hand up and down my throat in clear ownership.

Antonio growled, then glared at Cahal, saying, "Get control of your son before I hurt him." And...it didn't sound like an idle threat, either.

Before this went any further, I whispered, "Ezra, stop it." I patted his chest lightly, then pushed more firmly. "Or you're going to sit in the back."

Ezra's eyes slammed to mine, narrowing. "You can't be serious."

My own gaze narrowed as I placed a hand at his throat, since he hadn't removed his. "I am if you start a fight in my car." I felt him swallow slowly against my palm, the action easy since neither of us were squeezing, even as his eyes flared at my simple threat. My eyebrows rose. "Just stop, alright?" This was turning into a battle of alpha wills real quick. I knew how to deal with those easily enough. "If you do, I'll let you sleep in bed with me tonight."

Never ignorant, he stilled, and gently he asked, "Where else would I be sleeping?"

Easy. "On the couch."

His Vampire growled deeply, sounding furious.

My gaze didn't waver. "Your choice. This may be a long trip and everyone needs to get along."

At least a full minute passed as his Vampire continued to growl, no one in the back seat moving - or breathing from the sound of it - as we stared each other down. My own wolf wanted to growl right back, jumping at the challenge, but I pushed back at her. My words had been my growl, and adding anything else to this would only escalate it. Little by little, Ezra leaned forward, his eyes glowing a bit, and his face hovered right in front of mine before he nipped my lip, hard enough for me to know he wasn't pleased...then he released my throat without another word and moved back into his own seat, my hand sliding from his own throat.

My lips lifted a little. "Thank you." I leaned over when he flicked me a glare, and I kissed his cheek, earning a rumbling huff from his Vampire that was damn adorable, before settling into my seat and back against my door, hand on the door handle. My gaze met Vivian's mouth - where her fangs would come from. "Any questions?"

Her head cocked. "No." A long pause. "Not right now." One side of her lips lifted into a grin, showing me one of her fangs, which were descended. "But I would love to hear more about you." Her finger flicked at Antonio. "And not from him this time."

Perfect.

Not only was I going to have to sleep with one eye open from the looks of it, I was now going to have to remember my life's story - the completely fabricated one. And sell it. I nodded, not flinching, and turned back around in my seat, murmuring, "Everyone, buckle up." While they grumbled because they were crammed in, doing as told, I stared out the window, quickly recalling everything Antonio had said that day at lunch. Even though I knew Ezra was ticked off, I placed my hand in his as I pulled the Hummer back onto the road and began telling his parents lie after lie about a life I had never lived, thankful they weren't Shifters.

"Lily!" Ezra barked loudly.

My eyes jolted open as my hands fisted on the steering wheel. "Shit." I jerked the wheel to the right, getting back into the correct lane. "Sorry, sorry." I rubbed my eyes swiftly, squinting into the dark night.

Ezra's hand was instantly on the back of my neck, massaging my tight muscles. "Sweetheart, it's time to find a hotel if you're not going to let me drive."

"Yes, please do so, before you kill us all," Vivian murmured dryly, releasing her grip from Ezra's headrest in front of her. "I do realize Ezra's driving history has scared you from letting him behind the wheel, but in his defense, he never once fell asleep while driving."

Again, I mumbled, "Sorry." And yeah, it was a little growly, a smidge grumpy. "Antonio, how far until the next town?" Hell, I wasn't even sure what state we were in any longer, my mind half dumb with exhaustion.

"I can't navigate for you," Antonio stated, patting my shoulder. "The Elder's only here to watch out for your safety while you're searching for the Prodigy."

Through a yawn, I said, "Ezra?"

"Oh sure, you'll trust me to navigate...but not drive?"

I growled a little. "Dammit, I'm too tired to fight right now." My grin was feral. "Or I could pull over on the side of the road and shift. I wouldn't mind sleeping out there in the trees. How about you?" Yeah, it was a little mean.

"Remind me again why you're in love with her?" Cahal drawled, cracking his neck.

"Fuck off, Dad," Ezra muttered. "She's grumpy at night when she's tired and I'm grumpy in the morning when I'm tired." He pulled the atlas out from between the seats - the navigation system had long ago been disconnected by a spell - and kissed my cheek. When I growled a little, feeling irritated and also a little mollified, he chuckled, "It's a fair trade."

"If you say so," Cahal muttered, not sounding convinced.

Vivian hummed, "The hell with fair. I'd run if I were either of them."

Antonio muttered, "It's like they turn into poltergeist when they're tired."

All three hummed in mutual agreement behind Ezra and me.

"I would rather not hear another word from the damn peanut gallery right now." I growled low, my eyes flashing. I swerved the SUV back and forth in quick jerks, making everyone in the back seat grunt as they repeatedly smacked into each other in their closed-in state. "Or I'll do this all the way there." I swerved a few more times for good measure.

Ezra lowered his hand from the 'Oh, shit' handle when I drove normally again, chuckling quietly when not one peep came from the back seat. "God, I love your ass."

"Whatever," I grumped, turning the radio up to loud and the air-conditioning to full blast. "Just find me a damn town with hotels to choose from."

Twenty minutes later we turned off a ramp, and I headed for the first shithole I could find. When Cahal and Vivian started to argue, pointing at the finer establishments, I jerked the car back and forth again, then relented when they shut up, explaining, "Those places have cameras all over them. If you want to do anything Mystical - like Ezra drinking - and have no problem being caught on film, I'll let you out over there, otherwise, we're sleeping where I pick." They stayed mute. "Silence is mother-fucking-sweet."

Ezra grunted.

When I stopped the SUV in front of the lobby, I leaned over, opening the glove compartment. Fiddling with the top section of it, I found the groove I had put there last year, and gave it a good jerk. My secret compartment opened, and the contents almost spilled out onto the floor, but Ezra leaned over, quickly helping me, and rumbled, "What the f**k is this?"

"It's safety," I muttered. "And besides, you can't go in there flashing everyone because even a dump like this has cameras in the lobby, so I'll have to take care of it." I shuffled through a few IDs until I found one with a picture of me with brown hair. The coloring wasn't perfect, but it would do. When Ezra grabbed the rest from my hand, rifling through them, getting more pissed with each one he flicked past, I decided this argument could wait until later and quickly lifted one of the small rolls of cash he had sat on his lap. "I'll be back. Everyone, stay put."

And...I should have known Ezra wouldn't listen. Before I had even opened the lobby door, he was directly beside me. I took a calming breath, not wanting to argue with him right now, with the person behind the counter in full view. Ezra opened the door for me, placing a possessive hand at the small of my back as we walked inside. The place smelled like cat piss - somehow that was what these places always smelled of - but the clerk was friendly enough for the midnight shift.

Well, until her expression turned apologetic as she informed us they only had one room left. Apparently a classic car show was in town, which did explain the parking lot filled with antique crap-mobiles, but still...that just sucked. Then the clerk cheerfully told us the room had two double beds. As if that made it any better with the group traveling with us.

After paying for our one room - lovely - we piled back into the Hummer, and I had to listen to Cahal state, "Those were a lot of IDs and cash, and your evasive skill set is impressive. One would think you're prepared like someone who has done something wrong."

I snorted, too tired to be freaked by his comment. "Or, one might think I was preparing to survive." I paused. "You've evidently forgotten who raised me."

Cahal grunted. "Oh, no. You two are too much alike for me to forget that."

Ezra grunted, done putting my stash back in its hiding place as I pulled into a parking spot, and mumbled, "By the way, we're all sharing a room." Everyone groaned from the back seat, his redirection working perfectly. "And since Lily paid, we're getting one of the two beds."

I handed the key to Antonio when everyone got out, instantly stretching from the long drive, and said, "We'll be up in a minute." I didn't need to have a Vampire's senses to know Ezra was still angry. "It's room two-three-seven."

He nodded, patting my shoulder. "Have fun with that." He knew Ezra was pissed, too.

I snorted and then popped my back, watching as Bonnie and Clyde jumped from the back of the SUV, still appearing in their poodle form, as everyone grabbed their duffle from the back. Ezra had our two over each of his shoulders as he leaned back against the SUV, lighting a cigarette, his eyes steadfast on me. When the others were inside the building, and I could see them through the glass door stepping into an elevator, I whispered quietly, "I'm always going to be prepared, Ezra."

My gaze met his. "After I asked him to, Antonio worked those IDs up for me before we did the Awakenings. I never planned to run from you or Jack or Pearl. I'm not planning to now, nor will I ever run from you. But I will always be prepared as long as what I am is a death sentence."

Ezra took a long pull off his cigarette. Silent. Eyes slowly roaming my face, he finally spoke. "What else haven't you told me?"

My lips pinched. "Ezra, don't ask this."

"Tell me." Simple, quiet words before he took another drag of his cigarette.

I inhaled deeply through my nose, then out calmly through my mouth. "Some of this was done when my mother was alive, some I did when I moved in with Elder Kincaid, and the rest was done when Antonio resurfaced in my life." I inhaled again, then spoke on the exhale, "I own five different homes all over the world under different names, most of them spelled so other Mysticals can't find them. I have safety deposit boxes in all five of those locations, containing a variety of visas, all aliases, and cash. I have a highly spelled PO Box in New York where I keep all of my important mail. I've strategically placed three trucks throughout the United States in long-term parking garages in case I ever need another vehicle in this country, not counting the ones I have at my other homes. And all of my money is spread in different banking establishments under those aliases, and a few others, worldwide." I placed my hands in my pockets. "And after saying all that, I promise I'll never run from you, but if I have to survive, whether you go with me or not, I'm prepared."

Ezra appeared made of stone, he was so still. "If that's true, then why haven't you ever told me any of this?"

"Sometimes, it's best for the ones you love not to know." I firmly believed that.

His nostrils flared, and he jerked his head away, and very damn slowly, he stated, "I do understand that reasoning. My dad has taught me many ways to retrieve information from others. Most of the methods cruel." Again he sucked in a deep breath, his jaw clenched, still speaking as if he was deliberately and carefully choosing each word before voicing it. "But I'm still pissed, so it would be best if you walked away right now before I start yelling at you for keeping this from me." His eyes flashed bright green, lighting the area where he was staring as his control faltered. "Because it's f**king me, sweetheart. Me, you kept this information from." His Vampire growled. "Go."

I waited one more moment to explain, "Please understand, I didn't want it to get to the point where only someone as strong as you could keep the information quiet." Rubbing my face when he didn't say anything, I turned and walked inside, Bonnie following me, giving him the space he needed. I know it hurt him, but I had been protecting him, so that in the beginning if he was ever questioned, his answers would be simply the truth, any inquiry stopping there...but at the same time - in his mind - it was me deciding that he could be broken for the information. Honestly, I didn't think he could be broken. He was the type of individual who would kill himself before he would harm someone he loved, but I hadn't wanted it to get to that point. An easy 'no' would be better than torture.

Vivian let me into the room, instantly scanning the hallway behind me. "Where's Ezra?"

"He'll be up in a few," I murmured, slipping past her into the craphole of a room, feeling wrecked for upsetting him.

Vivian slammed the door shut and blurred so she was directly in front of me. "I don't trust you." Her fangs bared as she scanned my person. "And if you ever hurt my son-"

A quick finger over her lips shut her up, Antonio and Cahal both silently watching. My wolf growled. I was tired, upset, and very thirsty. And not in the mood for this bullshit. "Think before you threaten me in front of witnesses." My eyes glowed softly, unable to control it. "And yes, I know. If I ever break your son's heart, you'll kill me." I bowed my head slightly, but didn't take my eyes off her. "And if I ever do, I'll give you a fair fight." Deliberately, I took my finger away from her mouth. "But don't ever threaten me in front of others." I lifted my hand, showing her my Ruler's ring, my smile full of self-condescension. "After all, I am Queen Ruckler now."

She swallowed, closing her mouth, but damn, what a woman she was as she still looked down her nose at me. "Don't hurt him."

I chuckled, moving past her again. "Mrs Zeller, I love your son, and I don't intentionally hurt those I love."

"Intentionally?"

I flopped down on the bed next to Antonio where he lay on the edge of the one closest to the door. "Shit does happen." I peeked at her from under my arm, my eyes still glowing I was so out of sorts. "I don't know how much Elder Zeller has filled you in, but Ezra was the father of my twins. They died. He and I were both hurt by this. Their death wasn't intentional." I placed my arm back over my face, seeing the shock on hers, knowing Cahal hadn't told her that little tidbit of information. "But, like I said, shit does happen." Understatement.

There was a heartbeat of silence, then Antonio stated, "You should probably go to sleep, Lil."

"Yeah," I muttered, knowing that was the truth, before I said anything else I couldn't take back, but I was beginning to feel a little delirious, and starting to worry. I rubbed my face hard, then, with a shove, I literally flew off the bed, landing directly in front of the window. I pushed the curtain back, scanning the parking lot. And saw Ezra, walking from the SUV to the door, Clyde following. Turning, I muttered, "I'll be back."

I stomped out of the room. I couldn't sleep without him. I needed him next to me, his warmth and his breathing and his scent surrounding me. I ran to the elevators and paced back and forth in front of them. He was what I wanted. What I needed.

Hearing the elevator ding, the doors opening, I launched myself at him as soon as he stepped out. Even hindered with the bags he was carrying, he didn't wobble, one arm wrapping around my waist, the other threading into my hair, keeping my face close to his neck. Clinging to him like a monkey, I tightened my legs around his waist and hugged his throat tight, scenting him deeply. My wolf huffed in contentment, settling down just as I did, sighing heavily. "I'm sorry, baby. I just wanted to protect you, but I'll write everything down. All of it. Promise."

"Hush, sweetheart, I know," he whispered, running his hand up and down my back, soothing me with the repetitive motion. He began walking. "I'm not mad anymore." A pause. "But I would like that list."

I yawned against his neck. "And you'll have it tomorrow." I snuggled into his embrace, sighing as his very being calmed me. "I love you, baby." My eyes closed, and I felt myself going limp in his hold, complete exhaustion flooding my system.

"I love you, too," he whispered, tightening his hold.

Time must have passed because when I next I opened my eyes, I was sitting on the countertop in the bathroom of our room as Ezra held me while changing my clothes, and I mumbled, "Feet cold. Leave...socks." My eyes closed again at the sound of his rumbling chuckle.

I blinked again when my head hit a pillow, staring up into green. "Come to bed."

"In a minute," he whispered, kissing my nose, and then moving away.

I growled a little, closing my eyes, and rolled...into a warm body. I sniffed. "Antonio, what the hell are you doing in our bed?"

"It was either you two...or them." He patted my head. "And I chose you two."

I growled, "Floor." Never mind how I snuggled against his familiar warmth.

"Showing the love there, Lil." He snorted. "Bonnie and Clyde won't even sleep on this floor."

Eyes still closed, I patted the bed behind me drunkenly. When I found nothing there, I whined loudly, "Ezra!" My wolf growled. "Ezra, it's been a minute!"

"Dear, get out of the bathroom so we can all go to sleep!" Vivian called loudly.

"Hold on, goddamn it," I heard Ezra gripe from the bathroom, and my wolf huffed in contentment hearing his growly voice. Twenty seconds later, I felt a rush of wind, then warm arms were circling me, pulling me away from Antonio and lying me almost completely on top of his warm, half-bare body. Feeling him adjust the blankets around us, I sighed happily, whispering, "Better."

"Much," he murmured, kissing the top of my head. "Goodnight, sweetheart."

I yawned, his scent seeping into my pores. "'Night, baby."

Chapter Twenty

Sipping on a strawberry milkshake in an old school ice-cream parlor, I said what no one else was willing to say, "My Prodigy's family have to be f**king idiots."

Ezra's lips twitched, but he stayed beautifully mute as he ate his rocky road treat.

"Now, you don't know that," Vivian stated slowly, poking at her mint chocolate chip ice-cream as if she had never seen the stuff before. "Sin City's known for many unique individuals."

Cahal actually chuckled. "Unique." He seemed to be enjoying his double scoop of vanilla bean on a waffle cone.

"Fucking morons," Antonio muttered, sipping on his own shake. "Living in plain sight...right now? I mean, come on, who the hell does that?"

"Apparently, the family of the next Shifter Ruler." I sighed, rubbing my forehead. "An individual I'm going to have to train."

Ezra rubbed the back of my neck. "The ice-cream was supposed to make you feel better, so quit thinking about the id-" His chin trembled. "Um...the family."

I chuckled, lightly smacking his stomach. "Nice catch." After almost four days of hard traveling, my die had led us to Las Vegas, Nevada. We had passed through it...only for the die to pull me back in this direction. Circling the city had the same effect. So, here we were, eating ice-cream after dinner on the outskirts of Sin City, waiting for tomorrow to come so I could begin the more thorough search alone.

"Thank you." Ezra grinned, his smile satisfied. He tugged on one of my low pigtails, which I was beginning to enjoy wearing, staring at it as he twirled my hair around his fingers. His smile grew before glancing back at my face. Gradually, he lowered his head and purred softly at my ear, "Besides, I want you in a good mood later."

My cheeks instantly flamed, eyes lowering to the table, knowing his parents could hear.

He chuckled quietly, gently pressing his lips to my ear as he whispered in an intimate tone, "That, too, but there's something I want to ask you, and I want you in a good mood for it."

My eyes narrowed. "What question would you ask that I need to be in a good mood for?"

"Nothing bad," he murmured, kissing my temple softly. "But just try to stay happy." His green gaze met mine behind our glasses, and I saw a touch of...vulnerability...there.

My eyebrows puckered, my eyes darting back and forth between his in instant concern, and that was right when Antonio jolted...and glowed bright gold, lighting up the entire parlor...his head flying back and a pain-filled shout soaring from his opened mouth.

"Jesus," Ezra whispered, instantly jumping from his chair, facing the crowd of onlookers.

I felt Ezra's power erupt throughout the room, so much unleashed that it rocked me, but my heart was still beating frantically as I dove for Antonio when he started convulsing. Cahal and I both caught him when he started to fall. I held his head tight to my chest, feeling time and spells, his power, rush through my system. I grunted, same as Cahal as he held Antonio's body stationary while he continued convulsing, even as I drew my gun from the back of my pants, physically trembling from Antonio's and Ezra's powers whipping around me, and aimed my gun at the onlookers.

No one was watching us. In fact, they were all lined up like ants, filing out the door where Ezra stood, eyes glowing fiercely. I could see his mouth moving, but I couldn't hear what he was saying, though he was definitely ordering them to leave. And they did, faces slack, their minds defenseless against his will.

"Go into the back rooms and get the tapes," I shouted to Vivian over Antonio's screams.

She still sat stunned, motionless, her eyes wide, as if she didn't realize we needed to leave.

Cahal's Vampire growled, ordering her, "Now, Vivian. Get the footage."

She blinked. Nodded hastily, jumping from her chair and blurring into the back room.

Two things happened almost simultaneously.

The first was the sound of a gun firing in the back room.

The second was Cahal's shout joining Antonio's, right before his eyes closed, out cold.

The air choked out of me, Cahal falling on top of Antonio and making me take on both of their weight. Oh Jesus, no. My knees hit the ground, even as I trained my gun on the door Vivian had gone through, and I heard Ezra roar. As in, his Vampire actually f**king roared, rocking the tiles under my knees. The next second he blurred, people still moving outside. I lost track of him, but I did see the back door fly open, then swing shut, where I had my gun aimed.

There could have been only one reason for someone as powerful as Cahal to have suddenly passed out in pain, the evidence dark. I breathed heavily through my nose, trying not to get emotional right now, concentrating on the task at hand, carefully lowering Antonio's body, which was slowly beginning to stop convulsing, and Cahal's slack form, to the ground. I barely had them there when I heard a man screaming from behind the door as if the hounds of hell were after him.

Ezra's Vampire roared again.

My hands trembled on my gun, this being a first for me, hearing that terrifying sound from him. Or any other Vampire, for that matter. It wasn't a sound I wanted to hear again, and I prayed that the man would scream just a little louder so the roar wasn't so earth-shattering. I stumbled to my feet and quickly closed the door behind the last person to leave, all of them still under Ezra's mind hold as they got into their cars and drove away. Slowly, I made my way into the back room, even as the man's screams stopped, my ears ringing from Ezra's Vampire and feeling like they would soon start to bleed from the pressure.

"Ezra!" I shouted loudly, scanning an area full of refrigerators but not a soul.

The roar stopped echoing, and a furious growl sounded to my right.

Alright, I think that was an answer.

Carefully, I moved in that direction. There was a door that was slightly ajar. Moving past a stainless steel table, I saw...my gun trembled even more...Vivian's leg keeping the door open, stuck between the doorframe and the door. Slowly, it began gliding back into the other room while Ezra's Vampire growled in a long soulful tune behind the door.

Oh, God.

Keep it together.

Keep it f**king together.

I shook my head, catching the door as it began to close, the scents of Mystical blood, silver, and a shitload of Com blood filling my nostrils. "Ezra, baby. It's me. I'm coming inside." I bit my lip, blinking tears back when I heard his Vampire's growl sputter on a whimper. "It's only me, baby."

I gently pushed the door open, my eyes taking in everything all at once.

There was one Com male, maybe nineteen years old, lying right inside the room with his throat sliced open, blood pooling around his head, and a gun not too far from his slack hand. I gulped, keeping from puking when I saw another Com male lying on his back over an office desk, his age indeterminable because his face was smashed in, his head sitting crookedly on his neck. His shirt was vivid red because his stomach was sliced open, his entrails hanging over the desk's edge and to the floor, another gun lying on the ground where his arm - that was still attached - hung, while his other arm...who knew where the f**k it was.

Ezra was kneeling on the ground, rocking back and forth while clutching Vivian's dead body close to his chest, the back of her head missing, blood covering his face and hands.

I swallowed again, breathing through my mouth. "Ezra, baby, can you look at me?"

No response, his rocking and growling not cutting off.

"Ezra, I need you to look at me," I stated more firmly, putting a little of my power behind my command. I instantly jerked, feeling a backlash of his power. He apparently didn't like that so much. "Alright. No more of that."

Carefully, I walked through the room, heading for the video surveillance that I saw in the corner. Through the monitors I could still see Antonio and Cahal lying on the floor, and I quickly shut the computer down. There was a panic button on the wall, bloody fingerprints lining it, which probably meant the authorities were on their way. It was time to go.

Now.

I took all the CDs from the machine recording the footage, stuffing them in my pockets, and then tried one more time. "Ezra, we need to leave." I carefully edged toward him. "You need to get up."

Again, no answer.

Taking a deep breath and another step, this time directly behind him...I hit his head hard with the butt end of my gun. He groaned, his body falling, unconscious. Swiftly, I put the gun away, lifted him over my shoulder with my Shifter strength, and raced through the building. I ran outside to the Hummer, gently placing him on the passenger seat. I went back for Antonio. He went on the back seat. I heard sirens in the distance, and I muttered a litany of obscenities as I ran back into the building for Cahal. He groaned when I threw him over my shoulder, but he didn't wake as I ran from the building. The sirens were almost on us, and I haphazardly threw Cahal on the back seat too, his head banging against the other door as I quickly stuffed their legs in before slamming the door.

Nervous sweat beaded my brow as I jumped onto the driver's seat, turning the car on, hearing Bonnie and Clyde growling in the back. I didn't have time to get Vivian's body, and I didn't even want to think about the ramifications of that yet. Quickly reversing, I kept my lights off, but let my eyes flare in the darkness. I saw the flashing headlights less than a block away, so I cut the wheel to the right, praying the place had a back entrance.

It didn't.

I made one.

Bumping over the curb into the next parking lot, I heard multiple Com police car tires squealing to a stop at the ice-cream parlor. I kept the gas pedal down, zigzagging through the parking lot of a grocery store, also exiting their back entrance - they had one -before driving onto a main thoroughfare. Destination unknown.

No one following us, I dug my phone out, having to try three times before I got the numbers right, my hands were shaking so badly.

Elder Merrick answered on the fourth ring. "Hello? Lily?"

God love caller ID. "I have a situation." The words were flying. "I need your input."

"Talk." His voice was dead serious.

"Here's what you need to know. Vivian was just killed. Cahal is passed out. I knocked Ezra out when he went Vampire crazy. Antonio had a...Mage fit...of some kind, I've never seen happen. He glowed, screaming, and then started convulsing before he passed out. I've evaded the cops, but I had to leave Vivian's body behind." I took in a huge breath. "What I need to know is, what the f**k happened to Antonio, and is Ezra going to be Ezra when he wakes up, or Ezra-Vamp-crazy?" I knew what Cahal would be like.

There was a long pause, then a heavy sigh on the other end. "I'm going to skip past the fact that all f**king five of you were together while you're searching for the Prodigies, and get to what you need to know for the complete clusterfuck of a situation you're in." Thank you. "First, Antonio was having a vision. The more powerful the Mage, the harder the visions hit. He'll be out for - at least - a day and when he wakes up he'll want his book. Second, Ezra was reacting as any powerful Vampire reacts when a loved one dies - his predator took control - but when he wakes he should be fine. You know what Cahal will be like when he wakes up and realizes his mate is dead."

I nodded. "Okay, okay. I can do this. I just need to find a place far enough away that no one will hear their screams when they wake up." My head continued to bob, a hysterical laugh bubbling, my eyes darting everywhere. "It's f**king Vegas, after all. They'll think this shit's normal."

"Lily," Elder Merrick barked. "Calm the f**k down."

Panting, I giggled. "Queen Ruckler." Another breathless snicker. "What a f**king Queen I am."

"Lily, you're about to have a mental collapse. Take some calming breaths."

I shakily took one in through my nose, my hands trembling again as I whispered, "She was his mom, Merrick. I told her to go into that back room. When she died doing what I told her to do, I couldn't even retrieve her body for a proper burial." A sob escaped. "I can't f**king believe this."

"Shh," he hushed softly. "I know. I know." He sighed. "Tough decisions can make or break a person. You won't break. Just keep breathing, Lily. That's the only advice I can give you right now that will help this pass. Just keep breathing."

"Okay," I whispered, doing as told, even as a river of tears drenched my cheeks.

Finding a place to hide wasn't hard with all of the houses in the immediate area in foreclosure. I had my pick, and I chose the one farthest away from others. First, I took in Ezra, laying him on the light carpet in the front room. Second, I took in Cahal, laying him next to Ezra. Lastly, I took in Antonio, laying him in an upstairs room away from Cahal and Ezra. I didn't know how they would react when they awoke, possibly blaming Antonio or me or the world in general, but I thought it best to keep him separate. Then I shut the back door I had busted open and went to sit in the front room under a window, resting against the wall with Clyde and Bonnie in my lap and waiting for the inevitable.

One hour later, Cahal stirred. I blinked, my eyes glowing in the dark room and casting his body in blue. He rolled sluggishly onto his hands and knees. Shook his head. He stilled, his gaze flying first in Ezra's direction. His eyes glowed so dark they appeared like sparkling stars as they surveyed his son's frame, the flare of his gaze having the reverse effect to the darkness of the barren room. Sharply, his attention snapped to me.

I stared back, not saying a word, feeling empty inside and set to face his condemnation.

"How..." He rubbed his chest. "What..." He blinked, his breathing hitching. His shoulders slumped. "Oh, God...not Vivian."

It was a whispered breath. "I'm so sorry."

His throat bobbed as he repeatedly swallowed. His gaze flew around the room. And returned to me with an expression of hopelessness. "Where's her body?"

My chin trembled, even though I still felt like a hollow, bottomless pit. "I couldn't get her before the Com police came."

His nostrils flared, his shoulders hunching even further. "Antonio?"

"Alive and recovering from his vision," I stated evasively.

He ran a hand over his face before he turned his head from me. "I loved her."

My mouth was so dry. "I know."

His shoulders trembled as he whispered hoarsely, "She was my light when it was so dark."

My lips thinned even further at his palpable agony.

He was quiet for a long moment. "Did Ezra kill the person who killed her?"

"Yes."

He nodded woodenly. "His predator came out." A pause. "Did you knock him out?"

"Yes."

His chest heaved once. Twice. "I'm going to take a walk."

I watched as he left, his actions stiffer than a one-hundred-year-old Com, then turned my glowing gaze to where Ezra still lay, his only movement his chest rising and falling.

Twenty minutes later, it was his turn to stir.

He groaned, grabbing his head.

I waited.

Like his father, he froze on the ground, his breathing hiccupped, then he shouted, "Lily?"

Continuing to breathe as Elder Merrick had instructed, I whispered, "I'm here."

His head snapped in my direction, his eyes instantly glowing. And again, like his father, he stared, his eyes roaming my face, and bit by bit, an expression of desolation etched his features before his gaze flew around the room. Voice choking, he asked instantly, "My dad?"

"Alive. He's taking a walk."

He nodded jerkily, his chest heaving. After a few moments, he asked, "Antonio?"

"Alive and recovering from his vision."

His gaze came back to mine. Utter despair watched me. Stayed glued as he slowly rolled to his side, curling in on himself. His chin quivered, his breathing becoming difficult for him. The barest whisper. "I need you."

Hiccupping air, I nodded quickly, pushing Bonnie and Clyde off my lap so I could crawl to him. I barely made it there, lying beside him, holding his head to my chest and wrapping myself around him, before he bellowed in anguish, his body quaking as soulful sobs overtook him. I hung on tight, keeping him embraced in loving arms. I knew what it was like to lose a loving mother at a young age.

There was no correct way to describe the loss of the person who had raised you, who had loved you unconditionally, who had kissed every scrape, fought every battle you couldn't. The person in your life who was tender and ferocious all at the same time, the experienced saint to your youthful carelessness, the perfect person to your flawed self and still loved you nonetheless, who was always there with open, warm arms. No, there was no way to describe the horrifying grief which came with losing that too early, realizing your 'home' would never embrace you again.

Sorrow beat at me heavily for knowing, not only seeing, the pain that the man I loved was experiencing. My emotionless, constructed shell shattered, and I cried quietly while I held him, only just strong enough to be what he needed.

By remembering to breathe.

Chapter Twenty-One

I woke in the early morning hours to the smell of smoke.

Not cigarette smoke, and not the smell of Ezra's scent and tobacco mixed.

It was the scent of cinder and wood...and fuel.

My gaze flew open as I instantly tightened my embrace on Ezra, my head popping up as I scanned the room. A soft wolf's growl echoed from my chest until I saw Cahal standing in front of the window I had been sitting under last night, the early morning rays outlining him as he stared outside, frozen in place. He gave the impression of an angel of darkness, his form appearing completely black while the golden light shone around him. Another sniff, and I realized the stench was coming from him.

He spoke, his voice void. "She wanted to be cremated."

I stayed silent, motionless, waiting for what I already knew he was going to say.

"They had her in the morgue already." He paused. "There were Com police everywhere inside. I could hear them talking." Another pause. "They had no respect for the dead."

Warily, I extracted myself from Ezra, careful not to wake him. "Are they all dead?"

"Of course." Unpretentious words. "They burned right along with my mate's body."

I rested back against the wall, crossing my arms, my head dropping as I tried to figure out the implications of his actions. I would need to get a newspaper or find a TV to see if he had been caught on film doing this. It wouldn't help the war negotiations to have an Elder - Elder-fucking-Zeller - caught murdering, even if he was deranged at the time from the loss of his mate.

"I don't blame you," he stated bluntly. "I try not to blame others for my actions, or the actions taken by those I love."

I froze, feeling light-headed in relief, but still, the guilt was there. Deep inside, it was always harder not to blame oneself. Guilt was a heady burden that took too damn long to overcome.

"I've learned, Lily, that in this shithole of a life, each person has to live with the costs of their own actions. Someone may tell you to do something, in fact, order you to do something, but in the end, it's always your choice how you handle the situation." He cracked his neck, then blatant words. "She was scared. She didn't think. She should have been more cautious when she went into the back room. That is neither my fault, nor yours. She shouldn't have been so careless, and the person who shot her shouldn't have pulled a gun. Had either of those two things not occurred, she would be alive right now, as would the individual who shot her."

My hand covered my mouth, hearing his experienced, analytical mind reasoning it all out. This was a f**king man made of a different breed than most. He wasn't heartless, as his actions last night showed when he killed many over the loss of his mate, but life, his experiences - the war more than likely - had taught him how to push past grief differently. To step back from the pain to find reasoning. And, possibly, the truth.

He was f**king scary as hell.

We stood in silence for many minutes, lost in our own thoughts, the sun rising higher.

Eventually, he cleared his throat. "I want to thank you." Again, I stilled, but this time in shock. "Thank you for saving my life, my son's, and Antonio's. It couldn't have been easy doing it alone." Soft words. "Thank you for taking care of Ezra last night when I couldn't."

My chin quivered, but I dropped my hand from my mouth and stared him directly in the back of his head. "You're welcome."

He nodded once. "You need to find your Prodigy today."

My gaze instantly went to Ezra's sleeping form. Even in slumber, his eyebrows were furrowed, his jaw clenched. His respite hadn't come until many hours after he had initially awoken. And still, pain practically radiated from his resting form.

"I'll be here for him," Cahal stated, his voice sounding more direct. My head snapped up and I saw he had turned and was watching his son. He murmured quietly, "You still need to do what you came to, and he will still need to do his duty."

Straight to the crux of the matter. Duty. What we lived and breathed. I despised it most days...but hating it didn't change the fact it still needed to be done. By me and him.

Our f**king duties as King Vampire and Queen Shifter.

My lips curled cruelly. "Just breathe?"

His gaze slammed to mine. "Precisely."

After cleaning up, since I still had blood on me, by sneaking into the house down the street after watching the owners leave for work, I called for a taxi service from a nearby gas station while skimming the headlines of the day's newspaper. The attack on the ice-cream parlor made front page news, an unknown Vampire being named the culprit of the killings, but more suspects were on the loose, driving a Hummer - it gave my license plate number - which had been spotted leaving the scene of the crime driving sporadically. I had at least been smart enough not to take the Hummer out, just in case this had happened, plus there had surely been cameras around the grocery store I had driven through. Also, from what I read in the article, Cahal had been intelligent enough to leave witnesses at the morgue's explosive fire - the reason why they hadn't been able to identify Vivian - who believed delinquent teenagers had started it.

Sighing heavily, I tossed the paper and waited for the cab to arrive, Bonnie my companion, while making myself eat, exhausted and completely feeling like shit...but I had my duty to contend with. And as luck normally liked to f**k with me, when my cab arrived I quickly found I was screwed. I jumped into the cab and told the man he would be driving me all over the city, and that I would pay him every half-hour until we arrived at my destination. He only sat there, staring back at me. Then, he started gibbering.

Uh.

In Spanish.

God hated me. That was all I could reason as my brain swam. Lifting a finger, I quickly dialed Pearl on my cell. All the while, the cabbie wouldn't shut up.

Pearl didn't answer.

I called Jack. No answer.

Sighing in resignation, I dialed Ezra, not wanting to disturb him, but needing him nonetheless.

"Sweetheart?" he answered on the second ring, sounding groggy. A pause, then a holler, "Wait, where the f**k are you?" That tone was one of worry and irritation and being flat out pissed.

"I'm doing my duty," I explained, my tone letting him know it was the last thing I wanted to be doing. "I'm sorry I'm not there for you right now, but I need to find the brat as Elder Zeller," and it had definitely been Elder Zeller and not Ezra's dad speaking, "reminded me this morning." I paused, sticking one finger in my ear to hear past the cabbie, then said quietly, "I really am sorry I'm not there for you."

I heard him sniff, and he spoke just as quietly. "I understand, sweetheart, and you were here for me last night when I needed you the most." There was a long pause, then he cleared his throat, his voice gruff, "Who the hell is the f**ker in the background?"

Ah, yes. "Do you speak Spanish?"

There was silence over the line before I heard a broken chuckle - only the barest remnant of his normal self - as he managed to find a smidge of humor in my situation amongst his heartache. "In a bit of a pinch?"

My sigh was heavy. "Yes. I've decided God hates me."

Ezra snorted. "If God hates you, then I'm definitely number one on his hit list."

"We should go to church sometime." I wasn't really joking.

"Agreed." It didn't sound like he was, either. "A little love from above would be appreciated."

"Not really what I meant."

His voice was tired. "I know, although, it doesn't make what I said any less true."

I rubbed my ear, the driver damn near to giving me an impossible headache with his constant jabbering. "So, do you speak Spanish or not?"

"Of course," he rumbled, and then he started speaking Spanish in my ear, sounding a helluva lot more yummy than the idiot in front of me.

When he stopped talking, I cleared my throat hard. "One day, I'd really like to know what you just said, but in the meantime, can you explain to this guy I want to drive around town and pay him every half-hour until I get to my destination?"

Now he sounded snippy. "Only if you promise to call regularly to keep me updated."

My lips thinned. "Really, Ezra? Blackmail, right now?"

"If it makes you call me, then yes."

My eyes crossed. His demanding logic boggled the mind. Whatever. "Fine." I needed him right now. "I'll call you regularly for updates." I probably would have, anyway. "Now, will you talk to the man?"

"Yes," he murmured, sounding pleased with himself.

Ugh. I held my phone out to the driver, saying slowly, "Talk to the arrogant ass**le."

"I heard that!" Ezra shouted over the line as the driver took the phone. "I'm in mourning here, dammit. Cut me a little f**king slack!"

Feeling a smidge guilty for being grumpy, I watched as the driver used my phone and spoke so fast I wasn't sure at first if Ezra would be able to catch it all. But apparently he had no problem because the driver chuckled, glancing back at me.

His eyes hooded.

He fluttered a hand at my chest. Gibbered.

Then lower. Gibbered.

He listened, then went rigid, and quickly turned his back to me. Gibbered faster than ever. Nodded. Chucked the phone over his shoulder into my lap, and started driving.

Gingerly, I picked up my abused phone and asked into the receiver, "Do I even want to know what you said to the man?"

"Fucking pervert," Ezra rumbled absently, a definite growl sounding in his tone. "All I did was ask him to verify what you were wearing, not to explain your assets in vivid detail."

Pinching the bridge of my nose, I murmured, "I love you, baby, and I know you're going through a horrible time right now, but you still managed to try my patience to the breaking point."

A few phone calls and many miles later, I was at 3091 Salamanca Lane, Las Vegas, Nevada. I stood on the sidewalk in the afternoon daylight, staring at the building the die was telling me to enter. The cab driver sat two blocks down, waiting happily after not only driving me to this destination, roaming the city for hours with me pointing directions, but also after receiving a huge tip - bribe - in his grubby hands to wait a half-hour to see if I would need him again, after I literally used my fingers to tell him how long to wait and pointed at his dashboard clock.

I stared at the door, completely exhausted, having gotten maybe three hours sleep last night and wondering if I should get some more before attempting to knock. Hell, I couldn't even stop to appreciate the beauty of the architecture. All it looked like to me was a thin three-story building - one of many lining the street - that was the color of sand, and lots of wrought-iron railings on tiny balconies. I yawned, scratching my neck and blinking blurrily at the door.

I wasn't sure how long I stood there, but I did notice a curtain flutter. Well, the natives had noticed me. Best to get in there before they fled, because if they were still living in this highly populated area, they had to be extremely wary. In other words, a flight risk, and I wasn't about to go running after anyone right now.

Popping my neck, I moved forward on wooden legs, getting Ezra's number ready on my phone just in case I needed assistance. Throughout the day, he had sounded as if he was slowly waking from a dream, gradually becoming more like himself as he spent the time he wasn't talking to me with his dad. He knew I had found my mark since I had called him before I exited the cab, and told me to call him if I needed him...well, he had actually ordered that last bit, but I preferred to think of it as a request. So, my finger was poised over the button, ready to dial.

I knocked.

No one answered.

I knocked again. "Hello? Anybody home?" Please speak English.

I was tired of the gibbering.

The door opened a smidge. Just enough to get the toe of my boot inside, so the door couldn't be slammed. It was a Com woman who answered. My eyebrows snapped together and my gun was instantly pointed at her head. "Let me in."

She opened the door.

Thank f**k, English lives.

I stepped inside, and after scenting the air and glancing around, I put my phone into my pocket, keeping my gun aimed on the Com as she closed and locked the door, trembling. The entrance was thin with a wrought-iron spiral staircase rising up to the second floor. The floor under me was tile, and expensive artwork in taupe hung on the wall. Additionally, the smell of lion hung heavily in the air, along with an old, fading scent of...I sniffed again...jackal. Long dried Mystical blood also tainted the air.

When the Com turned to me, I spoke, "Are you the owner of this house?"

"No, miss. I only work for the owner." Her hand was slowly creeping behind her.

"If you're smart, you'll put your hands in the air." I would shoot her in a heartbeat.

Her jaw hardened, but she nodded and did as told.

"Turn around." I slowly started forward. "I won't hurt you, if you do as I say."

She actually glared. "Then why are you here?"

I scented...her protection. Ah, a Com who was a Mys lover. I didn't know we still had those. "I'm not here to hurt anyone. I only want to talk with the owner. But finding you, a Com, at the door was a bit of a surprise." I paused at her clear confusion while her narrowed eyes took in my form. "Believe me, darling, I'm Mys, and you're not. Therefore, I'll still want you to turn your ass around so I can disarm you."

I froze, keeping my gun aimed, while hearing from the second floor the click of a safety being thumbed on a gun. The Com didn't hear it, couldn't with her weaker ears, but I quickly - since my f**king back was to the upstairs balcony - and loudly stated, "I mean you no harm." I just want to take the boy. Yeah, that didn't sound right. "Are you the owner?"

"You're trespassing," a man's deep rumble came from the balcony. The Com woman smirked, but was smart enough to keep her hands in the air. "Leave now and I won't shoot you." His voice held the bite of a lion Shifter.

Bingo.

I snorted, a little delirious from fatigue. I definitely should have gotten more sleep before entering this house. "I'm your Queen. You'd better not shoot." I paused. "Or threaten me again since it's against the Law, but I'll let that one slide since you're living in plain view in a city full of Coms." Idiot. I didn't say that, but it was definitely implied.

Full on silence, then he replied, "I don't have a Queen." He didn't mention a King.

I sighed. The no fanfare and no party of my crowning didn't help this issue, even though I had appreciated not being made a spectacle of. "I'm Queen Ruckler. Sent to find the next Prodigy." I growled low, letting my wolf take voice, the Com woman's eyes flying wide at hearing the evidence I was, in fact, Mystical. I was done playing nice. I was about ready to drop in exhaustion. "Get your ass down here where I can see you." I let my command unleash.

I heard him grunt, then a tawny-haired brute of a man appeared in the corner of my eye, where he had trekked halfway down the stairs, jerking from the command. He looked thirty-five in Com years, so he had been around for the last war. He knew better than to hide in a place this filled with Coms. I growled in irritation, but he still had the gun in his hand, so I didn't make any sudden movements.

My eyes flashed. "Set the gun down gently."

He did so, even if fighting my command, his eyes narrowed, his hate at being manipulated clear.

"Tell the Com to turn the f**k around so I can disarm her."

"Do it, Mac," he stated instantly. "She's telling the truth. She's not here to harm us."

Beautifully, the Com turned and placed her hands on the door. I moved swiftly, disarming her. Not only did she have a gun at the back of her waistband, but she also had one strapped to her leg. I grunted in approval, even if she wasn't using silver bullets, thinking her only attack would come from Coms when everyone knew the Beasts were out there. "Are you going to behave, Mac?"

Instantly, she nodded.

"Aloud, Mac." I smacked the back of her head. "Are you going to behave?"

Instant. "Yes."

Only partial truth.

I heard the owner sigh even as I quickly debated my option...then I hit her over the head with the butt end of her own gun. I caught her falling form one-armed, my gun instantly altering to the owner. "She was a loose end I don't have time for."

His jaw was clenched. "She's loyal, so please don't kill her."

"I wasn't planning on it." Laying her on the floor, I listened to her heartbeat and felt her head. She had a bit of a goose egg already starting, but she was fine. I sighed, straightening, and rested back against the door, not holstering my weapon because there were other lingering Com scents in the house. "You have a son?" It was a simply asked question, no command in my tone.

He rolled his shoulders, crossing his arms while assessing me. "You don't look like Lily Ruckler." His head cocked at my duffle. "And you've got a live lion in that bag."

My shoulders slumped. I was done playing this game. I took my fake glasses off and pulled the hoodie I was wearing down. I pointed at my brown hair. "It's spelled." I unzipped my bag and pulled Bonnie out from where she had been hiding the majority of the time in the cab. "This is Bonnie. My Vizoac." Hooking her under one arm so I still had my shooting hand free, I explained at his wide gaze as he scented the air. "She's also spelled to look different."

I jostled her. "Speak, Bonnie." She growled, sounding very much like a lion even though it came out of a poodle's mouth. I jostled her again. "Good girl." I cracked my neck. "Now, do you have a son?"

He blinked. "Twins. A son and a daughter."

"Perfect," I grumbled. That meant possibly two brats to cart along on our trip. "Let's see them."

He nodded, gesturing up the stairs, his eyes traveling over my face. "I'm so sorry for-"

"Look, I'm exhausted." I shook my head. "I don't want to hear apologies. All I want to do is my job, and then get us all the f**k out of this Com-infested city." I eyed him as we walked down a thin hallway. "What the hell are you thinking, living here with kids?"

He had stiffened when I had said 'get us all out', and now he straightened even more. "I made it through the last war living in a damn sewer. I won't live like that again." King Cave isn't a sewer, but it isn't this place, and he sure as hell will be living there. "I have Coms that I trust bring food and supplies in and out."

"There's stubborn," I stated. "Then there's stupid stubborn. Do you know which category I would place you in?"

He chuckled, relaxing a little. "I can imagine." He opened a door at the end of the hallway. "They're both in here, taking naps."

Before entering, I sniffed the air and listened. All I heard were two tiny heartbeats, steady breathing, and the ticking of a clock. But I scented... "The room's spelled." My gaze slammed to his.

Cautiously, he nodded. "If you mean them no harm, you can pass."

My nostrils flared, and I nodded, smelling only truth on him. I carefully stepped through the doorway, not getting killed with the spell, which was probably how it was concocted. The lion Shifter followed me in, and I realized I hadn't asked his name, so I did in a whisper.

"Lynn Johnson."

"It's nice to meet you, Mr Johnson. I only wish it was during better times."

He nodded, and then gestured to the left where a tiny female slept on her stomach, her hair orange. "That's Brenna." A hand to the right where a not-so-tiny male - compared to the female - slept on his back, his hair a wild, curly black. "And that's Brann."

"They're twins?" I asked in disbelief, studying their size difference. When Lynn nodded, I grunted, staring at the boy. "He's gonna be big."

Lynn smiled proudly. "He's already a little rascal."

Wonderful. My future may include training a 'rascal'. "Let's see if he's the Prodigy."

I set Bonnie on the floor with a swift order to be quiet and still, fishing for the die in my pocket. I didn't miss how Lynn held his breath, watching me closely. I wasn't sure if he wanted this for his son or not by his expression.

Oh, well, because if it was Brann, it was destined.

I fisted the die, and pulled it out, beginning to slowly open my fingers.

My phone rang, blaring in my other pocket. "Sorry." I fumbled for it as the kids twitched in their sleep. I grabbed it and quickly hit a button, putting it up to my ear and whispering, "Hello?"

"Are you alright? You didn't call and it has been over a half-hour," Ezra rumbled.

On speakerphone.

"Shit," I muttered, yanking the phone away from my ear.

A pause, then Ezra boomed, "Sweetheart? What's wrong?"

I fumbled with the phone, Ezra's voice encompassing the entire room as he ranted in a rising shout, "What's happening? I knew I should have come with you. All those goddamn Elder f**ks probably don't know shit about the spell-"

I found the button and his voice cut off for a second before I held the phone up to my ear. Hearing him work himself into a tizzy, I interjected, saying, "I'm fine." I was pretty sure he didn't hear me because he kept going on. And on. "Ezra." And on. "Ezra!"

He shut up, and I said, "I'm fine. I need to call you back, though."

Silence, then a clipped, "You aren't lying?"

"No. Scout's honor."

He snorted. "Just call me." He hung up.

Rolling my shoulders, I studied my phone, trying to figure out how to put it on vibrate.

"Ezra..." Lynn murmured into the silence, his kids miraculously still sound asleep. "As in, Ezra Zeller, the Prodigy Vampire?"

I nodded, finding what I was looking for. "Well actually, Ezra Zeller, as in, King Zeller now." I pocketed my phone. Time to see if Brann was the brat I wanted. "Okay, let's do this." I glanced at him, ready to gauge his reaction as I again held out my hand with the fisted die.

And froze.

He was giving me a peculiar look.

"What?"

He blinked. "Did he call you sweetheart," a pause, "in the middle of his outburst?"

I blinked this time and couldn't come up with anything adequate in my addled, sleep-deprived mind. "Yeah. I think he did." I shrugged. "I called him an arrogant ass**le a few hours ago."

"Okay." He smiled, which made him even more handsome. "I get it." Approvingly, he nodded with grand motions.

I wasn't sure what he really got, but he wasn't fussing, so I went with it. I raised my eyebrows and nodded, like him, smiling. Then I jerked my head at Brann. "How about we do this?"

His eyes instantly hooded.

Ah. I caught it this time.

He wasn't thrilled.

Too bad.

Slowly, I uncurled my fingers, but the die was only white like before the spell had been cast. "Shit." God, I was definitely off my game. "Mr Johnson, I'm going to need you to take your daughter and drive around the block." My gaze met his, and I saw his nostrils flare. "The spell doesn't work if any other Mystical is nearby, but hopefully if you're a block away, it will." My lips pinched when I could tell he hated the idea. "Look, I'm not here to hurt you or your family. I'm here to find the Prodigy and protect him."

It took five more minutes to convince him, even though he was scenting my truth the entire time. Protective he was, and I didn't disagree with his reasoning, so I didn't push my will on him, convincing him civilly, since I may have to deal with him in the future. I even helpfully carried the unconscious Com out to his car while he carried Brenna's peacefully slumbering form. That wasn't completely selfless, because I really didn't want the Com waking to find me alone in the bedroom with the boy. I had a feeling that after being knocked out, she would shoot first and ask her questions later.

Finally hearing his car pull away, Bonnie and I sat in the middle of the twins' bedroom, the white die in my opened palm. Waiting. A minute later, the die sparked to life, glowing an even brighter black, which pulsed in my hand. I jerked forward, the die literally pulling me toward the bed with the boy. I crawled, luckily already on my knees because the thing suddenly weighed a ton, and my hand hit the mattress. I watched in fascination as the black spark of knowledge beaded out of the die, leaving it white as before, and raised high into the air, floating above the boy's forehead.

It dropped, landing like a blot of ink before disappearing against his skin altogether.

The boy didn't even notice, still snoozing peacefully.

I grinned, even as I felt the Prodigy ring and the Queen ring splitting, separating into two rings, and my eyes turned to Bonnie. "It's him." I tossed my die into the air, catching it with satisfaction at finding my mark. "Stay here and protect him while I wait downstairs for Mr Johnson." I stood, pocketing the white die, Bonnie nimbly jumping onto the edge of the bed. "Don't hurt him if he wakes and tries to pet you."

"I found him," I said over the phone to Ezra. I chewed on my thumbnail, standing in the foyer and waiting for Mr Johnson to return, not really wanting to say the next part, but needing to, so when he met them he didn't react...oddly. It was only now hitting me as the adrenaline from the possibility of danger left my system. I was even feeling an ache inside my chest. "His name's Brann Johnson."

"And?" Ezra asked slowly. "I can tell something's wrong."

I sighed, rubbing at my chest. "He's a twin. A boy and a girl. The girl's name is Brenna." My breath hitched. "They're really cute. Brenna's small with orange hair and Brann's large with black hair." A too-close representation of what our twins could have looked like.

I heard him inhale deeply - the licks just kept on coming - and he stayed silent.

"I just..." I cleared my throat, trying to reign in my emotions. "I just wanted to prepare you." Rubbing my forehead, I sighed, pushing over our past. "At least we can get out of this f**king city tomorrow morning."

"Tomorrow?"

I blinked. "Yes." My forehead furrowed. "Is that a problem?"

He sighed. "No." A pause. "I think I'm going to take a walk. When will you be here?"

I heard the car pulling up. "A walk?" Visions of what his dad had done on his walk bombarded me. "Ezra..." I said softly. "Your dad already took care of your mother's burial wishes."

Dry words. "Sweetheart, Dad told me what he did, so you don't have to sugarcoat it."

"And you're still going walking?" I asked hurriedly, hearing the key jingle in the lock.

"I'm not using the term walking as metaphor for doing something heinous."

The door opened, and I held up a finger to Mr Johnson as he stepped inside and opened his mouth. "Alright. We'll probably be there in a few hours." I turned, whispering, "Be careful out there."

"Always."

I snorted and hung up, turning to face Lynn Johnson. Protective dad. A man who didn't like to be controlled. Yay, me.

Lynn's arms were crossed, his eyebrows lowered even as his nostrils flared. I walked to him and patted his shoulder. "Brann's the new Prodigy." His eyes slowly closed and he dropped his head to rub his forehead. "We need to leave soon. He needs to be kept safe."

"Where?" Lynn whispered.

Good, he wasn't ignorant enough to argue with facts and destiny.

I cleared my throat. "First, we'll be traveling with Elder Zeller, who just recently lost his mate, King Zeller, and Elder Farrar to find the Prodigy Vampire. Once the Vamp child is found, we'll be heading straight to Connecticut. King Cave." When he hunched, I squeezed his shoulder. "It's not a five-star hotel, but it sure as hell beats a sewer." I squeezed again. "It's really not that bad. Most of the Shifters adore it. It has a wonderful forest to run and hunt in. Plus, the entire area's protected."

He tilted his head, one golden eye peeking at me. "You spoke truth."

"I wouldn't lie about that." I knew how Shifters needed their open space. "Now, how long before you and your children are ready?" I paused, and asked very carefully, "And is there a mate we need to call and have return?" There had been too much blood, I could tell from the fading scent, but I needed to double-check.

"I've never mated," Lynn said quietly, turning his face away. "But my wife died in the attacks." He was even more rigid than before. He cleared his throat. "We can be ready in a few hours."

"You aren't going to run from me?" I had to ask, scenting the air.

"No," he said softly. Truth.

I pulled the Prodigy ring off my pinkie. "The ring's now your son's until he passes it to the next Prodigy. Tell him to keep it on him always when he's old enough."

He stared at it before fisting it, and nodded.

Duty f**king done.

It was my damn luck Brenna had taken a shine to me since the scowling Com had brought her inside. The tiny monster wasn't such a damn monster, as I discovered over the next hour, even though she made a bad habit of clinging to me. It was hard enough to keep a firm grip on my emotions, just seeing her cute face, but add in the fact that she was like a damn monkey on me, holding tight around my neck as she talked about everything she looked at, giving me a tour of her house...well, by the time we arrived via Lynn's SUV at the vacant house, parking around back where no one from the street could see us, I was ready to sit down and bawl. The only thing keeping me from doing so was Brann's sly antics for antagonizing his sister. A 'rascal', he most definitely was.

"The place is empty," I told Lynn quietly, lifting some of his bags over my shoulders before Brenna managed to jump on my leg, demanding to be picked up. "I hope you brought a few toys so the kids will be entertained tonight."

Lynn evaluated the house, his eyes assessing as he shouldered a few of his own bags. "Why not a hotel?" A snob, he also was.

"We ran into trouble last night," I whispered, picking Brenna up. "That's all you need to know."

His lips pinched, but he nodded once. "Here, let me take one of those bags if you're going to carry her." He lifted one of the many from my shoulders, and for the first time, I think he actually looked at me...well, like a man notices a woman. Not as someone barging into his house, turning his world upside down. His head cocked, and he touched my glasses softly. "You look better without these. They hide your features." He was almost shy in his flirting, which was actually a bit endearing, really.

But it was time to cut that off. "That's the point, Mr Johnson." My eyebrows rose as I hefted Brenna higher on my hip, my tone pure business. "Shall we get inside?"

His lips lifted on one side. "Sorry, I'm a little out of practice detecting if someone's interested in me."

I did smile then. "No worries. Let's just get the rest of the bags and get in the house."

I felt a swift breeze, and Ezra was suddenly resting a shoulder against the side of the SUV, standing directly next to Lynn. I blinked even as Lynn's lion growled quietly, startled. And quickly averted my gaze to the bags in the back of the SUV, because all Ezra was wearing was a pair of black soft leather pants. That was it. Well, that and the black knit cap, his brown hair peeking out. Looking f-i-n-e as hell. "Mr Johnson, this is King Zeller."

Lynn's growl cut off instantly as I lifted another bag out of the car with my free hand. I watched from the corner of my eye as Lynn studied him. Gradually, he stuck out his hand. "It's a pleasure to meet you, King Zeller."

"Pleasure's all mine, Mr Johnson," Ezra drawled, pushing off the side of the SUV, and just as slowly extended his hand, shaking Lynn's. "I understand Queen Ruckler's named your son the next Prodigy Shifter."

Again, Lynn's mouth pinched in dissatisfaction. "Yes." He took his hand back.

Ezra's lips twitched. "There are worse things to be."

"Like?"

Ezra took the bag I had in my hand, hooking it over his shoulder. "Dead, for one."

Lynn blinked, and then rumbled with a deep chuckle. "Well, yes, that would be worse."

Ezra's eyes met mine, darting back and forth, his nostrils flaring, and then his gaze zeroed in on the girl in my arms, who was glancing around with wide eyes. "This is Brenna?" His voice was quiet.

"Yes," Lynn stated, smiling and lifting a hand to ruffle her orange hair. "Brann's still in the car, probably mad because his sister has already figured out how to unbuckle her child restraint belt and he hasn't."

Ezra's head cocked. "She's scared." His lifted a finger, hovering it right in front of her forehead, and glanced at Lynn. "May I calm her?"

Lynn's eyebrows came together, and he stared at Ezra's finger, even taking a step closer to me and Brenna, but finally, he nodded.

Ezra's eyes flashed and he gently touched Brenna's head.

She damn near broke my heart when she sighed and grinned greatly. "T'ank you."

Ezra's resulting smile was sad. "You're welcome." His eyes flashed again, and his finger gently brushed my arm. Instantly, I felt soothing peace - my shoulders relaxing - which lingered even when he took his finger away to point at the SUV, asking Lynn, "May I get Brann?"

Lynn nodded slowly. "That would be fine."

Ezra nodded once before grabbing a few more bags from the back, then headed around the side of the SUV to open the door.

"Like him, Daddy," Brenna whispered.

Lynn's eyes darted to mine, then down to hers. "Yes, he was very kind to you." His eyes went to my arm, then back to mine. "And you."

I smiled, saying elusively, "Just because he's a Vampire, doesn't mean he's cruel."

Lynn blinked. "That wasn't what I meant."

I swallowed, glancing at the house and figuring I needed to quit being so defensive. Not everyone thought Ezra and I were together. Lynn had only been stating fact. "Of course not. I'm sorry for assuming."

"Not a problem." He grabbed the last bag and shut the door. "But you should know up front, since we will be dealing with each other, I'm not an unkind man. Only a little set in my ways."

"I understand that," I murmured, watching Ezra move around the back of the car while he held a scowling Brann in his arms. I nodded toward the curly-haired cutie, saying to Ezra, "He's big, huh?"

Ezra's smile was still sad, but it also held amazement as he turned his attention to Lynn. "Are you sure they're twins?"

Brann pointed a finger at Brenna. "Hate you." He really was upset about the seatbelt.

Brenna stuck her tongue out at him, but grinned like the devil afterward.

"Yes, they're twins." His chest was all puffed. "Brann was born two minutes before Brenna."

"Well," Ezra lifted Brann so he was staring him directly in the eye, "I do believe Queen Ruckler is going to have her hands full with you."

Lord help me, Brann slowly grinned, chuckling quietly.

Ezra watched, then his gaze met mine, one eyebrow leisurely lifting, and snickered.

"I don't want to hear it," I muttered, already having seen Brann's devious antics when his dad wasn't watching. "All I have to say is...first ever female Prodigy Vampire."

Ezra grunted, placing Brann back on his hip. "Don't remind me." He tilted his head at the house. "Let's get inside." I didn't miss how he maneuvered so he was walking between Lynn and me. He glanced my way. "I need to talk with you once they're settled."

My eyebrows puckered. "Alright." I wasn't sure what that was about, but his expression was serious. "It shouldn't take too long to find a bedroom for them."

Chapter Twenty-Two

It had taken a bit longer to have that talk with Ezra than we had planned, since he had wanted us to leave the house to have it, so it was dark by the time I burrowed Lynn's SUV. When we had first entered, we had mutually - silently - agreed to sidestep Elder Zeller since he was still standing in front of the window, but this time holding a bottle of whiskey, which was half gone. Lynn hadn't said anything, but he must have remembered I had told him Cahal had recently lost his mate because all he had done was lower his eyes and follow us upstairs.

It had been Brann and Brenna who had kept us there, running about, exploring the vacated home. You would think little monsters wouldn't be able to hide in a home that had no furniture and was stripped bare, but together they had somehow managed it. There had been one particularly high point when we had caught them playing with their tiny cars on top of Antonio's still-slumbering form. Lynn had been, for the most part, horrified, apparently deducing who Antonio was, but Ezra and I had only lifted the kids and gotten them out of the room before Lynn had a complete meltdown.

I was now driving us down the town's main strip with the plan to pick up dinner for everyone, while Ezra sat silent on the passenger's seat even though he had wanted to talk. "So," I finally relented and broke the silence, "what did you want to speak to me about?"

And, holy f**king shit, he just blurted, "Will you marry me?"

Surprised didn't even explain what jolted through my system. More like utter and complete astonishment. I physically jerked, the SUV also swerving with my motion, and Ezra's hand blurred, reaching over to grab the wheel and right our direction before I plowed into a van. "Did you...," I blubbered, gripping the wheel tight to keep it straight on the road, my eyes darting back and forth between him and the street, "Did...did you...I..." I swallowed hard, trying to breathe normally, my heartbeat racing like mad when he only stared at me, not taking his words back. "Did...did you just ask me to marry you?"

He held his hands up. "Just hold on and hear me out before you answer." He was scrutinizing me like someone might watch a cagey animal. "First, I'm not asking because my mother was killed yesterday, and I'm looking at life like it's too short to waste, although, that reasoning is true, just not because I lost my mother. I had planned to ask you that night after we left the ice-cream parlor. Remember I had told you I wanted you in a good mood to ask you something?"

I blinked, gulping in air, swallowing hard as my thoughts swam in a million different directions, but I did remember him saying that right before Antonio had his vision, so I bobbed my head, an odd sound making its way out of my throat.

Confusion. Fear. Shock. Surprise.

All of these emotions were slamming at me, and not to mention I also felt...thrilled.

Fuck, I was a mess.

He gestured around us. "Well, when we figured out we were going to stay in Vegas, where there's a chapel on every damn corner, it reminded me of some friends I used to know, and I didn't think there would be another opportunity like this for us, with the war approaching."

I blinked, and amazingly, yet another new emotion swamped me. Upset. I was damn upset. "You want to marry me right now because it's convenient?"

He stilled, and then shook his head hard. "Shit, that didn't come out right." He sighed, rubbing a hand over his face. "Can you find a place to park?"

My lips pinched as I was still feeling hurt, but I did find a restaurant to park in. I took my seatbelt off and turned to face him. His lips were lifted slightly as he stared at me, even though his eyes held that vulnerable cast I had seen in the parlor before everything went to hell. He leaned over and pushed my glasses up on my nose when they slipped. "I don't want to marry you because we're in a convenient location." He gestured to a cute white chapel I hadn't even noticed across the street. "If you say yes, we won't be married in a Com chapel. It'll be done secretly and legally by Mysticals who are friends of mine, per our traditions. Plus, their expedients will be faster."

Oh...duh. Again, Com-thinking in action.

He took his glasses off and rubbed his eyes. "And, in all honesty, this isn't a convenient time for me. I did just lose my mother, and I would much rather be feeling what I felt before her death than what I am right now." He slipped the glasses back on and stared me in the eyes. "I love you. You are who I want to spend the rest of my life with. I was scared at first, but once I got over that hump, I could see what a f**king idiot I was not to push for us to be a couple before. I'm seeing clearly now. You are who I want, so now I'm going to push as I should have before."

Slowly, he lifted my trembling hand from my leg, holding it tightly. "I want to fall asleep next to you every night even when you're cranky. I want to wake up next to you every morning even when I'm grumpy. I love the fact that when you snore it sounds a little like your wolf. I love that your mind is just as scheming as mine. I love the tiny smile you show only me after we've made love. I love the compassion you show to your subjects when other Rulers wouldn't, but at the same time your intelligence and determination when you know you can't. I love how loyal you are to those you love. And when it's time to have children, you're the one I want to have them with."

His nostrils flared, his grip tightening on my hand. "There's so much more I could go on about, but the fact is, I want to marry you. I want to be yours completely and forever and I want you to be mine completely and forever." He bit his lip, something I had never seen him do, his eyes dancing back and forth between mine. "Please say you'll marry me?"

My heart had just about melted when he began talking so earnestly, his words so humbly honest. I was watching him put himself out there - and he was scared, I could see it in the way the normally unbreakable man's leg was bouncing up and down nervously, in his slightly sweating palm even if his grip was firm, and in the way his heartbeat was thumping faster than a locomotive. He had put his heart on the line. Tossing it to me and praying I wouldn't break it. "You need to calm down," I whispered, tears slipping from my eyes. "It's killing me seeing you like this."

He exhaled heavily, the sound explosive. "That wasn't an answer, sweetheart."

My eyes widened. Dear Lord. I had thought I had said yes a hundred times already. "Yes." Fuck yes. He was who I wanted for every goddamn reason he had said about me, and then a billion more. My heart was his. "Baby, I'm yours. You should know this already. You only surprised me with the question."

I shook my head, tears still tracking down my cheeks in pure happiness. "Well, I was shocked and scared, too, because of who we are. I never even considered marriage for us. I thought we would have to live as we were, without the option, and be content with it, but that was stupid. There's no reason we can't marry if you have ways to keep this quiet." I leaned over, wrapping my arms around his neck. "Ezra, I'm yours. I'll marry you every damn day for the rest of our lives if that's what it takes to keep you."

Tilting his head back, his grin was enormous, his teeth flashing white in the dark, as he cupped my cheeks. "I'm sure once will be enough." He softly nipped my bottom lip. "You're mine, sweetheart."

I nipped his lip back. "And you're mine."

After hurriedly finding food and flashlights for the vacant house's occupants and dropping them off there with a vague excuse of us needing to leave again, Ezra gave me directions he read from a text message. Apparently, during his walk today, he had contacted friends via phone who he had known had lived here at one point, after he had run by their old living quarters downtown and seen they were no longer there.

His friends were obviously more cautious - smarter - than Lynn Johnson, telling by the scenery we were passing. Wherever they now lived, it was in the boonies. There was nothing out here except for sand, cacti, tumbleweeds, and a crescent moon that dimly lit our way. Finally, another half-hour later, Ezra pointed to a road I probably would have missed, the only thing even showcasing it even was a road were two tiny red reflective plastic circles stabbed down into the earth on either side of the 'driveway', maybe an inch from the ground.

Turning down the long road - still no house in sight - I carefully asked, "Anything I should know about these people?"

"Nothing like you're thinking," Ezra murmured, dialing a few numbers on his cell. "They're good people even if a bit," he placed the cell to his ear, "flamboyant." His eyes met mine briefly before turning back to the road. "And don't be surprised if you see drugs being used."

Then he stopped talking to me as the person he was calling answered. "Judge! It's Ezra. How are you, man?" He paused, chuckling softly. "Yes, Jury told you right. I'm going to be using your mad skills to get married tonight." A pause. "No, I'm not crazy." Another pause. "No, I don't need a bachelor party."

I bristled, glancing at him, my grip tightening on the wheel.

Ezra's lips twitched, catching whatever expression I wore. "Judge, she's hearing everything I'm saying, and I'd rather not piss her off and have a runaway bride on my hands." A longer pause, then Ezra turned a little on his seat toward the window, whispering, "Seriously, Judge. Don't even think about it. If you've really planned something, get them the f**k out-" He stopped talking...because I slammed on the brakes and jerked the phone from his hand.

"Judge?" I asked into the receiver, damn near on the verge of violence.

Ezra was bright enough not to grab the phone back. He sat quiet. Really, he didn't move...or breathe. God love an intelligent man.

A chuckle echoed over the line. "You must be the soon-to-be Mrs Ezra Zeller."

"Actually, I'm Queen f**king Ruckler," I let a bit of my growl enter my tone, "and soon-to-be wife of King f**king Zeller, but since that's a bit of a mouthful, and you've apparently already taken the names Judge and Jury, I'll go with your festive streak and let you call me...Executioner." Oh, the irony. I growled low, my eyes flashing into the night. "And you're going to get a front row seat to just what the Executioner does if I see one damn naked woman when we get there." I paused. "Are you feeling me, Judge?"

There was an extended pause over the line, then booming laughter. "Oh, f**k. That's perfect." More laughter as he mumbled, "I'm feeling you. No naked women will be in...sight. Now, can I talk to my man?"

My wolf growled. "My man."

A gurgled chuckle. "Alright, can I talk to the apparently newly crowned King Zeller?"

I turned my glare on Ezra, holding out the phone to him. "I'll kill him if he's lying."

Ezra studiously nodded, carefully taking his phone back. He leaned over just as slowly, kissing my cheek. "Calm down, sweetheart, because even if they can't get rid of all the strippers, you're the only woman I'll be looking at."

I blinked. All of them? He said it like it was a freaking shitload, not the one - or two - I had been visualizing. But, of course, who could see Ezra Zeller having only one or two strippers at his bachelor party? Naive, I was currently being, and I wasn't about to voice it.

Jerkily, I put the SUV back into gear and continued down the road. A soft growl permanently vibrated in my chest and possessive anger oozed from my very being, even as Ezra ran his hand up and down my leg in repetitive soothing motions.

Holding the phone up to his ear, Ezra stated severely, "You pissed her off, Judge." There was a lengthy pause. "Yes to all questions, and I suggest you do as she said unless you want your head ripped off," yes, it would be, "because she wasn't kidding. We're almost there, I can see the house ahead," uh, I couldn't, "so I need to try to fix your damn mistake." He snapped his phone shut.

Instantly he leaned over, nuzzling at my neck and purring, "Sweetheart, you know-"

I lifted a stopping hand. "Shut it. I'll calm down better if you don't try to placate me." I wiggled my shoulder, dislodging his face from my neck. "So back off."

"No," he stated brusquely, grabbing the other side of my neck, keeping his face flush against my skin and placing hot kisses across it. "We're getting married and I don't want you jealous or upset." Soft nibbles on my earlobe. "I'm yours, sweetheart. I don't give a shit about any woman except you. I didn't ask for them to plan something, nor do I want it." Said earlobe was gently sucked into his warm mouth. "All I want is you."

Truth. All of it.

That quickly, I felt my wolf recede, possessive anger slowly dissipating at his honest words and his gentle petting. I tilted my head to give him better access, finally seeing lights ahead, even as I mumbled, "If there's any T and A in view, you had better," I cleared my throat as his knuckles brushed my collarbone, his lips beginning to suckle at my neck, "keep your eyes averted if you're wanting to keep them."

"I like my eyes right where they are." He sighed softly. "On the woman I'm going to spend the rest of my life with."

Ah, now that was just sweet. "Alright, alright. I'm not mad anymore."

"Hmm?" His lips still played at my neck. "I know."

A soft giggle left my throat as he continued his exploration of my neck. "God, I love you."

The house I pulled up in front of reminded me of an igloo mansion, but it appeared made of sand instead of ice, and had large windows placed sporadically with red or gold lighting pouring from them. I parked in the circular 'drive' instead of going around the extensive front to the back where I saw another road lead and was probably where they parked their cars normally. Exiting the SUV, I sniffed the air, scenting the sizzle of Mage magic, a few Shifters' scents, and a whole helping of marijuana. My ears were attacked by loud music, proving that this home placed in the middle of f**king nowhere was an excellent pick. It also told me this was a refuge of sorts for a variety of Mysticals, because there were too many intermingled scents for a simple home dwelling.

"On my walk today I got these in case you said yes," Ezra said softly when I moved around the SUV to stand next to him. He handed me two small velvet boxes. "We can wear them on our thumbs, and no one will know what they are except us." He placed his hand on my back as we moved toward the front door, guiding me as I opened them. "They're not diamond, but I think you'll understand."

I smiled as I stared down at two plain rings, their bands thick. One was black on the top and on the inside, and the other was black on the outside while the inside was red. I pointed to the red and black one. "This is the one I'll wear?" He nodded, stopping us at the front door. "They're perfect." And really, they were. They would signify who the partner was, but still remain secret to any who looked at the rings, Ezra's only looking like a normal piece of black jewellery, same as mine.

"There's an inscription," he mumbled, his jaw quickly clenching. "It's the same on both."

Again, he was breaking my damn heart as his unexpected bashfulness flared. I took his out, tilting it under the bright lighting of a window next to the door. It read: The Beauty Is Found. Okay, so I sniffled a few times. I clutched the ring in my trembling hand, peering up at him. "I love it." I lifted on tiptoe, kissing his jaw. "Thank you."

"Promise? I know the rings aren't what a woman-"

I covered his mouth with my hand, stopping his nervous babbling. "They're just what I would want. I swear."

I felt him grin behind my hand, and I lowered it when he leaned down, still grinning like a fiend, to whisper, "Once Elder Farrar wakes up, see if he can spell yours to allow you to shift while wearing it."

My eyebrows rose. "Excellent idea." My Queen ring was spelled that way.

He pulled me close, his warmth wrapping around me as he lightly kissed my neck...and bit. "I don't want you to ever take it off."

"You know I won't," I murmured, tilting my head to kiss his lips softly.

The front door swung open and, startled, Ezra and I pulled our mouths away from each other. There stood a handsome Mage, about our age and wearing a shit-eating grin, staring at us. He wore a white linen shirt and pants, his feet bare. He tilted his head to the side, taking a drag off a joint, and smiled around the smoke as he blew it above our heads, murmuring, "By God, it's f**king true." His gaze roamed up and down my frame before returning to Ezra. "Holy shit, the King Vampire is marrying the Queen Shifter." If possible, his grin only increased. "And I'm going to be the one doing the ceremony." He chuckled, nodding. "Fuck, yes. I'm loving it," his eyes swung to Ezra, "and now I understand why Jury said you wanted it quiet and a memory spell done afterward." And yet, he was still grinning.

Ezra released me for all of a second to give the Mage a manly hug in greeting before his arm circled my waist, pulling me close. "Judge, this is Queen Ruckler."

I had already guessed as much.

He grinned, his eyes narrowing slightly as they met mine. "I believe she wants to be called Executioner." Again, his gaze ran up and down me as he took another drag. "Sure you can hold up to the title?"

He had balls. As long as there weren't a mess full of nudist inside, I decided I kind of liked the man. I held out my hand, lifting my lips in a friendly manner, yet giving them a slightly brutal touch. "I think I can handle it." He took my offered hand, shaking it firmly. "It's nice to meet you, Judge."

"Oh, no. Believe me, this pleasure is all mine." He opened the door wider when a Vamp, who was only about five feet, nine inches tall blurred to his side, nodding her head while appearing out of breath. "I believe Jury has taken care of your instructions, so it's safe for you two to enter."

My lips twitched. "Thank you."

We stepped inside.

The rings fit our right thumbs perfectly. The grin on my face couldn't be wiped away for anything, and I was thrilled to see that Ezra was smiling just as goofily as I was, setting aside his loss to be just as blissful as I was for our wedding. We stood in a study remarkably like Antonio's, the room golden with an added silencing protection spell shimmering on the walls. We had been led down a deserted hall, given white robes to change into, and then brought into this room, no one else in sight except for Judge and Jury. And I was floating on pure joy, even though I had to focus somewhat while being coached by Ezra, since I had never been to a Mystical wedding before, the traditional wedding process slightly varying from a Com's.

But throughout the entire wedding progression, Judge conducting it and Jury filming it per our earlier request, all I could think was that I was marrying the man I loved. The man my heart and mind chose without an ounce of magic.

We were crazy perfect for each other. Simply, we fit.

"I love you," I mouthed, love pouring through my veins like an elixir.

Ezra's eyes crinkled, he was smiling so blindingly, and he mouthed, "I love you, too."

"I now pronounce you husband and wife," Judge said quietly. "You may now kiss your bride."

Ezra hummed softly, "I don't mind if I do."

"And I don't mind if you do," I whispered.

Ezra surprised me, though, lifting me straight off my feet. I squealed like a girl, wrapping my arms around his neck. Lips hovering in front of mine, his Vampire riding his voice hard, he purred, "Wife."

A soft moan escaped as his lips found mine, our mouths moving together possessively. Spicy heat transfused my senses as our tongues collided, gliding together sensually in blatant ownership of each other's mouths, but at the same time, I didn't even need to have a Vampire's senses to feel the pure adoration and love pouring off the two of us through our embrace. It practically filled the room, our emotions so potent they made me dizzy. My wolf rode my own voice, albeit a bit breathless when we eventually pulled apart, as I whispered, "Husband."

Our eyes were glowing fiercely as they met.

We were married.

Filling out all the paperwork was a bit ridiculous. There was a damn form for everything. Cahal had already called, checking to make sure we were alright, but chiefly to complain because Brann and Brenna were starting to get restless in the strange, dark house, wanting to see us before they obeyed their father and laid down for bed. Both Ezra and I were feeling guilty, leaving his dad there as he was to handle them, so Ezra had both Judge and Jury working to finish this up, no time for celebration.

I had also tried to hide my middle name when I was signing the paperwork in front of him, the God-awful name that it was, but he had seen it and choked on his coffee, which Jury had brought in earlier. "Not one word. I plan to legally change it to Zeller later, and if you want that, then I would suggest you not make a comment." I wouldn't be able to take his last name, and he knew it. I could just imagine a Shifter asking me if I was Queen Ruckler, and I saying yes, but the Shifter smelling the lie. It couldn't happen.

And it wasn't my fault my mom had been so doped on Mys pain meds after my birth that she'd spelled my middle name wrong. It was supposed to be my grandmother's maiden name. Shiltz. But she had left out the 'l', making it Shitz. Nice.

Ezra's lips trembled as he stared between my face and the piece of paper I had just signed, but in the end he kept his trap shut...like a good husband. Of course, I already knew his middle name, which was Cahal after his dad, but now he knew why I had never mentioned mine to him. I still glared when he stoically signed his name underneath mine. He raised an eyebrow, lips pinched. "I didn't say anything."

I sighed, handing the sheet over. "You didn't have to. It's written all over your face."

He made an odd gurgling noise, but luckily for him, he still didn't say a word.

As did Judge, who blinked at the sheet in his hand. Stared. His lips twitched, but no comment was forthcoming, even as stoned as he was, which was damn remarkable. He then glowed golden, disappearing with our paperwork and taking it himself to wherever Mysticals turned in their paperwork for marriages so it would be kept quiet without passing through the hands of anyone else who would see our names together.

During the lull, I ran my hand ran up and down Ezra's thigh. We had changed back into our normal street clothes. It was soft leather over heated skin I was touching. "Maybe I should have Jury take a picture of us, so I'll have a photo of you in these pants." Mmm. I grinned as Jury rushed out of the room, not even needing to be really asked, quite the dutiful assistant. We had the DVD of our wedding in hand, but I wanted a picture. "Where did you get them?"

He rested back further on his chair, spreading his legs wide. "I borrowed them from a store."

I laughed outright. "Borrowed?"

"Indefinitely, naturally," he murmured, lighting a cigarette and smirking. "So, you do like them? You haven't said anything yet."

I leaned over and stroked his lips with mine a touch hungrily, tasting spice and tobacco. "Uh-huh. They hug your ass perfectly." And, dear merciful heavens, did they. And said ass was mine. My wolf growled a little.

Ezra's chuckle vibrated against my lips. "I'll have to borrow a few more if they make you react like this all the time."

Ignoring the fact I was panting a bit, I nipped his lip. "Promise?"

"Oh, yes," he whispered, eyes roaming my face, flaring with heat. "Most definitely."

Jury took two pictures for us. A close-up and one at a distance - to get his pants in the picture - then she quickly scanned them, printed the shots, and deleted the images from the memory card. Judge reappeared right about that time, grinning like the devil as he waggled the copy of our official marriage certificate in his hand. All went into an envelope - marriage certificate, pictures, DVD - that we addressed to the spelled PO Box I had in New York, since it wasn't safe to cart items like these around, risking being caught. Ezra had surprised me initially by mentioning the PO Box when I had sat stumped after they had asked for an address, apparently he having memorized the list I had given him about all my hideaways worldwide, but it was genius. So after we watched Judge physically sigh in resignation, his fun done before completing the memory spell on both himself and Jury, we left the house unnoticed, both Judge and Jury snoozing and completely oblivious to the events that had taken place in the study. We had our stamped envelope, our rings, and a life together ahead of us.

"You're so mine, wife," Ezra rumbled against my ear, holding me from behind as I unlocked Lynn's SUV.

"Yes, I am," I purred, turning my head to kiss his bristly cheek. "And you're so mine, husband."

"Mmm." He nuzzled against my neck, growling softly, "Yes, I am most definitely yours."

Chapter Twenty-Three

Dropping off the envelope at the post office took hardly any extra time since there was one close to the vacant house. Upon entering said house, we quickly jetted past Cahal, who had a brand new bottle of whiskey in his hand - the other empty by his feet - while he growled a little under his breath at us. We headed straight for the room where we could hear Brenna and Brann still up and playing, even though it was close to midnight. Lynn was half passed out, completely exhausted, and we took a few minutes to quiet Brenna and Brann, only leaving the room when their breathing evened out, their eyes closed, tucked next to each other under a sleeping bag Lynn had been quick enough to pack.

After shutting the door quietly behind us, Ezra moved swiftly, backing me into the far bedroom. I grinned, but I placed a gentle hand against his arm as he shut and locked the door behind us. "Ezra, I understand if you don't want to do this right now." I turned his face toward me when he froze. "Other than the fact your father will be able to hear every damn thing happening in here," in the other hotels, we had made sure to get rooms far away from his parents, "you've had two very...trying...days. We can just rest." I stroked his clenched jaw. "I know you feel like you should, but we don't have to." It wasn't like we had to legally consummate the marriage after the ceremony. It was only tradition, Judge had whispered to me earlier when he had realized I didn't know everything about Mystical weddings.

I saw his lips thin in the dark bedroom that was barely lit by the streetlight shining through the lone window. He turned, pulling my front flush against his chest. His warmth surrounded me. "I want to." There was a bit of desperation to his tone, truth his scent. "And we can be quiet."

My gaze darted back and forth between his. He was hurting and hiding it damn well, but more than likely re-entering this house had made his anguish resurface, decent thoughts gone. I nodded slowly. "Whatever you need." In the next second, the way his mouth attacked mine, and later the quiet but extensive lovemaking session, told me just how much he needed to forget, to be soothed, and I helped by loving him physically and mentally, giving him all that he needed.

A scream brought me awake.

I sat up, pulling away from Ezra, who also shot up a second later, both of us sitting in silence with our heartbeats already thumping rapidly. The scream came again, and I was instantly on my feet finding the first shirt I could to put on. "It's Antonio." His scream was one of pain.

Ezra was already stuffing his legs into his pants. "I got that."

Grabbing my gun from the ground, fear consuming me, I raced out the door, scenting the air as I went, while Ezra blurred past me into the room where Antonio had been sleeping. Lynn exited his own room, closing the door behind him, gun in hand and eyes glowing just as I turned into the bedroom. I stopped dead, eyes assessing as Lynn followed me in.

It was the barest breath. "What's going on?" I couldn't understand what I was seeing.

Cahal was sitting on the floor, back to a wall, holding Antonio's back to his chest with his arms tight around Antonio's middle, trapping Antonio's arms. Cahal's legs were wrapped around Antonio's while Antonio arched against him, drying blood running down the side of his face, his eyes glowing brightly and another shout falling from his mouth as he fought inside Cahal's hold. There was the scent in the air of plenty of blood, and dark splatters of blood all along one of the walls, each area rounded and curved into the sheet rock as if Antonio's head had gone through it repeatedly. The bottle of whiskey was spilled next to them as Cahal grunted when Antonio twisted enough to sink his teeth into Cahal's shoulder, more blood scenting in the air...then Antonio began banging his forehead against Cahal's shoulder. Hard. Cahal's hands and legs blurred and he instantly had Antonio flat on his stomach, holding Antonio's head, shouting, "Get his f**king book!"

Ezra ran a hand over his face, eyes wide, but nodded, blurring out of the room only to return a heartbeat later with Antonio's bag in hand. He held it while I holstered my gun, and shock and worry ate at me so much my hands shook as I unzipped the bag, listening to Antonio scream in endless pain. Curses flew past my lips when I didn't find it immediately. Of course he would hide the damn thing at the bottom. Finally having it in hand, I dropped to my knees next to Antonio's sweat and blood covered face, which was being restrained by Cahal so he didn't continue to bash his head against anything.

"Antonio," I yelled, placing the book in front of his face. "I've got your book." He continued shouting and a large part of my heart broke, seeing a part of him I never had before. Seeing a part of him he had hidden from me all these damn years. My eyes instantly welled as he continued struggling and screaming, tears quickly tumbling down my cheeks. I dropped the book in front of him and pressed my forehead against his, holding his cheeks on either side, whispering, "Dad...," I choked, calling him for the first time ever what he had always been to me, between his cries, "Daddy...please stop. I've got your book."

Suddenly, there was silence so loud it seemed to echo with its intensity.

His flaring golden eyes blinked. "Lil?"

I sucked in a breath, my chest heaving, and my voice trembled, "Dad, I've got your book."

His face scrunched further in pain as he whispered, "I need it."

"Okay," I nodded, taking a hand off his cheek, grabbing the book and holding it so he could see it. "It's right here."

"Pen," he murmured, sounding like he was gurgling on agony, his breathing hitching.

"Ezra?" I asked hurriedly.

"I'm on it," Ezra stated before I felt a brush of wind against my back.

My lips trembled as I stared at Antonio. "You scared me."

He grunted, again that odd gurgling noise making its way from his throat. "Leave."

"No," I grated low, leveling my eyes with his. "You hid this from me." My forehead banged against his. "How could you hide this from me?" Tears fell in a torrent again when he couldn't answer me, biting his lip so hard it bled, and I sobbed, "God, I'm so mad at you."

Again the choking noise as I felt wind whip at my back. "Love you." He gasped hard. "Please leave."

"Here," Ezra whispered, placing the pen on the ground between our faces. He grabbed my shoulder, tilting me away from Antonio. "He doesn't want you here for this." He tried pulling me away as Cahal started moving Antonio. "Come on, sweetheart."

"No, goddamn it!" I shouted, brushing his hand away and quickly grabbing the book and pen, getting on my knees, and holding them out when Cahal had his back against the wall again to restrain Antonio when he bucked. "Here," I grabbed one of Antonio's hands, placing his needed items there, "Here's your book and pen."

He was trembling inside Cahal's hold, but he calmed some and automatically began flipping through pages like a madman, intermingling this with thumping his head back against Cahal's shoulder hard enough to break bones. But he still gritted through his teeth, "Get her out, Ezra."

I shouted when I felt a rush of wind, instantly being carried outside like a child so fast that my head spun. Sobs racked my body, but I fought only half-heartedly when I was tossed onto the back seat of the Hummer with a restraining Vampire husband on top of me. I now knew why Antonio didn't want me seeing this, his weakness, his frailty. He had said why.

It was because he loved me so much. As a parent. No parent wants to appear weak or to scare their child. That was why I eventually succumbed to Ezra's quiet soothing, even though my heart ached, and let my tears take me under.

Entering the vacated house as the sun broke over the horizon, I felt as if a sledgehammer had been beating me repeatedly throughout the night. I wobbled enough that Ezra had to keep an arm around me so I didn't fall, and when we found Lynn upstairs sitting outside his door with his head back, appearing just as beaten as I felt, I knew instantly he had been there all night. We stopped next to him.

I asked softly, "You waited to see if Elder Zeller needed help with Elder Farrar?"

"Yes." His face was carefully blank. "Elder Farrar didn't...calm...until an hour ago." When my breathing hitched at his words, he eyed me. "I heard you say he's your father?"

"Yes. He helped raise me, along with my biological mother."

"Ah." Behind hooded lashes, his eyes flittered back and forth between Ezra and me, finally landing on Ezra. "King Zeller, you may want to take a shower before you interact with another Shifter. The scent isn't as strong as it was last night, but it's still noticeable." When we stilled at his comment, both of us forgetting about my sexual scent being all over Ezra, Lynn stood, cracking his back, and switched topics altogether. "What time are we leaving today?"

Ezra and I stood there for a few beats trying to catch up with the fact he wasn't throwing a fit at knowing the King Vampire and Queen Shifter were sleeping together. Ezra cleared his throat as he maneuvered us so he was between Lynn and me, eyes hard on him. "You aren't..." He left it unsaid.

Lynn actually chuckled. "Stupid enough to rat out the King Vampire and my Queen?" He shook his head. "No, I'm not. I'd like to live long enough to watch my children grow old."

Truth.

Maybe Lynn Johnson wasn't as stupid as I had originally thought him to be.

I cleared my throat this time. "We'll be leaving in under an hour." We needed to get on the road. "We'll get breakfast on the way."

He nodded and silently went into his room.

I patted Ezra's chest. "I can take it from here. You'd better go take that shower."

Warm hands cupped my cheeks, green eyes intent on mine. "You'll be fine until I get back?"

My smile was a little forced. "I can manage." I swatted his rear. "Go and hurry back."

I was folding items and then stuffing them roughly into my duffle when I scented Antonio behind me. "You should have told me." A shirt fell out and I began refolding it. "I wouldn't have been so damn upset last night if you had given me a little warning about your gift."

A snort behind me. "Curse, more like."

I jammed my shirt into my duffle. "I'm pissed, Antonio."

"I understand," he said softly, placing gentle hands on my shoulders. "Although, one good thing did happen from it."

"What?" I snipped, zipping my bag with almost enough vigor to rip it.

Soft words. "You finally called me dad."

My damn eyes welled again, and my chin trembled. "Of course, you're my dad." I swiped a few tears away, only to have my throat burn and nose clog. I tried to hold it in before I completely lost it, but my body racked with sobs as I turned and threw my arms around his middle, stuffing my face against his chest. "You scared me."

"I know, Lil." He held me tight, kissing my head softly. "I know and I'm sorry." He rested his head on top of mine, rubbing my back as I bawled like the frightened child I was at that moment. "I never wanted you to see that. I'm so sorry."

My breathing hiccupped, my chin wobbling uncontrollably, as I let out a keening cry, "I didn't know what to do!"

"Shh." He held me tighter. "You were perfect. You did exactly what I needed." He was practically crushing me, which I needed, my body was quaking so badly. "It isn't normally that bad, I promise. Only when I have longer, more powerful visions do they affect me like that." I hugged him snugger while he continued soothing me. "It's usually more of a headache, that's all, Lil. I swear." He cursed quietly, holding the back of my head. "God, I'm sorry you had to see that."

Eventually my sobs quieted as he held me, and I sniffed hard, rubbing the back of my hand under my nose, half proud I didn't use my shirt sleeve. I felt like half a child, lost in my worry for him, and half an adult, pissed he hadn't informed me of his gift's conditions. I tilted back, thumping his chest with my fist. "Don't hide things like this from me. I don't handle shit like this well."

His lips lifted, his eyes tired. "It only proves you're not made of stone." When I growled a little, he murmured, "Alright, I won't hide 'shit like this' whenever I can help it."

My lips pinched as I wiped my cheeks. "I guess that'll have to do." I raised my right hand, thumb out. "If you really want to make me feel better, you'll spell this ring so I can shift with it on." Like the half child/half adult I was feeling right now, I knew when to bargain for what I wanted without questions being asked.

His eyebrows crept up, his gaze swinging to the ring, but he said nothing as he touched the ring, his finger glowing golden for a moment at the contact.

Presto, I had a shift-worthy wedding ring.

We both made our way downstairs, duffles over our shoulders. Everyone was downstairs waiting for us. Ezra tracked me with his eyes as I came to stand next to him, leaning against the wall and letting his heat and scent relax me further. His pinkie touched mine where our arms hung, and I instantly felt soothing calm transfuse my bones, my mind. I sighed in appreciation, resting my head back.

Antonio's eyes scanned the room, taking in Lynn, Brenna, and Brann, then moving to Elder Zeller, who was again staring out the window, arms crossed. Antonio's eyebrows furrowed, and he peered into another room before his gaze met mine. "Where's Mrs Zeller?"

I froze, even with Ezra gifting me his power, because I didn't think Antonio was talking about me.

"She's dead," Cahal stated factually, turning to face Antonio and placing his hands in his pockets.

Antonio's gaze flew to Cahal. "What?"

Cahal studied Antonio in the silence, even the kids going quiet. "You never saw her death?"

I took my hand away from Ezra's stiff one, taking a few steps forward. Instinct had me in protection mode, moving so my back was to Antonio, creating a barrier between him and Cahal. Even though Cahal had helped Antonio last night, he had done so while Antonio was defenseless. He wasn't the type to fight someone who couldn't defend themself. If he was going to fight for his mate, it would happen when a real brawl could occur.

I stayed still, waiting for Antonio's answer, which would definitely be a deciding factor between Cahal attacking him or not by the way Cahal stood on the balls of his feet, even if his hands were harmlessly in his pockets. Ezra jerked from his statue position, obviously done working past his shock that Antonio might have known beforehand. He moved closer to his dad with his eyes steadfast on him, ready to take him down if he moved, a fight being not what we needed right now.

That was when Antonio placed a hand on my shoulder and f**king zapped me with a morsel of his magic. I yelped, grabbing my shoulder, and he shoved me aside, swiftly striding across the room to stand toe to toe with Cahal. His jaw was clenched, and he thrust his face into Cahal's. "Are you seriously asking me this?"

Cahal's face cracked, and furious, he shouted, "Goddamn it, Tony, tell me if you f**king knew!" He shoved Antonio's shoulders even as Lynn quickly swiped up his kids, rushing them out back. Cahal's chin trembled, his narrowed eyes darting back and forth between Antonio's as he yelled, "Tell me, goddamn you!" He shoved Antonio again, still shouting. "After every damn thing we've been through, I would have expected a little f**king warning even if you hate me!" Another shove. "Did. You. Know?"

I stood back, more than shocked at Cahal's outburst after his studious calm during his grieving process. He didn't want to kill Antonio. This was different. This was hurt that a friend would keep a secret from him. The kind of secret that would wreck his insides like losing a mate would, shredding his Core, the pain horrifying. One glance at Ezra, and I moved, grabbing his hand where he stood frozen from his dad's explosion.

Cahal grabbed fistfuls of Antonio's shirt, slamming his back against a wall, his whole body trembling. "I loved her."

Antonio finally spoke quietly, his eyes down. "She was your mate. I know you did."

A whisper. "Did you know?"

Antonio's chest expanded. "If I had," his eyes slowly lifted to meet Cahal's, "you know I wouldn't have been able to tell you, so does it really matter if I knew or not?"

It was a growl. "Yes, it matters."

Swiftly, Antonio turned his head away, his jaw clenched.

Suddenly, oddly, Cahal froze. "Fuck." He stood motionless for a few moments before he slammed Antonio once more against the wall, then released him and swiftly strode out the back door, breaking it clean off its hinges he hit it so hard, his Vampire growling in fury.

Ezra swiftly kissed the top of my head before blurring out the back door after his dad.

I stared at Antonio where he leaned against the wall, head tilted back toward the ceiling. "So, Tony, huh?"

He grunted, his eyes closing. "Don't even think of calling me that damn name."

"Wouldn't think of it." I moved to lean back against the wall next to him, staring at the unremarkable ceiling where he had been, and calmly, I asked, "Did you know?"

He was silent for a few moments and then stated evenly, "I knew one day she would die, but I didn't know it would be on this trip."

Truth.

I tilted my head toward him. "Why didn't you just tell him that?"

His lips tilted in a self-mocking smile as he glanced down at me. "You keep forgetting," he tapped his ear, "about Vampires, Lil. I just did." As I blinked, he turned and walked outside.

Following him, I saw that Cahal had indeed heard. He rested against the Hummer with his bag at his feet, face back to blank in Elder Zeller fashion, but he watched Antonio until he looked his way, giving him a half-nod of appreciation for the information he so desperately wanted before turning to listen to whatever Ezra was saying to him.

I picked the door up, which lay in the middle of the yard, walking past Lynn, who was settling his kids in their child seats, and I murmured, "Anything you see or hear while with us, I would appreciate your silence about." And yes, I put a little command behind it, letting him know it was the Queen speaking.

His lips tilted crookedly. "Mum's the word, Your Highness."

Throwing the door inside the house, clean-up duty done for now, I turned to Antonio. "I need you to change the color of the Hummer and alter the tags."

Instantly my Hummer was black with different tags, which I was positive would work on any Com police scanner. Mage power may be a pain in the ass most of the time, but I still loved their magic. I clapped my hands, and when everyone quieted I asked Ezra, "Where are we heading?"

His lips lifted as Bonnie and Clyde bounded out of the house, coming to sit between us. He opened the driver's side door, sat inside, and readjusted the seat for his taller frame. "I'll tell you on the way. While I drive. And you navigate."

My lips pinched. "Not funny."

He shrugged a shoulder and dangled my keys - which I had thought were in my damn pocket - from his fingers. "It wasn't a joke." His grin only increased as I started stomping toward him. He held up a finger when I tried to grab my keys, whispering, "What's yours is mine, and vice versa, right?" He winked, chuckling evilly.

Well, hell.

Chapter Twenty-Four

My nerves were shot.

There was no other way to describe it. Between two hard days of Ezra's speed demon driving, Cahal's boozing it up in the back seat, Antonio's private bitching to me about the stench of said booze, and Lynn's complaints of where we ate and slept, I was a frazzled mess. Add in the fact we were about fifty miles east of Seattle, Washington - the middle of f**king nowhere - and that Ezra was out on his lone hunt/duty for his Prodigy, the die leading us here, then faltering...well, I was debating stealing one of Cahal's bottles to drown my worries.

But instead I paced in my hotel room with cell phone in hand, waiting to hear from my husband, since he had promised to call every half-hour as I had done with him. He was keeping to his word, calling me diligently while he searched in the Hummer through the rugged terrain of the north-west area. I was at least relieved about that, afraid at first he would go all caveman on me and not respect my wishes...which I had expressed adamantly and specifically. A few times.

Whatever.

It was time for him to call again.

I stopped pacing to stare at my phone, willing it to ring. Surprise, surprise, the damn thing actually did, jolting me so badly I jumped, before I quickly got a hold of myself, answering, "Ezra?"

"I'm alright," he stated instantly. Okay, I sounded a little breathless. "Sweetheart, why don't you lie down and take a nap. You barely got any sleep last night worrying about this, and more than likely, you've been pacing back and forth all morning."

Instant. "I haven't." I had stopped pacing a few moments ago. "Besides, I'm worried."

"I know. Over nothing. All I'm doing is driving through a damn forest." A pause. "And further to that point, what self-respecting Vamp lives in a damn forest? It's giving me the freaking heebie-jeebies just being out here for the morning. Inside a SUV. These people are crazier than yours."

I started pacing again. "That's what is worrying me, unless there's a whole other King Cave in this area we don't know about."

Ezra grunted. "I already called my dad to ask. His response was to laugh his ass off, so I'm taking that as a no, even though he already sounded lit and asked me to pick up some Chinese before I came back, and I don't think he was talking about General Tso's Chicken."

My feet stopped. "Oh, God. He's thirsty." Vivian was no longer there to supply blood.

"Yep." A pause. "It's funny how when I was growing up he said Coms always tasted the same, from what he remembered before he was mated, but suddenly, he's got a damn ethnic preference." He grunted. "Are there even Chinese Coms in this area?"

I blinked...because that sounded like an honest question. "Ezra."

He hummed.

My God, he was serious. "This is America, land of the free and diversified. I'm sure you can find someone who has an Asian background easily enough." My eyebrows puckered. "You traveled the damn world, how do you not know about the United States? Your home?"

"You're forgetting, I was running away from home." He paused, and then chuckled. "God, speaking of home, this area is right up your alley. I just saw a fox." Another pause as he continued chuckling. "Hey, you're not following me are you?"

"Ha, ha, funny man." I thought about it. "I'm bigger than an actual fox, aren't I?"

No response.

My wolf growled.

"Oh, sweetheart, you know I think you're perfect. And your wolf is perfect, too."

My wolf huffed, loving hearing him say it. "Just call me in another half-hour."

"I will, but take a damn nap so you're not worn out tonight for me, alright?"

I glanced at the bed, and it did look inviting. "You sure you're doing fine out there?"

"It's only me and the wildlife, sweetheart. Just try to relax for a little while."

"Fine...I'll try." No promises.

"Promise me."

Damn it. "Fine," I growled. "I promise."

He hummed happily. "I love you, wife."

"And I love your aggravating ass, too, husband."

"You say the sweetest things."

I yawned, eyes on the bed. "Just call me, smart ass."

He chuckled softly. "I'm Ezra Zeller, it's nice to meet you, Smart Ass." When I growled, he muttered, "Fine. I'll call, sweetheart. I love you."

"Love you, too."

I woke to a buzzing sound. Blinking open my eyes, I sat up instantly and scented my surroundings. Quickly, my heart rate decreased as I remembered where the hell I was. Another craphole motel. The setting sun was filtering in through the lone window, and I stretched before grabbing my phone that had been buzzing on the pillow next to mine. Glancing at it as I rubbed the sleep out of my eyes, I saw that I had a message.

And it dawned on me...my eyes shot to the window.

The sun was f**king setting.

I quickly accessed my voicemail, and in a soft and calm voice, Ezra stated, "There's an issue with my Prodigy. Coms are holding her." My heart rate kicked into a wild gallop, only to increase when he paused, then said, "A lot of Coms." He sighed. "There are Vamps in the area, and I've asked them to stay in the general vicinity, but they can't go in with me because the die keeps faltering when they're near, and I've tried Elder Farrar's and my dad's phones, but no one's answering, so I only left messages." A long pause. "I can't leave her in there with them. I need to get her." My heart rate stalled completely as he whispered, "I love you, sweetheart. Just...," a pause, "just remember that." The call ended.

There were no other messages, the call having come in fifteen minutes ago.

Jumping from the bed, I quickly called his number.

No answer.

I called again.

No answer.

Breath faltering, I placed a bracing hand on the wall before searching for Antonio's number.

A knock sounded at my door. It was more of a banging.

I ran to it, hitting Antonio's number as I threw the door open. It was Antonio, and he wore that expression. The one he had worn outside the cave before we had left on this journey. I shut my phone before it fell through my suddenly limp fingers.

He walked inside, shutting the door behind him. "I can't find Cahal anywhere. I think he went hunting." He bent, grabbed my boots, and threw them at me. "I can tell by your face you know Ezra's in trouble. Get your shoes on."

I dropped, shoving my boots on, lacing them up, my heart pounding so hard I could barely hear, but in a shaking voice, I asked, "How bad, Antonio?"

He stopped in his tracks, staring at the wall. "Now you ask?"

"Yes." It was so soft, I was surprised he heard me.

"If it's what I think it is...it's bad," he muttered, sidestepping Bonnie - who growled at him as he dug through my bag - grabbing my red fur coat and tossing it to me. "I'm going to try to find Cahal again, and possibly Merrick and Jacobs after I drop you off."

My fingers shook as I stood, throwing the robe over my bra and underwear I had on, only managing to button the top one before I gave up on the others. "Is he going to live?"

He ignored me, opening the case of my gifted Cizanos. "You're going to need these."

I yanked them out but dropped them on the bed, quickly strapping my gun to my thigh before grabbing them again. "Antonio..."

His lips thinned. "There's no more time for questions, Lil." Antonio reached out a hand, touching my hair and returning it to neon red, and he pointed to Bonnie, who returned to appearing like a lion cub. "Grab her." As I did as told, he ordered, "No matter what, do not release me or try to pull away. Do you understand?"

"Yes."

Antonio slapped a hand on my shoulder. "This might take a few minutes."

I rested against him and had to shut my eyes, he glowed so bright. Sound ceased to exist as we went to a...well, what could only be perceived as a void. It was a golden open space, Antonio the only thing I could see. Bonnie growled in the circle of my arms but didn't move, behaving.

After what felt like five minutes, I asked into the nothing, "How much longer?"

No response.

After what seemed like another five minutes, I asked, "Antonio?"

He squeezed my shoulder, but there was no verbal response.

I waited, staying perfectly still. He was carting not just himself, but two other living beings through this void, while searching for Ezra. I supposed that had to take some concentration. I focused on my breathing and closed my eyes, figuring that darkness was better than opening them and expecting to see something. It was f**king claustrophobic, screwing with my Shifter senses.

After another five minutes, I began to feel a breeze. I sighed, sucking in the scent of fresh pine and grass. And blood. I froze. Lots of f**king blood.

My eyes slammed open, but there still wasn't anything to see. Sounds came next. Screams and cries of pain began breaking through the silence in intervals. I stayed silent, not knowing where he would set us down from this void, uncertain of what we were stepping into. Ezra had only said there were a lot of Coms, not the layout of the location. And then we were in a forest, the wind whipping around us, blowing my robe and hair about.

Antonio let go of my shoulder. "He's straight ahead. Follow the sounds of the pain."

Abruptly, he disappeared.

I sat Bonnie high on a branch and ordered her to stay, before my head fell back and I howled my demand. I could hear there were too many Coms ahead. I needed reinforcements. The type with sharp, deadly teeth, and this was a damn forest.

They came.

Even more came.

Within a minute, I had over one hundred wolves of all shapes, sizes, and colors standing before me. I didn't fear them. Not one bit. Every single one of their heads lowered in submission as my eyes glowed, and I growled, sending my will into them.

Kill, by means of anger and protection.

They all growled, peering past me. I didn't worry for Ezra. He could run fast enough to escape them.

But the Coms couldn't.

I grinned and turned, running full force toward the music of warfare, the wolves following behind. Coming out into a clearing, I saw what looked like a tiny town. The kind with only one street for its downtown, maybe four buildings long on each side, each two stories high, and a gravel road at the end leading through the thick tree growth. There were no houses surrounding the area, just the stone buildings. At the edge of the street, toward the gravel road in a large clearing where a picnic table sat, were at least two hundred Coms. Way too many for this little town with probably a population of fifty.

I sucked air, seeing a long line of bodies littering the main road. About fifty. Peering side-to-side, I took off behind the building on the left with the wolves following, my direction bypassing the carnage they might stop and snack on. I ran at the mass, knowing that Ezra was still in there as Coms screamed and gunshots fired.

There were two Vamps on the left of the circled clusterfuck, fighting the Coms, but I saw two others that lay dead, those bodies at their feet. They glanced my way, hearing me and the herd of wolves advancing. Even though my adrenaline and heart rate were too high from fear and fury, I could still appreciate the looks of shock that graced their features.

But they hadn't stayed alive this long from stupidity. They shut their gaping jaws and went back to slaughtering. I, on the other hand, took off, speeding up for a few ticks before launching into the air. I stared down at the masses, scanning the crowd as quickly as I could.

I saw Ezra.

He was smack in the center, covered in blood, with a pile of bodies growing around him, Clyde darting in and out of Coms next to him and swiping at their ankles. And Ezra was hampered. He had only one arm to use because the other was holding a tiny Vampire girl, her face stuffed against his neck. Feeling gravity take hold, I tucked and flipped as I began to fall, automatically throwing my arms out, short swords extended, and began slicing into the Coms as I landed in a crouch to keep from breaking my bones, my training automatic.

Ezra was only a few feet away now, taller than the rest, so I focused on getting to him as I diced Coms, going for the direct kill by slicing their heads clean off. I didn't call out to him and risk him being distracted, but I knew that he heard the screams of the Coms from the far end of the mass. The wolves had attacked.

He didn't notice my prey fall.

No screams.

They fell silent.

Dead.

Breathing with the motion, I kept my ears open and pivoted anytime I heard a gun clicking over, my senses allowing me to be fast enough that the firing weapon would hit someone else. By the scent, they were all silver bullets. I sliced at an angle, my blades no longer shining but slinging blood and flesh.

I twirled and landed at my husband's side.

He was starting to throw a Com male into the mass and glanced at me, fangs bared, but blinked and finished tossing the man, causing a line of them to stumble back. "Sweetheart?" His confusion was evident.

"Shut up and fight," I muttered, jumping and spinning, slicing off four heads in a row before landing. "I'll explain later."

"Any back-up?"

I ducked as he threw a dead Com. "Wolves."

He nodded then blurred, taking down five more before coming back to my side. "I'm loving your battle attire, although, it would be more erotic if your lingerie didn't have dancing penguins on it."

I grunted, kicking a f**ker that got too close, making him crumple and not get back up since his back was now bent in half. "Dammit, I like this set. It'll be ruined now."

"Shame, that," Ezra chuckled before blurring again.

I twirled, slicing at three others.

Ezra and I quit yapping when they all advanced at once, seeing two of us. Ezra and I aimed for the road, pushing them to move while trying to find a break in their numbers, but they seemed to understand our plan, continually rotating in a circle so that when a portion went down more took their place.

That's when Ezra grunted. He paused, standing still for too long, staring down at a silver arrow imbedded through his stomach, protruding all the way out through the small of his back.

I blinked.

Mine.

I reacted on pure instinct and sliced down onto the thick shaft, cutting off the head. He sucked in harshly at the motion, and I spun in front of him, on full protection mode, and carved into the vultures that were coming in for the kill. Even as their beheaded bodies were crumpling, I turned and grabbed the silver shaft at his stomach, shuddering at the touch, but yanked it out quickly. Ezra lurched, blood pouring from his stomach, but he moved back into motion, his blurring only slightly slower than before. The whole incident taking maybe five seconds.

While fighting, I began glancing into the trees, searching their depths for whoever had made that shot. That was when I grunted, a slicing pain screaming in my thigh. I stumbled, almost falling, and saw a duplicate silver arrow sticking out of my flesh. Ezra blurred back to my side and grabbed one of my swords from my hands, cutting the head off as I had his. Healed from his injury, he yanked the silver shaft out of the front of my leg.

Tossing it aside, he jerked, falling forward. "Fuck." Blood blossomed on the back of the shirt I had designed for him right above the wolf's head.

I caught him, stumbling with the motion when my leg wouldn't support me. Someone had f**king shot what was mine. He jerked against me, cursing. Another blotch of blood appeared on his right shoulder. He arched back, a different stain of crimson blooming too close to his heart.

When he only stood as a target of blood loss, shock, and pain, I threw him and the girl to the blood-soaked grass beneath our feet, quickly throwing Com corpses over them and commanding the girl with my Shifter will to stay hidden when she peered up at me.

Grabbing my other sword from where it had fallen from Ezra's fingers, I turned my attention to the mother-fuckers who had shot him. My f**king man. I growled in fury. I had never felt like this before. My mind was hazy, misting as I began carving my swords into the approaching Coms, floating into a black shroud of protection and ferocity.

I saw no one but my enemy. Heard nothing but Ezra's heart as it began to slow. Scented only his blood as he continued to bleed out. Felt only the leather under my hands as I moved in a continual circle. Tasted single-minded vengeance as I slaughtered.

I screamed as I progressed, never having moved like this: with absolute focus zeroed in on the next Com that came into view. My arms, wrists, and hands worked in concert with my swords, which had become natural extensions. My thigh stopped bleeding, and my actions only became that much faster. That much more deadly. With each Com I took down, it still wasn't enough, as Ezra's heartbeat slowed even further.

Time flew by in splatters of blood and in the screams of the fallen.

I let one sword drop and drew my gun, shooting across the circle as I took care of the other side with my sword. As I began to weaken, tiring, my eyes glowed sharply and my wolf pressed to take over my strength. My mind.

I let her, my wolf in agreement with the woman as my fury's voice became hoarse. And I still screamed. The black haze enveloped me as my wolf peered out through my eyes.

Protect Ezra.

Kill any other mother-fucker who neared.

Protect.

Kill.

Protect.

Kill.

Time seemed to pause as I snarled, my head darting back and forth. My nostrils flared in the odd silence. Scanning the area as the wolves began to circle me, I saw two people left standing, both with black and red hair. They stood staring at me. I snarled at them, raising my gun. And suddenly, they were gone.

Protect.

My hand moved, putting my gun away, and I jogged to my dropped sword, picking it up as I continually scanned the area. I scented no other prey close by, although those two who had disappeared were still near, and I growled in the direction I smelled them before running to Ezra. My wolves circled us, protecting, watching for any enemy.

Brushing aside a lion cub, I threw the dead Coms from Ezra's body, and a little girl stared up at me. I paused, sniffing her. No threat. I ignored the mute girl. Ripping Ezra's shirt down the front, I probed his wounds. None of the bullets had left his body. There were three still inside. My head dropped back and I howled in sorrow, my wolves joining me even as their feet never stopped moving, doing as ordered.

I sliced into my wrist and held it to Ezra's mouth. With the silver in the sword the wound stayed open longer. I snarled when he didn't latch on. Smacking his face only produced a grunt, his eyes never opening. I sliced my wrist again, shoving it against his mouth. Some of it had to be going down. Resting my forehead against his, I kept up this process even as my wolf grew tired, the woman long past exhaustion.

Protect.

I felt wetness coat my cheeks and fall to his as I blinked blurrily at his closed eyes. He was getting cold. He was never cold. I whimpered, nuzzling his cheek with mine after cutting into my wrist again. He needed warmth.

I lay down beside him, covering him with my coat as much as possible, keeping one wrist to his mouth. My head fell against his shoulder when my wrist closed again, and I listened to his heartbeat slowly thump, my movements sluggish and my mind working at a slower pace. But I still heard sounds behind me. The wolves began growling, their tails twitching as they kept their rotating circle moving.

Voices. The sounds were voices.

I growled, fumbling for my gun. My fingers wouldn't release it from its clasp, so I grabbed a sword from the ground, which was much heavier than before. Pushing up and stumbling to my feet, I pointed it at the newcomers. I swayed as I took them in.

It was the two I had seen before, now with four others and a lion cub leading the group. They ran in our direction, moving between the fallen enemies. I snarled at the two that had run away earlier and they stopped. The other four kept approaching. One of brown and blond hair, one of brown, one of yellow, and the other of black hair.

Protect.

Kill.

Placing a foot over Ezra's unconscious form with the little girl cowering behind me and peering around my leg, I got a better grip on my sword. Cocking my head, I pressed my will onto the wolves to kill. They snarled and began creeping forward.

The four men and cub stopped.

The black-haired one held a hand out to the others, stepping forward to crouch. His eyes glowed navy, and he growled back at the wolves. I felt his own will pressing, and I pushed back, releasing mine to the maximum strength of what I was able. His eyes met mine and he growled loudly even as I wobbled, shaking my head to stay conscious.

I felt when he gently broke through my control. His will overran my order, and the wolves broke apart, lowering to the ground just as I fell under his control. Lying over Ezra's body, I was barely able to lift my head as I snarled at the black-haired man, holding my sword out in his direction. He was moving forward slowly, the others following behind him even as the brown-haired man shouted, the brown- and blond-haired one holding him back.

The black-haired man held a hand out to me as if he meant no harm, but he growled low in his throat, telling me he was an alpha. I snarled back, placing my free arm under Ezra's head and holding his face close to my neck.

Protect.

He watched, his head cocking.

I felt the press of his will.

Then nothing. Darkness.

Chapter Twenty-Five

My eyes shot open to blinding white light.

I jolted, sitting up.

I rolled, falling heavily onto a cold, hard floor.

"Queen Ruckler, stop!" a man shouted, the voice vaguely familiar.

Twisting, I squinted into the brightness, my eyes darting. I was in the infirmary at King Cave. There were medical beds throughout the room, and the Mage that had worked on me previously after my bout with Elder Kincaid was standing at the end of the bed I had fallen from.

He held his hands up, saying, "You're alright. Try to calm yourself."

"Ezra," I stated instantly, my voice hoarse and my eyes going to the other beds. "Where is he?" I remembered avidly the events at the beginning of the attack. The last bit was a little blurry, once he was shot, but I remembered Elder Merrick's face at the end.

The Mage's eyes carefully blanked. "Queen Ruckler, you need to-"

"Fuck off. The only thing I need to do is find him." I slammed a shaking hand down on the bed, and hauled myself on wobbling legs. The white gown they had put me in was drafty, and I shivered as I got a better look at the occupants of the beds. Ezra wasn't there. "Where the hell is he?" My heart knocked, dread hammering me.

Hesitation. "He's in his family's room."

"Why? He was shot three times and once with a silver arrow. He should be in here."

A longer pause. "I think I should call Elder Kincaid to come and speak with you."

My gaze snapped to him. I asked the one question I didn't want to. "Is he dead?"

Instant. "No."

Relief surged and my knees weakened. I began to fall, and the Mage jumped forward, catching my elbow and holding me steady. I shook my head, trying to focus. "Why is he there?"

The Mage made me sit on the thick mattress. Softly and slowly, he explained, "We removed the bullets and repaired the damage of his injuries, but the silver had already entered his bloodstream." My heart stuttered, chest squeezing painfully, and my vision shrunk to pinpoints. "He's in a coma, so he's not in any pain, but there's nothing else we can do. It's only a matter of time as the silver travels through his bloodstream."

Instant. "Blood transfusion?"

He shook his head. "Too much silver." He cleared his throat. "Your injury had already healed by the time you returned, but your body rejected the blood we tried to give you. We believe that was caused from the silver injury to your thigh. You've been asleep for two days."

I barely listened, my mind seizing. "How much time does he have?"

He rested a hand on my shoulder, squeezing soothingly. "A day, at most."

I nodded and pushed off the bed. "Where are my swords and gun?"

He tried to maneuver me back on the bed when I teetered. "You really should rest longer."

"My stuff," I demanded, eyes glowing. I was on a f**king mission now that he had given me the timeframe. "Where is it?"

"Queen Cooper took the items to your room. She and King Collins have been in to check on you regularly, both of them having returned from their trip shortly after you and Ezra were brought here," he murmured, taking a step back when he saw the expression on my face. "Queen Ruckler, there's really nothing that can be done to save him. You won't even be able to see him. Only Vampires are allowed at a time like this."

I snorted, holding the back of my gown together. "When a damn Mage is involved there's always something that can be done."

Having had dressed quickly in all black, Jack and Pearl not in our room to hinder my actions, I found my weapons easily, Pearl stashing them in my closet. Now, I waited in the shadows for a break in the people coming and going inside Ezra's family's suite. There were a multitude of Vampires going inside to say their 'last goodbye' to Ezra. It was enough to shatter my already nervous system, but I kept my mindset steady, knowing - needing to know - that I was correct in my assumption.

When it appeared that the last of a large group had exited, I raced down the hall to listen at the door. I heard no one. Cracking it, I peeked inside. The room directly behind the door reminded me of our bedroom, the entry the living room, albeit done in dark colors. And it was empty.

Slipping inside, I sniffed the air, and I locked the door so no others would enter to interrupt. There were so many scents they were hard to distinguish, but I was fairly positive, the scent alive and strong, that his dad and, another sniff, Bindi were through the open door at the end of the room and to the left. And Ezra was through the second door to the right. His scent was wrong, the smell of silver clinging. I swallowed the growl that wanted to erupt, furiously and instantly hating the mixture.

On light feet, I moved to the right. The farther into the room I went, the more sounds I picked up. The sounds of death. Cahal's pleading voice as he drilled Bindi for alternative solutions to Ezra's health in the room I had guessed they were in. Bindi talking soothingly, quietly, but giving no available options. And the labored breathing of the dying from Ezra's room.

Listening at Ezra's door, I heard no other heartbeats except for one slow cadence, so I turned the knob and gradually swung the door open, and just as gently shut it behind me. Then I turned to face the music. He was there. Lying on a bed of black satin, bare from the looks of it, under the thin sheet that had been pulled up to directly under his arms. The sheet clung to him because of the sweat pouring off his skin, which was his body's natural process of trying to rid itself of the toxic silver. But no amount of sweating would help.

Walking forward into the room, which was only lit by two lamps at each side of the bed, I could see that his mocha skin was turning ashen and that his body was slightly trembling from the poison. The Mage had said he wasn't in any pain, and I could only pray that was true. Feeling tears slip down my cheeks, I didn't bother wiping them away.

My heart was crushed so badly I could barely breathe, my pants coming in great gulps as I carefully climbed onto the nearest side of the bed. Setting my items aside, a soft whimper escaped as I crawled to him. Normally this close I could feel his heat. But as I lay on my side directly beside him, I actually felt a chill coming from his body, instead of a Com-like fever when diseases hit. Death was approaching.

Resting on one elbow, I bent my face over his. His eyes didn't move beneath their lids as some do in sleep. Instead, they were peaceful. His face glistened with his cold sweat, his lips dry and cracked, and his pallor hideous. My tears fell upon his face and he didn't stir.

Leaning down, I swallowed through the blockage in my throat that physically hurt and began placing light kisses on his face. His forehead. His eyebrows. His eyelids. His cheeks. The tip of his nose. His chin. Staring at his lips, I brushed them with mine, the barest touch.

Pulling back, I lifted one of his heavy arms and placed its slack weight over my shoulder, resting against his side and lying my head on his shoulder. As I intertwined his fingers with mine, my eyes burned fiercely as our ruling rings sparkled in the lamplight.

As he lay dying, I held him, letting my tears fall as they may.

Voice hoarse and trembling as badly as he was, I began explaining, "So, I have a plan." I sniffed hard, which didn't help much as I still couldn't breathe. "I think sometimes we're all dumbasses. And Antonio has to live with us. Deal with us." I rubbed my thumb slowly back and forth over his. "And he knows the future. But what would you do if you knew the future? You certainly couldn't tell anyone because that might alter it, but that's not to say you can't give hints and pray that the dumbasses around you would understand."

Rubbing my cheek against his cooling flesh, I stopped when another sob racked my body until I was able to pull myself together. Pushing my face closer to his neck, I kissed his jaw gently. "He said, she travels the journey alone." I kissed his jaw again. "He never once glanced at you. If someone was going to die, if it was someone's time, others would normally say goodbye, even if it was secretive. He never did for you."

I nuzzled my face against his neck. "Which means you're going to live." Gently, I sat up, his arm sliding down and catching on my hip. Staring down at his face, I ran my fingers over his cheek. "And it means my journey isn't done yet." Placing one last kiss on his mouth, staying there against the lips and skin and scent, which were him but also not, I wept. I only pulled away when I was afraid he couldn't breathe. Resting my hand on his cheek, I whispered, "You made the call to say goodbye, and now I'm doing the same, because I have no clue what I'm getting myself into." I echoed his previous words. "I love you. Just remember that."

Staring down at him, I took a fortifying breath before rolling away. I had to talk to a Mage. Grabbing my case and gun off the bed, I took one last look before exiting the room just as quietly as I had entered. And stopped dead in my tracks.

Bindi was still in the other room, but Cahal wasn't with her anymore. I knew this because he was standing with his back against the wall beside Ezra's door, hands clasped in front of him, head bowed. His eyes weren't closed, but he never once glanced at me even though I stood less than a foot from him. And I knew without a doubt that his hearing could have picked up whatever I had said inside the room for however long he had been standing there for. And I didn't really have time to deal with his intellectual questioning.

I waited for his fury at my intrusion, but he said nothing and moved not at all.

Maneuvering around him, not turning my back on him, I crept across the room. Unlocking the door swiftly, I slipped outside before he came back from his grief to delay my quest. Bonnie was standing there silently. I had no clue where she came from, but I motioned for her to follow as I began racing down the twisting hallways.

Everyone moved for me, all Mys alike, getting the hell out of my way without me having to say a word or glance in their direction. I ran with purpose until I stopped in front of Antonio's office door. I debated a polite gesture, but then just barged in. Eyes scanning the room, I saw that it was empty.

Shouting in frustration, I stalked the room, wondering where the hell I could find him because I didn't know where his suite was. He could possibly be in the dining hall or a conference room or in the pools. Any was a strong possibility. Or, unfortunately, he might not be at King Cave at all, doing God knows what.

I stopped and rubbed my face. I needed him. I needed another damn hint to keep me sane.

Scrubbing at my scratchy eyes, deciding I would try the pools first since they were closest, I blinked and stopped. Bent down, peering closer at the coffee table. On it was a rusty brass doorknocker. Beside it a note, written in a man's scrawl I didn't recognize.

Reading it slowly, my breath caught. When death knocks, knock back.

Oh, hell yes. Grabbing the rusty brass handle, which was in the shape of a horseshoe, I felt Mage magic sizzle in my hands. I did as the note said. I knocked with it. Something tried to appear before me, but it quickly fizzled out.

I stared. Then blinked. Realization dawned.

I needed to get the hell out of King Cave and try this again. It was dark magic. Nothing like that worked inside the cave. Only pure Mage magic worked.

Without hesitation I raced from the room, Bonnie hot on my heels. I bypassed the main areas so I didn't draw even more attention to myself, and then stopped to walk sedately through the cave's main entrance. It was hard to keep from running as soon as my shoes hit the sand, but I stayed steady and began heading down the beach as if I was only going for a normal stroll, so that no guards were alerted.

Feeling the boundary of the Mage's protection magic drawing closer, I peeked over my shoulder. The guards were talking amongst themselves, not paying me any mind, so I quickly slipped to the side, out of their view thanks to the sand dunes, and raced through the protection ward. I felt the familiar zap, especially when it encountered my hand that fisted the knocker. It didn't want to pass through, but I grunted and yanked with all of my Shifter strength. And still, as I fell on my butt when it released, I was pretty sure it only did so because it was going out instead of in.

Jumping to my feet, I didn't bother wiping the sand off my black cargos, and I grabbed my case and gun I had dropped. And raised my hand. Placed the knocker a few inches taller than me, less than a foot ahead. I used it, knocking into thin air.

My eyes widened as a golden door shimmered and wavered in front of me, quickly becoming a solid gold door with a glimmering doorknob. I glanced around it, but it only looked like a door standing tall in the middle of the beach. Eyeing it, I pocketed the handle, then palmed my gun.

Hearing footsteps racing my way, I didn't look back and quickly opened the door. It swung open and a blast of cold winter air blew against my face and body, making me shiver. Tiny flakes of snow drifted through the doorway to instantly melt against the heat of the beach. Through the open doorway it was night, the full moon shining down on a ton of trees, the forest's floor covered in snow. Directly in the center of it, almost fifty yards away, was a log home, two stories tall with a wraparound porch, snow covering its overhang and roof, smoke billowing from its chimney and its windows lit merrily.

It looked like a Christmas card, it was so picturesque, but I could feel the taint of black magic surrounding it, ruining its beautiful effect. But that didn't matter because I needed to get through the door before whoever was almost on me stopped me from doing this. So I stepped through, my feet crunching and falling down into six inches of snow, Bonnie following dutifully even as she hissed.

Instantly, the door disappeared, only the forest behind us. It was eerily silent. Unlike the normal sounds you would hear in a location such as this. Even the wind made no noise through the trees as it blew snow down on me.

The feeling now surrounding me was reminiscent to what Southern Coms called bad juju.

Flatly, it felt wrong.

I shivered, not from the cold, and started trekking toward the log home. Bonnie moved with me, growling softly and scanning the area. It was my destination and I wasn't about to stop now. My husband would live. No matter the cost to myself.

Getting to the cabin was harder than originally appeared. Minutes stretched into an hour. Every foot I put forward seemed to make the cabin that much farther. Some type of spell to keep others away. Eventually I began to tire, but I pushed onward and began to run.

I needed in there.

Now.

And abruptly - unexpectedly - Bonnie and I were on the front porch. Still running. I skidded to a stop on the slick snow and banged into the front door, Bonnie having less trouble.

As I cursed, rubbing my shoulder, I heard a cackle from inside. Someone thought they were damn funny. But I straightened and didn't growl in anger when the door opened only moments later. A Mage woman, appearing eighty Com-years old, stood inside the lit entry.

Her clothes looked like a gypsy's. Her shirt was made of cotton, gold and flared at the cuffs. Her ankle-length skirt was also cotton, black and ruffled. Her wrists were adorned with gold bracelets. And her gnarled, wrinkly feet were bare. Tipping her head to the side and peering down at me, her waist-length golden hair fell over her shoulder.

I barely kept from staring. But not because she was dressed for balmy weather while there were the makings of a blizzard outside. I had to avert my eyes because her own eyes were black. This was odd because all Mages had a variation of golden eyes, but hers were completely black. As in, not even white showed. I knew instantly - her scent surrounding me - it was because she had been practicing dark magic for a very long time.

She stiffened and whispered, "Not yet."

I peered up at her, staring at her forehead. "Yes, now. I need to speak with you."

She was still for so long that I wasn't sure she would allow me access, but eventually she moved aside, whispering, "Justice."

Carefully, I toed the entrance. I felt nothing awful, so I stepped through, Bonnie pretty much imitating me. The place was just so wrong, it was throwing my senses out of whack. Although, at first glance, it was like any other Mage home. Gold galore in the entry, in the living room to the left, in the dining room to the right, and in a long hallway and wooden staircase straight ahead.

Except for, at a closer inspection, the tiny jars on the shelves lining the walls. The glasses were golden and inside each of them were items I hastily averted my gaze from. I was pretty sure inside the first ones I had seen there were fingers, small animals, and a shitload of eyeballs. I didn't look again.

She shut the door behind me. There was no lock. I didn't expect it. She didn't need it.

She crossed her arms. "How did you get here, Queen Ruckler?"

My lips thinned at hearing a creak upstairs, like someone was walking around. "I used a knocker." She knew who I was. "Who else is in the house?"

"No one who will harm you right now," she mumbled absently, holding out her hand. "Return." I blinked and stared at her bony hand, and quickly patted my pocket. The knocker was gone from me. Now in her fisted palm.

Fuck, I'll just have to worry about getting back later.

Absently, she shook the knocker then stopped, and started cackling. "Ah, now...now..." She waggled the knocker. "I had wondered who stole this so long ago." She chuckled deeply. "He thinks he's so pure, going along with the universe's master plan." She spat to the side, her spit sizzling on the hardwood floor at her feet. "A bona-fide thief, he is, sneaking in here without me knowing."

Ignoring her rant, I cleared my throat. "I've come because-"

She waved the hand with the knocker, shushing me. "I know why you've come. The question is, how far will you go to make it happen?" She didn't wait for my answer, turning and walking into the living room on the left.

I followed, watching her approach a large wooden hutch, which glowed golden. "What do I need to do to save his life?"

She swung open the doors to the hutch, placing the knocker inside. "There are three things that I want from you in return." Her back was still to me as she spoke and rifled through the cluttered contents of the spelled cabinet. She pulled out a small vial of black and gold liquid and shut the doors, turning to me.

I stared at the, now, locked hutch. "What are those three things?"

"One. You will kill this Mys, if you live through this." She waved her hand, and suddenly, a translucent image of a man appeared beside her.

I stiffened, knowing him. "Why do you wish for his death?"

She flicked a finger, the image gone. "It is none of your concern."

I stared where the image had been, my stomach rolling in nausea. "And the second?"

She cackled, glancing over her shoulder to a window then back at me. "Two. When a Mys by the name of Tipkin arrives, you will not disregard him as others do, making the mission he desires happen, if you live through this."

Well, that one wasn't so bad. A roll of my shoulders. "The third?"

"Three. You will shoot to kill when needed, if you live through this. The individuals will be unknown to you until it's time, but I tell you now, it is no one you love or hold dear."

I started to sweat. That was a lot of murder. "And how do I save Ezra?"

She dangled the vial between us. "You drink this in combination with a spell I will give you. A life has been given willingly. The individual's vitality is in this liquid. It will be enough to vanquish the silver in his blood." I hadn't asked how she knew in the first place, so I wasn't going to ask how she knew the specifics. "But you have to pull back when you feel the gifted vitality gone from yourself into him. This has only been done three times, that I know of, and each time the individual casting the spell died because they didn't pull back, pushing their own vitality into the dying."

I didn't care if I died. But I did care if I made this deal and I couldn't get back to King Cave. My eyes went to her hutch. "How am I supposed to get to him from here?"

She waggled a finger at me. "Ah, no, Queen Ruckler. You won't be receiving that knocker back. But I will give you my word that I will set you directly at where you left. The time passing there, the same as here." She paused. "If you agree, you will be magically bound to complete these three things. You won't be able to stop yourself. In the end you won't have a choice. They will be done. But right now you do have the choice."

She lifted the vial. "What is it going to be, Queen Ruckler?" She snapped her fingers at me. "I've got more company coming who wouldn't mind you dead, so hurry up with your decision."

My lips thinned, the woman crazy to believe anyone else was coming to this place. "Won't you please tell me what that Mys did to you? It won't weigh so heavily on my conscience."

She sighed heavily, eyeing me. "You're as righteous as the man who raised you." She chuckled, shaking her head. "He deserves his ache." She studied me, then muttered, "I want him dead enough that I will tell you." She walked forward, standing directly before me, and my nostrils flared as she said, "He murdered a dear friend of mine in cold blood to better himself." Truth.

I blinked. Never would I have thought him capable of murder. "I'm sorry for your loss." She gave me a condescending look but nodded at my words anyway. I would have done the deeds either way because I was going to save my husband, but her words comforted me for the actions I would commit. "You have a deal."

She grabbed my right arm and I flinched, feeling a burning sensation on my forearm. Bonnie hissed at her as I jerked my arm away and yanked up my sleeve. There were three golden circles between my wrist and halfway up my forearm. I watched as they sank into my skin, now unseen and unfelt.

Bound magically.

No turning back. I held out my hand. "The vial and spell, please."

She cackled, placing the vial in my hand, which was hot to the touch, before bending to retrieve a pad of paper and a pencil from her end table next to the couch. She scribbled on it and then tore the sheet out. Extending the paper to me, she said, "Read it, memorize it, but don't speak the words aloud until after you have drunk the potion and placed your hand over his Core."

I did as told. It was only one line. Her handwriting was remarkably tidy. "Got it."

She took the sheet back and it instantly burst into flame. Releasing it, it fluttered to the ground, the fire out and the sheet ash before it hit the floor. "Then it's time for you to leave. Pick up your Vizoac."

Placing the vial in my pocket, a thought occurred. "Will I be able to get through a protection ward with," I patted my pocket, "this?" After putting my gun in the back of my pants, I switched the case to my left hand and lifted Bonnie from the floor, cuddling her close.

She nodded. "It was all given willingly. Not black. It's a life-giving spell." She raised her aged hand and touched my shoulder. "Your deed there is righteous, too, not black, so you will be able to enter."

I froze as creepy-crawlies ran all over my body, the feeling all kinds of uncomfortable. But, within a blink of my eyes, the feeling was gone and I was instantly staring at the beach I had left probably an hour before. Now, that hadn't been so bad. Not at all.

I turned and stepped easily through the warded barrier to King Cave. She hadn't lied. I sighed in relief, my thoughts focused on saving Ezra. I needed to get back into his room. And I was betting Cahal wouldn't allow me to enter and exit freely after I had snuck into his rooms once already. Which meant I would have to wait until they were gone and break in.

Breaking into Cahal's suite again was easier said than done. Vampires were entering and exiting more frequently than before. With waning patience, I waited another hour, before I gave up and dialed Jack.

He answered on the first ring. "Lily, is that you? The medic said you left the infirmary over two hours ago."

"Yeah, it's me," I whispered. "I need a favor."

Instant. "Name it."

Already having decided to not tell him the extent of what I was doing, since he might try to talk me out of it as there was the possibility of death hanging over my head if I screwed up, I lied, definitely not telling the whole truth. "I want to see Ezra, but Vampires are surrounding him. Can you create a distraction so I can say goodbye?"

"Lily, I'm so sorry," Jack said softly with a small hiccup to his words. "Pearl and I will make something happen."

"Thank you," I told him wholeheartedly. "Jack, I love you and Pearl. You know that."

"Yes. We know that," Jack whispered. A pause. "Give us five minutes." He hung up.

Exactly five minutes later, Vampires began pouring out of the suite, alarms that I hadn't even realized we had blaring overhead. I ducked further into the shadows, holding Bonnie close when she growled at the noisy alarms. Cahal was the last to leave, shouting back into the suite for Bindi to watch over Ezra.

Slamming his suite door shut, he paused. I held my breath and masked with every ounce of strength I had in me, hoping the other Vampire's heartbeats overrode mine. A few anxiety-driven ticks flew by, then he was rushing after the Vampires calling to him for help, never once looking in my direction.

I blew out a sigh of relief when the hallway cleared, setting Bonnie down and running to the door. Unable to hear anything behind it over the God-awful noise, I opened it, praying the room was mostly empty. And it was. The only sound was Bindi pacing inside the room that held Ezra.

Not bothering to lock the door this time, or even shut it, deducing I didn't have much time, I raced on silent feet. Ezra's door was locked, though, and I sighed silently. I gently used my Shifter strength, squeezing and turning the doorknob until the latch broke with barely a sound, Bindi never once stopping her pacing on the other side.

Bonnie slid in behind me as I entered, and not bothering to shut that door either since it wouldn't close now, I dropped my items on the bed, staring into Bindi's startled eyes. "I need a few moments alone with him."

Her face became carefully void of any emotion. "I understand. I'll be in the other room." She quickly left as I had hoped she would, giving us privacy.

There was no time for anything refined, so I swiftly crawled over the mattress to straddle his waist and yanked the vial out of my pocket. I uncorked it and, like it was a shot of vile liquor, I chugged the liquid. Instantly, I covered my mouth to keep from puking, tossing the vial and cork to the side.

It tasted like Mage magic, but there was a Mys aftertaste, one that I couldn't define from the overriding Mage spells and time - the potion fuzzy and bubbling with so much life it wanted to be released.

I swallowed repeatedly, my eyes tearing as my body trembled worse than Ezra's.

This was some strong shit.

Hastily, keeping a firm hand clamped over my mouth, I slammed my other hand on Ezra's chest directly over his Core and then whispered the spell the Mage had written: "From the willing to the dying take from me your life."

Instantaneously, my eyes flew back into my head as power surged within my Core. Dizziness took hold as my Shifter power began rotating inside my frame like a fan's unhindered blade. Sweat beaded on my body as I felt it physically take hold of the potion I had consumed. Struggling to stay upright over him, I grunted as a whirlwind of power rippled down my arm to Ezra's chest.

His body arched under me, his mouth opening on a silent inhale. My hand glowed black, sparkling with gold where I touched him, but I didn't release him, throwing myself on top of his straining body. Power began to churn in the air around us, enough energy to toss the items in the spare room into the air.

Thoughts beginning to blur, I turned my head to the side, ordering Bonnie, "Keep Bindi back, but don't hurt her too bad." The order was given not a moment too soon. I heard Bindi exit the room she had gone into - the door banging open - and then Bonnie was springing off the bed and racing out of the bedroom.

Gritting my teeth, I beared down, using all of my Shifter strength to keep Ezra still. Beginning to see sparkles in my vision, I closed my eyes and tucked my face close to his neck so I could smell his blood. Ignoring the shrieks from Bindi in the living room, I sniffed hard and long. And growled, still smelling silver in him. I pushed harder on the tumult inside my body, throwing to him the full force of the power that still resided in me.

A low groan escaped his throat, and it was the most joyous sound to my heart, even as I felt myself slip and begin to fall. Physically and mentally. Physically, it was the beat of my heart, the very air inside my lungs, and the racing pulse of energy that flew through my system. And mentally, I couldn't stop the fall because it was beautiful. All consuming. A link that pulled me to him, wanting me to give more.

Give it all. Give myself. To him. To save him.

I would willingly give my life for him, and the spell knew it. "Ezra." Shoving my vitality into his Core, I released my life for his, loving him.

Him.

Chapter Twenty-Six

A hard, blunt object slammed against my ribs.

Grunting, I rolled to the side, the contact breaking. Breathless, I blinked blurrily at the dark ceiling, lying on my back next to Ezra and hearing the flying debris inside the room fall in a clatter to the floor. An odd silence attacked my ears.

Until Bindi screamed, "What the hell were you doing?"

My head fell to the side in the direction of her voice. Even though she was out of focus, her tall, beautiful form fuzzy, I could see she was the one that had hit me. She was clutching a long candlestick in one hand and, I blinked, Bonnie's limp form was cradled in her other arm. Her lips were trembling on her furious face. Blood was drying on her arms, where there were thin scratches that were now only pink marks, almost healed.

My eyelids drooped on a shaky exhale. "Helping." My body shuddered, my muscles relaxing to the point that I knew I could no longer move.

She shrieked, "Helping? I've never seen magic like that before! Are you insane?"

A muffled laugh croaked from my chest, my breathing beginning to falter. "Maybe."

"Sweetheart?" Ezra's voice was soft and hoarse.

The sound entirely captivating, my breath wavered completely.

Bindi gasped, her mouth gaping wide. The candlestick fell from her fingers, and she dumped Bonnie's limp form on my stomach and bent over Ezra, clutching his face. "King Zeller? Can you hear me?"

Bonnie didn't move on top of me any more than I could, but I heard a soft growl from under the bed even as Ezra rumbled softly, "What? Bindi? Did I hear Lily?"

Bindi's answer was to stare wide-eyed, then her hands started glowing, roving over his head.

Ezra blinked bewildered eyes. "Bindi, what are you doing?" His voice was growing stronger. He even lifted a quick hand, grabbing her shoulder just as Clyde jumped onto the bed, and grunting, he raised his other hand to catch the lion cub, but Clyde wasn't aiming toward Bindi. Instead, he darted around Ezra's reaching grasp and raced to me, or more precisely, to Bonnie.

Ezra's gaze darted to the side, leaving Bindi's shocked one and following Clyde. His eyes met mine. And it was the most beautiful sight I had ever seen. Green light so perfect they should never close again, bright and full of life. I felt my lips tilt slightly, the small movement all my body would allow, my own eyes tearing.

Slowly, he blinked. "Lily, what's going on?"

I swallowed, the effort hard, and whispered between unmoving lips. "You'll live."

Again, another slow blink, then his eyebrows slammed together. Suddenly, he blurred, pushing Bindi away and rolling to his side, rising on an elbow over me. "Your heartbeat's not normal." He pressed his hand between my br**sts, his breathing faltering as his power surged. "Something's not right. Your power's off." Eyes scanning the room, his gaze quickly slated to Bindi, and he asked on a hiss, "Did you hurt her?"

"King Zeller, please lie back down," Bindi babbled, eyes still wide. "You shouldn't be moving."

Ezra's gaze narrowed dangerously, even as Clyde made a whimpering noise next to me and thumped his head against Bonnie's limp paw, and Ezra yelled, "Tell me what you did? There's something wrong with her!"

"Nothing. She was doing damage to you. A spell." She shook her head, trying to push him back on the bed, only to have her hands slapped away by an increasingly infuriated Ezra. "You're sick, King Zeller. Silver poisoning. You need to rest."

Ezra's eyes slammed wide, and his breath hitched. "The battle." A blink. "There was an arrow...I was shot three times." Bindi nodded vigorously and tried to push him back again but received the same aggravated brush-off. "I'm fine. Leave me the hell alone." His gaze slammed to mine. "What is she talking about? What spell?"

I swallowed again, a shudder racking my body, and managed to whisper, "You'll live."

He froze. Two panting breaths. "Sweetheart, what the hell have you done?"

Gazing into his eyes, my lips tilted in the barest smile. "Worth it."

Stunning green eyes slowly enlarged, and again I felt his power surge. His gaze darted to his hand on my chest. His breathing faltered, and then he shouted, "What the f**k have you done?" Frantic eyes found my drooping gaze. "Oh, Jesus Christ. No, no, no, no." A beat later, he was standing next to the bed, tugging a sheet around his bare waist.

His body looked strong. Healthy. It was so worth it.

Tying the sheet around his waist, his eyes began glowing, and harshly he ordered Bindi, "I don't think this is anything you can fix. Call my dad. Tell him we need help now and to bring Elder Farrar."

Bindi blinked, appearing as if she was going to faint instead of the strong physician she was, but she nodded dazedly and quickly raced from the room.

Ezra scooped me into his arms, Bonnie going along for the ride on my stomach, her eyes blinking as slowly as mine. His grip was bruising he held me so hard, his brightly glowing gaze intent on the doorway to wherever Bindi was outside this room.

Only a few moments later, she raced back inside. "He's coming. I've explained that you're awake and there's a situation."

A second later, there was a bright flash from beyond the doorway in the living room. Cahal blurred into the bedroom, stopping directly inside with assessing eyes. Antonio, Elder Jacobs, and Elder Merrick raced into the room after him, doing exactly the same.

Breath wheezing, I tried to keep my eyes open as Ezra stated instantly, "Bindi said I had silver poisoning."

Cahal's gaze was intent on his son. "Yes."

In fact, everyone was moving categorically slow, watching him.

"I don't anymore." He jostled me a little in his arms and his voice trembled. "Lily did some kind of spell and now something's wrong with her."

Antonio stiffened, his gaze crashing to mine. "Lil?"

Voice only the barest sound, I wheezed, "He'll live."

"She keeps saying that," Ezra shouted, his gaze slamming to mine. "What did you do?"

Antonio began approaching with slow motions even as Cahal began moving forward, each with their hands out, walking side by side. Their eyes were intent on Ezra, and Antonio murmured softly, "If she used a spell, I need to touch her to see what's wrong."

Ezra stiffened, lifting me higher in his grip. "Don't you already know what she did? You see the future and it was," a Vampire hiss vibrated throughout his body against my side, "a f**king spell. Where else would she get it from?"

Antonio shook his head, both he and Cahal stopping in front of us. "I didn't give it to her. I may see the future for certain issues, but not everything. I don't know what she's done." He paused, and then whispered, "I love her as my own daughter, Ezra."

Ezra was visibly trembling, but after a silent moment he nodded jerkily, sitting on the bed. Readjusting me on his lap and placing Bonnie's limp body on a pillow - Clyde instantly nuzzling against her - he turned his glowing eyes on Antonio. "If I find out you're lying, I'll strangle you."

I blinked up at him, breathing, "Not nice."

He growled. A Vampire one. Directly at Antonio. "No, I'm not f**king nice."

Antonio cleared his throat, and fluidly and - very - slowly got to his knees in front of Ezra. He lifted a hand while Cahal hovered directly next to him, watching Ezra. His hand gently rested between my br**sts and began to glow. Antonio jerked instantly, his breathing rasping. His eyes on mine, his voice shook. "Oh, Lil."

"What?" Ezra asked rapidly. "She doesn't feel right. I know that much. Her heartbeat's faltering. She can hardly breathe. Can't move. And her Core power's off." A pause. "What's wrong with her?"

"Her Core power's off?" Elder Jacobs asked, sounding like he was talking to himself.

Antonio's gaze never left mine, even as he lifted his other hand, murmuring absently, "This can't be right." Placing his other hand on my forehead, he began to glow, whispering, "Retrieve." Immediately, he began to visibly shake and sweat dotted his brow, his body glowing even brighter.

I felt nothing odd, but the brightness bothered me so I turned my head away. My eyes met Ezra's. His green gaze was still glowing bright, piercing through Antonio's radiance. His didn't bother me so much, even if his gaze was furious. Feeling sleepy, I started to shut my eyes, but that wasn't to be, since Ezra jiggled me repeatedly, making me keep my eyes open.

Brusquely, Antonio shouted, "Fucking retrieve, goddamn it!" And he blasted us all with a brilliant light, so bright it had to rival the sun's.

I heard Ezra grunt, but his grip only tightened on me in the golden glow.

It was suddenly gone and Antonio teetered to the side, hands sliding off me, his golden head of hair falling forward as his head dipped. Cahal grabbed his shoulders, catching him, but Antonio jerked at the contact. He pushed Cahal's arms away almost drunkenly, muttering, "I'm fine." He didn't look fine, and coming from me that was saying something, since I was close to being dead, my vision faltering only to spurt to life with each catching breath.

Cahal snorted but didn't try to help any further.

"I got it," Antonio mumbled, his back hitting the wall where he sat on the ground and staying there, his head listing to the side. But his eyes glowed again as he brushed hair off his perspiring face. He waved a lazy finger, and suddenly, a transparent image appeared directly in front of him.

It was of the beach. I blinked - my breath faltering again - realizing that it was a memory. My memory. Because every once in a while, the moving landscape would alter when I had glanced down, looking at Bonnie. There was even the sound of my breathing and the ocean waves and the seagulls. It was from earlier today.

They were going to see the deal I had struck.

Ezra's grip tightened on me when he saw the door appear in the vision.

"Jesus f**king Christ, Lil," Antonio muttered. "Tell me you didn't..." He trailed off, watching as I opened the door and stepped through the opening. "Oh...shit." Glancing sharply at Elder Merrick, he stated in a cold voice, "Get Elder Harcourt in here. Now."

Ezra growled, watching as I moved through the forest, even as Elder Merrick left the room. "What the hell is that place?"

"A restricted Mage space," Antonio whispered, standing to his feet and moving around the image to position himself on steady legs next to us and Cahal. "She never should have been there. It's forbidden."

Antonio flicked his finger, and the image began fast-forwarding. And then went blank. Black, nothing there. He grunted and flicked his finger again, and the image came alive, but in reverse. Another flick and the scene became me running through the silent forest again at regular speed. Only to have the image go blank again.

"Shit," Antonio muttered, eyes still on the empty image.

"What's happening?" Ezra rumbled, his voice turning Vampire.

"Wherever she entered, I couldn't access it by memory," Antonio growled in irritation. He glanced at me. "Who was the Mage you met with?"

I swallowed, my heart and breathing faltering again, and Ezra jerked me hard when my eyes started to close. Eyes fluttering open, I whispered, "Knocker. No name." That was the truth. I had never asked. I couldn't help Antonio.

"Christ, Lil," he muttered, jerking his finger again in irritation.

Ezra was growling lightly as he stared at the black image, and he pressed his hand to my chest. I felt instant peace. My heart no longer hurt, and though my breathing was still labored and I couldn't move, I no longer sensed it. A soft groan of contentment reverberated from my throat, and Ezra's head tilted, resting on top of mine even as he trembled and growled, his eyes still glowing fiercely.

"There," Cahal murmured, the image back on the beach, but in fast-forward.

Antonio tilted his head, and the image slowed, but still not to regular speed. They watched silently until I had pulled my phone out, hiding in the shadows while watching Cahal's suite door, and Antonio lifted his head, the image going to normal speed. They heard my conversation with Jack, heard me say that I loved him and Pearl. And what I had asked of them.

Elder Jacobs made an odd noise, then muttered, "Now we know who created that damn mess."

They all leaned forward, watching my actions intently as I snuck into the room. Saw me break Ezra's door, creep inside, and ask Bindi to leave. Ezra blinked slowly, seeing himself as he had been. He looked as good as new, now. His skin was back to normal, flush with life, no lingering effects of his poisoning. His lips even looked plump and soft again.

No, I didn't regret it at all.

They watched as I straddled him. And as soon as I brought the vial out of my pocket, Antonio flicked a finger, and the image stilled. He leaned forward further, studying the image, and then glanced over his shoulder, growling, "Do you know what type of potion that is?"

"No." I blinked when I heard Elder Harcourt's voice behind me somewhere.

"Fuck," Antonio muttered, turning his face back to the image, staring at the potion. "Did you give her the knocker?"

Elder Harcourt cleared his throat. "I didn't physically hand it to her."

Antonio straightened. Swung an arm back. Golden light erupted from his palm, arching over our heads. I heard Elder Harcourt grunt and Bindi gasp. Antonio turned slowly, and never before had I seen him look so pissed. He moved his hand, and Elder Harcourt came into my line of sight, caught in Antonio's web of Mage magic a few feet off the ground.

"He was telling the truth," Elder Merrick stated slowly from somewhere behind us.

"Did. You. Give. It. To. Her?" Antonio hissed, eyes steadfast on Elder Harcourt.

Elder Harcourt grunted again, his wrinkled face contorting in discomfort. "I touched her when she was a babe." A pause. "I left the knocker for her to find."

I blinked. I had no clue what that - being touched as a babe - really meant, although, I didn't believe it was meant in a corrupt way. I also hadn't known he had met me as a child.

Antonio's gaze swung over our heads, and Elder Merrick voiced quietly, "Truth."

Elder Harcourt gasped. "You saw some of this, Antonio."

"I saw her choice to save him!" Antonio shouted. "Not how! It was a damn blackness. I didn't see her hurt!"

"You saw it correctly," Elder Harcourt whispered, his own eyes beginning to glow.

Antonio stiffened then sluggishly lowered Elder Harcourt to the ground. "You had better not have f**ked with her future. You know how the last time played out when someone screwed with time." He dropped the golden web holding Elder Harcourt.

It seemed all of the Elders stiffened at that comment.

Ezra smiled at Elder Harcourt. With fang. "And I will personally kill you if she even flinches in pain."

Elder Harcourt wiped his brow and smiled cheerily. "Ah, Ezra. I've touched you, too." I saw Cahal freeze next to us even as Elder Harcourt stated happily, "I know your path as well as hers. I know how to stay off your hit list."

Ah, it meant he knew our future. Wonderful.

There was a tense silence, then Antonio muttered, "Oh, f**k off, Richard. I need to figure this out." He turned back to the image of me freeze-framed: me straddling Ezra, vial in my hand. "What the hell is the black?" His head cocked, studying the image.

Elder Harcourt moved forward, his wrinkled hand rubbing his chin. He pointed at Ezra's ashen image. "Death." His finger swung to the vial. "Life." He blinked, his hand falling to his side. "Oh."

"What?" Antonio asked instantly.

"Someone else I once touched," his gaze fell to the floor, "I remember..." He sighed, glancing back to the liquid. "That's the individual's willingly-given life."

"Black magic?" Antonio asked, but immediately shook his head. "No. Willingly given. And otherwise she wouldn't have been able to get it in here." He worked his shoulders, and I noticed through my blinking that the action looked remarkably like what I did to remove tension, noticing it only for the first time. "Who the hell is the Mage that went with that knocker?"

Elder Harcourt slightly hesitated, then whispered, "Clarice."

Everyone in the room stiffened, including Ezra under me. As my eyes fluttered open and shut, I had the insane thought that I should probably pick up a history book and study. Ezra actually started to remove me from his lap, shouting, "Tell me again why I shouldn't kill you right now?"

"No, no." Elder Harcourt waved a quick hand. "Clarice didn't harm her." He blinked, and a funny smile painted his lips before he turned back to the image, oblivious to how Cahal had to slam a hand down on Ezra's shoulder to keep him seated. "Play the rest, Antonio. There has to be more."

"I cannot believe you sent her to Clarice," Antonio muttered, rubbing his forehead before flicking a finger. "I'm thinking Ezra's got the right of it, and you should be dead."

Elder Harcourt only shrugged his shoulders.

Ezra stilled as the image came to life again, quickly holding me close and resting his head on mine. He saw me chug the vial, barely keeping the liquid down, then murmur the words. He stiffened as Antonio cursed. Watching my hand glow and hold him down, the image actually getting blurry as my vision dimmed, his breathing faltered just as heavily as mine.

"Let go," Antonio whispered to the image. "Break it, Lil."

But I didn't break it. I hadn't wanted to. They watched as I continued to give more of myself, giving everything I could to Ezra. The image only cut off when Bindi hit me with the candlestick, her infuriated face the last the image showed.

Silence descended on the room.

Antonio's chest rose, fell heavily. He glanced at me once before he started pacing the room's littered floor. "Ezra, search her. See if she has the knocker on her."

Ezra's palm moved from my chest, and instantly, I once more felt the rattle of death inside me. Oddly, it didn't hurt. It was just a bizarre sensation, knowing what it was. I had knocked on death's door, and death was knocking back. Kind of fitting for how this all started.

"You can't be serious," Cahal stated, even as Ezra laid me on the bed and began searching me.

Antonio shot him a special look. "And if it was Ezra in this situation?"

Cahal's lips thinned, his eyes finding his son. He didn't speak again.

"Don't," I wheezed, "have it."

Ezra stilled over my boots. "What?"

"She," I sucked air, "took it."

He braced his hands on either side of my legs, his glowing green gaze slamming to Antonio. "What now?" He paused. "Can't I give some of," his fist rubbed against the middle of his bare muscular chest, "this back?" I wheezed, and he blurred, rapidly lying beside me, his hand back on the center of my chest and giving me peace.

Antonio's jaw clenched, and he glanced at Elder Harcourt. "I don't know a spell against death."

Elder Harcourt blinked. "That's why I gave her the knocker."

Antonio's nostrils flared. "Being obtuse isn't an attractive trait. She's on f**king death's bed. Tell me what the hell to do!"

"Why, Antonio, you do the only thing you can," Elder Harcourt said softly.

Antonio sighed in aggravated frustration and began pacing again.

Silently, Elder Harcourt stared after him, rubbing his chin.

"You know how to fix this," Ezra rumbled, staring hard at the older Mage. "You already said that you know her path. Just tell him what to do."

Antonio shook his head. "He obviously can't." He rolled his hands in front of him, his feet still eating up the floor as he appeared like he was having an internal debate, even though he said nothing more verbally.

"It alters time if he wasn't supposed to give the advice in the first place," Cahal said offhandedly when Ezra began growling quietly, his son's attention stuck on the older Mage.

"She needs life," Antonio muttered to himself.

Elder Harcourt hummed in his throat, the sound neither good nor bad.

I turned my eyes completely from them as they began debating, and stared up at Ezra. He must have felt it because he looked down at me. He blinked and his eyes stopped glowing, just staring at me with his striking gaze and searching mine as he whispered, "You shouldn't have done this."

My lips tilted. Oh yes, I should have. "What would," a sharp inhale, "you have done?"

His own lips tilted, his chest hitching. "Nothing different."

"See," I breathed, as everyone began arguing around us, then mouthed, "I love you, husband."

"I love you, too, wife," he mouthed, his lips thinning and his nostrils flaring as he swept his free hand over my forehead into my hair. His eyes instantly glistened, gleaming even brighter. Unshed tears. He cleared his throat, glancing away, up to his petting hand and his fingers threading through my hair.

My heart swelled for him. I wanted to comfort but was unable to move. "Ezra."

"Shh," he whispered. "You're not going to die." His chin trembled for the barest moment before he clenched it hard with an clicking noise. His nostrils flared again, harshly inhaling. His eyes met mine and I saw resolve there, a hardness that was all inner strength, all Ezra. "You're not." Green eyes slated to Antonio, who was arguing with Elder Merrick. "Blood, Elder Farrar. Blood is life."

Everyone went silent enough to hear Elder Harcourt as he hummed, and this time, it was a hum of approval.

"I know this," Antonio stated, eyebrows puckering as he glanced at Elder Harcourt. He stared at the Elder, deep in thought. He blinked. A pause. Another blink. "But her Core is almost empty."

Elder Jacobs snorted. "Everyone knows that a parent can give their blood and a portion of their Core power to their child, healing their child's body against anything mystical." He paused. "I actually knew a parent that did it. It was rough going for a while for the parent and child, but they gained everything back."

Elder Harcourt held Antonio's gaze.

Bindi shook her head. "I remember her medical file saying her mother has passed on."

"What about her father?" Elder Merrick asked. "Is he still alive?"

"Yes," Elder Harcourt said softly. "He can handle the Core loss since he's the most powerful of his four."

Antonio stiffened.

Ezra stiffened.

Hell, even I stiffened, which hurt like a son of a bitch.

He knew who my biological dad was?

Cahal glanced at the three of us, his eyes piercing. "The most powerful of his four?" His voice could cut like a deadly blade, it was so sharp. "He's an Elder?"

I was pretty sure the three of us didn't breathe at all.

Elder Jacobs's eyes danced between us. "I'm not sure what I'm missing here, but the important thing would be to find him. If he's an Elder, he may already be here at King Cave, right?"

Elder Harcourt's shaggy, golden eyebrows rose at Antonio's regard, and he harmlessly placed his hands in his pockets.

After he had dropped that bomb on us.

Cahal asked crisply, "Antonio, what the f**k is going on? Your heart rate, and my son's, are both going crazy, not to mention that Lily's actually sped up." He paused. "And now it's faltering again."

My breathing hitched, my eyes fluttering. He was right. Elder Harcourt's pronouncement hadn't helped my predicament any.

Antonio licked his lips, his golden gaze turning to me, and he whispered, "It's the only way."

"No," Ezra demanded. "There has to be another option."

Antonio blinked. "There's not." He disappeared.

Ezra's breath caught, his heart rate galloping into a wild frenzy. "He wouldn't."

I stared where Antonio used to stand and breathed, "He did."

Ezra's gaze darted around the room, and I felt his power surge to epic levels, his eyes glowing bright. Command full force in his tone, he shouted, "Get the f**k out. Now!"

No one moved.

Ezra sucked in a harsh breath, eyebrows slamming together, and again his power surged, and he ordered, "Get the f**k out!"

No one moved.

Cahal's own eyebrows were pinched together, but he stated evenly, "This suite is spelled for only my command."

Ezra froze, breath hitching, his eyes on his dad. "Order them to leave."

Cahal's gaze was searching, confusion clear on his normally stoic face.

"You'd better not try any Vampire shit on me," Elder Merrick growled quietly.

It was too late.

Antonio had reappeared with his hand firmly planted on Elder Venclaire's shoulder.

Chapter Twenty-Seven

The silence was damning, my future clearly in a noose.

Not a soul moved until Ezra blurred so fast that all I felt was the brush of wind against my side...then his fist was hammering into the side of Antonio's face. He actually...floated. He followed the trajectory of Antonio's body, catching him by the throat to hold him flush against the wall, his whole body quivering as he hissed in Antonio's bloody face, "You bring him here to save her, only to give her a death sentence."

Antonio didn't fight back, merely stared him in the eyes as Ezra squeezed the living shit out of his throat, killing him, strangling him as he said he would.

Gulping air, I whispered, "Ezra." If he murdered him he would have a death sentence, too. "No!" Not to mention, I didn't want Antonio dead for saving my ass the only way he knew how.

Cahal recovered the fastest from Elder Venclaire's - Daddy's - arrival and Ezra's attack on Antonio. He blurred to Ezra's side, and I felt his power surge as Ezra's had done moments ago. "Let him go."

Ezra grunted, and it looked like he gripped Antonio's throat harder, fighting his dad's command.

Elder Venclaire was instantly on the other side of them. "Ezra, no harm will come to her. I swear this to you." He put no command behind his words, even as Cahal grabbed Ezra's wrist, trying to break his son's hold physically.

Ezra's head turned to him. "You know she's your daughter? You'll help her?"

Elder Venclaire glanced at me, his gaze worried. "I'll help her." Soft words. "And I've known she's my daughter since I knew who her mother was." A small smile lifted his lips, even as my breath hitched. "She may look much like Angela, but she looks plenty like me, too." He placed a gentle hand on top of Cahal's gripping one. "Ezra, let Elder Farrar go. I'll hide her as I've planned to do, if needed, but it will be harder to hide both of you."

"Release him!" Cahal shouted, shoving his face and command directly in Ezra's face. "Now, goddamn it!"

Ezra blinked at his dad, and his floating stopped, his feet firmly planting on the floor. The movement not at all forced, he took his hand away from Antonio's throat and stepped back, picking up my gun that had been tossed around the room in the whirlwind of the earlier spell, even as Cahal caught Antonio, who had begun to fall, coughing hard. Ezra didn't seem to notice, though, throwing the safety off the gun and aiming it at Elder Jacobs and Elder Merrick as he moved toward the bed, Bindi having - smartly - hid behind them.

Intelligently, they stayed silent, even though their eyes were as wide as saucers, their gazes darting between the recovering Antonio, Elder Venclaire, and the gun aimed at them.

"Ezra," I wheezed as he lifted the sheet to his knees with his free hand to climb onto the bed. "No killing."

"Fuck that," he muttered, eyes never leaving Elder Merrick and Elder Jacobs, even as his lips twitched, and he echoed my earlier comment, "What would you do?"

I blinked, a small smile lifting my lips. "Nothing different." And it was the truth.

"Damn straight," he rumbled, crawling behind me to place his back against the headboard. He used his free arm to pull me between his legs, settling my own back against his chest, my head resting on his shoulder. His arm circled my waist, holding me close as he rested his shooting arm over my shoulder, gun aimed directly on the two mute Elders and one silent physician.

Next to us on a pillow, Clyde was resting much the same, lying around Bonnie's slight, quiet form and watching the proceedings, but his claws were out like he was waiting for an attack.

Again, my lips lifted, and I breathed, "Bonnie and Clyde." My eyelids fluttered.

Ezra's deep chuckle reverberated at my ear and against my back as his chest vibrated.

Antonio rolled his head around on his shoulders, only to go into another coughing fit, but brushed away any help. In fact, he pushed Elder Venclaire's shoulder, shoving him in our direction. He rasped, "She doesn't have much time left. Go do it."

Elder Venclaire blurred, instantly at our side.

Ezra didn't flinch and the gun didn't falter at the action, nor did he move when Elder Venclaire sat on the bed. Instead, he asked evenly, "What do you need to do?"

"She'll need to drink from me since we can't give her my blood intravenously. Her body would reject it because it's pure Vampire." Blue eyes, just like mine, met my own. "You'll need to quit masking so my power can find your own." Softly, his fingers brushed a hair off my cheek. "It's truly remarkable that you're even doing it now."

"Practice," I whispered. My heart literally faltered as I felt everyone's eyes on us, and Ezra gave me a shake. My eyes slammed open, though I hadn't even realized they had closed.

"Hurry," Ezra grumbled.

My dad placed his hand gently over my Core and whispered, "Relax." And I immediately felt calm. "Open for me. Quit masking."

Glancing at the others, who now wore varying expressions, my breath hitched, but I did as told. I quit masking. Years of training and survival instincts screamed at me, calling me a fool, as I laid myself bare to the power surging in the room, everyone already testing for the truth. I saw all but Antonio's and Richard's eyes widen, some more than others, their astonishment evident.

"Good," Elder Venclaire murmured, and I felt his power rise, his eyes beginning to glow. "Now, the hardest part." His eyes met mine. "Don't send me anything to dull my senses while you drink." He placed his free arm's wrist at my mouth. "I need to be coherent for this next part."

I blinked. I was starving, but I couldn't move. I didn't even think my fangs could extend. Inhaling a lungful of air, I whispered, "Can't."

Ezra and my biological dad both stilled.

Ezra cursed harshly, a round of inventive words, definitely not made for polite company, zinging throughout the room. "She's worse than we thought." Lifting his hand from around my waist, he tilted my head back, arching my neck before returning it to my waist, and then he gruffly ordered Elder Venclaire, "Bite yourself."

I couldn't see anything but Ezra's face the way he had me tilted. His eyes were more than likely still trained on Elder Jacobs, Elder Merrick, and Bindi, but they did dart down to mine, and he rumbled, "When this is all said and done, I've decided I'm going to kick your ass."

A breathy chuckle wheezed out of me, and I felt my heart stop. Completely stop. It squeezed painfully, only to thump again sluggishly. I coughed, even as Ezra's own heart took off wildly, his eyes landing on mine and staying there. And then my father's wrist was at my mouth.

Rich and spicy blood poured past my lips and over my teeth, sliding down my tongue to my throat. I whimpered quietly as the heady taste of powerful Vampire filled my senses. I got in only one good swig before he healed. A bitty growl erupted in my throat. Pure Vampire.

Ezra's head was tilted, more than likely listening to my still faltering heart, but one eyebrow rose, his eyes darting to mine. "He wouldn't heal if you let the girls out to play."

And before my dad pulled his wrist back to bite himself it again, my fangs did descend, my body's natural instinct coming to life, and I bit into my biological dad's wrist.

He grunted softly. "There she goes." I took a large pull from him, but instinct was a double-headed bitch because I instantly began sending him serenity. He jerked, shaking his wrist at my mouth, barking, "No!"

I stopped drinking, breathing heavily through my nose. Christ.

Ezra's eyes darted to mine. "So what do you think Jack and Pearl did to rouse everyone in the cave when you called and," he glanced at me as I slowly took another pull, listening to him, "blatantly lied to them?" He paused. "I'm betting it was something hideous." His eyes met and held mine, and I took another tentative pull. "Too bad I bet it won't be as heinous as what they're going to do to you once they find out you tricked them."

I took another pull, a larger one this time. And I didn't send anything, but my eyes hooded at the rich taste pouring over my senses. Ezra chose that moment to glance down. His mouth was open to say something else, but he paused, and it snapped shut. Eyes going to the wrist at my lips, his own gaze hooded. I groaned softly, hungrily, as I pulled again, hearing a grunt come from my biological dad when I pulled long and hard.

Ezra's hooded gaze narrowed, and he bent his head, placing his lips against my ear. "Is he better than your favorite?" Even though his voice was barely a breath, his tone was clipped and short.

I blinked even as my biological dad muttered, "For f**k's sake, Ezra. She was out for two days straight in the infirmary." He grunted as I pulled again. "She's starving."

Ezra lifted his head back to stare me in the eyes, his gaze still hooded. I would have laughed if I wasn't lying there dying. He was actually jealous that I might find someone tastier than him. And the truly sad thing was that even though my dad was damn delicious, I very much preferred Ezra's taste over any I had ever had.

Ezra sniffed and pulled his eyes back up to where he had the gun trained. "I'm sure that's it."

Hilarity bubbled inside me, and I felt my lips curve more than they had been able before.

Elder Venclaire snorted. "Jesus, that's unbelievable." A pause. "I need to start pouring my power into her before she bleeds me dry." Another pause. "Ezra, you'll need to put the gun down." And that tone he used didn't bode well for me.

Ezra's eyes darted his way and stayed. And the carefully blank face he plastered on most definitely didn't bode well. "Alright." He slowly lowered the gun with one last look to them.

My dad wiggled his wrist. "Let go, Lily."

I whimpered unhappily, wanting more, and most definitely not wanting whatever pain was about to come from his pouring of power.

Ezra's gaze landed on mine. "I'll give you more when he's done with this next part." Again, the short, clipped tone, and not at all in a whisper, his irritation barely masked. Gently, he placed his heated palm over my swallowing throat. "Enough."

My eyes narrowed at the command. Not a Vampire command, but an order nonetheless. I took another hard pull, making his jaw clench when I didn't immediately obey. I let my fangs unlatch from Elder Venclaire's wrist, quickly licking over the wounds. As he pulled his wrist back, I flicked my tongue over a bit of blood at the corner of my mouth and smiled at Ezra, full of fang. I didn't take orders well from anyone, not even from my husband...well, unless they were in the bedroom and private, which this most definitely was not.

Ezra's gaze narrowed, but it swiftly shot to the side.

I let my eyes travel with his and saw that Cahal had moved to the side of the bed. He was staring down at me, eyes glued to my showing fangs. He blinked slowly, his face utterly blank. But he actually leaned down a smidge, as if to get a better look.

"Dad, not now," Ezra muttered in exasperation.

Cahal's head cocked. "Is that as big as they get?"

"Dad," Ezra growled.

"How does she bite properly if they're that small?" The question was purely curious.

Ezra chuckled. "Her bite's just fine."

Instant. "Even at the neck?"

"Yes."

"How long have you known about this?"

"For quite some time."

His eyes hopped from my fangs to meet Ezra's gaze. "Hmm."

Ezra stiffened under his dad's regard, but he said evenly, "If you're done ogling, I thought we might try to save her life now."

"Oh, please do so." Cahal grinned, his teeth white and straight, and he gestured for my dad and Ezra to continue. "I'm here if you need the added muscle."

My fangs retracted instantly at the reminder of pain, and my heart faltered again. I still wasn't a big fan, even if I had brass balls when they were needed. No matter how tough I got, I didn't think knowing I was going to be hurt in advance would ever be a tranquil thought.

Ezra eyed his dad, as did Elder Venclaire, but eventually, when my heart fluttered again, Elder Venclaire jerked his head at my feet. "You can hold her legs."

Cahal nodded and went to my feet. His large hands wrapped around my ankles. He blinked, and his gaze flew to his hands. And a reaction, his response to the difference in our size, just flew out of his mouth, and I was pretty sure it was without forethought. "I might break her."

Ezra chuckled, grabbing my wrists to cross them over my stomach and hold them there tightly, he muttered, "Dad, just try not to get your brains bashed in."

Cahal snorted and nodded to Elder Venclaire.

On the mattress, Elder Venclaire rose on his knees, his power rising with him, and he glanced at me with glowing blue eyes. "I'm sorry, but this is going to hurt."

I blinked. "Yeah." Um, got that already.

He placed his hand on the center of my chest, directly over my Core. A deep inhale. His power surged the air around us, making me marvel at the strength he had been hiding because I had never felt this from him. Ezra and Cahal didn't seem surprised by it, but I saw everyone who wasn't Vampire visibly jerk in astonishment. It was always the quiet, nice ones who surprised you the most with their hidden talents.

I quickly dispelled the idea, though, when he closed his eyes and let his power release down his palm and straight into my Core. And even though I thought my body had no life left in it, I lurched hard, bucking with a scream so earth-shattering it was enough to make Bindi race from the room. Any and all Shifter strength I had came to the fore, and I fought against the surge that felt like a million bee stings jabbing into my Core then scattering throughout my body with twirling stingers the size of switchblades.

Ezra, Elder Venclaire, and Cahal all grunted simultaneously, pressing to keep me contained.

"Ezra!" I screamed, jerking inside his hold. "Please, let me," I choked, then shrieked another piercing cry, more of the same agony slicing through me, "go! Let me go, let me go, let me go!"

Wordlessly, he held me only tighter, even as he shuddered, curling his legs around my thighs.

I pulled at my legs, feeling the hurled slices race down them, making Cahal brace even further. I shook my head, feeling hot tears trickle down my cheeks. Another shriek left me, and I choked on it. My head automatically turned to Ezra's neck, and as I started to sob, great tremors racking my body, I scented him. For a moment, I stilled, my nostrils flaring.

My first real scent of him since the silver had evaporated.

I held it in and kept my face directly under his sharp jaw, against the heat of his smooth flesh, as the rest of my body instinctively began trying to again fight away from the pain, tears racing down my cheeks. But I sobbed quietly.

No more screaming. No more pleas.

I had done this.

I was getting my due.

And it was worth it, just for that pure, spicy scent of him. He was alive and strong. I would endure much worse than this to have him healthy, although, death seemed like a kind mercy right now.

Elder Venclaire continued his power surge, his Core filling mine. And that was what sliced through my system. It wasn't only energy or vitality. It was magic. A Mystical's very existence.

As a shiver racked me, every muscle in my frame straining, Elder Venclaire murmured, "I'm almost at what it will allow me. I can feel it shutting down." His voice was quiet, soft, even as he pressed down on me with more strength than I knew he possessed in his refined frame. "Just a few more seconds."

My teeth chattered as I trembled, and I whimpered on a whisper as my body struggled for release from their prisoning arms.

And then it was gone. Utterly gone. No power flooded the room. No bee stings from hell floating like demon's playthings inside me. Just nothing.

Ezra's hands instantly released my wrists, one going to the back of my head and pressing my face more firmly against his neck, the other smoothing down one of my hands to intertwine his fingers with mine, our wedding rings touching. He cleared his throat hard, his chest heaving against my back as he stated quietly, "Elder Harcourt, you had better get the f**k out of here before I murder someone."

Elder Harcourt's response was soft. "Duly noted." I heard him hobbling across the room even as shivers still racked my body as aftershocks. Before he exited, he murmured, "But you are both alive when you might not have been." A pause. "Remember that, King Zeller." Another pause, more of a hesitation by the way he stuttered, but eventually he stated, "I also want to say to the both of you...I'm sorry for what..." He sighed. "Just, please, try for control...it won't be my..." A soft chuckle, his words never finishing, the sound odd. "Never mind, you won't recall."

I was confused as hell, my mind still swimming with the fact I wasn't in horrendous pain, but I heard Antonio growl, "Get the f**k out."

"Yes, of course," Elder Harcourt stated softly, and then the sound of his shuffling moved farther away until I couldn't hear it anymore.

I tried to move, but I realized I was still trapped. And not only that, my body was like a dead weight again, maybe even worse than before. My breathing hitched, and I whispered, "I can't move."

Ezra's fingers dug into my hair, holding my face tight to him. "Let her go."

I heard Elder Venclaire groan, his hand sliding off me, then the bed wobbled crazily.

Cahal cursed by my feet as he released me, and I felt the bed move again, and he was shouting sharply, "Venclaire! Venclaire!"

Elder Jacobs interjected, "He's fine. That's what happens. He has only passed out and should recover in a few hours. His Core will take longer, but he'll be up and about in a few days."

Antonio's voice was closer than before, virtually beside me, asking softly, "Lil? How are you?"

"How do you think she is?" Ezra growled, his grip tightening. "You were in the f**king room."

I tried to fortify myself, but it came out a croak when I said, "I still can't move." It was driving me crazy. It was claustrophobia on a whole different level. "It's worse than before." Before, I knew I was dying. It made sense. Now, my Core was semi-filled and I felt somewhat better, and it felt like I should be able to move. But I couldn't, and my wolf was snarling in boxed-in anxiety, no longer at peace to die.

As the room went silent, Elder Jacobs stated quickly, "That's what happened to the kid I saw before." He paused. "She needs a Mage's healing massage to revitalize her muscles."

"Makes sense," Antonio murmured, even as I felt the bed dip. "Ezra, you're going to have to let her go while I do this." Ezra growled a little, the vibration in his throat tickling my nose. "It's not up for discussion. I'll do her back first, so place her on her stomach."

"Ezra, let me go," I whispered, my wolf riding my voice hard. "I feel trapped like this."

I felt his chest heave against me, but he nodded, gently laying my limp body next to him and turning my face on the bed so I could see him, his face stoically blank, with the others in the room. "Your wolf's going insane?" He knew enough to deduce the issue.

"Yes," I growled, my wolf literally pushing at my mind to break free, my eyes glowing fiercely and my heartbeat no longer lazy, instead skyrocketing. "And honestly, it's freaking me the hell out."

"Alright, sweetheart." Ezra brushed hair off my cheek, glancing over my head. "Do it, Antonio."

The bed moved again as Antonio readjusted himself, and I sighed as magically healing hands began massaging my shoulders, making my muscles twitch as his power jolted them.

Ezra glanced at Elder Jacobs, demanding, "This will heal her?"

Elder Jacobs nodded slowly as Antonio's hands started moving down my arms. "She'll be sore, but her Core and body will be back to normal within the week." He nodded to Elder Venclaire, who was passed out on the bed. "As will he."

"Well, that's better than f**king stasis, which would be the only other alternative to keep her animal from making her insane if she was paralyzed," Elder Merrick muttered, glancing at Elder Jacobs. "Could you imagine us on the brink of war and having the Queen Shifter unconscious for six months?" He paused. Blinked. "Wait, what the hell am I saying? She can't be our Queen!" His voice rose to a fever pitch. "She's a damn hybrid, which Farrar here f**king knew all along!"

"She is your Queen," Ezra expounded, Antonio's hands not faltering at Elder Merrick's pronouncement, massaging into my shoulder blades. "What makes you think she's not?"

Elder Merrick sounded like he was restraining himself. "A hybrid should be Lawfully dead. A hybrid is what creates those f**king freaks of nature. But most importantly, a hybrid cannot do a f**king Awakening!" He cursed hard.

Ezra took a deep, shuddering breath, and with as much restraint as what Elder Merrick had sounded like having, he said softly, "Your Queen has had her tubes tied magically so she can't have children. Your Queen has done an Awakening. Successfully. And I, and your Queen, believe that f**king Law to be archaic, and brutal to the extreme of murder."

Silence.

Sounding mystified, Elder Merrick muttered, "Truth. All of it." A pause, then a half-frenzied, gravelly chuckle sounded from him, which he tried to contain as he muttered quietly, "The no condom thing makes sense now."

"The four Awakenings before graduation," Cahal said softly, ignoring Elder Merrick. "That's when she did it."

"Yes," Antonio spoke calmly, kneading his fingers into my back muscles. "I have it all on videotape in a secure location so that no one can claim otherwise."

Elder Jacobs sputtered, "The Elders have been lying to us this whole time?"

Massaging the small of my back, Antonio answered quietly, "I don't know. They may truly believe it, a fabrication made long ago to keep hybrids from being born, when they saw the offspring of a hybrid and a Com. Or maybe hybrids couldn't do it in our earlier days." A pause. "I don't know their reasoning, but I've done the research and plenty of it - not even including Lily's proof with my own eyes - has declared itself in journals. Hybrids can indeed do Awakenings."

"So, I ask you again," Ezra said softly. "What makes you believe she is not your Queen?"

There were a few beats of silence, and then Elder Merrick growled, "Nothing. She is the Queen Shifter." He sounded pissed the f**k off, but no longer hysterical. "Although, there are now some Elders I would like to dig up to rip their f**king heads from their corpses."

Chapter Twenty-Eight

Antonio interrupted Elder Merrick's rambling of shredding already dead Elders, mumbling quietly, "Lil, I have to touch your...behind. You have muscles there that are used for walking and fighting."

I snorted. "You changed my diapers, Antonio."

"Yes, but you were much smaller then." He sighed. "It's so hard when kids grow up." He quickly zapped my ass, then went straight to my legs.

"Ow!" That had hurt.

"Sorry," he rumbled, sounding embarrassed, which was funny in itself. He quickly changed the subject, speaking to the others while saying evenly, "This news is not to be leaked. In due course, the four current Rulers may present the change, but right now is not the time to advertise Lily's hybrid nature."

Elder Jacobs snorted. "Agreed."

"No shit," Elder Merrick muttered.

"Of course not," Elder Zeller murmured.

"Good," Antonio stated, then he muttered, "And I'll see what I'll have to do with Bindi. She is still in the apartment, isn't she?"

Ezra and Cahal actually chuckled, glancing at each other, and then Ezra flicked a finger over my head, whispering, "She's eavesdropping right outside the door."

Softly, Antonio muttered, "Good, because if I have to wipe her memory I really don't want to have to chase her down."

Ezra's lips pinched, his gaze meeting mine before moving back up to Antonio's. "She's a good physician and I don't believe she'll say anything. She knew the twins were hybrids, and she didn't rat us out." His finger flicked again. "She's only curious." A memory wipe was horrible in both of our minds. It was like mind rape, taking away knowledge you had gained.

Antonio grunted, patting my foot. "Roll over, Lil." I rolled onto my back, biting my lip as my joints ached like an old piece of machinery that hadn't been serviced recently. Antonio smiled, apparently pleased at seeing that I was able to move - as was I - even if like an old Com, but he glanced back at Ezra, stating loudly, "I'll see just what secrets she can keep. A permanent memory wipe is only a last resort, but if it's needed, I'll do it." He tilted his head at the door as he started working on the front of my legs, now going in reverse. "Just tell me if she runs."

"Will do," Cahal murmured when his son didn't reply, leaning back against a wall, arms crossed.

Antonio's gaze hit mine, and I could tell he was still upset with me, barely hiding it with his actions and words as his fingers dug into my stomach muscles, magic sizzling.

I met his eyes evenly. "I would do it again."

"I know," he stated gruffly. "That's what scares me."

"If she's going to be ill for a week," Elder Merrick began to pace, interjecting our exchange, "The Elder Shifters will need to be told something when our Queen suddenly disappears for a week with a war knocking at our door."

Antonio shook his head. "No. No others can talk to her. How the hell does she explain it?" He shrugged a shoulder. "Oh yes, Elder such-and-such, I willingly broke into a Mage's restricted space reserved for one of the largest Mys criminals, then made a deal with the devil." He glanced at me. "And yes, none of us here are senseless enough to believe you didn't make a deal with her of some sort," my lips thinned, though I managed to control my heart rate, but he still snorted at my expression, "and God help us when that happens."

His attention went back to Elder Merrick. "And then, Elder such-and-such, I had the King Elemental and Queen Mage perform an illegal act inside our only sanctuary, and then I broke into an Elder Vampire's suite and willingly gave up my own damn life to the King Vampire, and the only way I could be brought back to life was to announce my hybrid nature and bring in my Vampire father to save the day." Again, he shrugged. "Sounds about right to get everyone shot, hanged, and burned."

The only person in the room who didn't stare at me with a narrowed gaze was Ezra.

"It does sound kinda bad when you put it like that," I muttered as Antonio massaged the front of my shoulders.

"It is that bad," Cahal said dryly, glancing to Elder Merrick. "Antonio's right. We should allow only you to answer any questions to the Elder Shifters. Come up with a story that will fly on everyone's truth radar." His gaze met mine. "You'll just have to suck it up and not recover in your room the whole time, and make believable performances, so no one suspects you're hurting."

I gritted my teeth as Ezra helped me sit up, since Antonio was done with the massage. "I can handle that." Hopefully.

Elder Merrick sighed, giving me a glare, knowing I wasn't being completely honest, but he still turned his attention to his group, asking, "Then what's the damn believable story?"

Everyone was silent, considering, until Antonio's head teetered back and forth, murmuring, "If anyone notices she's not up to par just tell them the arrow that pierced her thigh did more damage than expected, which caused a need for a blood transfusion, which she couldn't have. Just don't mention why she couldn't have the transfusion. So, she's drained of energy, which she actually is, and since she's an anomaly to most anyway, they'll believe this to be the cause."

Elder Merrick's jaw clenched. "They'll suspect something's askew."

Elder Jacobs retorted, "Suspecting is better than knowing."

I sighed, sluggishly rubbing my forehead. "Once I drink again, I'm sure I'll feel better. Elder Venclaire wasn't incorrect. I'm parched, and it's not helping the situation." When Elder Merrick and Elder Jacobs only stared at me blankly, I stated, "Blood, gentlemen. I need more blood."

They physically jolted at the reminder of my hybrid nature.

Cahal asked quietly, "Who are your donors? Because Ezra can't be the only one supplying you."

Instant. "I can do bagged." I wouldn't mention Pearl and Jack. The less they knew the better.

Even though his face scrunched up in disgust, he stated, "That wasn't what I asked."

"Are you offering, Dad?" Ezra interrupted, getting the focus off me.

I was pretty sure his dad didn't quite know what to say as his jaw slacked a bit.

Antonio sighed heavily. "Since you've obviously had more practice with live, Lil, go ahead. I'll donate. My blood's powerful and it should help you recover faster."

It was like a switch flipped inside my head, I was so damn thirsty. I seriously blacked out for a moment, pretty sure I showed the tiny bit of Vampire speed I had, because a moment later my fangs were in his neck, the bubbly, almost tart, taste of Mage blood pouring into my mouth. I sighed, wrapping an arm around him as I pulled, instantly sending him peace. His body went slack in my arms as I pulled again...and I shuddered, tasting just how powerful he was...as I gently lay him on the bed, my hair fanning over his face and mine in a semblance of privacy as I drank.

"Well...shit," I heard Elder Jacobs rumble quietly. He cleared his throat. "Did you see that? She's too f**king fast for a Shifter."

Ezra grunted, and I felt his hand running over my back softly. Up and down. Warmth trailing its repetitive wake. "Imagine the control she's always had to use." His lips brushed my neck, saying quietly, "She's amazing."

"Huh." Elder Merrick's wolf growled quietly in his throat. "I need to think of something different for her training now that I know this."

"Or," Ezra stated, his grip on me tightening, his own Vampire growling quietly, "I can join your training sessions with her, so she gets both Shifter and Vampire training."

Antonio's pulse started to slow against my tongue, and I sighed in frustration, still thirsty, but I pulled back, licking over the wounds and hearing Elder Jacobs state, "That's actually a really good idea, if it can be done privately."

I listened to Antonio's heart, resting my hand gently against his cheek and watching as his lids slowly fluttered open. I smiled down at him. With Elder Venclaire's blood already coursing through me, and now Antonio's, I felt a hell of a lot better. I kissed his forehead, murmuring, "Your blood rocks. Thank you."

His chuckle sounded groggy. "Glad to help." He blinked. "I didn't expect you to go for the neck. I almost zapped you." He chuckled again. "But your mind hold isn't so bad."

It was my turn to blink. "Yeah, um, sorry about that. It's what I'm used to and I'm so thirsty I just kind of lost it there for a second." Slowly, I helped him sit up, resting him against the headboard. My eyebrows puckered in confusion when a bottle of orange juice was dangled in front of my face. I glanced up, seeing Cahal holding it out while he listened to Ezra and Elder Merrick argue about my 'new and improved' training schedule they were concocting all by themselves without my input. Since there was time to argue about that later, I took the juice, mumbling, "Thank you."

He ignored me. Same ol' Cahal.

Opening the juice, I put it to Antonio's lips. He opened his eyes when the liquid hit his mouth, and took the bottle from me, chugging it. I had taken enough to make him groggy, so I wasn't worried about his sluggishness, plus his heart rate was within normal parameters. Although, he did mutter incoherently, "I need...spell."

"What do you need?" I asked, taking the empty from him and placing it on the nightstand.

He shook his head hard, and I bit my lip when he reached out a hand and yanked on Cahal's shirt, startling him. Cahal glanced down, eyebrows furrowed. Antonio waved his hand, the action wobbly, mumbling, "Come here, Cahal. Need to do something." He sounded a little drunk. Everyone glanced at Antonio, and I tried not to laugh at Cahal's wide-eyed expression to the demand in Antonio's tone, even if slurred.

"Excuse me?" he asked with a blank face.

"Don't pull that," Antonio waved the shaky hand again, "higher than thou crap right now. I need to do a spell on," he waved a wobbly finger at Cahal, Elder Merrick, Elder Jacobs, and Elder Venclaire, "you guys, so get your ass down here so I can finish up with everyone else before I pass out." When everyone stayed motionless - including myself - at the woozy Mage's abrupt demand, Antonio sighed and lifted the empty orange juice bottle off the nightstand...and literally...smacked Cahal in the ass with it. "I. Said. Ass. Down. Here. Now."

Ezra leaned, whispering at my ear, "You didn't take that much blood, did you?"

I shook my head, eyes huge, not sure if I should laugh at Antonio for his drunken antics or protect him, since Cahal looked like he wanted to pummel him. "Enough to make him woozy, but not delirious."

"What spell?" Elder Merrick interjected, just as Cahal opened his mouth to say something I was sure wasn't going to be...polite...to Antonio.

Antonio grinned. Tapped his head. "Trust, my friend. Trust me to do right by you."

Well...that explained shit.

Antonio blinked and glanced down at Elder Venclaire, and his eyes narrowed. "Well, I guess I could leave him out." His head tilted haphazardly after a moment, his golden gaze meeting mine. "You really think of me as your dad?"

Mentally shaking myself at the abrupt change in topic, I nodded. "Yes."

He waved the orange juice bottle at Elder Venclaire. "What about him?"

Um, not really the intimate conversation I wanted to be having in front of everyone, but he was looking so intently at me, even if blinking repeatedly, that I didn't think he was going to let it go. I cleared my throat, watching Antonio closely. "I don't know what to think of him. I know that he's intelligent, cunning, a smart ass, and powerful." I shook my head. "But other than that, I don't know much about him, except that he loved my mother - even though she still ran from him when she found out she was pregnant." I licked my lips. "With all that being said, I would like to know him better, but as far as a dad is concerned, you're always going to be first in my mind and heart." I shrugged, the action fairly easy. "You're my dad."

Slowly, Antonio began to smile until his grin was brighter than any twinkling star. "Well, alright," again, the orange juice bottle waved drunkenly in the air, "I guess I'll do the spell on him since he's no threat."

Huh?

His eyes glowed golden, and before anyone could stop him - we all sat or stood stunned - he ran his thumb over Elder Venclaire's forehead, a line of shimmering golden dust trailing where he touched before it sank into Elder Venclaire's skin. Then, further adding to our shock, he bent/fell over Elder Venclaire, his lips moving without sound as he pressed on Elder Venclaire's chin, opening his mouth to press his own lips to the Vamp's. I blinked, frozen, and watched in stupefied shock as a golden light suddenly erupted between the cracks where their opened mouths touched. Elder Venclaire's body arched for a second, like he had been shocked, then fell back to the bed as slack as he had been before, still out cold as Antonio took his mouth away, gently pushing the Vamp's mouth closed again before he thumped back against the headboard with a silly grin on his face.

He threw his arms wide, teetering. "See, it wasn't so bad." He tapped his head with the orange juice bottle as we all watched, stumped. "Knowledge and protection, my friends." He pointed the orange juice bottle at Elder Venclaire. "He's got it. Now, who else wants it?"

There was a full minute of silence as everyone looked from the grinning Antonio to Elder Venclaire. I was pretty sure none of us really knew what to think of this. Antonio had just performed a spell on an unconscious Elder Vampire, someone not of his faction. He had just stepped over some major boundaries without getting Elder Venclaire's consent. Honestly, I wasn't even sure how many Laws that broke. I counted nine in my mind, and then gave up, figuring he should be rotting in jail for at least six of his lifetimes.

"Maybe I did take too much blood," I mumbled, instantly training my ears on his heart rate again. "This could be blamed on that. He might not be held responsible for his actions, then."

Antonio chuckled, his heart rate sounding fine to my ears. "Oh, Lil. There's no jail that could hold me, and besides, I do believe," his eyes glowed dimly, "I'm about to have another taker."

Bindi was suddenly at the door, her eyes glowing as she stared at the ceiling, peering at absolutely nothing. Her voice was distant as she stated, "I'm needed." Her head tilted to the side oddly, her gaze floating to Antonio. "Can you do the spell on me? I'm not powerful enough to do it myself." Abruptly, her eyes stopped glowing, and her head straightened normally, but she didn't take her attention from Antonio. "I can be trusted."

Antonio's eyes flickered tiredly, and he asked, "Do you know what you ask for?"

"No." Her shoulders straightened. "Only that I'm needed."

Antonio smiled drunkenly, "Then come on over here, and show these pussies it's not so bad."

She came, kneeling beside the bed. Antonio swiped his thumb over her forehead, the dust appearing then sinking into her forehead. He tilted up her face gently, murmuring, "Open your mouth." She did, and his lips started moving - again, no sound emitted with his silent words - and he placed his lips to hers. The golden light shone through the cracks between their lips, and he gripped the back of her head when she arched, the light shining brightly. A soft moan emitted from Bindi before her body relaxed, just as Antonio took his mouth from hers.

"Now, that wasn't so bad, was it?" Antonio slurred his question, thumping back against the headboard.

Bindi cleared her throat, shaking her head a little. "Nope." She blinked. Shook her head again, and then stood on steady feet. "Not bad at all."

"Who's next?" Antonio asked, when Bindi moved to the corner of the room. "Or, more importantly, who trusts me?"

Now, that was such a loaded question. "I guess I can-"

Antonio tapped the orange juice bottle against my mouth, stopping me. "Nope. Not you." He thumped Ezra's forehead with the bottle. "Or him." He blinked lazily a few times. "The spell won't work on you two, but it will on us since we're just the rebounds." He sighed heavily, glancing around the room. "Seriously, people, I can't stay awake too much longer."

Elder Merrick stalked to stand next to the bed directly beside Antonio, staring down at him hard. "We need this?"

"Eh," Antonio's head wobbled, "You don't need it, but if I were you, I would sure as hell want it." A scowl graced his features. "Now me, on the other hand, I'll want to commit murder, but I already have the protection."

"What's going on, Antonio?" I asked slowly, beginning to worry, my amusement long gone.

His gaze met mine. He blinked. Suddenly and completely unexpectedly, his eyes filled with tears, shocking me still, never having seen him cry. No tear escaped, but everyone in the room froze, staring at him. He cleared his throat, his head teetering to the side. "A vision."

Breathless, my gaze darted back and forth between his, even as I scooted closer to Ezra, needing his warmth. Ezra's arms instantly wrapped around me, hauling me onto his lap and holding me close as we both stared at Antonio's stricken expression. I whispered, "Can you tell us anything?" Because it was definitely about Ezra and me since he said his spell wouldn't work on us.

His golden gaze swung back and forth between Ezra and me, even as Ezra practically crushed my ribs, he was holding me so tight. Finally, Antonio shook his head, whispering, "Just that I'm so sorry for the agony you two will endure." And, f**king hell, a tear did slip down his cheek. One of the most vicious men in Mystical history was crying because of what was in our future.

Both Ezra and I didn't move, our heartbeats pounding like mad, both of us not breathing, even as thoughts to keep our fate from occurring ran like rapid fire in my mind.

"Get the f**k out of my way," Cahal ordered gruffly, shoving Elder Merrick to the side and bending over Antonio, his hands on either side of Antonio's face against the headboard and his gaze level with his, staring him in the eyes. "Can this be stopped?"

Antonio's chest rose and fell heavily, and he shook his head once. "I'm not powerful enough to stop it." He held Cahal's gaze. "I can only offer my protection to those I know should have it. Those I know it will work on."

Cahal trembled, and slowly, like he didn't want to know, he asked, "Do I need it?"

Antonio's lids blinked slowly, his lips pinching. "You will wish to slaughter, too."

There was a silent pause, then Cahal roared in Antonio's face, slamming his fist into the headboard above Antonio's head, cracking it. "Just do it." He cursed. "Do the damn spell."

Antonio's chest rose and fell again, but he nodded. Swiped his thumb over Cahal's forehead. I wasn't in a position to see the dust appear and disappear, but Cahal jerked at the motion, telling me that it had and that he hadn't liked the sensation. Antonio sighed again and grabbed the back of Cahal's head, stating, "Open your mouth, and don't pull away."

Cahal's Vampire growled, but he did as told and opened his mouth. Antonio lifted and pressed his mouth to his, Cahal like a statue as light erupted between their mouths. Cahal trembled, and he grabbed the top of the headboard when he jerked hard, Antonio's grip becoming white-knuckled on the back of his head. But in the end, like Bindi, a deep, soft moan erupted from him right before his body relaxed and Antonio pulled his mouth away.

Like Bindi, Cahal blinked repeatedly and then shook his head hard for a few moments before lifting away from Antonio on steady legs. His heartbeat wasn't normal, very much accelerated, but he still ran a hand over his face and turned to Elder Merrick and Elder Jacobs, saying, "It wasn't that bad."

Elder Jacobs snorted. "The hell it wasn't." He pointed to the top of the headboard, which was cracked not just where Cahal's fist had hit it, but also where he had gripped it. "It might be okay for a Mage," a head tilt toward Bindi, "because they're used to that shit, but for another faction it didn't look like a damn walk in the park."

"We're going to leave, if we're not needed anymore," Ezra stated slowly, his grip never having let up on my rib cage. "I'm sure Lily needs to rest." If something was going to happen, he left unsaid, but it was heard nonetheless.

Cahal met his son's gaze. "Go."

Ezra stared at him a moment, then nodded, lifting me off his lap to the bed as Elder Merrick and Elder Jacobs started arguing about who was going to be spelled next. Ezra made his way through the debris to a dresser, opening it while I gingerly made my way off the bed, both Bonnie - now well enough to move slowly, too - and Clyde jumping off the bed. As Ezra put on jeans he found in a drawer, working them on underneath the sheet, I met Antonio's woozy gaze.

"What happened to my Hummer?" I asked, not sure when I would talk to him again.

"I had to transfer it back here, which took forever," Antonio rubbed his eyes, "It's currently parked outside, and I gave the keys to Pearl."

I rolled my shoulders. "Our Prodigies?"

Antonio yawned. "All four Prodigies are here. Safe."

Ezra let the sheet drop, zipping and buttoning the jeans while adding to our conversation. "You do realize it wasn't natural to have so many Coms in that town where I found the Prodigy Vampire, don't you?"

"It was a trap for Ezra," I stated firmly, grabbing my gun off the bed and my Cizano case from the floor, my body only creaking a smidge with the action.

Cahal nodded. "Yes, but you two left no survivors for us to question. We don't know how they knew to take the girl and lie in wait for him. There were no clues where the girl was being held, and the two surviving Vampires of the battle had only been visiting with their friends who died that day."

"Coms couldn't have known what she was," I said quietly, giving him and Antonio a look.

"Yes. We've deduced that much." Cahal's face wasn't friendly. "It means there's a traitor somewhere, but it's most peculiar because the only person that should have known where to find her was Ezra, thanks to the spell." He eyed me. "There is a reason for our madness."

I nodded. "But couldn't a Mage have done exactly the same spell to find her first?"

Antonio shook his head drunkenly, his eyes closing only to slowly reopen. "The spell is entrusted to only two - the original spell is in an enchanted book. If they die, the spell is to be passed on to the next two." He paused. "Elder Harcourt has been questioned extensively. He is innocent. And so am I."

I sniffed the air. Truth. And it was interesting to know that Antonio was the second Mage to be trusted with spell. One word: power. "So in other words, you're stumped."

"Exactly," he muttered. "Although, Ezra still needs to be questioned."

I snorted, glancing at Ezra as he unzipped a black duffle in the corner that looked like his and peered inside at its contents. "Ezra, did you tell anyone where the Prodigy Vampire was?"

He pulled out a shirt, which was his. His bag. "No."

Truth.

"Did you have anything to do with your Prodigy being held by Coms?"

He put the shirt on over his head. "No."

Truth.

I glanced to Elder Merrick, thinking it would be best to come from him.

He sighed and stopped long enough in his discussion to glance around the room at the occupants, and state, "He's telling the truth." Then he went back to arguing with Elder Jacobs.

"Questioning done," I muttered, shaking my head. Duh. But irritation aside, I still glanced at Antonio, holding his gaze, wanting him to hear me. "I love you."

His lips lifted into a sad smile. "I love you, too, Lil."

Ezra's arm wrapped around me from behind, his duffle hooked over his shoulder, catching at my leg. "I love you, too, Dad."

"I know." His dad met his gaze evenly. "And I love you."

The goodbyes were done.

Ezra and I didn't speak as we quickly made our way back to our room. All Vampires stopped and stared at him, but he wore an expression that didn't bode well if any were to stop our progress. I appeared the same as my husband, since every Shifter I passed quickly sidestepped. I was almost positive Ezra was on the same wavelength as me, but I wanted to get into our room so we could hash it out. Not to mention, we needed to speak with Jack and Pearl before anything more happened.

I sighed in relief as we turned the corner to our room, my bones only faintly aching. Rubbing a hand over my face, I glanced at Ezra. His features were still set in quiet fierceness. But he did peer at me when he unzipped his bag's front pocket, pulling his key from its depths. Honestly, I had no clue where my duffle was - maybe it was in the infirmary, since I hadn't seen it in our room earlier - which meant my key was missing, too. Bonnie and Clyde waited patiently while Ezra bent and kissed my lips gently, his eyes never closing, before he stuck the key in the door.

We stepped inside.

And froze.

This, I had not expected.

My eyes opened wide, my jaw flapping as I stared at...

I shrieked, covering my eyes. "Best friends having sex! Best friends having sex!" I inhaled sharply and amended my screeching chant. "Best friends having freaky magical sex!" I dropped my hands and pointed at them, yelling, "On our goddamn bed!"

Pearl howled like a banshee, hiding her face. As if that helped.

Ezra muttered, "How the f**k..." His head tilted.

I waggled my finger at them, shouting, "On our goddamn bed! Freaky...freaky shit."

Jack's eyes glowed in our direction. "Get the f**k out!"

Ezra coughed. "Right." He lifted me straight off my feet, my back against his chest as I continued waggling my finger, and he murmured, "Sorry to interrupt."

"On our goddamn bed!" I shouted, pointing hard with each word, right before Ezra blurred backward with me in his arms and slammed the door in our faces.

My chest was heaving as I stared at the golden door, my finger still pointed. After an extended, silent moment, I whined, "On our bed, Ezra. On our damn bed."

Again, he coughed, and his voice trembled. "Actually, they weren't technically on our bed."

My finger dropped, still staring at the door. "They were kind of...hovering."

Ezra made an odd noise in his throat.

My hand mimicked a wave in front of my face, going right to left. "What was the water doing?"

Ezra choked. "Don't know." He gurgled. "Don't really want to know."

Using both hands, I made an explosion motion. "What about the golden sparkles?"

Ezra snorted. "No clue." Snorted again.

I lifted a leg, a little hindered because of Ezra's hold on me, but I pointed at it. "How was she doing that with her leg?"

Ezra laughed outright. "Honestly, I'm more shocked by Jack's flexibility."

I nodded in large motions, letting my leg drop. "Yes." I kept nodding. "Who knew?"

We stared at the door.

I drummed my fingers on his arm. "What now?"

Ezra grunted. "Now, we wait like they've been doing for us."

I grunted.

We stared at the door.

"Think they were about done?"

"We'd better give them an hour, so we don't have to..." He left it unsaid.

I didn't. "Walk in again on our best friends having freak-ity magical sex?"

Ezra's chest vibrated against my back. "Exactly."

I nodded once. "Good plan."

Ezra's chest still vibrated. "Yes, good plan."

Chapter Twenty-Nine

"So," I drummed my fingers on my arm where I was sitting outside our door, almost an hour later, staring up at Jack and Pearl who had just exited our room, "I have to ask...what were the water and the sparkles doing?" I had been thinking about that as if it were burned into my mind ever since I had sat down.

"Sweetheart," Ezra reprimanded, shaking his head and letting it drop on his arm that was over his leg.

"What?" I asked innocently. He tilted his head, giving me a look only a husband could. I sighed. "Fine. Never mind." My eyes went back to Jack, who was standing a smidge protectively in front of Pearl, and Pearl, who had a pretty blush on her cheeks, peeking around Jack's shoulder. "So, I'll ask the other question. You two were f**king while Ezra was supposedly on his deathbed?" That one I was a bit pissed about, and I wasn't going to take it back even though Ezra sighed heavily next to me.

Pearl bit her lip, but Jack stated calmly, "We were having sex to help take our minds off it."

I snorted, but sadly I couldn't really disagree with that way of thinking.

Jack raised his eyebrows at me when I stayed mute, then moved to help Ezra up, giving him a huge hug, pounding on his back. "How the hell are you alive?"

"Lily healed me."

Pearl had tears instantly tracking down her cheeks, and she threw herself into Ezra's arms when he and Jack broke apart. "I'm so happy you're alive. And I'm so sorry about your mom."

Ezra rubbed her back. "I'm fine, so don't cry. And thank you."

Didn't really help because she kept bawling.

Still sitting, I asked Jack, pointing between him and Pearl, "When did this happen?" Ezra and I knew from our phone conversations with them that they had also gone against tradition and met up like Ezra and I, to find their Prodigies together, but Jack had never once mentioned this.

Jack grinned slowly. "I finally manned up a few days ago and made my move." He shrugged a muscled shoulder, his grin growing, and he whispered, "She couldn't resist me." I chuckled at his cockiness, and he held out a hand to help me up, also giving me a hug and holding me close to whisper at my ear, "Just saying goodbye, huh?"

I shrugged inside his hold. "It was a little more bumpy than that, but we're both fine now."

He leaned back, tilting his head so his blue hair wasn't dangling over his eye. "I have a feeling I would probably be pissed if I knew the whole story."

Ezra grunted, still rubbing Pearl's trembling back, and glanced at him. "You have no clue how pissed you would be."

Pearl's head jerked back. "What are you talking about?"

Ezra softly patted her blotchy cheek. "Nothing to worry about."

Silently, I sighed in relief that Ezra wasn't going to completely rat me out, but Jack felt it since he was still holding me, and he glanced at me sharply, eyes roaming my face. I smiled at him sheepishly and patted his chest, stating studiously, "We're both fine." I felt his power surge, aimed directly at me, and he stilled, eyes narrowing when he probably felt that my Core power was still a bit off. Calmly, I reiterated, "We are both fine, Jack."

His eyebrows slowly rose, and he bent, whispering at my ear, "We're going to have a talk later."

I growled a bit at his tone, but I didn't argue. I had lied to them. Used them. It had been for a good cause, but there would still be repercussions for my actions.

Jack released me, giving me one last glance before gently pulling Pearl away from Ezra. "We're going to get some dinner. Want to come?"

Both Ezra and I shook our heads, and Ezra stated, "She and I need to talk, but I'm starving, so maybe you guys could bring us back something?"

Jack sighed, glancing at his watch. "How long should we be gone for?"

Ezra chuckled softly, putting his key in the door. "Maybe an hour."

I held up two fingers. "Or two."

Ezra blinked, opening the door. "You're not too sore?"

Pearl popped her fingers into her ears. "Too much info. Too much info." She turned, getting the completely wrong impression from his comment, and started walking in the other direction. "Let's go, Jack."

And...Jack followed...staring at her ass the entire way until they turned the corner.

I pointed where they had disappeared. "He's whipped already."

Ezra chuckled, pulling me into our bedroom, and locked the door behind us. "Yes, he is." He hugged me tight against his chest, staring down at me. "You really aren't too sore?"

I shook my head, fingering his shirt. "Nope, I'm really not that bad. And I want to make love in this room, where we first came together, one last time." My eyes met his green ones.

And his gaze expressed complete understanding. He was on the same wavelength as me, thank God. Slowly, he nodded, bending to softly kiss my lips. "Okay, our talk can wait."

Lying on top of Ezra, my head resting on his smooth chest, which was slick from our lovemaking, I listened to his heart beat strong, slowly calming from our time together. He ran the tips of his fingers up and down my bare back, lifting his head to gently kiss my forehead. I sighed. "I'm so happy we waited to talk."

Ezra hummed, sounding half growl. "Unquestionably the right move."

Tilting my head, I kissed his hard pec. "You know, you're just as flexible as Jack."

He chuckled quietly, the sound pulsating against my skin. "And you pulled a few maneuvers that there's no way in hell Pearl could do." He ran his fingers through my hair. "I have no clue how you can even move right now."

I snorted. "I can't." I faked a groan. "I'm pretty sure I dislodged a few things."

"Ah, poor little wolf," Ezra purred softly, rolling us so he rested over me. Gently, he started kissing my neck. "Tell me where it hurts, and I'll kiss it all better."

A damn giggle, which was completely girly and which I couldn't contain, bubbled up, but it didn't stop me from pointing to the other side of my neck. "Right here."

Ezra's Vampire purred quietly as he tilted his head, softly touching his tongue right where I pointed before sucking gently, creating a wonderful new spark that sizzled through my body.

My eyes closed on a soft moan as I ran my fingers through his damp hair, our slick bodies gliding together as I arched under him. "The talk can wait a little longer."

Ezra nodded, nibbling at my collarbone, his hands sliding up my sides. "Later."

Half hanging off the bed with the dead weight of my Vampire husband on top of me, I blinked at the spelled ceiling, gasping for air. "Holy shit, baby." My body was still shaking in aftershocks, but I chuckled when Ezra groaned on top of me in answer. I patted his ass, which was where my hand that wasn't hanging off the bed currently rested. "If I wasn't sore before, I'm gonna be now."

Again, Ezra groaned against the side of my head, but when his breathing calmed, he muttered, "Jack and Pearl had better bring a shitload of food because I don't even know how many calories we just burned," his stomach growled against mine, "and I'm famished."

I laughed outright, curling my foot around his on the ground. "Wanna go again?"

He stilled, and then muttered, "You're killing me here, sweetheart. That was some of my finest work and it didn't satisfy you?" When I teased him by only chuckling quietly, he growled low, his Vampire taking voice. "Well, we probably have time for a little more."

Arms hanging over the edge of the bed, my head dangling so that my hair brushed the ground, I mumbled, breathless, "I must have done something damn fantastic in another life."

Ezra chuckled quietly, his panting breaths fanning my shoulder where he lay across my back.

"Really, really, f**king fantastic things," I muttered, waving a hand. "That was...unbelievable."

"Why, thank you," Ezra drawled lazily, his hands barely squeezing my hips, where they rested. His stomach growled again. "But I get half of your food since I made you come two more times after you said you couldn't anymore."

I grunted, my own stomach growling now. "Not gonna happen."

"Where's the justice in that?"

I waved my hand, my eyes still closed. "When I caught your ass from falling off the bed when you came so hard you damn near passed out."

Ezra grunted. "I could claim it was lack of nutrition."

"And I can already smell the lie."

A pause. "Fucking Shifter nose."

"You know, I've often thought the same thing about your Vampire nose."

Ezra sighed, biting my shoulder gently. "Are we done procrastinating the inevitable?"

I sighed myself. "Guess so."

We re-positioned so we were lying on our sides, staring at each other.

I touched his nose mildly, running my finger up and down it. "Are you really prepared to run?"

He bit my finger lightly, growling softly as he moved closer, and placed a heated palm possessively on my hip. "If it means you won't be hurt and we're together, then yes."

I nodded slowly, staring him in the eyes, seeing his resolve. "Same for me." My gaze darted between his eyes. "I couldn't take you being hurt again," my chin trembled from my near loss, "and if Antonio says he can't stop what's coming because he's not powerful enough...well, I say we go into hiding."

Ezra smiled gently, running his thumb back and forth over my hip, his wedding ring cool against my skin. "And you've definitely got enough places for us to hide."

I nodded. "Antonio doesn't even know about one of them, so we should go there."

Ezra stared. "Jack and Pearl?"

I bit my lip. "They deserve to know we're leaving."

"Agreed," Ezra murmured, and tilted his head forward, biting my bottom lip and tugging. "But I don't want to tell them about our marriage. I want to keep something just between you and me. Plus, for their own safety, they probably shouldn't know."

"Agreed." I rubbed my nose against his. "We should probably start packing so we can leave before the sun comes up, when there aren't so many awake yet."

Ezra's eyes roamed my face, his expression quickly setting with determination. "Then let's get it done." He helped me up, tossing me a t-shirt from his dresser. "That's my favorite old shirt, so don't forget it tomorrow."

I put it on and stared down at the worn grey t-shirt, which read: Live Hard Or Die Bored.

I snickered. It was perfect. "Can I also borrow a duffle? Mine's lost somewhere."

He entered his closet and brought me an empty duplicate of his full one. "You're already stealing my shit." A cocky eyebrow rose as he pulled on a pair of pajama pants.

My eyebrows rose. "Need I remind you about my Hummer?"

He snorted. "Our Hummer." Grinning at my cross expression, he grabbed his full duffle off the floor. "And besides, you may be rich...but I'm filthy rich. So quit complaining."

I blinked as I watched him saunter into his closet. "What are you talking about?" I hadn't thought he was poor, most Mysticals weren't - even I had a decent amount for someone my age.

His laughter boomed from his closet. "Let's just say, when I turned twenty-two I came into enough money to buy a small country." A pause. "A few of them."

My jaw dropped in shock. "You're a trust fund baby?" I just couldn't see it.

"Yes," he stated factually. "And none of those forms you signed when we got married were a prenup, even though Judge waved it at me and told me I was nuts when I tore it up while you were talking to Jury about our wedding DVD. So when I said before what's yours is mine, and what's mine is yours, I meant it."

My heart kinda melted. I peeked around his door, grinning like a fool. "I love you." He gave me a crooked grin over his shoulder before digging through his massive amount of clothes again. My lips twitched. "But the Hummer's still mine." I barely dodged the shoe that was thrown at me.

The sheets were changed, our bags were in our closets behind their respective closed golden doors, and Ezra and I were now stuffed on a portion of the enormous amount of grub Pearl and Jack had brought back with them. We sat on the love seat together while Pearl and Jack sat warily on the couch next to each other, staring at us after we had asked them to have a seat so we could talk. It was remarkable the shift that had occurred in them since we had first arrived here, when the news of their mates had literally crushed them, but together they had found an aspect of peace, even if it was new, telling by the way Pearl tentatively scooted closer to Jack, and by the way he carefully placed his arm over her shoulders, bringing her closer.

I watched how Pearl physically relaxed inside Jack's gentle embrace, and I smiled softly. "I almost don't want to tell them now."

Ezra nodded, eyes just as quick as mine. "They're damn sweet together."

Jack scowled. "Quit analyzing us." He pointed between Ezra and me. "You two don't know how alike you are. You sit the same way," huh, guess we were, "You watch people the same way," I already knew that, "Hell, you even tilt your heads the same way," I had noticed that a few times, "and it's like you two have telepathy the way your brains work the same way, finishing each other's sentences and automatically knowing what the other's going to do."

Ezra and I both grinned.

Pearl snorted. "It's kind of disgusting, really. If any couple in this room gets the sugary sweet award, it's definitely you two."

Ezra's lips twitched - same as mine - as we watched Jack become still, before his head swung to her.

His eyes danced all over her face, asking, "You want to be a couple-couple?"

Her cheeks flushed, and she bit her lip, her English accent becoming heavy as she stuttered, "Well...maybe...if you...you know...would like to?" And damn, if her eyes weren't earnest.

Jack's lips didn't slowly lift. He damn near blinded us all as he flashed his teeth, grinning from ear to ear. "Yes, I'd like that very much." And I blinked when he decided to attack her mouth with his and play tonsil hockey with her right in front of us.

Ezra's chest was shaking as he rested an elbow against the arm of the love seat, covering his mouth when Jack started maneuvering her down on the couch...which Pearl didn't seem opposed to as she gripped his shirt, yanking him closer, not at all shy with what she physically wanted. I, on the other hand, really didn't want a repeat performance, live and in person, of the freaky shit, so when Pearl started glowing a little, and I could have sworn I heard the sound of waves, I clapped my hands loudly while Ezra dropped his forehead on his hand, barely keeping his laugh silent.

"Hey!" I clapped again when they didn't break it up. "If you guys start...hovering...again I'm going to shift and bite your asses." Ezra lost it, his laughter booming throughout the room. I glared at him, pointing across from us where they were still going at it. "I'm glad you think this shit is funny, but I'm," I rubbed at my ear, "starting to hear shit." My head cocked. "It sounds like waves, but as if they're rolling faster and faster." I blinked. "I think I'm traumatized by what I saw earlier."

Ezra doubled over, slapping my leg, apparently finding what I said hilarious.

I scowled and let a little of my power ripple out, kind of like a gentle shove in their direction to remind them we were here. I screamed as a blast of Mage and Elemental magic flew back at me so hard it tipped the love seat Ezra and I were on backward, both of us toppling with it because of the mini-explosion. Ezra stared down at me wide-eyed, having landed on me, and he whispered studiously, "Sweetheart, I'm thinking they didn't appreciate the interruption." He lowered his face, snickering at my ear. "And now that I've seen it begin, I'm pretty sure the wave sounds are a reflection of how turned on Jack's becoming, same with how Pearl's glowing."

I blinked, staring at my feet, which were straight up in the air behind Ezra's head, against the cushion. "Oh." I blinked again, my eyes widening. "Oh, now I get the water and the sparkles."

Jack opened his door to our bedroom forty minutes later, peeking his head out to where Ezra and I were sitting outside in the hallway. Empty dessert dishes surrounded us, which we had consumed after deciding to take them out with us while we waited, because Jack and Pearl sure as hell hadn't broken apart even after we had righted the love seat. His smile was lazy and sated as he jerked his head, stating, "It's safe to come in."

"Wonderful," I grumbled as Ezra helped me to my feet, grabbing off the ground the few empty plates Ezra hadn't. "Maybe we can talk now before we pass out from a sugar overdose."

Ezra groaned, rubbing his flat belly. "We probably shouldn't have eaten that second piece of pumpkin pie." A pause. "Or was that the third?"

"Fourth," I muttered, burping quietly. "There were only two apple pies and three blackberry cobblers, but there were definitely four pieces of pumpkin pie."

We both stared at the empty plates in our hands.

"Maybe we should have stopped with the apple pies," Ezra murmured absently before moving into our room.

I licked my lips, following him. "Or maybe just had one of each."

Ezra hummed. "We'll try that next time. Show some restraint."

I thought about how good all the desserts had been going down. "We could try."

We set our plates down on the coffee table, and sat on the love seat with Jack and Pearl on the couch again, and this time, Ezra didn't waste a second and plowed into our news, stating bluntly, "Tomorrow morning, Lily and I are leaving King Cave and going into hiding." When Jack's and Pearl's jaws dropped, he held up a hand to stop anything they would have said. "Antonio had a vision. A future he said he can't stop because he's not powerful enough. The damn man was crying because he was so upset about...," Ezra glanced at me, "what did he say exactly?"

Since Pearl and Jack were starting to appear freaked out, I stated it factually, "He said he was so sorry for the agony you two will endure, referring to Ezra and me."

Ezra nodded, his eyes back to them. "So we're leaving. Neither one of us wants the other harmed," he shuddered, "like what happened today, so we're getting the hell out, and we'll try to make it on our own in hiding."

Pearl's jaw slowly shut, her lips pinching. "If Elder Farrar saw it," she shook her head, her expression one of worry, "I don't know if hiding will help."

Jack lifted his head from where it had fallen in his hands, saying quietly, "But they have to try."

I pointed at him. "That's right. We do." I stood, jumping a little on my feet, anxiety beginning to creep in further. "So we're leaving before the sun comes up, and tonight, I'd like for all of us to watch a movie together. Do something mundane before we run."

Pearl instantly stood and embraced me. "I don't want you to go."

"I know," I whispered, hugging her tight. "I know." Tears slipped down my cheeks at knowing this was probably the last night we had together. "But I want us to all relax before we leave. Enjoy our evening together."

She nodded quickly, squeezing me, her own tears falling on my head. "Then let's do it."

And so we did, after the hugs and tears were through, lying down next to each other in bed and finding a good old-fashioned comedy to watch before we all passed out.

Chapter Thirty

Waking in the dead of night, I instantly knew something was wrong. Immediately, I calmed my heart rate but still took in the scents. I smelled Ezra, his spicy scent strong, just like his arms around me in our spooning position. I also smelled Pearl and Jack, Pearl's scent the strongest, since she lay on the other side of me. But...I scented something off...something that made my wolf want to growl and that tried to make my body tremble. I had been in this exact situation before, but what I was scenting didn't bode well. Because it was strong as hell, which meant...many bodies behind a Mage spell.

Eyes still closed, I slipped my hand further under my pillow and grabbed my gun, glad I had been paranoid enough to sleep with it under my pillow instead of under the bed like normal. I swallowed and then pressed down on Ezra's leg under the covers hard enough to wake him. He grunted quietly and re-positioned his leg...and I almost sighed in frustration before I heard him inhale sharply and feel his hand tighten on me. This time, I was truly happy for his damn Vampire nose, he having smelled my panic, his heart rate fluctuating a moment, then evening out to normal, more than likely just as mine had done.

I coughed loudly as I thumbed the safety off my gun, Ezra's grip on me tightening. His thumb tapped once on my stomach. Bumped twice. And right when he thumped it a third time, we leapt out of bed. Jack and Pearl both started awake, the blanket flying off them as Ezra and I both growled, our predators taking voice, our eyes glowing fiercely. Keeping the gun behind my back, Ezra at my side, we crept toward where my nose led me even though there appeared to be nothing under the moonlight of the spelled ceiling. Jack and Pearl were instantly behind us with their own eyes glowing, not asking questions, but still with us. I stopped, everyone halting with me. I glanced at Ezra, and we split apart, both of us going wide at the living room, Pearl and Jack staying stationary. And I growled low, "Show yourselves."

In a whoosh, there was a flare of golden light taking up the entirety of our living room, its boundary an inch from my nose, and then it disappeared.

I was left staring at approximately forty individuals, dressed from head to toe in black and appearing like shadows under the moonlight, only the fact that their eyes glowed at us in blues, greens, browns, and golds proving they were real and not ghouls, even though they might as well have been. My heart stuttered, then pounded furiously as the four of us took a few steps backward, putting more room between us and them. Fear rode me hard at knowing the odds weren't good, while self-anger hit me for not making Ezra and myself leave this place sooner, but hope entered when I saw Antonio, Cahal, Elder Merrick, and Elder Jacobs rush into the room through gaps in the ghouls' ranks, all four of them in their pajamas and looking frazzled as they stepped through our broken-in door, the spell taking all but Antonio for a ride.

"What's going on here?" Cahal demanded, his voice shaking in anger, eyes assessing.

Elder Harcourt suddenly blinked into appearance to the left, in front of the ghouls' frontline, not dressed in black but in a golden ceremonial robe. He was resting back against the wall, his hands clasped before him and his face solemn, and he ordered, "Someone hit the lights, please." The golden sparks flared to life. Unfortunately, the added light didn't make the group in front of us appear any less intimidating, every single one of the individuals built like badasses under their tight-fitting black outfits, most definitely all males. When Cahal growled, since his question hadn't been answered, Elder Harcourt stated, "Today, a Law passed concerning two Mysticals of different factions having sexual relations."

I stilled but tried my hardest to keep my heartbeat normal. No one had seen anything torrid, only the four of us sleeping in bed together. They had no proof if I could keep it together.

Elder Harcourt's gaze traveled, meeting not only Ezra's gaze and mine, but Jack's and Pearl's as well. "Once someone brings a charge to me, the senior Elder, I am spellbound to uphold the Law if those charged are found guilty."

Cahal's Vampire sounded low and furious. "Exactly who has been charged and what are the specific charges?"

Elder Harcourt nodded. "King Zeller and Queen Ruckler are charged with possible sexual relations, and King Collins and Queen Cooper are also charged with possible sexual relations. The individual who came to me tonight stated he suspected after seeing multiple odd behaviors on all of their parts, including overhearing certain conversations between all parties on different occasions and even seeing all four of them nude together, doing...acts...in a hot tub," he waved a hand, "such as two of them disappearing under the water for lengthy amounts of time." He waved a hand again. "After the Law passed, he believed it to be in all of our best interests to inform me of this possible unLawful behavior." He shrugged. "I must conduct a trial."

I was ready to faint dead away, no longer able to keep it together, my gaze flying to Antonio through the mass of enforcers, which I was sure as hell that was what they were, sent to invade and capture the four current Rulers, knowing they would have a battle on their hands if we were found guilty. Antonio's eyes met mine, and I almost dropped. His gaze said it all. This was exactly what he had seen, and he already knew the outcome. Trembling where I stood, I asked Elder Harcourt without taking my eyes off Antonio, "What is the penalty if found guilty?" They could have altered it since the last time we heard about it.

"Under the circumstances of a possible war, or actual war, I have the option to modify the ruling for Elders, Kings, and Queens."

My breathing hitched, praying...

"If any of you are found guilty, seeing as you are the current Kings and Queens, I have the power to alleviate the normal jail sentence of five years, which I would do, so that the ruling would stand as a spelled memory wipe, and then a spelled separation."

My vision swam, and I teetered to the side and stumbled a few steps, seeing Antonio's reaction to the sentencing. His gaze had lowered, but I had still seen his chin tremble. I shook my head as a flood of tears flew down my cheeks, absolute despair reaching into my soul.

I was going to lose my husband.

Breath catching, I turned my attention to Ezra.

His jaw was clenched, unable to keep his pain hidden as he glared at Elder Harcourt, and he shouted, "Who the f**k brought these charges?"

Elder Harcourt actually smiled. "I thought you would never ask, King Zeller." He waved his hand toward the back of the room, stating, "The charged seeks the accuser. Please step forward and identify yourself."

There was a movement on the right, the side closest to me, as one of the men in black began moving forward. I wiped the tears off my face, but more tears came to take their place as I watched a man step out of the mass. His hands raised, and he took his mask off, his eyes intent on me as he stated bitterly, "My Queen should not be f**king the King Vampire."

A jolt of Mage magic hit my body from the inside, and my gun suddenly pointed. I was unable to stop it, my Vampire speed showing for all to see as I put a bullet through his brain, the sound explosive in the small area.

Everyone froze, their eyes wide on me.

I physically jerked as my right arm, which was still aimed at the falling dead man, burned as a golden ring at my wrist first appeared then sizzled against my flesh. A soft shriek past my pinched lips as it lifted completely from my skin and grew to a large circle around my, now, normal wrist before disappearing.

Clarice's first ultimatum complete.

Elder Talus was now dead, her dear friend's murder vindicated.

To everyone else, I had just committed murder against one of my own, an Elder Shifter.

My gaze met Ezra's, silently telling him I loved him, right before I was slammed in the middle by a pack of Shifters - they had to be, by their strength - and we went down hard even as I heard Ezra's Vampire roar, shaking the very air around us. I fought, using every ounce of strength I had and every damn skill I had acquired, even using my tiny amount of Vampire speed...but these were enforcers, their skill set greater than mine, not to mention it was ten to one. Eventually, I took a blow to my chest and felt multiple ribs crack, and another to my left arm, feeling the bone break, and the last to my left thigh, the bone splintering completely through my flesh.

I was down.

It took them all of a minute to subdue me.

I screamed as I was yanked by my arms to my feet, all the while hearing Ezra's Vampire roar in my ears, the sound just as earth-shattering as it had been the first time I had heard it. Shaking my head past the pain, I was dragged when someone kicked my one good leg and broke my ankle. My body shook in agony but not quite to the point of passing out, which would have been preferable when someone grabbed a handful of my hair, jerking my head up and placing my own gun to my temple.

My chest stinging with every breath I took, pretty sure one of my broken ribs had punctured a lung, I spit out a mouthful of blood, my blurry gaze quickly darting to my friends and husband. Jack and Pearl and Ezra were trapped inside three separate golden spheres of Mage magic, suspended in the air. There were four enforcers directly under Pearl, holding the spell together as she blasted her jailing sphere repeatedly. The same amount of enforcers had their hands pressed to Jack's and Ezra's trapping spheres, their power shoving into the hovering golden spheres as Jack and Ezra pressed their own powered palms against their spelled cages, fighting to get free. My gaze met Ezra's glowing green eyes, and he growled, shaking his head furiously as he pounded on the sphere.

The man held my hair tighter and shouted to be heard over Ezra, "I have another char-"

Elder Harcourt stopped him by lifting a quick hand, eyes glowing. "Silence." Suddenly, there was absolute quiet, even though I could still see Ezra's mouth opening and closing in fury. Elder Harcourt flicked his hand. "Still." Everyone froze in the room. As in, everyone literally froze in whatever action they had been doing. Including myself. The only movement my body allowed me was to breathe and blink.

From the corner of my eye, I saw Elder Harcourt push off the wall and walk toward me. I tried to breathe shallowly, but it still hurt like hell in the dead silence, Elder Harcourt's shuffling the only noise in the room. He stopped in front of me, bending so that his wrinkled face was directly in front of mine, stating, "You have no idea how long I've wanted that bastard dead. He has committed so many heinous deeds it would overwhelm anyone here, but no one could ever catch him in the act. Now, thanks to your deal with Clarice, he's no longer a blight on our society."

He lifted and turned to walk toward Ezra. Stared up at him, his head cocked. "So this is the Vampire." He rubbed his chin, talking to himself. "Impressive. Utterly ferocious. I don't believe it would be in my best interest to release him." He nodded and then moved so Ezra could see him in his frozen state. "I'm not going to free you from the sphere, but I'm going to move you so you can give Queen Ruckler peace while I heal her. If you try any funny business, I'll make her pain one hundred times worse, so don't test me." He lifted a finger. "And please, stop the roaring, it was killing my ears." Elder Harcourt flicked a hand.

Ezra was suddenly free to move and speak, blurring to his knees and staring down at Elder Harcourt with narrowed glowing eyes. His face was again harsher than normal, more deadly and beautiful at the same time, as he bared his fangs at the Elder, and a growl that gave me chills, frightening in its softness, echoed throughout the room from Ezra's chest.

"Yes, I know you would love to kill me," Elder Harcourt waved his hand again, Ezra's sphere lifting higher into the air directly above the Elder, "and that is precisely why I'm not letting you out." He began shuffling back to me through the frozen chaos, Ezra's sphere moving with him. "But do try to behave so I can heal Queen Ruckler. She deserves a medal for killing that sadistic son of a bitch, not all of the broken bones she currently has."

Elder Harcourt, I was seeing, was a little off his rocker. Not in a bad way, but still, a little...off...to not be frightened of the Vampire - and holy hell it was the Vampire - staring down at him with a million different excruciating deaths in his eyes. Elder Harcourt further proved his point by lowering Ezra's sphere next to him, and Ezra stood to stare at him, his hands lifting to the sphere, but Elder Harcourt waggled a finger at him, murmuring, "Now, none of that. I'll freeze you again, Vampire. Do you want to help her or not?" Ezra growled at him, but slowly, he lowered his hands, and Elder Harcourt nodded. "Now, be good while I lift her from them...she's really not going to like it."

He was right. He had to unfreeze me to do it, and agony poured over me while the old Mage lifted me from them. My mouth opened on silent screams, a flood of tears poured down my cheeks, and my body racked in shivers when every broken bone jarred with the movement. Ezra's Vampire altered between whimpering and growling as he watched, slowly lowering to his knees and following our movement as Elder Harcourt laid me on my back next to the sphere. The Elder whispered, "Here, help here." His hand glowed, picking up my arm that wasn't broken and was closest to Ezra and pushing my hand through the sphere. I jerked as powerful Mage magic zapped me from the contact, but my chest heaved as soon as I felt Ezra's warm hands grab mine inside the sphere in a tight hold and a heavy dose of tranquillity suffused my body, my eyes meeting his.

"There. Now both of you behave while I do this," Elder Harcourt murmured, freezing me again as he began healing each of my ailments. There was still no sound coming from my body, but I felt the popping. It didn't hurt because Ezra held my hand and was beginning to soothingly pet the back of my hand with his other, his furious gaze never leaving mine. Even though it was the enraged Vampire staring at me, I still saw the unconditional love shining from his gaze. His Vampire loved me like my wolf loved him. Minutes later, Elder Harcourt stated, "There we go. You're all fixed up."

Unexpectedly, I felt a blast of Mage magic from Elder Harcourt, and I was flying right through Ezra's sphere, unfrozen and able to speak as I shouted in surprise, my entire body jolting from rolling through the mystical magic of the sphere but no longer hurting, my body healed. Ezra caught me, instantly crushing me to him, standing, and growling at Elder Harcourt while my feet dangled in the air. I blinked in surprise but turned my head to see Elder Harcourt place a glowing hand on the sphere, and it was like time and spells sizzled around us, crackling in the air, as he added his power to the previous Mage's work, and he stated bluntly, "You won't be able to get out of this. In fact, you will only hurt yourselves if you try."

He gestured with his free hand across the room, where I could now see Antonio, Cahal, Elder Jacobs, and Elder Merrick inside a large golden sphere high in the air near our broken door. Antonio was lying on the bottom of it, unconscious, while the three of his four - not frozen or mute - hovered around him protectively, silently watching us. "If he couldn't get them out of my spell, neither will you two, and it would be in your best interests to be conscious while I conduct this trial."

I stilled inside Ezra's hold at the reminder.

Elder Harcourt flicked his free hand, and suddenly, Pearl's and Jack's spheres flew at ours, colliding to make one so that all of us were together, Jack and Pearl also now unfrozen and able to speak. Jack instantly grabbed Pearl's hand, yanking her behind him while he shouted, "Why the f**k weren't we told this new Law had passed? Hell, we weren't even included in the voting. We are the damn Kings and Queens. We should have had to sign off on it."

Oh, good point. "It shouldn't be valid now," I shook my head, pushing to break free of Ezra's hold so I could talk unhindered, "No Law can be passed without our signatures."

Ezra's grip on me only tightened, stopping my squirming, as he growled, "Not in times of war." He met my startled gaze firmly, his Vampire receding so that it was the man, Ezra, who continued speaking. "In times of war, or possible war, emergency Laws can be issued as long as twelve Elders approve it over the majority voting."

I blinked, slowly realizing he was correct. When a war was approaching, or at hand, not all of the Elders or Kings and Queens could sit together to make discussions as a whole, therefore, when what Ezra stated occurred, the Law was passed. Hope flying out the window in a brutal rush, I sighed shakily, but nodded, holding Ezra's desolate gaze, and asked Elder Harcourt, "I'm not being charged with anything else?"

Elder Harcourt chuckled. "Why do you think I silenced everyone? That idiot almost did charge you, but he wasn't able to finish it. If he had, I would currently be spellbound to conduct the trial, and you would already be dead. That isn't going to happen over Elder," he muttered something quietly, "Talus's much needed death."

Elder Harcourt flicked his free hand. "Sleep." Abruptly, every enforcer in the room dropped to the ground with silent thuds, completely dead asleep. The only individuals still conscious were those inside the spheres, even Antonio was starting to stir where he lay. Elder Harcourt cleared his throat, ignoring the fact he had just made forty powerful Mysticals defenseless. "And if he would have attempted to charge you for the...speed...he saw you use when you killed Elder Talus, that wouldn't have held up because our Law strictly states that hybrids are to be killed at birth. You, my dear, Queen Ruckler, are long past birth." I blinked, realizing...loopholes...he was talking about loopholes. "But that doesn't mean Laws can't be altered if he remembers. I certainly wouldn't want that because you will be an amazing Ruler one day soon."

He removed his hand from the sphere, but his power didn't diminish, time and spells still zinging the air around us. He turned and shuffled between the sleeping bodies on the ground to rest against the wall where he had originally appeared, resuming his position with his hands placed in front of him, face again grave. "Nothing can stop the charges already filed on you four."

My mind was flying, trying to think of a damn loophole to this predicament. There had to be something. Our Laws weren't just created out of cruelty; they were also in place for protection. As Cahal had stated, there was a reason for their madness. My eyes darted back and forth between Ezra's, and I could see his mind flying just as fast as mine, desperation and panic molding our features. Honestly, I would rather be dead than have my mind wiped and spelled to be separated from my husband.

Elder Harcourt stated gravely, "Queen Cooper and King Collins, you will answer with only a yes or a no, and good luck trying not to, but if you do not answer, you will be found automatically guilty. Do you understand?"

I could hear Pearl sobbing quietly, but sounding forced, she stated, "Yes, I understand."

"Go f**k yourself," Jack choked, his voice hoarse.

"I'll take that as a yes, and bravo on your strength," Elder Harcourt stated. "Queen Cooper and King Collins, have you two had sexual relations with each other within the last ten years?" Oh, that was a loophole, right there, but too damn bad it didn't help us.

I felt the magic around us pulse, and realized we were in not only a trapping sphere, but also one of truth. They wouldn't be able to lie. My breathing hitched, a single tear tracking down my cheek, but I didn't look away from Ezra, didn't stop searching my mind for an answer. There had to be something.

I heard both Pearl and Jack as they tried to alter their answers, coughing and choking with the effort. From the corner of my eye, I saw Pearl fall to her knees, her hand glowing golden over her throat...but still her mouth opened, and she shouted, "Yes."

Jack gave up trying, yelling at Elder Harcourt, "I f**king love her, you goddamn ass**le, so have I had sex with her? Yes. And every Elder who approved this f**king Law is going to eventually get their due." He lifted Pearl, holding her sobbing form close. "One day, I will remember this. I know I will. No one will be able to stop me from taking my revenge." His bare muscled chest heaved, and he dropped his glowing eyes to Pearl, holding her head close to his neck and dropping his head on hers, both of them visibly trembling.

Elder Harcourt rubbed his chin, sighing heavily, and then lifted his head from its lowered position during Jack's emotional tirade to stare at Ezra and me. When I saw his mouth open, Ezra tilted his head down and touched his lips to mine. Gently. Reverently, his mouth stroked my trembling lips. A sob I couldn't stop at the feel of his heated caress escaped, and I ran my hands up into his hair, gripping tight and holding him close as I cried and kissed him back with every ounce of love and adoration I had. Neither of us stopped our embrace even as we heard Elder Harcourt ask us - he was still f**king asking us - if we'd had sexual relations, nor did we stop when the spell made each of us say yes against each other's mouths.

He was my husband.

I was losing my husband.

Where was the f**king Law in that?

I jerked, pulling my head away from Ezra, the answer like a bright beacon in my mind. He was my husband. By Law, he was mine. And...the Law did protect. My watery gaze flew to Elder Harcourt's, and right as he was about to say something else, I stated, "We're married. He's my Lawful husband. I'm his Lawful wife. Under," my smile was brutal because it was our most important Law, "Law One, no mates can be taken away from each other for longer than one year, up to two years depending on the severity of their punishments, even if imprisoned, for procreation is key for Mystical longevity, and this Law is not limited only to mates, but granted to married couples as well." I waved a hand at the sphere. "And because of the truth spell, you know I'm not lying."

In the stunned silence that surrounded us, Ezra started chuckling quietly, the sound pure evil as he held me tightly. "We also have a wedding certificate if you need it, but I don't have it on me, so you'd have to let me out to get to it."

My lips twitched. If Elder Harcourt let him out right now...

Elder Harcourt grinned, his face crinkling further. "I don't believe that will be necessary, King Zeller, or beneficial to my current health." Elder Harcourt's golden eyes met mine. "You were almost too late." His head cocked. "But that Law is for procreation."

Ezra answered for me, still chuckling quietly. "The Law is for procreation but...it doesn't say it has to be done." Loophole. I rested my head against his shoulder, still holding him close, as he turned his head to Jack and Pearl, saying rapidly, "Lily and I won't be able to remember each other after the sentence, but it's better than not having a chance to meet again. Do you know the old ways for marriage?"

Jack was still standing there shocked at our pronouncement, but he blinked. Then he jerked back, his eyes glowing, and started speaking in...maybe, Latin...his hands glowing blue as he rested one over Pearl's forehead, the other over her Core. Pearl's tear-filled gaze went wide, but she instantly pressed glowing golden hands over his forehead and Core, stating, "I don't know the words."

Jack stopped speaking Latin, and stated to her, "Just say what I am."

She nodded and quickly started repeating after him.

"That'll hold up under our Laws?" I whispered to Ezra, glancing back and forth between Elder Harcourt, and Pearl and Jack as they quickly stated words I couldn't understand. Elder Harcourt didn't seem to be in any big hurry, letting them do this. Honestly, he didn't appear to enjoy what he had to do at all.

"It should," Ezra murmured. "It's one of the most ancient wedding rituals we have. It was done long before we had licensed Mysticals to do weddings. All they need are two witnesses." He glanced at me, then back to them. "Seriously, sweetheart, you need to pick up a few Mystical reference books."

"Shut up," I murmured half-heartedly, my gaze going back to him. "You do know..."

He nodded woodenly. "Yes." His bare chest heaved, and he turned his attention back to me, resting his forehead on mine. "I'll wait for you, and then seduce you all over again."

My lips tilted sadly. "You won't remember me."

He shook his head. "I'll know in my heart and mind that something's not right." He kissed my nose softly. "And when I meet you, I'll fall in love with you all over again." One side of his mouth lifted. "How many people get to fall in love with the same person twice and not know it?" The other side of his mouth lifted to equal a small smile. "This time when I meet you, you won't be mated, and I'll be free to do all the naughty things I thought about that first day we met."

My chin quivered. "And I won't be able to resist you."

An eyebrow lifted against my forehead. "No, you won't."

A half sob, half chuckle escaped. "No, I definitely won't." My eyes darted back and forth between his. "I love you so much."

His chest heaved again. "And I love you, sweetheart."

Once Jack and Pearl had finished their hasty, ancient wedding ritual with a two-minutes-and-forty-three-second kiss, Elder Harcourt cleared his throat and stated loudly, "Well, on to the formalities. The four of you are found guilty under Law Six Zero Zero Two, although, I am modifying it so none of you four will serve jail time. Due to Law One being evoked, since King Zeller and Queen Ruckler are married, and King Collins and Queen Cooper are married, I am further modifying the verdict to Law Six Zero Zero Two. While Law One does diminish a portion of Law Six Zero Zero Two, it doesn't eradicate it completely, so the modifications stand that the four of you will have a spelled memory wipe to erase any memory of the other you were charged with, and that you are to be kept apart for no longer than two years, no less than one." His head cocked as he rubbed his chin. "But due to your high level of publicity in the past, I'm also altering it further so that the ruling holds true." He glanced at us. "Again, I am spellbound to do everything in my power to make this occur within the Laws."

All four of us didn't move a muscle at his pronouncement, and if it were possible, added terror entered my system, making my limbs tremble further than they already were. I was already losing my husband. What else was he going to do to make my life a living hell? I gripped Ezra tighter around his neck, resting my cheek against his, and lifted my legs, wrapping them around his waist to hold him that much closer. In return, he practically broke my ribs, he crushed me so tightly in a perfect hold.

Elder Harcourt rubbed his chin again, glancing at the enforcers asleep on the ground. Cracked his neck. And started glowing the barest bit. My heart rate shot off, like Ezra's against me, as Elder Harcourt stated, "I will also be modifying your memories of each other, not just who you've been found guilty breaking the Law with. Otherwise, you may deduce why you can't remember the individual you are guilty of breaking the Law with. But because of the fact you are so publicly known together," his glowing began increasing, "I will also be modifying everyone else's memories of you four together." He paused. "No one will remember the events that have happened in this room, or have any recollection of the four of you together at any time."

My jaw hung open wide. "Everyone? As in, the whole damn world?"

Elder Merrick's wolf growled across the room, rumbling, "How the hell is that not affecting time, which sure as f**k is against the Law?"

Cahal and Antonio weren't saying anything, only staring across at us. Silent. Expressions now blank. But that was enough to let me know the truth. They knew they couldn't stop this, stop what was being taken from us - any chance of us figuring it out while we were separated. They knew that Elder Harcourt had the power to make this happen.

"You can't mess with my damn mind!" Elder Jacobs shouted. "I'm not charged with anything!"

Elder Harcourt glanced at me. "Yes, the world." His attention swung to Elder Merrick. "I'm not altering the events that have already occurred, or are supposed to occur, only memories and a few videos and papers and such, since they're so popular. Those two parallel on a very thin line, but I'm not affecting time." His gaze went to Elder Jacobs. "And yes, I could, although," he waved one of his glowing hands, and suddenly, Cahal, Elder Merrick, and Elder Jacobs had golden lines across their foreheads...where Antonio had touched them earlier, "I believe Elder Farrar has safeguarded you, himself, and two others, from my spell."

He was now glowing bright enough that I knew he was almost done with his verdict. "Nicely done, Antonio, but," he shoved his hands out, and a bolt of golden lightening arced to their sphere from one of his palms, while from his other palm arced another out the door, making them all jerk and fall to their knees, glowing golden, their hands at their throats, "you may have the memories and be able to communicate amongst yourselves, but you won't be able to communicate with them or anyone else the truth, and further, no one will ever overhear you by means written, seen, heard, tasted, felt, spelled, or dreamt. I can't allow that."

I shuddered in fear, feeling the shockwaves of his power even through our sphere.

"Look at me, sweetheart," Ezra demanded, his voice hoarse. I did, in the glowing golden light. It was now so bright I had to squint my own glowing blue gaze to see Ezra's green one. Forcefully, his forehead met mine as he whispered, "You will come back to me." An order.

"I will. And you'll come back to me," I stated vehemently, heart squeezing painfully, wetness coating my cheeks. "You're mine and I'm yours." I choked in pain. "We will beat this."

"Fuck yes, we will," he growled, his face fierce in the golden glow. "Our bond is deeper than any mate." His heated mouth landed on mine, staying there, whispering against my lips, "We're soul mates."

Arms raised, Elder Harcourt shouted, "So it be done!"

As I was wrapped in Ezra's warmth and scent, blinding light erupted around us.

Power stole my breath.

Power stole my eyesight.

Power stole my mind.

Light evaporated, darkness descended.

Chapter Thirty-One

"Lil, wake up," Antonio's voice called from far away. "Time to open those beautiful blue eyes."

I grumbled, my voice sounding hoarse, and tried to roll, but something cold and hard hindered my action, even though it hadn't felt like I had stopped rolling, more like I was rocking back and forth in a soothing motion.

"Oh, come on," Antonio murmured. "I'm sure you're thirsty by now." A snort. "And I dare say you need it with how pale you are." A jiggle of my shoulder. "Wake up."

"Go 'way," I rumbled, shaking his hand off my shoulder. "Tired." I heard him grunt, then the smell of blood wafted on the air under my nose. I sniffed again, lifting my head to the scent, my fangs descending. It was Antonio's blood. I wasn't sure how I knew that, but I did. My eyes slammed open. "Are you hurt?"

We were in my Hummer and it was dimly lit inside, like it was parked in a garage with a faulty light bulb, placed far away, as the only lighting, so I was unable to tell what time of day it was. I was on the passenger's side, and the seat was reclined - Antonio on the driver's side. I blinked, rubbing my eyes as he shook his head - covered with black hair - and sliced into his wrist with a knife, sticking it against my mouth. "Drink, Lil. You've been asleep for a while and I'm sure you're thirsty. Just don't take too much. I need to be coherent."

"Really?" I asked, never having drank off anyone but Dominic, but seriously loathing bagged blood. I stared at his wrist where it healed almost instantly. "You don't mind?"

"No, I don't mind," he said softly. "Just drink." He sliced into his wrist again, pressing it once again against my lips.

Not one to look a gift-horse in the mouth, I bit into his healing wrist, and my thoughts stuttered on what to send him as I took a gentle pull. I couldn't send him what I had always used on Dominic because...well, that would be just disgusting...but almost instantly, I knew to send him serenity, and I pushed with that, confused at how easy it was, but his blood overtook those spiraling thoughts and I drank my fill of his very powerful tasting, bubbly blood, but stopped before his heart rate slowed so he wouldn't be disoriented as he had asked. Licking over the wound, I laid his limp hand on his lap and sat my chair up, watching his face and listening to his heartbeat.

His eyes blinked open fairly quickly, and he asked, "Was that enough? Or should I get Bindi?"

My fangs instantly retracted. "Bindi?" I knew who she was, or at least, I thought I did. I was pretty sure that was the name of the Mage medic who was always down in the training arena for Mysticals who got injured. "Are you insane?" I rubbed my forehead, trying to wake up further. "Antonio, what are you thinking?"

Antonio sat still for a few seconds, odd sounds coming from his throat, until he stated breathlessly, "She knows about your hybrid nature, and she's traveling with us and willing to donate."

All truths. My jaw hung open. "What the f**k, Antonio? How the hell does she know about me?" My frantic gaze darted back and forth between his. "Do we need to kill her?" When he started making that odd noise again in his throat, I jerked my head around to the scenery, confused as to how we had gotten in my Hummer.

I stilled, seeing a flash of black. I picked up a piece of my hair, eyeing it. It was no longer neon red, but normal Com black, highlighted with brown. I blinked at what I saw outside the SUV.

It looked like a large, possibly, cargo area with enormous ropes hanging from the ceiling on gigantic hooks, their loops slightly swaying back and forth, while seven or eight other random vehicles sat parked around us with no one in them. The walls were made of some dark blue metal, or steel - the overhead lighting dim so I couldn't tell exactly - and in the far distance in one corner, at a large, old wooden table, I saw Felix and Aros and...yeah, that was her name for sure...Bindi sitting at it, playing cards, all their hair spelled various Com shades. I swallowed hard, searching my memory for where the f**k we were and how the hell we had gotten here.

But I couldn't come up with anything.

Not a damn thing.

Panic set in, and I swiftly turned in my seat, glancing out the back window, but I only saw more of the same. "Antonio, what the f**k's going on?"

He cleared his throat and wiped his brow, never having answered my other questions. "This is a cargo ship. We're heading for Australia. Outside Sydney, to be exact. That is to be your post right now. All those with power are being dispersed worldwide to lead our forces. I believe war will be officially declared once everyone is situated where they need to be." He paused. "And no, Bindi doesn't need to be killed. She saw you use some of your abilities, but she can be trusted, and act as a nutritional source for you."

I blinked, my heart rate not calming any. "Why don't I remember any of this?"

His lips pinched, and he glanced away, not answering.

My eyebrows snapped together. Something was seriously wrong. Again, I glanced around my surroundings, but nothing looked familiar except for the individuals I could see and my Vizoac, Bonnie, in the backseat. Glancing down at my clothes didn't even help because I was wearing a man's overlarge grey t-shirt I didn't recognize that read: Live Hard or Die Bored. My eyes narrowed at its hem, which was over my black cargos - those I recognized. All along the bottom of the left side of the shirt was stained dark. Glancing at Antonio, his jaw still clenched and his gaze away from me, I lifted the bottom of the shirt and sniffed at it.

It was blood.

I froze, staring at it. What the f**k had happened?

Mind spiraling, I sniffed at it again, then dabbed at it with my tongue. Wild spice. Dizziness swept over me, but somehow I knew that wild spice was what my blood would taste like, the knowledge there even though I had no f**king clue how it was, that in itself making me nauseous.

I patted my leg where the shirt had been, but I wasn't injured. Disorientation reigning like a tornado in my mind, I sniffed at the unfamiliar shirt further. Profusely, I scented myself, but also Antonio, which meant he had rubbed up against me multiple times, maybe carrying me on this ship that I didn't remember boarding...but...there was also a spicier scent deep in the threads, barely lingering. I didn't know this person's scent, and my eyes slitted as I focused, trying to remember any details. I sniffed long and hard, Antonio now watching me closely, and I met his gaze as I held in the scent that was barely there...but, dammit, I was still unable to remember whose shirt or whose scent this was.

My gaze darted back and forth between Antonio's eyes as I lowered it. His face expressed nothing. "You aren't going to tell me anything?"

He said nothing, his face blank.

My eyebrows rose as I took in the surroundings, the scents, and tried to focus rationally, past my frantic emotions, to analyze my confusion. We sat in silence. It hurt my brain attempting to examine the limited amount of information given, concentration hard as shit to pinpoint, each tiny detail - with my panicky thoughts - trying to derail me. But eventually, I came up with the only possibility given the fact that Mysticals healed too quickly for brain damage.

My gaze met Antonio's. "Someone wiped my memories."

Still, his expression gave away nothing as he stayed silent.

"And it wasn't you because you would be trying harder to fill in the blanks, not to mention I don't believe you would ever do this to me." My head cocked. "But still, you're acting oddly." I assessed him, remembering how he had tried multiple times to speak, but it had come out mangled. Totally indecipherable. Gradually puzzling it out, I voiced my thoughts. "You can't tell me, but you know."

He looked forward. Not one damn thing communicated if I was right or wrong.

But... "I'm right. It's the only thing that makes sense." I turned to stare out the windshield and saw Bindi staring at us, watching us intently but, I swear to God, with that same damn expression of nothingness on her face. "Bindi knows, too." I placed an elbow on the door, chuckling softly, a bit hysterically, with a hand on my forehead as I stared down at the blood on my shirt. "Well, it looks like I put up a fight, anyway." I fingered the blood, which I had no clue as to how it had gotten there. "What the f**k did I do to deserve a memory wipe?" Another glance at Antonio. "And who the hell is powerful enough to do it that you couldn't stop it?"

I didn't expect an answer, and I didn't get one, but I went silent, staring at nothing straight ahead as I zoned out, going through every memory of King Hall and King Cave I had. After an hour of us sitting in silence, Antonio not making a peep nor falling asleep to the gentle rocking of the ocean we were in, I stated, "It more than likely happened at King Cave. That's where my memories end. I remember waking in the infirmary, but I don't know how I was hurt. Before that, you and I were in Vegas searching for my Prodigy, and I found him. But after that...nothing...then I was in the infirmary, and I went back to my room, which I don't remember too much about, but that's where the memories end. At King Cave.

"Unless whoever did this wiped my memories after that, which I guess could be a possibility, but still, it's not likely. King Cave's where it happened. Where the most powerful Mysticals would have been to do this." I tapped the window, staring at the glass. "I must have f**ked up big time to have this done. Broken a Law, because no magic can be performed inside King Cave that isn't pure. This was a legal action." My head fell back against the headrest as I rubbed my forehead - thoughts swirling in anger and panic - and even feeling cold, a literal shiver racking my frame, knowing someone had been in my memories, wiping and pulling whatever they wanted from it, leaving me nothing. "What the f**k did I do?"

When Antonio only continued his silence, frustration built, making my jaw clench and hands fist, and I glared at him. "You are one hell of a powerful Mage. There is no reason for you not to be working on a spell right now to reverse this. I know I wouldn't have done something heinous enough to be mind raped. I'm not made that way. I'm not evil at heart." I snorted. "In fact, I'm just a f**king scared woman trying to find my damn way in a life I was thrown into, which I never wanted in the first place, but I'm doing it! And this is how I'm rewarded for doing as I have to? For doing what's right?" I shoved his arm when he stayed mute, shouting, "Goddamn it, Antonio, don't just sit there like a statue! Fix this!"

He turned his head away, staring out his window and placing a hand over his mouth.

My breath caught, and my throat started to throb.

What the hell had I done that he wouldn't help me?

The only man I truly thought of as my dad, and who I thought loved me unconditionally, was turning from me.

Had I been so awful?

My eyes began to burn. "Did I do something you don't approve of?" Still nothing. I shook my head and wiped a tear that fell, and I pounded on his shoulder and chest, screaming, "Why the hell aren't you trying to fix this? I know I wouldn't do something bad enough to deserve this! Don't you f**king love me anymore?"

His arms were instantly around me even as I continued hitting him, his voice choked. "I love you, Lil. Don't ever think I don't. I love you with all my heart."

Truth.

A sob escaped. "Then fix this."

Silence.

Nothing except for his arms tightening around me.

I shook my head furiously. "Goddamn you!" I thrust him away hard enough he hit the door. "Goddamn you for letting someone mind rape me! Goddamn you for not trying to fix it! Someone who loves you tries to help. They don't just f**king sit there. So don't give me bullshit lies you've convinced yourself on because that's not f**king love, Antonio. Because giving up...is the same thing as not caring enough to give a shit."

I shoved out of the car, slamming the door behind me, and went to the opposite end of the cargo hold from where my elite guard and Bindi were staring at me. Away from their eyes and other senses.

Just away.

I found a nook in a corner and curled up, choking as my throat burned, letting my confusion and anger overtake me, and sobbed my pain because I was alone in this.

Alone.

Holding an official missive in my hands, I stared not at it, but at my surroundings.

They were what I called 'home' now, located just north of Sydney, Australia. I had for the past two weeks, anyway. As a little girl, I would have loved it, I finally decided. I was in a tent of sorts. Like a circus tent, but bedroom-size. The tent itself was white, but there was golden Mage magic on the material, giving it an ethereal glow and making it shimmery and delicate like a fairy tale, but in reality it was only a soundproofing spell Antonio had added when we first arrived so no one could hear our conversations.

AKA: When I ranted at him when he still did nothing to help, or when I screamed in fury when I couldn't access my memories for the millionth time, or when I cried myself to sleep in frigid loneliness.

Gaze continuing to roam, I glanced to the right of the opening of the tent, which was a tall flap that was currently closed, where there were two tall, plush burgundy chairs and a black couch, a small coffee table in the middle. The chairs appeared inviting and warm, but in reality they were never sat on, and the only use they received was the mileage they collected as I hurled them through the air in my moments of complete insanity. On the other side of the entrance were two large cherry wood dressers with a Mage mirror directly in the middle of them, as if I truly cared what I wore instead of wearing only black leather in which I could move easily and fight...unless it was at night, then I pulled out the old t-shirt I had been wearing when I had first awoken after my memory wipe, and prayed it would help me remember, but always, my prayers were never answered.

The king-size bed I now rested on was next to the dressers, its sheets burgundy with plush pillows, and covered with a leopard print fur bedspread. It was big enough to fit three people comfortably, but only one ever lay on it, the bed always icy and empty, too large for only me. Two cherry wood end tables sat on either side of the bed and held black wrought-iron lamps. The end tables were large enough for portraits of family and friends, but none sat there, for I had no friends. My mom was dead, and the man I considered my dad didn't care enough to even try to help me, even if he endlessly told me he loved me, and somehow in his twisted, cruel mind it was always the truth. Over the brown grass that lined the foot of the tent's walls was an oversized black and burgundy plush rug where my only faithful companion lay, my Vizoac, which was sad in itself as I had been reduced to an elderly person's distraction. But it was how I liked it, if I really liked anything anymore. Well, that, and the silence my solitude afforded me.

I was Queen Ruckler and everyone wanted a piece of me. At all times. Always for their own diplomatic needs, never once asking honestly or earnestly if there was anything they could do for me, only the kiss asses asking that for their own gain, and those individuals I completely tuned out. But oddly, I didn't mind those I did speak with keeping things strictly professional. I knew they did it because of the wall I had erected between myself and those in power, the individuals I may have similarities with. Because, point blank, I just wanted everyone to stay the f**k back. I had a hard enough time dealing with my own issues, so the last thing I wanted to do was deal with anyone else's.

I debated going through the small flap at the back of the tent and taking a bath before opening the spelled, sealed letter I held in my hand, so I stared at the flap mutely in my silent tent, seeing if I gave a shit enough to get up and do it. That was how I did most things in my free time. If I actually got up to do it, then I did it, otherwise, I would zone out and try to remember what had been taken from me. My head cocked at the small flap. When we had first arrived in this camp, it had actually surprised me that there were magically enchanted bathrooms inside the tents, but now I just wondered where all of the waste disappeared to, the 'enchantment' gone for me.

When I didn't get up, I blinked and glanced down at the envelope I held. Maybe I should open it now. It looked vaguely important. When it came to work, I tried to pay attention - anything to keep my mind off what I inevitably came back to after I entered my 'home' in the wee hours of the morning. I didn't sleep much, getting up before dawn and heading back out to do my duty as Queen Ruckler...because, really, what else was there for me to do?

So I opened it.

Read it.

Didn't feel much of anything as I stood and patted my leg for Bonnie to follow me outside, and she did shadow dutifully as I walked through the camp filled with hundreds of white enchanted tents lined close together, a few wooden chairs and rockers sitting outside their openings on the dead grass. As I moved, I gazed up at the golden bubble that domed the entire encampment. It was transparent and let in the elements, the moon and stars shining brightly through, but Antonio had told me no Com could pass, and neither could any weapons aimed at us, and it masked our whereabouts. It was something special one of the Mages had concocted, making me bet that Mage had also taken the idea from King Cave's protection, since it resembled it.

Arriving at the lone black tent of the camp - headquarters - Bonnie and I entered. To the right were black leather couches all aimed at the many flat screen TVs magically suspended in midair, all focused on news channels that covered the broadcasts of the world's major cities. To the left was a wooden oval table and a fridge, sink, and cabinets. Directly in front of us was a long wall of black tent material with a sheer curtain flap for an opening in the center. The entire tent's material was also sparkling with Mage privacy magic, so it was loud when I entered, since the place was full of Elders and commanding Mysticals - those that I, and the Elders, had hand-selected for our Commanders - on the couches or sitting around the table eating, waiting for the inescapable.

They went mute only a moment later, seeing me enter and stand in place. I nodded my head toward the back of the tent and moved, without asking them to follow, toward the black sheer tent flap, brushing past it to the larger section of the headquarters, which housed the computers and technologically skilled Mysticals. I continued walking, everyone following me silently and continuing the journey with me to the back of the tent where another black wall of tent material separated the large tent in its final, third piece. Mage magic protected this room entirely, the flap I passed under solid, instead of sheer.

I went to the head of the large black marble table, which was identical to the one in King Cave's main conference room, and continued standing while the others filed into the room around the conference table. When the flap closed, the last Elder or Commander having entered, I cleared my throat in the silence and reopened the missive in my hands, reading aloud its contents word for word. "Queen Lily Ruckler, negotiations have ceased with the Commoner leaders of the world. The time for attempting peace is over. There is no other viable option. Mystical-Commoner World War II has been officially declared. Strike now. My heartfelt regrets, Elder Richard Harcourt." I lowered the missive while Bonnie jumped onto the table, sitting regally but watching everyone warily in front of where I stood, and I stated, "We're officially at war. I want to strike Sydney's defenses within the hour, before they realize what's happening." My dead gaze landed on Antonio. I blinked, and then moved on to every gentleman and lady in the room, letting my power touch each of them so that no one would dare argue with me. "I will lead the attack alongside Elder Farrar."

I did.

I relished it, my rage finally finding a useful outlet.

Surprise, surprise, I f**king finally found something I excelled at.

Bloodshed.

Chapter Thirty-Two

Waking the same way for the third morning in a row, I rolled out of bed and raced to the bathroom. Dropping to my knees in front of the toilet, I heaved the contents of my stomach into its porcelain depths, no longer giving a damn where the waste went, just as long as it did and I didn't have to smell it, nauseating me further. Sweat beading my forehead, I choked, then heaved again until all that came out was stomach acid, burning my throat and nostrils.

Catching my breath, I fumbled for the handle, flushing the toilet. I knew I needed to call Antonio. But the only time I ever spoke to him anymore was on the battlefield when it was necessary, ignoring him the rest of the time, even when he found where I was hiding every night to have my dinner and interrupted my solitude to sit next to me, as if I wanted him there and as if he wanted to be there, always having a one-sided conversation with himself while I zoned out and ate, not hearing a bit of his forced ramblings.

But now I needed to call him.

It had been one month since MCWWII had begun, and before that, two weeks since my memory wipe. During that entire time, I hadn't had my period. At first, I had brushed it off as stress, but now, with the nausea in the morning, which was in no way normal for a healthy Mystical, I dreaded the worst. But dreading facts didn't make them go away, so I washed my face and made the call asking him to bring Bindi with him to my tent.

They arrived within ten minutes, both of them appearing harried, surprised, hopeful, and even a tad worried that I had asked for their presence.

Voice as cold as a winter's night, I stated bluntly, "I think I may be pregnant. But I don't know how that's possible because the last thing I remember was having a Mage tie my tubes, and I don't remember having sex with Finn, or anyone else, any time after my last period." Both of them appeared about ready to faint. "I'm not one hundred percent sure, but I think I might be."

Bindi was the fastest to recover, her face going physician-worthy. "If you had your tubes tied, I'm sure by an extremely talented medical professional, then the chances aren't likely." She cracked her knuckles on her right hand. "You stated you haven't had sex since your last period, but not when the first day of your last menstrual cycle began. Can you remember when that was?"

Nice choice of wording. "The last one I remember was around eight weeks ago."

She froze, her eyes going wide. "And you're just now mentioning this?"

"I thought it was stress-related."

Her nostrils flared, but she nodded once. "That is a viable reason for a missed period," she growled, "or two." She cracked her knuckles on her left hand. "Have you had any other symptoms?"

I nodded once. "I've been throwing up for the last three mornings."

Neither said a word.

I added the kicker. "I tried to shift before you two arrived, and I couldn't." A pause. "In fact, that was the first time I have tried to shift since waking on the cargo ship." I hadn't had a need for it, fighting in my regular form since my wolf was tiny.

Antonio actually wobbled where he stood, and Bindi's arm jerked out like it was automatic, grabbing his arm to steady him, but her attention was steadfast on me.

When neither said anything, I continued my one-sided conversation. "Is there any other possibility that explains my symptoms?"

Antonio's gaze flew to Bindi, and she nibbled on her lip a moment, her eyebrows puckered, before she stated almost happily, "You've been shot a couple of times during combat with silver bullets. There may still be a fragment of the shell inside you somewhere, which fits all of these symptoms." She nodded quickly, gesturing to my bed. "Lie down and I'll do a scan, and if we don't find anything, then I can do an internal exam as a last resort for pregnancy."

I did as told, lying on the bed, not bothering to tell her I still had my powers, so the silver excuse wasn't viable. The exam needed to be done anyway. Feeling cold and bereft, I stared at the ceiling, while Antonio hovered, as Bindi started at my head, her hands glowing. Slowly and methodically she moved her hands over me, an inch away from my skin, leaving not one area untouched as she moved down over my shoulders, each arm, br**sts, rib cage, and stomach. But when she got to my lower abdomen she froze, her hand hovering and then glowing brighter. Her body trembled, before her face blanked completely. In a monotone voice, she said, "I'll need to do that internal exam, Queen Ruckler." She licked her lips. "It's not a shard of silver. You are, indeed, pregnant. I can feel the baby's pulse, beating so faintly I'm positive even a Vampire wouldn't be able to hear it yet, but it's strong."

In that instant, at the verification, something splintered inside my soul. If I thought I had been cold before, this was the arctic that slipped into my veins, uncontrollable as I stared at the tent's shimmering ceiling.

I'd had sex with someone.

I couldn't remember him.

Even that memory stolen from me.

So now I was having a stranger's baby, when I didn't even like brats to begin with, having spent time in King Cave babysitting the tiny monsters. Why had I babysat? I couldn't remember, or even begin to guess why I had every other day stepped foot in a nursery when I loathed it so much. But peculiarly I...placing a hand over my flat lower stomach...yes, I wanted this stranger's child.

My child. I definitely wanted it, and I didn't have to remember anything to know that was all my own current knowledge. The baby was mine.

Eyes unblinking and my brows puckered, my thoughts began to coil as I began feeling nauseous again.

Why...

It didn't make sense.

Why the hell would those memories have been taken from me?

A crime yes, but sex with someone?

No, that didn't make sense.

I blinked as if waking from a dream, a new snaking coldness rushing through my veins.

Unless...

I lifted my right hand, and gently slid off the ring on my thumb. The one I stared at every night, wondering what it meant. I scrutinized it in a different light. Black and red. I blinked slowly, remembering there had once been a scent on the man's grey t-shirt I wore to bed. The one I wore right now.

Abruptly, a cold tear trickled down my icy cheek.

I now understood the symbolic nature of the ring.

Black and red. Vampire.

Air left me, my gaze flying to my stomach, as realization dawned, only to demolish like morose obscurity, ripping away any real clarity because the possibilities were endless within the Vampire faction. I was mind raped because I'd had sex with a Vampire. Law 6002, one of the newest.

Breathless, I shook my head, letting it fall back on the pillow. My breathing hiccupped repeatedly. Someone had f**ked with my mind because of who I'd had sex with. I placed the ring in front of my blurry eyes, tilting it to read the inscription as I had done a million times.

It read: The Beauty Is Found.

The Vampire must have loved me, just as I must have loved him - I wore his ring - for both of us to have risked something so dear as losing stages of time, our past. My mind. This was enough to make anyone go insane, and I sure as hell was already halfway there.

Yet we had done it anyway. Because of love. For some mysterious 'Beauty' that I remembered nothing of. And now, I was paying the consequences for an experience that was as much an enigma as mermaids were in fairytales, living my life alone in the glacial reality and pregnant with no knowledge of who the father was.

"Queen Ruckler!" Bindi shouted loudly. "Can you hear me?"

Having a pretty good indication she and Antonio had both been trying to get my attention for some time, both wearing identical expressions of worry as they hovered in front of my face, I slipped the ring back onto my thumb, one of the only clues to my memory loss, and asked with a voice that could have inflicted frostbite, "Can either of you tell me where the hell the beauty is in this? Because I sure as f**k would like to know." At their confused silence, I shook my head hard, a cold shudder racking my body as I turned on my side, curling up, and stared at the ring. "I want to know who the father is."

Neither of them said a word. Didn't move, in fact.

"Still you two hold your silence," my frigid gaze met Antonio's, "and still you do nothing." I snorted, my gaze returning to the ring. "There is something you could do, Antonio."

Instant. "What is it?"

"I'll need you to put a permanent spell on me, so no Vampires can hear the baby's heartbeat, and when I start to show, you'll need to modify my appearance for everyone else." I twirled the ring. "I'm going to keep this child, but I sure as f**k am not giving up going into battle because I'm pregnant. Killing Coms is the only joy I have left, and I won't have that taken away, too."

Bindi made an odd noise in her throat, and then finally stated, "You need to think of the baby, since you've decided to have it, and literally fighting in a war is not healthy for it." She paused, her voice garbled. "Besides, I haven't done my internal examination, and I might yet find an indication that states you shouldn't be up and moving around, much less fighting."

I turned the ring on my finger. "I'm the Queen Shifter. I can't just disappear for months on end. I haven't injured the baby yet with my fighting." I held up a stopping hand when she started to argue. "If and when it would be required of me not to fight...so much...then I will do it." I lowered my hand, turning the ring again. "But I will need that spell, Antonio."

He nodded. "I can do that easily enough, but the baby will also need a protection spell when it's born." He rolled his shoulders, sitting back on the bed. "I'll have to work on that." In other words, just like the spell I now had from him to cover my Vampire side.

I blinked, my eyes meeting his. "You could also work on the reversal spell I want."

No answer.

"Is it because I'm all grown up, Antonio?" I asked bitterly, emotion actually entering my tone and my veins for a moment, ice melting. "Do you only love defenseless baby hybrids, and not adult hybrids that f**k up their lives all on their own?" I didn't give a f**k if Bindi knew right then. Hell, she probably already did and just couldn't say it.

Pain etched his features. "I love you, Lil. No matter how old you get or how many scrapes you get yourself into. I'll always love you."

Twisted f**king truth.

I snorted even as a fresh batch of freezing tears welled in my eyes. "Get the hell out so Bindi can do the exam." Coldness welled again as I stared at the ring, watching Antonio do as told from the corner of my eye, and I whispered on the barest breath, "Love is overrated. All it brings is emptiness." I twirled the ring again. "Definitely not beauty."

