Chapter One

Carly

I'm all about '80s Flashback Fridays on radio stations as long as I don't have to listen. I love music, but the '80s is one decade of tunes that needs to be buried-in a deep hole-and covered over. At least that's how I felt as I sat in traffic while the sun beat down on me through the window.

My Camry is a great car. I love every little thing about it, except for its malfunctioning radio, and said radio's impeccable timing of getting stuck on a station at the worst moment. That's how I came to be singing along to Madonna's Like a Virgin at the top of my lungs with the windows down as I drove into Corolla, North Carolina. I need to amend my earlier statement; there are a few redeemable songs from that decade.

I hadn't actually told my brother that I was coming to stay with him. That kind of forewarning would have resulted in him trying to dissuade me from visiting. As cool as Colin was, he had a thing about privacy, especially now that he had a serious girlfriend. He'd been home from Paris less than a month, but I knew he was trying to convince Maddy, the girlfriend, to move in. From what I understood she was resisting. Maddy also happened to be one of my favorite people in the world, so I was trying to be Switzerland in the whole situation. Of course her moving in might make it more likely that they'd get married, which would mean I'd see her for the rest of my life. I guess in that way I was kind of biased.

After getting a few stares from pedestrians, I lowered the volume of both my voice and the radio. There was no reason to annoy the neighbors-even if they were mostly tourists.

I pulled into Colin's driveway, taking in his gorgeous two story beach house. The place wasn't actually his. His company owned it, but it was still pretty cool.

Nine o'clock at night seemed like a safe time to show up unannounced. It was late enough that even my workaholic brother should have been home, but it was early enough that I wouldn't interrupt any activities he was having with Maddy. I'd done that before, and Colin was less than thrilled.

Maddy was there. I noticed her bicycle leaning against the garage. I was surprised Colin hadn't brought it inside. He was very much into keeping the property visually appealing. I know I'm probably painting him in a negative light. I'm not trying to. He's a great guy, a fantastic brother and all that, but he could be incredibly uptight about some things. Maddy seemed to chill him out and bring out all his good qualities. She needed to stick around. In my defense, I knew he was good for her too. I guess you could say they brought out the best in each other.

I popped the trunk and pulled out a couple of bags. I'd probably over packed, but I didn't plan to leave for a while. Going home to my parents' house was out of the question, and now that I had a college diploma, my on-campus apartment was no longer an option. I brought everything I didn't want to leave in storage. I walked up the steps dragging an oversized duffel and a large rolling suitcase. By the time I reached the top stair I regretted the decision to drag them up myself. Colin could have lifted them and saved me the effort.

I took a deep breath and readied myself before knocking.

The door opened, and Maddy pulled me into a huge hug. "Carly!"

"Hey!" I shared her enthusiasm. I was probably even more excited to see her than I was to see my brother.

Maddy opened the door wider and picked up the duffel. I'd taken two steps into the entryway when Colin walked down the hall.

"Carly?" Wearing only jeans and with wet hair, Colin's appearance made me doubt my timing analysis. But then again Maddy's hair was completely dry. Maybe he'd just taken a post-work shower.

"Hey, brother." I dropped the handle to my suitcase and hugged him before he could respond.

"Uh, why are you in my front hall with all of your belongings?" He looked around the entryway like the walls might provide him with an answer.

"You think this is all my stuff? You did live with me for fourteen years of your life."

Maddy laughed. "Are you in town for awhile? When we saw you at graduation you said you were planning to stay around campus for the summer."

"Yeah. Change of plans." The staying around idea had sounded good until my friend who was supposed to be splitting the rent in an apartment went and got engaged. The trials of being a single twenty-something.

"So you're here for a few days then?" Colin's voice lilted a little. He was afraid of my answer.

"Maybe a week-or a month or something."

"Carly!" Colin turned red. That's what he always did when he got annoyed.

"What?"

"You know I love you, but you can't move in here."

"Why not? You have tons of room."

"It's my house."

"I'll be good. I was helpful when I was here in December." The jab probably got him where it hurt. I'd rescued Maddy when he'd stood her up on their three-month anniversary because of work. That should have entitled me to something.

A smile crossed his lips, and I knew he was done fighting. "Fine. You can stay a few days."

"Awesome!" Maddy popped up on her toes. I'm pretty sure I brought out the giddy, girly side in her. I got the feeling she was usually more reserved. Her current position was as a bartender, but she definitely seemed very type-A personality. That side of her nature mirrored Colin's.

I edged my way further into the room. "I'm sure you guys already have plans, so I'll go unpack."

"Plans? Not exactly." Maddy reached for the duffel she'd dropped, but Colin went and picked it up along with my suitcase. He moved them easily down the hallway to the guestroom.

He returned a moment later smiling. He could act tough, but he loved seeing me.

"Then what should we do? Want to go out for a drink, or watch a movie or something?" I threw out suggestions, wanting to keep things fun.

Maddy tried to stifle a yawn. "I was thinking about baking something."

"Baking?" Colin and I asked in unison.

Maddy laughed. "Ok, you two sound related right now. Why are you surprised?"

"You don't bake," Colin said matter of factly as he pulled his t-shirt on over his head.

Maddy put a hand on her jean clad hip. "Brody's teaching me. He's given up on the cooking, but he thinks I have some ability when it comes to baking. I like it. It's more of a science."

I made myself at home on one of Colin's couches. "Oh yeah. Brody's a chef, right?" Brody was one of Maddy's two roommates. I'd only met him once but he'd seemed cool.

Maddy sat down next to me. "Yeah. He's amazing. He's also a good baker, but it's not his specialty."

I stretched, I'd spent entirely too long in my car. "Not only do you live with attractive guys, but one can cook. You're a lucky girl."

Colin scowled. "And you wonder why I'm frustrated she hasn't fully moved in yet?"

Maddy gasped. "You told Carly that!"

"Yes. She agreed with me that after months of living together in Paris, this shouldn't be a big deal."

"I did not agree." I turned to Maddy. "Ignore him. What are we baking?"

"Oatmeal raisin cookies."

"Can't you make them chocolate at least?" Colin whined but his grin made it clear he wouldn't have cared if she'd suggested baking liver and onions. He loved having Maddy in his home. I wondered if she realized how much her moving in meant to him.

"I found a great recipe, but I need to run to the store."

"Oh, can I come?" I might have just spent five hours in the car, but that didn't mean I wouldn't tag along.

Colin put a hand on her shoulder. "What do you need to get?"

Maddy smiled. "Raisins, oatmeal."

Colin laughed. "All right, why don't we all go? But we'll have to take your car, Carly. Maddy's is at her place, and mine only seats two."

"Or we could take your BMW. You can stay home."

Colin shook his head. "Nope. It's a lease."

"Fine, but I'm not driving." I tossed him my keys.

He caught them. "All right, do you have enough of a list, babe?"

Maddy stood up. "Yeah. I'm all set."

"I'm surrounded by crazy girls." Colin put an arm around each of us, and we headed out the door.

"Yes, but loveable crazy girls." Maddy kissed him on the cheek.

"Most of the time." He moved away in time to avoid her hand making contact with his arm.

Maddy refused to let me sit in the backseat, so I reluctantly took the front. There was no reason to argue over something like that. Colin drove down the one major road in town and pulled up in front of a small general store type place. There was a large grocery store in town, but apparently Maddy preferred this family owned market even though it took longer to get to.

Colin met Maddy on her side of the car and took her hand. I probably had a goofy grin on my face. I loved seeing my brother so happy, and it was because of a great girl. At least I could have a normal relationship with one of my siblings.

The surprisingly spacious store was nearly empty. Only an older couple perused the shelves. I didn't even see anyone at the register. Hopefully they'd get back by the time we finished.

I followed Maddy around as she filled a basket with ingredients.

"Boo!"

I jumped back, turning around and coming face to face with a set of drop-dead gorgeous blue eyes. The owner of the eyes ran a hand through his dark brown hair.

I recovered from the surprise, but not from his closeness. "Umm, what the hell was that?"

"Macon!" Maddy groaned. "You scared Carly half to death."

"Carly wasn't scared, were you?" Macon, Maddy's roommate, took a step back and grinned.

Colin responded before I could. "Don't mess with my sister." He emphasized sister more than he probably needed to.

"Funny. I almost forgot you two were related. You don't look anything alike." Macon let his eyes roam over me. "And that's a very good thing."

I looked down at my violet sundress self-consciously. I could count the number of times a guy had undressed me in his head like that before. He hadn't done that to me the last time we met. I wondered what had changed.

"Macon, quit perving on Carly." She shook her head before turning to me. "I guess meeting Macon for the second time means he's going to show you his true colors. Also known as his annoying side."

Macon laughed. "Don't listen to a word she says. She loves me."

"Not as much as you love yourself."

It was my turn to laugh. Macon was a riot-and sexier than sin. I completely understood why Colin didn't want Maddy living with him.

"Ok, this love fest is great and all, but if we want to make cookies we should go. Now." Colin put a gentle hand on Maddy's arm. He was always really careful with her, like if he wasn't, she'd break. I didn't see Maddy that way. She was one of the strongest girls I knew.

"Cookies?" Macon looked in Maddy's basket. "Wait. No. Oatmeal raisin? For real?"

"That was my response." Colin laughed. "Why not chocolate chip?"

"Exactly." Macon looped his thumb in the front pocket of his jeans. The action brought my eyes down in that direction. I quickly glanced back up, but not before he caught me looking.

"Are there going to be enough cookies for four?" Macon asked Maddy.

"I thought you didn't like oatmeal raisin cookies?" She raised an eyebrow.

"I do, just not as much as chocolate chip. Besides, I can give you a ride home."

"I'm staying at Colin's tonight?" She turned to my brother.

"Uh, why wouldn't you stay over? It's not because of me, is it?" That would be my one way boot from Colin's house. I sure hoped she didn't insist on staying at home.

"I just didn't know if you guys wanted brother-sister time or something."

I jumped in quickly. "Nope. I'd rather hang out with you too."

"Ok. Then I don't need a ride, and if you really want cookies I can bring them by tomorrow."

Macon shrugged. "Suit yourself. I should probably head home anyway. I have a six a.m. dive tomorrow." Then he turned his attention to me. "And nice seeing you again, Carly."

"You too." I tried to keep the disappointment out of my voice. Colin would have jumped all over it.

***

Waking up to waffles cooking always put me in a good mood. As much as Colin pretended he didn't want me around, he sure had a funny way of showing it. Making me my favorite breakfast on my first morning wasn't going to make me want to leave. I'd struggled to pull myself from the soft sheets. I'd upgraded to nicer sheets my senior year, but they weren't like these. I stepped into the in-suite bathroom before heading to the kitchen. I was positive the shower in my room would have a whole lot more water pressure than the one at school.

"What's the occasion?" I took a seat at the large island and watched him cook. He seemed to be handling everything just fine on his own.

"You know, just thought I'd make you guys something." He played it off as no biggie.

"Where's Maddy?" I got up, deciding I couldn't wait any longer for a cup of coffee. I needed caffeine in the morning.

"Still sleeping. She's usually up by now, but I thought I'd let her sleep in."

I smiled. "Good decision. Now you can bring her breakfast in bed."

He poured batter onto the waffle maker. "Good idea. Could you make her a cup of tea?"

"Yeah. Definitely." I rifled through the cabinets until I found the stash of teas Colin kept for her. He never drank them himself.

After settling on green tea, I walked around Colin to the sink and filled up the kettle. "What time are you going into work?"

"I'm not." He finished the first waffle and went to work on another. "It's Saturday, remember?"

"Since when did the day of the week dictate whether you went to work or not?" I knew my brother was trying to make more time for Maddy, but taking all of Saturday off seemed like a stretch.

"Since Paris. Maddy's working tonight, so I'll get work done when she's at the Grille."

"Are you okay with her bartending again?" I figured this might be my one chance to ask. I certainly wouldn't ask in front of Maddy.

"Sure. It seems to make her happy enough. She's still trying to figure out what she wants to do."

I drank my coffee and put two waffles on my plate before Colin made a tray to bring up to Maddy. I figured I didn't need to be involved in the delivery.

"What's really going on, Carly?" Colin pulled the syrup out of the fridge. It was the real maple kind that cost a fortune.

"What do you think is going on?" I let some annoyance slip into my voice. Colin new exactly why I'd shown up on his door step.

"You're going to have to face her sometime." He gave me a knowing look.

"Easy for you to say." I crossed my arms.

He leaned on his elbows. "She's your sister too."

"Don't remind me." I walked back to my room in a huff. I couldn't afford to fight with Colin. He was the only one in my family who didn't hate me.

Chapter Two

Macon

I'm not a morning person. Dragging myself out of bed at the crack of dawn isn't my idea of fun, but it's completely worth it when I'm taking out a dive boat. I don't know where it came from, but I have a love of water that runs deep. It's like I come alive as soon as I disappear under the surface. It's probably why I was still at my job as a dive instructor at a scuba shop nearly two years after arriving in the Outer Banks.

"What's up, man?" Ralph, another instructor at the shop, asked. He downed a cup of coffee like a parched man drinks water.

"Not much. It's too early, but what's new?"

He laughed. "Yeah. I hear you." He held up his cup in evidence.

I nodded before heading into the back to pick up some gear.

"So, how's Maddy?" Ralph tried to make it sound nonchalant, but I knew it wasn't. I'd been an idiot to set him up on a date with my best friend and roommate. I'd purposely sabotaged it, and now he blamed that on why she wasn't interested.

"She's fine. Still with Colin."

"Oh. Really?"

"You can't be surprised. She lived with him in Paris for months."

"Yeah, but he seems too uptight for her."

"Do you even know Maddy? She's as type-A as they come."

"Really?" His eyes widened. "She doesn't seem that way."

"I've known her for years. This whole wandering nomad thing is just a stage." I'd said the same thing about myself at one point, but I was starting to doubt it.

"Well, I guess it's good she's happy with him at least."

I laughed. "Say it like you mean it, man."

"Hey, I'll give you the same treatment when you finally meet a girl you want to do more than fuck. Seriously man, is there really no one?"

"Not now. What's the point?" At his reference to sex my thoughts went immediately to Colin's little sister. Had she really been that cute the first time I met her? Maybe it was that she wasn't in college anymore. It's funny how one piece of paper can change someone. A fleeting thought of that reddish brown hair of hers sprawled across my pillow came to mind. I only enjoyed the thought for a second. Bringing that image to reality would lead to trouble with Maddy. I'd learned at an early age that pissing off my best friend was a bad idea. Besides, Maddy seemed happy with Colin, and I wasn't about to wreck that for her by sleeping with the sister.

"Suit yourself. Get your crap together though, we're running late."

"Yeah, I'm going."

***

"I'll take my usual." I sat down on a stool at the outdoor Tikki bar at the Grille. Maddy was working, and I tried to stop by a few times a week to hang out. Otherwise we barely saw each other. Even living in the same condo, if your work hours don't match, it's hard to catch up. It also didn't help that she had started spending almost every night with her boyfriend. I wasn't sure why she hadn't just moved in with him already.

"One Long Island coming right up." She tried to put some enthusiasm in her voice, but she didn't sound like herself. I decided to ignore it. She'd tell me if there was something she needed to talk about. I could usually rely on her being open with me. I couldn't say the same about myself lately. I'd been holding a hell of a lot back. I just didn't want to put anything more on her plate.

"Thanks, Sunshine." I glanced around the crowded patio. Beach music played at a low level from the speakers, but the noise from the other customers mostly drowned it out.

"Here you go." She set the glass down in front of me.

I took a long sip. "Thanks." Maddy could mix a mean Long Island iced tea. She was meticulous in her measuring, and she always seemed to get it right.

"No problem." She leaned back against the counter for about two seconds before a couple came over.

"Two Shark Baits." By the slur in the man's voice this couldn't be his first.

Maddy examined them carefully, undoubtedly noticing the same potentially inebriated state. "Did you guys drive here?"

"No. We're staying at the Hampton down the street."

"Ok, cool." She visibly relaxed. "One second."

I didn't get a chance to talk to her much. The bar was hopping. I chatted with Mary, a cute waitress who'd been working at the Grille as long as I'd been in Corolla. She'd cancelled on me the one time I'd asked her out, and I was okay with it. There was no reason to make my visits to the Grille awkward. The first two summers I was at the beach I enjoyed the tourists, but I was bored with them now. It had been close to three years since I'd had any semblance of an actual relationship, and as hard as it was to admit, a part of me was kind of craving it. Maybe it was watching Maddy and Colin. Who knows?

"Macon, could you watch the bar?" Maddy gripped the bar top and her face drained of color.

"Sure." Her request surprised me. She never let me behind the bar.

"Thanks." She dashed off. Something was definitely up with her. I just had to find out what it was.

I walked back behind the bar and talked to my first customers. Thankfully they just wanted beer.

"Hey," a soft voice called.

I glanced up from opening the beer to see Carly.

"Hey there, how are you?" I couldn't deny some excitement at seeing her again. She was wearing another one of her little sundresses. They showed off every one of her curves.

"I'm doing well. I came by to say hi to Maddy. Where is she? She wasn't at the inside bar either."

"She dashed off and asked me to watch the bar, so I am."

"How long has she been gone?" Concern crossed Carly's face, and my suspicion grew.

"Long enough. Want to check out the restroom? Maybe she's sick or something."

"Ok, sure." Carly hurried off inside.

"A Sex on the Beach and a rum and Coke," A middle aged woman flashed me a smile.

"I'll get your rum and Coke, but you'll have to tell me what's in a Sex on the Beach."

"Oh. I think you know." She rolled her tongue over her teeth in what I think was supposed to be a suggestive gesture.

"Uh, I don't actually know the ingredients. If you don't mind waiting, Maddy will be back soon."

"It's vodka and peach schnapps with orange and cranberry juice. But, you can make it any way you like." She raised an eyebrow.

With perfect timing as always Carly and Maddy returned.

"Sorry. What can I get you?" Maddy shot the customer a smile.

The customer didn't even look at her. "Oh, he's got me taken care of."

"Is that so?" Maddy attempted to keep a straight face.

"Yes. He seems more than capable." The woman zeroed her gaze in on my arms.

"Oh yes, Macon is very capable." Maddy grinned at me. She was definitely enjoying the show.

"I was just telling him to put a spin on a Sex on the Beach. I'd love to see his take on it."

Carly snickered. "I'd like to see that too."

I glanced at her. Was she talking about the drink?

I bumbled around behind the bar searching for the ingredients before Maddy put me out of my misery. "I'll take care of it. Is it just the one Sex on the Beach, or did you want anything else?"

The woman composed herself, probably realizing I wasn't flirting back. "A rum and Coke, as well."

Maddy quickly made the drinks. The woman paid and walked off.

"Think the rum and Coke was for her husband?" Carly asked.

"Probably," Maddy mumbled.

"Are you doing okay?" I watched Maddy carefully, she wasn't as pale.

"Yeah. I'm just feeling under the weather."

"Why don't you see if you can close up early? Max won't care." If I were sick the last thing I'd have wanted to do was serve drunk tourists more booze.

"It's too busy for that. And obviously I can't have you cover for me."

I glanced at my watch. "It's getting late anyway."

"Late? It's not even eleven."

"I guess I'm getting old. Either that or it's the fact that I've been up since five a.m." I cracked my knuckles.

Carly laughed again. She had a cute laugh.

"Is Colin still working?" Maddy wiped down the counter even though it didn't need to be cleaned.

Carly nodded. "Yeah. He's taking this whole only working when you work on the weekend's thing seriously, isn't he?"

"It's a nice compromise. Otherwise we don't get quality time together."

"Was Paris amazing?" Carly finally took a seat on the stool next to me. She'd been standing.

Maddy leaned over on her elbows. "I already told you it was great."

"I know, but we haven't talked without my brother."

"We had a really good time. It's definitely an adjustment to be back though."

"Yeah, you don't have room service anymore." I gave Carly a knowing look. "This girl can't cook for anything."

"So I've heard. But she can bake. Did you try one of her cookies?" Carly twirled a strand of her hair around her finger.

"No, I forgot about those." I'd been more concerned with who Maddy was with rather than what she was doing at the store.

"There's a whole container of them in the kitchen. I dropped them off this morning." Maddy leaned back against the counter again. And like magic her moment of relaxation was ruined as four people walked over.

She sighed and strode over to them. "Hey guys, can I help you?"

I turned to Carly. Maddy was busy, so I figured it was only polite to entertain her guest. "So, how long are you in town for?"

She sipped her drink. It was some sort of martini. "I'm not sure. As long as Colin lets me crash at his place I guess."

"So, for the whole summer?" That could be a fun change of pace.

"That's up to Colin. I don't think he's going to love me cramping his style with Maddy for that long though."

"It's not like she lives with him." Although she might as well have been.

"True, but that's the problem. He wants her to."

"And she wants to. I'm pretty sure she has commitment issues or something."

Carly laughed dryly. "They are nothing compared to Colin's work issues."

"He's been better about that though." I had to give the guy some credit. He understood having Maddy was worth changing his ways. She deserved to be treated like the queen she was, not a side item. Don't get me wrong, my feelings for Maddy were completely platonic, but she was my best friend for a reason. An awesome girl deserves a guy who realizes just how great she is.

"So I've heard." Carly took another long sip of her drink. The motion brought my attention to her pink glossy lips.

I decided to go out on a limb despite the fact that it would probably annoy Maddy. "Hey, why don't I give you my number in case you want to give Maddy and Colin some space sometime?" The line hadn't sounded quite that lame when I first thought of it.

"Space?" She eyed me skeptically.

"Yeah. We can hang out or something."

"Oh. Sure." She smiled. "Colin would love to get me out of his hair for a night. Just let me know when and where."

"Can I get your number? That might make it easier." I pulled out my phone.

"Sure." She read it off to me, and I dialed her.

"Thanks." She typed something on her phone. I hoped she was adding me as a contact. I knew things wouldn't go anywhere with Carly, especially since Maddy would probably get annoyed if they did, but it couldn't hurt to spend some time hanging out with a pretty girl. Especially one who wasn't a tourist.

"What are you thanking him for?" Maddy finally returned. The off season was definitely over. The crowds were back.

"For giving me his phone number." Carly gave Maddy this wide eyed look I couldn't read. I'm sure it was some sort of girl code.

I understood the look Maddy gave me loud and clear. It was tread carefully. "Oh did he?"

I pushed my empty glass toward Maddy. "On that note, I'm out of here." I touched Carly's shoulder gently. "Great seeing you again. Have a nice night." I winked at Maddy and left before she could respond.

I wasn't sure what I was getting myself into, but I had a good feeling about it. It was time for a change.

Chapter Three

Carly

"Now that Macon's gone you can tell me what's really going on with you." I'd found Maddy holding onto to the sink in the bathroom like it was a life line. I was pretty sure she'd just been sick. I'd held my tongue until Macon had disappeared from view.

She didn't reply at first. I set aside my drink. I wasn't having another because I had to drive home.

Maddy understood without me telling her. She was like that, always anticipating someone's needs. "Want a soda or something?"

"How about a water?"

"I think I can manage that." She filled a glass from a bottle of water and set it down in front of me.

"Don't think that getting me water gets you out of talking to me."

"No, but they do." She nodded toward a group of women heading over to the bar. They looked to be in their thirties. It was probably a girls-weekend group.

"Fine, but you're telling me eventually." I didn't know Maddy that well, but I knew her well enough to care. I also had a feeling whatever was up involved my brother. Considering he was the only member of the family I was on speaking terms with, I needed to do what I could to help.

"What can I get you?" Maddy snapped back into bartender mode, and I watched. Maybe she'd be able to get me a job at the Grille too. If I was really going to be staying around I'd need one. She hadn't said anything about me hanging out with Macon yet. I hoped that meant she didn't care. I wasn't dumb enough to let something actually happen between us, he had player written all over him, but hanging out could be fun. It had been awhile since I'd been out with a guy, and I'd never been out with one as gorgeous as Macon. Those blue eyes of his were hypnotizing.

"Hey, beautiful night isn't it?"

I turned to see a guy that looked to be in his late twenties sitting next to me. "Yeah. It's pretty."

"It's the kind of night where you just want to go for a walk and get lost on the beach."

"Yeah, I guess so." I swirled around the straw in my water.

He leaned in toward me. "So what do you say? Want to join me?"

Seriously? Like I was just going to walk off with a perfect stranger? "I'm going to pass, but thanks." I turned away and caught Maddy's eye.

By the time I turned back the stool was empty.

Maddy laughed. "Colin can stop worrying about you. You can handle men."

"So can you." I tugged down on my dress a little. I wasn't in the mood to attract any more attention. "I lost count of how many guys hit on you tonight."

She laughed. "What can I say? It's an art and part of the job."

"I need to learn from you. You have so much confidence. It's crazy."

"Only behind the bar. It's like I can handle anything back here."

"Do you think I could learn?"

"To bartend?" She wiped down the counter. "Yeah, of course."

"Maybe I'll take some lessons from you sometime."

"Sure, anytime." She turned away as another crowd walked up to bar. I definitely now understood how she could make so much in tips. The patio was packed.

I felt someone tug on my ponytail and knew exactly who it was. "Finally done with work?"

Colin took a seat in the stool vacated by creepy beach walk guy. "Yeah, I figured I'd check and see how you girls were doing."

"Maddy's pretty busy." I looked over to where she was balancing some glasses.

He watched her, his eyes following her every move. "She seems to like busy."

"Not like anyone else I know."

He laughed. "We do have a lot in common."

"She's kind of perfect for you."

"I'm glad you think so." He smiled as Maddy waved. She was busy serving customers, but no one could have missed the expression of excitement that crossed her face when she saw him.

"Is there a particular reason why?"

"I'll show you when I get the chance."

"Are you trying to be mysterious?"

"Maybe." He grinned before turning his eyes right back to Maddy.

"Hey!" Maddy practically skipped over. "Sorry it took me so long."

"That's okay. I'll just complain to your boss about the service." He grinned like a love-sick puppy. If it were over any other girl I probably would have gagged, but I could handle it with Maddy.

"Oh yeah? I wasn't aware you needed to be served."

Putting up with the love sick routine was one thing, but sexual innuendoes were another. "Don't answer that with me around."

They both laughed.

"I'm probably going to be stuck here really late tonight. I feel bad that you'll both be sitting here the whole time."

"Why?" Colin answered immediately. "What else would we be doing?"

"Something more fun than this." She gestured to the tiki bar.

"We're fine, but I wouldn't mind a Manhattan."

A small smile spread across her face, and I had a feeling I was missing an inside joke.

"Coming right up." Maddy set to work making his drink, peeking back at him over her shoulder a few times. Sometimes she appeared just as love sick as him, but other times she seemed to be holding back.

Maddy set the brown colored drink down in front of Colin before rushing off to help someone else. I picked it up and took a sip before he could.

"Ugh. You actually like this?"

He sipped it and smiled. "Yes. I take it it's not your drink?"

I laughed. "Not my drink? You sound like Maddy."

"I do, don't I?" He sat and sipped his drink for a while, but Maddy never even made it back over to us. "Want to run by the house with me really quick? We can drop off one of the cars and come back."

His suggestion surprised me. I kind of got the feeling he showed up at Maddy's work because he liked to make sure guys were keeping their distance. "Sure, I don't think she'll mind."

He walked around to the other side of the bar and got her attention. I couldn't hear the exchange, but I did notice the small kiss they shared when she leaned over the bar.

He joined me, and I rolled my eyes, pretending to find it offensive.

"Come on, I don't want to be gone for too long." He quickened his pace and headed for the entrance. Once outside I unlocked my car.

"See you at the house." My car was parked in a front spot, and his was around the side.

"See ya."

I made it back to Colin's place first, but he pulled in seconds later. I waited for him to unlock the door, and I followed him in.

"So what's going on? The suspense is killing me."

"Wait here." He took off up the stairs, and I waited impatiently. I had a feeling I knew what he wanted to show me, but I wouldn't believe it unless I saw it with my own eyes.

He came back down with a huge grin. "How'd I do?" He held out a black jewelry box. I took it from him and opened the lid.

"Oh my God, Colin. Look at the size of that rock!" I was holding a princess cut solitaire ring that had to be two carats or more.

"Do you think she'll like it? I went simple, because that seems like what she'd want."

"Simple? This isn't simple. It's huge."

"Yes...but a simple setting." He shifted nervously.

I needed to put him at ease. "I'm sure she'll love it, but you didn't consider getting her involved in the shopping? Some girls like to pick out their own ring."

A look of fear swept over him. "Really? I thought she'd want a surprise."

I put a hand on his arm. "I'm sure she'll love the surprise. I guess I'm just surprised you bought it already. Have you guys at least talked about marriage?"

"Not in those words exactly."

"Um, what does that mean?" I was getting nervous. Colin was the cool and collected one of the family. He never did anything without planning it down to the last detail. Somehow I doubted he had in this case.

"It means I haven't actually come out and said, 'hey, let's get married,' but I did ask her to move in with me and she knows I view this as a long term relationship."

"Colin," I groaned. "That does not mean you've discussed marriage."

"So you're saying I have to actually tell her I want to marry her before I ask her?"

"No. I'm just saying Maddy's like you. She thinks things out. She's scientific. Do you really want to spring a question on her without giving her time to warm up to it?"

"Warm up to it?" He grabbed the ring back and gave it one long look before closing the box. "I'm asking my girlfriend to marry me, not wash my car. It's a good thing."

"Of course it's a good thing." I didn't want to completely back pedal but I definitely needed to tread carefully. "How are you going to do it?"

"That's where I need you."

"You need me how?" I took a seat on the arm of the couch.

"To help me execute my plan, but that has to wait. I'm going up to see her parents and ask her dad's permission first."

"You're going the old fashioned route, huh?" I wasn't remotely surprised. Colin was that way. He liked to play by the rules.

"Yes. I know she doesn't talk to them often, but she cares about their opinion."

I nodded. "Yeah, I think it's a good idea." I shuddered at the thought of a guy asking my parents for permission, but I understood why he was doing it.

"I can't tell her I'm going though."

"Because it would ruin the surprise."

He started toward the stairs. "Exactly. I'm going to put this away, and then I'm going to head back to the Grille. Are you in?"

"I think I'll stay here. I'm exhausted. Maddy won't care, will she?"

He smiled. "Wow, you're going to sleep before me. Never thought I'd see that day."

I got up. "Tell Maddy good night for me."

"I will, but Carly?"

"Yeah?" I stopped halfway down the hall.

"Despite what I might say, I'm glad you're here. I've missed you."

I walked over and hugged him. "I knew you did."

Chapter Four

Macon

"What the hell is that?" My roommate, Brody, made a face as he watched me cook my dinner.

"It's food. What else could it be?"

"I'll make us something decent if you'll throw whatever that crap is out."

"Hey, I'm offended. My hamburger macaroni casserole is incredible."

"I'm sure it is." He pulled out some pots, and I knew that arguing was pointless. Brody loved cooking, and not the fried seafood dishes he threw together at the grille. He wanted to work at a French restaurant or something. He was all about the heavy sauces and stuff. I didn't mind. Neither Maddy nor I were good cooks. Maddy complained that Brody was going to make her gain weight, but I think she just did that to annoy him.

I put my food into a bowl and stuffed it into the fridge. Brody probably wouldn't be around to cook the next night.

"At least cover it," Brody complained. "The whole place is going to smell."

"I like the smell." I smirked and took a seat on the couch. Brody didn't want any help, and if he wanted my food covered he'd get out the plastic wrap himself.

I turned on the TV and started flipping through the channels. There had to be something. I settled on ESPN. I didn't care much about the baseball coverage, but at least it was something.

Before I could set down the remote, I heard a knock on the door. We weren't the type to get too many visitors, so I rushed to answer it. Maybe we'd get lucky and it would be a hot new neighbor to pass the time.

I pulled open the door. The visitor was hot, but not a new neighbor.

"Macon, hey." Carly looked up at me with her hazel eyes. Her hair was down, covering her shoulders that were left exposed by her red floral shirt. The shirt was kind of old fashioned looking, but it looked cute on her. She was also wearing a red skirt. She'd been in town over a week, but I'd only seen her a few times at the Grille.

"Hey. To what do we owe this honor?" I held open the door for her.

She walked in tentatively and glanced around. "Is Maddy here?"

"No. I saw her in passing this morning, but I assumed she was back over at your brother's place."

"Nope. I haven't seen her all day. I guess we kept missing each other." Carly meandered over to the kitchen. "Wow that smells amazing."

Brody stirred something in the largest of the pots. "Thanks. Have you eaten?"

"Not yet."

"Then stay. We have plenty." Brody was all about sharing his culinary creations. I didn't mind the company.

"Have you tried calling her?" Maddy never went anywhere without her cell phone.

"Yeah. It went to voicemail. I'm guessing she went somewhere and forgot it."

"Let me try." I pulled out my phone and found her on my favorite contacts list. Her phone rang and rang before going to voicemail.

Carly's forehead wrinkled. "She's still not answering?"

"I know a good trick." I texted her. Either let us know you're alive or I'm calling your parents.

Carly read it over my shoulder, giving me a whiff of her strawberry scent. It must have been her shampoo or something.

"Her parents? Not the cops?"

I pressed send. "This threat works better."

My phone rang immediately. "Hey. Sorry. I went out for a walk and forgot my phone and then I took a nap. What's going on?" Her voice sounded heavy with sleep.

"Brody's cooking. You should come home."

"Ok sure. I had a late lunch with Colin so I'm not really hungry, but I can always make room for Brody's food."

I turned to Carly. "She's coming over, and I'm sure she's terribly sorry for not calling you back."

"Is Carly there?" Maddy snapped at me through the phone.

"Yes. She came searching for you when you rudely didn't bother to pick up your phone." I was laying it on pretty thick, but Maddy would have done the same thing to me.

"Give me the phone."

I handed the phone over to Carly.

I'm not sure what they discussed, but Carly was smiling when she handed my phone back. "She's on her way over."

"Brody, plan on making enough for four." I walked over to the half wall separating the kitchen from the living area. The condo wasn't huge, but it was nice. My parents had bought it as an investment property, and after a few years it had definitely become home. I wasn't sure how much longer I was going to be able stay at the beach, but I could think of worse places to spend my twenties.

Brody pulled out a large cutting board. "I heard. I'm glad Maddy's coming."

At first I thought Brody had a thing for Maddy, but it wasn't like that at all. I don't think he'd ever had too many female friends, and he liked having her around. He also mentioned once that she reminded him of his brother's fiance. Maybe she made him think about home or something.

"It's going to be awhile though." Brody cut up some chicken.

"Okay." I sat back down on the couch. "Carly and I can wait." I touched the cushion next to me.

She sat down and carefully smoothed out her skirt. Carly was different from most girls I was used to. She was shy, but not in the usual won't make eye contact kind of way. It was more the way she handled herself. She was bubbly on the outside, but I got the feeling there was something altogether different underneath, like she was hiding something. It wasn't my place to pry, and I already worried enough about one girl who wasn't my girlfriend. I didn't need to add a second.

Carly sighed. "I need to find something to do."

"You're looking for a job?" I turned off the TV. I hated trying to make conversation with it on. I was too easily distracted.

"Yeah. I can't get an apartment or anything without one."

"True enough." I put a hand behind her on the couch. "Have you thought about applying at the Grille? I'm sure Maddy would put in a good word for you with Max."

"I would too." Brody stepped out of the kitchen. "And I know Max is always looking for extra help in the summer. Have you waitressed before?"

She sat up straighter. The result had her leaning more into my arm. "No... but I'm a fast learner."

"Just let me know if you want me to talk to him." Brody disappeared into the kitchen again.

"You could probably get something at the scuba shop if you want, running the register or something. It's not going to be nearly as many hours though." And it would also mean she'd be working with the asshole son of my boss. I regretted even suggesting it. She was exactly his type-innocent and young.

"Thanks." She smiled. "Nice to know I have so many connections."

I laughed, determined to keep things light. "Yeah, amazing connections at jobs that pay nothing and make no use of your diploma."

"Beggars can't be choosers. Besides, didn't all of you go to college?"

"Yeah, but we've accepted we're wasting away our lives." At least I was trying to accept it.

She crossed her legs. "I wouldn't call it wasting your life, just postponing the next stage."

"What do you mean? I can't fry fish at the Grille forever?" Brody's laugh carried over the sound of whatever it was he was sauteing. "By the way I'm almost done."

Carly turned toward the kitchen. "I guess that depends on how good of a chef you are."

Brody peeked over the half wall. "You'll find out soon."

"Great." She stood up. "Can I use your restroom real quick?"

"Sure, you remember where it is, right?" She'd spent the night at our place once after a game of cards went overtime.

She gave me a look of disbelief. "It hasn't been that long." She walked down the hall.

Brody leaned over the wall. "Be careful, man. She's Colin's sister."

"What? I was just talking to her."

"Yeah. Right." Brody didn't say anything else, but he didn't have to. I was interested in Carly, but hooking up with a girl I'd have to see all the time wasn't a good idea. I brushed off the thought. That didn't mean I couldn't enjoy the company.

Chapter Five

Carly

Maddy didn't arrive alone. Colin walked in right behind her. I checked my watch twice to make sure I wasn't imaging things. Colin was out of work on a weeknight at seven o'clock? Wonders never cease.

"What are you doing here?" I eyed Colin skeptically. "Was there a hurricane evacuation I was unaware of?"

"I could be asking you the same question. What are you doing here, Carly?"

"I came over looking for Maddy."

"Uh huh." He glanced at Macon and back at me. I got the distinct impression Maddy had mentioned the phone number exchange to him.

"And now I've found Maddy." I tried to ease the slight tension. Did he really care if I hung out with Maddy's roommates? I mean Maddy lived with these guys after all.

"I brought dessert." Maddy held up a tray covered in tin foil.

"You baked again?" Macon asked doubtfully.

"Yes. This time I made chocolate peanut butter cookie bars."

"It's better than oatmeal raisin." Macon took the tray from her and started toward the kitchen.

Maddy rested a hand on her hip. "Hey, those cookies were good."

Colin put an arm around her. "Yes they were, babe. He knows that." It was still weird seeing my brother in the boyfriend role.

I decided to ease the slight awkwardness that seemed to have followed Maddy and Colin in. "Is there anything I can do? Want me to set the table or something?"

"I'll help with that too." Maddy walked into the kitchen and handed me a pile of bowls. I got to work setting them out at their rectangular table while she folded napkins and set out the silverware. I had a brief flashback to college and setting the table for the "dinner parties" we liked to throw. We thought we were so cool and adult. I wondered how long I'd keep in touch with my college friends. My parents barely talked to theirs anymore. Then again, they barely talked to me.

"Macon, can you open the Bordeaux I have in the wine fridge?" Brody called over his shoulder.

"Wine fridge?" I looked around in surprise. "You guys have one?"

"Of course we do." Macon bent down to open the door to what was sure enough a wine fridge hidden in the corner of the small kitchen. "We're high class here."

I laughed. "Yeah, I can see that."

We all sat down around the table while Brody brought out his masterpiece. He served us all as he explained that he'd made a poulet basquaise. It was pretty much a French chicken, pepper, and tomato stew. I dug right in. It was delicious.

I took another bite. "Wow, you can really cook."

"Glad you think so." Brody leaned back in his chair. From his appearance I'd have never imagined he'd be the culinary type, but clearly looks can be deceiving.

I offered to clear the table, but Brody and Macon vetoed it. "Go relax, you're a guest here."

I shrugged and picked up my glass of wine. "If you say so." I took a long sip of the red wine. Smooth and a little tangy, it seemed to perfectly compliment the stew.

I settled down in the same spot on the couch where I'd sat before. I eyed the remote but decided against turning the TV back on. Brody had just made us a gourmet meal. It seemed rude to follow that up with TV. Also, I'm pretty hopeless when it comes to figuring out remotes. I would end up turning off the TV twice just to figure out how to turn on the cable box.

Instead I closed my eyes and thought about the mess my life had become. I sighed.

"Do you want to go for a walk?" I opened my eyes to see Macon standing right in front of me. "I ate way too much and need to get some physical movement."

I laughed. "You're the second guy to ask me that this week."

He cocked a smile. "And what did you tell the other guy?"

"No. I didn't even know him."

"But you know me... does that mean it's a yes?" He turned his head to the side slightly.

"Sure. Why not?" I glanced around but didn't see Colin. I'm sure he'd have an opinion on it, but it really didn't matter. Still, I needed to at least tell him I was leaving.

I found him in Maddy's room helping her pack up some more of her clothes. "Are you sure you don't want to just pack up the last of it tonight? You stay at my place every night, aren't you tired of having to come back and forth?"

I felt rude just standing there eavesdropping, so I interrupted. "I'm going out for a walk. I'll either see you here or back at the house."

Colin glanced up. "By yourself?"

"I'm going with Macon."

He gave me his big brother scowl. "Be careful with him. He's not the kind of guy you're used to."

"Because you're an expert on the guys I hang out with?" Colin hadn't met any of my college boyfriends. Admittedly, there were only two.

Maddy laughed. I think she enjoyed listening to our sibling banter. She had a brother too, but she never really talked about him.

Colin gave me one more long look. "Just be smart."

Macon joined me in the doorframe. "What do you think I'm going to do to her? Seduce her out of her panties on the beach?"

I could feel the blood rush to my face. The thought of Macon and losing my underwear was too much to handle standing in my brother's presence.

"Just shut up, Macon." Maddy shook her head. She and Macon sounded like brother and sister themselves sometimes.

"We'll be fine. Have a good night you two," Macon put a hand on my shoulder and turned me toward the door. I gladly let him lead me through the condo. After a quick goodbye and thank you to Brody we headed down the steps.

"Fun dinner, huh?" Macon's shoulder brushed against mine as we turned toward the beach. Their condo was on the ocean side of the island, and it was only steps from the sand. The nice thing about the Outer Banks is that the island is so narrow it's hard to get too far away from the water.

"Surprisingly, yes." I slipped off my sandals, enjoying the feel of the cool sand on my toes.

"Surprisingly?" Macon watched me the way you'd look at something you didn't understand. Either he thought I was confusing, or he really cared about my answer. I hoped it was the latter.

I gazed out at the water, giving myself a moment before answering. "Yeah. I'm used to dinners going badly."

"Oh really?" He kicked off his flip flops. "Care to expand on that comment?"

I kept my eyes fixed on the water. Telling Macon about what happened wasn't exactly high on my list. Then again, it would probably sound better if I told the story then if I waited for the inevitable visit from Kim. Her hatred for me knew no limit; she'd probably try to run off any friends I had.

"Ok. Maybe that wasn't fair of me. I'm asking you to divulge a private story without sharing one myself."

I turned back toward him. The setting sun gave his brown hair almost a glowing effect. "You're going to share a story with me?"

"Sure." He smiled. "You ready for it?"

"Yeah." I was definitely ready to learn more about Macon. I couldn't believe he was willing to share something personal with me.

He took both of my hands in his. "I wasn't always this cool."

"Uh, what?" I let out a small laugh.

"I know it's hard to believe, but I wasn't. Ask Maddy. I was kind of nerdy at one point in my life. And to be honest, I'm probably not even cool now. I'm weirder than you'd think."

"Good to know." I didn't make a move to pull my hands away. He had a strange sense of humor, but then again, so did I.

"I'm telling you this so you'll realize that you don't need to be intimidated about sharing anything with me. I can assure you that no matter what your story is, I've done something worse or even more embarrassing."

"I don't know why you're telling me what I already know."

He laughed. "Ok. Now that that's out of the way, are you ready to talk?"

"It depends. How much time do you have?"

He released my hands, as though suddenly realizing he was holding them. I missed the contact immediately but tried to hide it.

He unhooked his watch and shoved it into the pocket of his shorts. "Our time is limitless, my dear. We have all night."

I looked out at the water again. Why was he so curious? He barely knew me.

"So? Am I going to have to pull it out of you?"

"Pull it out of me? I'd like to see you try that."

"Oh yeah?" He got a twinkle in his eye that made me a little nervous.

I ignored the nerves. "Yeah."

"You're going to wish you hadn't said that." He put his hands around my waist and picked me up. My stomach dropped. What was he doing? Before I could think about it for long, I was met by the cool ocean water as he tossed me into the waves.

"Macon!" I shrieked once I recovered from the shock.

He laughed. "Now are you ready to talk?"

"You're insane!" I treaded water before trying to stand.

"Maybe, but can't say I didn't warn you."

"I'll talk if you join me." Two could play at his game. If I was going to be soaking wet and swimming in my clothes, then so was he.

"Fine." He pulled off his t-shirt and slipped out of his jeans. I tried not to enjoy the view too much, but it was impossible. His chiseled chest was just too hard to avoid staring at. I finally shook myself when I noticed we were no longer alone. Macon's actions attracted the attention of some tourists.

He smiled at the women. "Sorry ladies, shows over." With that he jumped in.

"That's not fair you know." I gave up on standing. The wind made it too cold to have any of my body out of the water. I wasn't looking forward to getting out.

"What isn't fair?"

"That you are just in your underwear. You won't have to walk around in wet clothes."

"You're more than welcome to take yours off," he said in a low seductive voice that had my chest tightening.

"Yeah, I'd prefer not to get arrested for indecent exposure."

"Excuses, excuses. Now where's that story you promised me?"

"I didn't promise you."

"Sure you did." He dove under, resurfacing closer to me. "You told me if I got in you'd tell me."

"Fine. Why not?"

"All right, I hope this is as good as the buildup."

"It's not." I looked up at the darkening sky. "The short version is my brother-in law came on to me. I told my sister and she took his side."

"What?" Macon swam over to me. "Your sister's husband tried to get with you and she didn't kick him to the curb?"

"He convinced her that I was the one trying to seduce him."

"And I'm guessing this all happened at a dinner?"

"It did. By dessert she was calling me a whore. She'd convinced herself that it wasn't just an attempt and that I'd actually slept with him." Just saying the words made me so angry I wanted to scream. I could feel tears welling, and I hoped I could play them off as ocean water.

"That really sucks." Macon's voice came from right next to my ear. He pulled me into a hug, while keeping us mostly in the water. "I'm hoping that since you're staying with your brother, he believes you."

"Yeah. Colin knows I'd never do something like that, he also knows my sister's husband can be a royal jerk."

"But your parents sided with her?"

"Of course. She's the perfect one after all."

"Listen, I can't say I've been in your situation, but I do know what it's like to disappoint people." He didn't let go of me and I was glad. The feeling of his warm body next to mine dulled the ache I felt thinking about how little my family thought of me.

"And how do you deal with it?"

"I say fuck them. The only one you need to impress is yourself."

"Do you really believe that, or are you just saying it?" The sun fully disappeared, leaving us in only the faintest of daylight.

"Most of the time I do."

I smiled. "Thanks. Most people aren't that honest."

"You can count on me being level with you."

"Macon?" I wrapped my arms around myself.

"Yeah?" he adjusted his hold on me, and his hand moved up under my soaking wet shirt.

"How am I getting out of this water? It's freezing."

"Wait here." He let go and ran off toward the beach. He looked up and down the shore. "Ok, take off your shirt."

"What?" I gasped.

"Just do it." He held out his t-shirt. "You were right about it being freezing, so could you maybe move faster?" I unbuttoned my shirt and took it off. I crossed my arms over my chest as soon as I was standing. Macon looked away, but he held the shirt out to me. I grabbed it and slipped it on as fast as humanly possible. "I'm sure we can find something of Maddy's for you to change into."

"I really hope my brother isn't still at your place."

Macon laughed dryly. "Me too."

Darkness set in as we made the short walk home. The night was silent except for some faint laughter coming from a house along the beach.

We both got lucky. The only one home was Brody when we walked in.

Brody took in our wet forms. Considering Macon was in his boxers, and I was wearing his t-shirt it probably didn't look good. "Uh, do I even want to know?"

Macon grinned. "We just went for a little swim."

I didn't stand around. I went right to Maddy's room and searched her now mostly empty drawers for something to wear. I settled on a pair of running shorts and a tank top. My bra was soaked through, and I needed something that could work without one. Satisfied I looked halfway presentable, I walked out into the main room.

Macon now fully dressed sat on the couch. "A little warmer?"

"Much." I held out his damp t-shirt. "Where do you want this?"

"Could you put it on the washer?" He gestured down the hall I'd just come from. I discovered the accordion doors that hid the washer and dryer, and I carefully placed the shirt on top of the washer. I found an empty grocery store bag to stow my wet clothes in until I got home.

I walked back out, picking up my purse where I left it on the side table.

"What's the rush?" Macon asked.

"It's late. I'm going home."

"Do you like scary movies?" He turned on the TV.

"Yeah. Definitely."

"There's a Friday the Thirteenth marathon on, you up for it?"

"Sure, maybe I'll stay for a little while." I took a seat next to him.

He put an arm behind me on the couch. "Usually I've been dating a girl awhile before I let her borrow my clothes. I guess it's okay that I made an exception with you since tonight wasn't an actual date."

"Do you generally date girls long enough for that to happen?" I needed to know if my player radar was right.

"I haven't had a girlfriend, per se, in a while if that's what you're asking."

"Gotcha." That's all I needed to know. If a guy didn't do girlfriends, I didn't do him. I was not the hook up kind of girl.

"Is there a particular guy whose clothes you borrow a lot?" He looked at me with that serious expression again.

"Is that your way of asking if I have a boyfriend?"

"Yes." He didn't break the eye contact.

"Don't you think that would have been important to ask before you decided to go swimming with me half naked?"

Brody laughed from somewhere behind us. "That implies Macon would have thought something out in advance."

"But to answer your question, no I don't have one. I haven't had one in a while."

"Okay. Perfect. We can both be single together. Now that Maddy's with your brother I've been in the market for a wing girl. I think I found mine."

My stomach sunk. Wing girl? He wanted me to be his wing girl? So much for him having interest in me. I forced a smile. "Sounds great."

"But before we worry about that, we need to find you a job. Oh, and I thought of a fantastic idea while you were getting changed."

"Did you?" Brody asked before I could respond.

"Colin and Maddy want to move in together, right?" Macon sounded way too excited about the comment.

"Yes."

"And you don't want to stay at your brother's house all summer."

"Not a chance." I had no idea where the conversation was heading.

"Why don't you take Maddy's room? She's paid up through the end of June, so that should give you some time to get on your feet. Besides, I'm practically charging her nothing, and I'll extend the same discount to you."

"What?" Brody and I asked in unison.

My first reaction was hell no, but why? Live practically rent free right on the beach? Make my brother insanely happy because I'd be pushing things in the right direction with his girlfriend? Both of those things sounded awesome. The only problem was could I handle living with two guys, especially if one of them made me warm just by standing in the same room? I ignored the last thought. "Sure, as long as Brody and Maddy are okay with it." I turned to look at Brody.

"Oh, yeah. That's totally fine." Brody seemed genuine with his answer, but it was hard to tell.

"I'm sure Maddy will be okay with it too." Macon put his feet up on the ottoman in front of us. "Now how about that Freddy marathon?"

Chapter Six

Macon

Brody held his tongue until Carly left around one a.m. Then he let me have it. The door had barely closed when he turned to me. "Do you think inviting Carly to live with us is the best idea?"

"Yes, actually I do. Maddy wants to move out and Carly wants to move in. It works perfectly."

"But you don't want to sleep with Maddy. You do want to sleep with Carly."

"Just because I want something doesn't mean I'm going to do it. Carly and I are friends. It's going to work out great." I leaned back against the couch. Sure, I hadn't really thought things out, but that's just kind of how I did things.

"Let me just get a preemptive 'I told you so' out of the way now."

"You really don't think I can control myself?"

Brody took a seat on the love seat. "You can control yourself, but you can't control the awkwardness that's going to come from it."

"She's cool. It's going to work."

"I hope so. I really don't want any drama."

"We've had drama with Maddy." I picked up a celebrity type magazine Maddy had left out and flipped through it. I had no idea how she read those things.

"No. Maddy's had drama, but she doesn't bring it home. If things with you and Carly get awkward then we'll really have drama."

"Well, it's too late now. I already offered her the place if Maddy agrees."

"You didn't think asking me beforehand was important?" He shook his head. He wasn't actually annoyed. He just wanted to give me a hard time about it.

"You're the one offering to help her get a job at the Grille."

"How is that even remotely the same?"

"You like her, admit it."

"I'm not into her, but I get the sense she really needs a job." Brody leaned his head back against the cushions.

"She also really needs a place to stay. She can't camp out at her brother's all summer." I felt for her. From what she told me, her family life pretty much sucked.

"Fine, I agree she could use the break. Besides, it's probably only for the summer."

I laughed. "That's what we said about Maddy."Of course this time I knew I might not even stay around past the summer, but I wasn't willing to worry about that yet.

"And a year later she's still here... but in her case that's a good thing. She's been a fun roommate. Maybe Carly will be that way too."

"I know she will. She's cool, trust me on this."

"Do I have any other choice?"

"Nope. You might as well start getting used to it."

***

The forecast was beautiful. Sunny skies, a slight breeze and calm ocean conditions. It was the perfect morning for diving. I took a glance at the books. I was scheduled to take a group of girls out for the last day of their certification course. They'd been an entertaining bunch so far. I knew more about swimsuit shopping then I ever wanted to know, but I didn't care. There was something awesome about introducing people to scuba diving and the underwater world. Maybe it was in my head, but it made me feel like I was making a difference.

"What do we have on the books today?"

I groaned. Caleb, the son of the shop owner rarely ventured in, but when he did he always managed to ruin my day. I generally like people, but not Caleb. He epitomized everything I hated in a person: entitled, rude, and disrespectful.

"Is anyone going to tell me, or do I have to do it myself?" Caleb acted like he owned the place, and technically he would soon, but not yet. I still had a few months to enjoy my job.

"Just one dive today. The last day of a certification," Anna Marie answered carefully. She specifically didn't mention the gender of the divers. I didn't know for sure, but I got the hunch that there was some history with them. When it came to history with Caleb it was never good.

"Oh yeah? Who's in the group?"

"A few girls right out of high school." She looked down.

"Oh. Awesome. I'll take them out then."

"That's okay. Macon's on it. He's been with them all week."

"Macon's going to be busy refilling tanks today." He shot me a shit eating grin. "Have fun with that."

So much for enjoying the perfect conditions. Caleb was so sleezy it made me sick. At twenty-eight he had no business hitting on eighteen-year-old girls, but he didn't care. Luckily there'd be a boat captain with them. So much for a good end of the week tip. Caleb would be pocketing that.

"You might as well enjoy the grunt work, Macon. You won't be diving for this company once I take over."

I resisted the urge to flip him the finger, and I headed toward the back of the shop. At least I was getting a cool new roommate.

Chapter Seven

Carly

"Absolutely not." Colin slammed his coffee mug on the granite counter top. I'd decided to confront him before he could leave for work. "Live with two guys? Are you crazy? Mom and Dad would kill you and me by association."

"They already want to kill me, so it's just you we'd have to worry about." I smiled. Colin could be so uptight sometimes. "Besides, you don't want me staying here all summer."

"I could help you find a summer sublet or something." I could practically see him going through his contacts in his head. If I'd agreed he would probably have had me a place by the end of the night.

"Which is what I'm doing. I'm not signing a twelve month lease or anything." We hadn't exactly agreed on lease terms, but Macon had made it sound very informal.

"Come on, Colin. It makes sense for all of us." Maddy gave me a reassuring smile. "I want to move in with you, but I can't leave Macon hanging. This way we all win."

I watched acceptance cross Colin's face. "Fine, but I'm going to have to have a talk with those guys first."

I groaned. "They aren't into me. I wouldn't worry."

"Oh, I'll worry, but that doesn't change anything."

I rolled my eyes. "The whole big brother protective thing is supposed to have worn off by now. I'm twenty-two."

"Why would it wear off?" He stopped pacing long enough to look at me. "It's just as present now."

Maddy laughed. "Macon and Brody are good guys. At least she'll be well protected."

"Fine, but how are you going to pay rent? Want me to get you something temporary at the office?"

Work at his real estate firm? No thanks. "Actually Brody is going to talk to Max for me."

"You want to work at the Grille?" Colin asked incredulously.

"Hey, watch it, Mister." Maddy scowled.

"What? I'm not saying it's a bad place to work, I'm just surprised Carly would want to work there."

"And you think I'd rather work at your office instead? At least I'd get to work with cool people at the Grille." I resisted the urge to stick my tongue out at him. That wouldn't exactly help my whole 'I'm not a little kid anymore' argument.

Colin sighed. "What kind of job are you applying for exactly? You don't have any waitressing experience."

I hadn't thought that far through the plan. Thankfully Maddy saved me. "I know Max needs more hostesses. Carly would do great at that. She's friendly."

Colin seemed to relax. "Hostess? Ok. I guess I can see that."

"Why don't you come in with me tonight and talk to Max?" Maddy suggested. "Unless you want to wait a while."

"Nope. I'd like to get the ball rolling." The sooner I got a job, the sooner I'd have money and could move in with the guys. I refused to be dependent on my brother for too long.

"I have an out of town meeting today, but I'll stop in to see you guys when I get back." He shot me a look, and I figured out exactly what the meeting was. He was going to see Maddy's parents. I hoped for his sake and mine that it went well. Clearly it was a bigger deal for him, but I really wanted Maddy as a sister-in-law.

"Okay." Maddy kissed him on the cheek. "I'm going to get ready for a run. Want to join me, Carly?"

I laughed. "Yeah... running, not exactly my thing."

"I run slow." She smiled, and I could tell she was really hoping for the company.

"How slow is slow?"

Colin chuckled. "I'm sure you'll survive, Carly. See you girls later." Colin picked up his black briefcase and headed to the door.

"So, are you in?" She started up the stairs.

"Sure. Let me get changed." It's not like I was completely out of shape, but I was more of an elliptical kind of girl. It had been awhile since I'd actually run any real distance. I figured it couldn't hurt to go with her. I could always turn around and walk home. I didn't want her to think I was completely lazy or anything.

I dug out some gym clothes and my tennis shoes.

Fifteen minutes later Maddy and I jogged down the back steps and out toward the beach. The sun was out, and the heat beating down on us was enough to make me reconsider my decision. "Remember that you promised to go slow."

Maddy smiled and kept to the jog. "Let me know if I get too fast for you."

"Don't worry, you'll notice when I fall back."

She glanced at me. "You don't look out of shape."

"I'm not exactly, but I don't do this often."

"Are you more a gym person then?" She picked up her pace slightly. I could tell she was trying to talk to me so I didn't notice.

"Usually."

"You should see if Macon will take you to his. He gets lots of buddy passes. I haven't bugged him to use one in a while."

"Oh, cool." If I was going to spend my time in a beach town I was probably going to have to make sure I kept working out. I didn't spend my life worrying about how I looked, but I think most girls have doubts when they put on a bikini.

A mile in I decided I was done for the time being. I could just picture Maddy calling Colin to visit me in the hospital for heat stroke. "I'll meet you back at the house."

"Ok, I'll see you in a little bit." She waved before continuing down the beach. If she minded that I was turning back, she didn't show it.

I sighed with relief and walked down to the water. The waves were gentle that morning, creating a slow and steady rhythm as they made contact with the sand. I closed my eyes, taking in the relaxing sound.

"Doing some morning meditation?" A very familiar and sexy voice asked.

My eyes flew open. "Hey, Macon."

"So? Were you meditating?" He stared at me with an intensity that unsettled me.

"Nope, just relaxing." I wasn't relaxed at the moment. He was shirtless and wearing only a pair of shorts and running shoes. I'd seen him in less when we were in the ocean, but it was hard to turn away.

"Cool. I'm just out for a run. Care to join me?"

"You too? What is it with you people and running?"

He laughed. "Uh, am I supposed to answer that?"

I shook my head. "No. I just went on a mini run with Maddy when she insisted. I'm just not the runner type."

He looked me up and down. "Whatever exercise routine you do is working."

I could feel the blood rushing to my face. "Thanks."

"So any news on the moving front?"

"I think it's a go. Maddy seems on board."

"Awesome. Let me know when you're ready. I can help you move your stuff if you want."

I redid my pony tail so my hair was further off my neck. "How much stuff do you think I have to move? I've only been at Colin's a few days."

He shrugged. "I had to offer."

"I'm going by the Grille tonight with Maddy to see if I can get a job." I'm not sure why I decided to tell Macon, maybe because it was his idea to start with.

"Good luck with that." He turned to leave. "Maybe I'll catch you there."

"Oh. Cool. Enjoy your run."

"Enjoy your meditating-or that's right, relaxing." He waved before running off.

"Thanks," I mumbled knowing he couldn't hear me. I watched his retreating figure. I needed to snap out of it. I wasn't allowed to crush on a roommate. He had made his feelings clear, and the last thing I needed was more drama in my life.

***

I double checked my outfit choice one more time. I figured you could never go wrong with a simple black skirt and blouse, but I didn't want to emphasize just how inexperienced I was when it came to job interviews. My resume was sadly short. One summer working at The Gap and tons of babysitting rounded it out. Unfortunately, work experience wasn't something I had a lot of.

I waited by the front door for Maddy. A minute later she walked down the stairs two at a time. She was dressed in a black skirt and black Surfside Grille t-shirt. "Sorry."

"That's fine, I haven't been waiting long."

"I assume you want to drive over." Maddy had finally gone home to get her car from her parents' house, but she sometimes still rode her bicycle to work. She was like that; she wanted to do things her way.

I smoothed out my skirt. "I don't think this outfit and a bike would work well together."

She laughed. "I realize that not everyone prefers riding a bicycle to driving a car."

She seemed to have mastered the art of biking in a skirt. I wasn't there.

"I'd be up for it once in a while, but not for an interview, or whatever this is."

"Relax." She gave me an understanding look. "Max is a sweetie. He's not going to grill you or anything." Maddy always talked fondly about her boss, but I didn't know him. I was usually good at staying calm, but I really wanted this job to work out.

In the end I drove, which was fine with me. Sometimes driving, even a short distance, helped me keep my mind off things. I needed the interview to go well. I was so close to buying myself an entire summer away from my family-away from Kim.

All too soon I pulled into the lot of the Grille. I drove around to one of the far spots where the employees usually parked. Maybe I was jumping the gun on that, but I wasn't going in as a customer. Besides, I drove Maddy in, and she worked there.

The restaurant was mostly empty. The Grille had a lunch crowd, but by four o'clock in the afternoon those diners had left. All that remained were a sprinkling of customers mostly just enjoying drinks.

I followed Maddy down past the restrooms to an employee only area. She knocked on the doorframe of an office. "Hey, Max."

A man probably in his fifties or so with slightly graying hair glanced up from his desk. "Hey, Maddy. Is this the friend you mentioned when you called earlier?" He smiled at me.

"Yeah, this is Carly."

Max stood up. I didn't know much about him other than he was supposed to be a really good boss. He held out his hand. "Max Bankwell, nice to meet you."

"Carly Morris." I accepted the handshake.

"I'm guessing she's related to your boyfriend then?" Max looked to Maddy.

She smiled. "She's his little sister."

He turned back to me. "How little? Are you twenty-one?"

"I'm twenty-two." For some reason twenty-two sounded so much older than twenty-one.

"Do you have any work experience?"

"Lots of babysitting and I worked at a store once."

He chuckled. "You want to hostess?"

"That's probably what I'd prefer." Really I would have taken anything, but greeting people and making sure I seated them right sounded like a good job for me.

"Great. When can you start?"

I blinked a few times. Was I imagining things or did the guy just offer me the job. "Excuse me?"

"When can you start?"

"Anytime..." I looked at Maddy. She just smiled.

"Are you free tonight?"

I nodded. "Yeah, I'm free."

"Ok. I'll get the paperwork together and then we'll get you started."

"Tonight?"

"Yes. I was going to have to put one of my waitresses on it tonight. Looks like I won't have to." He smiled. "Nice to have you on board, Carly." He looked at Maddy. "Want to find Carly some shirts before you get to work?"

"Sure," Maddy quickly agreed. "Mary used to be a hostess here, right? Maybe she can show Carly the ropes?"

"Great idea. Here." He shoved some papers in front of me. "You don't happen to have your social security card on you, do you?"

"Uh, I do." I'd brought it down with me just in case. I pulled it out and handed it to Max. He put it in one of those combination printer/copier things and handed it back to me. I looked down at the papers and quickly filled in my information. Everything was happening so fast. I handed over the forms.

"Welcome to the Surfside Grille family." He shook my hand again.

Maddy took my arm gently and led me to another room. "Here's the break room." She went into a closet. "Are you a small or medium?"

"It depends." I didn't want to be difficult, but it was all about how tight across the chest a shirt was.

"I don't see any mediums, so try the small." She tossed a black t-shirt at me.

I glanced around, and satisfied we were alone I pulled off my top and put on the t-shirt over my black bra. It fit snuggly, but I had a feeling it looked good.

"Colin's going to pass out if he sees you in that one. Want to try a large? It's going to be big though."

"No, I'd rather not look silly." I'd swim in a large.

She shrugged. "Well, you're not working for tips, but the male customers will be friendly with you."

"Oh, yeah. No tips."

"Don't worry, it's not like you have to stay as a hostess the whole summer."

"Okay. I'm just glad to have a job."

"Let's find Mary and get you started then."

"Thanks."

***

Mary was in her mid-twenties, and she had this giant smile that immediately put me at ease. So far everyone I'd met at work had been insanely nice to me, and I was just waiting for the other shoe to fall. There are always a few bad apples in the mix.

"I'll leave you in good hands." Maddy patted my shoulder before walking off. Mary showed me where everything was kept, and how to decide what sections to seat people in. The seating chart was pretty self-explanatory, and the entire training session took less than ten minutes. After showing me where they stored the crayons for the kids she took a seat on a stool.

"So you're Colin's little sister, huh?" Mary reached underneath the large table and pulled out some menus.

"That's one of my titles."

"He's a nice guy."

"I'm glad you think so. He's a cool brother."

She glanced over her shoulder. "So I'm dying to know, is he going to pop the question to Maddy soon?"

"Maybe." I smiled to myself. I guess everyone knew how much Colin loved her.

"I hope so. They make a great couple."

"I think so too."

"What about you?" She crossed her legs.

"Hmm?"

"Are you one half of a great couple too?"

"Not at all." I hadn't had a boyfriend in way too long.

"Are you scoping out your new roommates then? I just heard you're taking over Maddy's lease. They're both pretty adorable, aren't they?"

"I've obviously noticed they're attractive, but I'm going to be living with them, not sleeping with them." Of course the thought of sleeping with Macon got me excited, but I wasn't sharing that with anyone.

She gave me a knowing look. "I've seen the way Macon looks at you. I'm not so sure he feels the same way about you just being a roommate."

"I wouldn't read into it."

"If you say so." She smiled. "Okay, I've got to get ready for the dinner crowd. Good luck tonight!" She waved before heading off. Five minutes later the first diners began arriving.

The first few groups were easy enough to seat. They were mostly families with little kids looking to get dinner in before the kids went crazy for the night. I'd babysat enough to know that taking kids out anywhere late at night was hard. I was careful to give the same color and number of crayons to each kid in a family. The last thing the parents needed was a meltdown because one got red and the other didn't.

Miraculously I made it until eight o'clock without too much of a problem. I seated too many people in one waitress's section once, but aside from that slip up I was doing fine.

"Hey, how are you holding up?" Maddy stopped by the station with two bottles of water. She handed one to me and opened one for herself.

"I'm doing all right." I opened the top and took a long sip. I hadn't realized how thirsty I was. "Thanks."

"Not a problem. I figured if you were anything like me you'd need one."

I smiled. "Then I guess we're alike."

"It's getting later, so just know the clientele is going to change, and it's going to get wilder."

"Wilder as in...?"

"As in this is when you may want the large shirt." She patted my shoulder before heading over to the bar. She'd been working the outdoor bar a lot lately, but I had a feeling she'd particularly requested the inside one so she could stay close by. I appreciated it, but I wasn't going to call her out on it either. If she wasn't making a big deal, neither would I.

Chapter Eight

Macon

I usually didn't pay much attention to the hostess when I walked into the Grille. I just waved at whoever was working before making my way over to the inside bar first to look for Maddy. I nearly did a double take when I saw Carly standing there with her brown hair cascading down the back of that oh-so-tight black t-shirt.

"Hey." I didn't have the brain power to come up with a more clever opening line. I was using every ounce of it to force myself to look at her eyes. There was no sure fire way to piss off a girl more than to get caught staring at her chest.

"Hi, you made it." Her voice was playful, and I took it as a good sign that her evening was going well.

"It looks that way. Max got you working already?"

"Yeah, he hired me on the spot. I'm special, huh?" She ran her teeth over her lower lip. It was a sexy action that had me thinking inappropriate thoughts again.

"Oh, you're special all right." I laughed. Teasing Carly wasn't the same as teasing Maddy; we didn't have the same sort of history, but I liked it for different reasons.

"I'm guessing you're just going over to see Maddy at the bar and don't need me to seat you."

"Yeah, but I'll miss out on your mad escorting skills." Damn. That came out all wrong. "And by that you know I mean escorting me to a seat."

She blushed a little. It was cute on her freckled cheeks. "You mean you weren't referring to my call-girl skills?" She said it completely dead pan.

"You never know what they're teaching in college these days."

"How long ago did you graduate? Two years?"

"Two years is a long time." I put a hand on the hostess stand. "Good luck, and keep those escorting skills clean for me tonight. You're going to be my roommate you know, you need to stay on the up and up."

"Yeah, yeah. I'll try." She laughed, and I made my way over to the bar. Maddy was busy making some frozen drinks so she didn't come over for a few minutes. I watched Carly talking to a few people while I waited. Finally she walked over.

"How's she doing?" Maddy didn't bother with a normal greeting. I didn't mind at all. I knew her enough to expect it. She was really protective of the people she cared about. She was protective of me when I let her be.

"She seems to be doing fine." I glanced in Carly's general direction, but my view was blocked by a large group of guys. I tried to ignore my annoyance at that.

"What? Why are you making that face?" Maddy watched me warily before placing a beer down in front of me. She was eerily good at knowing what I was in the mood for.

"It's just a group of losers by the hostess stand."

Two guys walked over to the bar.

"Can you check on her?" Maddy was already turning toward the customers. "I would, but I can't."

"Sure." I was looking for an excuse anyway. I headed back to the front.

"You sure you can't sit with us?" One of the assholes with a Carolina Panthers t-shirt asked. They weren't much older than me, but they shouldn't have been harassing her. I hadn't noticed them earlier, so I figured they must have been on their way in.

"No. Sorry." She seemed calm on the surface, but her face was tight. They were stressing her out.

"Maybe later then," the same guy suggested before winking at her and walking away. The rest of the guys laughed and headed straight out the back door.

"Can I help you?" Carly crossed her arms, making the tight fabric of her t-shirt even tighter. My body reacted in a way I didn't want it to.

"Just saying hello."

"So you weren't checking on me?"

I feigned innocence. "Me? Check on you? Why would I do such a thing?"

"Oh, you're just bored?"

"Maybe a little." Technically I was bored.

"Macon!" I turned as a blonde I'd met at a bar the other night called my name. She was with the same crowd as last time, all girls in their early twenties.

"Hey." My mind blanked on her name, I'd have to cover it well. I hadn't taken the girl home or anything, I'm not a jackass.

"We're going outside to get drinks, you should come." She tugged on my arm.

"Go ahead. I mean you weren't here for a reason anyway." Carly's voice had a slight edge to it, but I ignored it. What did she care if I hung out with a bunch of tourist girls?

"Ok, see ya. We'll catch up later." I let the blonde tow me along.

Maddy shot me a look as we passed the bar. She always gave me a hard time for the way I was with girls, but a little flirting never hurt anyone. Besides, I was already at the Grille and both she and Carly were working. What else was I going to do?

"Who was that girl?" The blonde asked as soon as we were seated at a table.

"My friend, Carly."

"Carly?" A brunette asked. "Isn't that a ditsy name?"

"What's your name?" I hoped she'd say something good like Cookie, but I knew it was going be something typical.

"Sally."

"Great."

"Do you remember my name?" The blonde ran a finger over my hand. I hate overly touchy feely girls.

I inched my hand away. "I can't say that I do, sorry." When pushed against the wall, honesty is usually best. Besides, after her friend's comment about Carly's name, I wasn't interested in hanging out with them for long.

"It's Emma."

"Okay, great." I sipped my beer trying to come up with a good excuse to go back inside. If I'd been willing to leave it would have been easy, but I wanted to stay until closing. Carly needed to celebrate her first night of work, and those guys were still around. I wanted to make sure they didn't bug her again.

"Do you live around here?" Emma asked.

"Not too far." If she thought there was a chance in hell she was going to find out just how close it was, she was crazy.

"Oh, cool. We're staying at the Sanderling."

"Nice. I've been to the bar there."

"Yeah, we hung out there last night. We met some cool guys."

Was she trying to get me jealous or something. I smiled. This could be fun. "Oh yeah? Think I'd like any of them?"

"What?" Emma and Sally said in unison. "You're into guys?"

"No, but I can't figure out why else you'd be telling me about them."

By this point the rest of their group was listening in.

Emma smiled and leaned in. "I'm just letting you know, I get a lot of interest from men."

"So I'm supposed to find the fact that you hook-up with a lot of guys appealing?"

She turned bright red. "I don't hook up with them, they just flirt with me."

"So what you're saying is you're a tease and you're wasting my time?" I struggled to hold in a laugh. The expression on the girl's face was too much. I had to stop while I was ahead. "Listen, that was rude. I've got to go. Nice seeing you again."

"What? You're leaving?"

"Yeah, I have some friends to talk to."

"You mean Carly?" She said the name with distaste.

"She's one of them." I smiled at the rest of the girls. "Have a good evening, ladies."

I laughed on my way back inside knowing they'd find some other guys to occupy their time. Maybe they could talk to that group of idiots that were bothering Carly earlier.

All the stools at the bar were taken, so I decided to check on Carly again. She was busy seating a group.

"She's a pretty girl, huh?" Max surprised me.

I turned to look at him. I was in the Grille so much that sometimes he felt like my boss too. "Yeah, she's pretty."

"But, she's your friend's sister. Remember that."

"Why does everyone think I need the reminder? Besides, Colin's not my friend."

"He's dating your best friend. You might as well consider him a friend too." He patted my shoulder. "And we're reminding you because of that look on your face. I haven't seen you with it before."

"I just like her. Colin's taking up more of Maddy's time now, and I think a guy needs female friends."

"But she isn't Maddy. She's not like your sister, and if you kiss her it's not going to feel that way."

"How'd you know about Maddy and I kissing?" Had she told him about our drunken kiss from years earlier?

He laughed. "I didn't know you two actually had. I was just assuming it would be the case. There's no chemistry between you and Maddy, but I saw you and Carly earlier. There's something there."

"What?" I forced myself to keep looking at Max instead of back at Carly. "You're a relationship expert now?"

"I run a bar, and I bartended for years. I know people." He turned to leave. "Just be smart about this, Macon. A man doesn't meet a girl he connects with that way every day."

I shrugged off his words and went to talk to Carly. So what if I found her attractive? I'd already promised Brody I wouldn't mess around, and Colin would go through the roof. I'd just have to keep things platonic. It couldn't be that hard.

Chapter Nine

Carly

I slept in until ten o'clock the morning after my first day of work. My feet hurt, and I was so tired I didn't think I'd ever want to get out of bed. I'd worked until closing, and then ended up hanging out with everyone afterward. Colin was already sleeping by the time we got home, he'd never made it by the Grille, so I didn't get a chance to ask him about the visit to see Maddy's parents. I really hoped it went well.

I knew he was already long gone when I made it downstairs, and I wasn't sure when Maddy would get up, so I changed into a bikini and headed out to the deck to lay out. Colin's house had a gorgeous view of the ocean. I settled down on a lounge chair and got ready to soak up some sun.

I must have fallen asleep, because when I woke up Maddy was sitting in the chair next to me.

I rubbed my eyes, trying to get used to the bright sun. "Hey, I didn't know you were up."

"I didn't know you were asleep." She laughed before leaning back in the chair. "I was thinking about getting the rest of my stuff from my old room today. That way I can surprise Colin and you can get ready to move in whenever you want."

"That's a great idea. Want me to come help?" I needed something to do anyway. I couldn't just laze around the house all day.

"I don't have much more to get, but I'd appreciate the company." She stood up. "Do you want to get changed first?"

"Oh, I might just keep this on." I slipped a beach cover up on over my bikini. "I was thinking about heading down to the ocean later."

"You know what, I might change too. That sounds like fun." She headed toward the door. "Oh, and do you want to bring over anything with you? It might save you a trip."

"Good idea." I collected my towel and followed her in through the French doors.

I grabbed one of my large suitcases that I still hadn't opened. I wasn't exactly sure when I was going to officially move in, but it couldn't hurt to start moving something over.

I wheeled my suitcase out the front door and down the stairs before resting it on the ground next to Maddy's car. Her car was blocking mine in, so taking hers was the easiest option. When Maddy didn't come out right away, I leaned back against her trunk.

"Hey, sorry." Maddy met me at the car a few minutes later. She looked slightly pale.

"You okay?"

"Yeah, I'm just still a little under the weather I guess." She popped the trunk and I tossed my suitcase in.

"Okay." I decided not to press further. It wasn't exactly my place.

She unlocked the doors, and we got in. "I can't believe I'm doing this."

I tried to read between the lines of her words. "Moving in with Colin officially?"

"Yeah. We lived together in Paris, and I've spent practically every night at his house, but this feels different." She pulled out of the driveway.

"A good different?" Please be a good different, I said over and over to myself. I glanced at my phone. The first chance I had I was texting Colin. I needed to know how the visit went.

"A very good different. I just never pictured myself as the girl who moved in with a guy like this before marriage."

"Really?" Maddy didn't strike me as the most traditional girl.

"Yeah. I don't know. It just wasn't the way I envisioned things."

"Life's full of surprises like that." I tried to keep my cool, but I was dying to talk to Colin. If she was talking that way, it meant she'd want the proposal. She wanted to get married. I was practically bursting at the seam.

She glanced over at me as she slowed to let some pedestrians J-walk. Maddy was too nice that way. "You okay?"

"Yeah, I'm fine." I wasn't very good at hiding things from people. Colin just needed to propose so everything was out in the open.

"I'm glad you're here." Her words seemed like they came out of nowhere, but I appreciated them. It was nice to be wanted somewhere. Before long we pulled into the lot of the condo.

I moved to pull my bag out of the trunk, but Maddy stopped me. "Macon or Brody can get it. Those stairs are steeper when you're lugging something up with you."

"Oh. I can handle it." I was okay making my brother do the lifting for me, but otherwise I wasn't into guys helping me with everything.

"If you're sure." She locked her car and headed toward the stairs. I followed behind. Half a flight up I regretted the decision to lug my suitcase myself. The sweltering heat and the way the wheels managed to get wedged in the gap of each stair made the process feel endless.

"Here, let me help." Maddy reached for it.

"Nope. It's my bag." I stubbornly refused her assistance.

She shrugged and took off up the rest of the stairs. Before I made it three steps more the bag was pulled from my hand.

"Next time just ask me to get it from downstairs."

"I can handle my own bag, Brody." I didn't know Brody well yet, but he seemed like such a nice guy. I couldn't understand how a guy like that was single. Tall, attractive, sweet, and he could cook? He'd be lots of girls' dream. He wasn't the star of my dreams though. That position belonged to Macon as of late. Having those thoughts about your new roommate probably wasn't a good thing.

"If you don't mind, I'll take it from here." He easily carried the bag up the final flight. I let out a silent sigh of relief. Hopefully I'd regain the feeling in my arm eventually.

Maddy was already in her room, or I guess it was my room now, when we walked in. I didn't hear Macon, so I assumed he was at work or something.

She emptied out the last drawer and picked up a few odds and ends from around the room. "I think that's it. I've moved the rest over already."

"This whole trip was for that?" I could have brought her the bag anytime.

"Yeah, I needed to just do it. I feel like I've been dragging my feet this whole time." She sat down on the bed. She'd striped off the sheets already, and both clean sets sat in a neat pile on the dresser. I guess she didn't need extra twin sheets.

"Can I be nosy for a second?" I sat down next to her. The mattress felt firm which boded well for some good nights of sleep.

"Sure, I already know what you're going to ask."

"You do?"

"You want to know why I've been so reluctant to move in fully with Colin."

I folded my hands in my lap. "That pretty much sums it up."

"I guess I was scared. Sometimes I can't believe it's possible to feel as strongly about him as I do."

"But that's a good thing, right? I mean isn't it great to feel that way?" I wouldn't know. I'd never been in love before. At least not the kind of 'I want to spend my life with someone' love.

"It is, but it's also terrifying. It's like suddenly my decisions, and the things I want aren't just mine." She looked away for a second. "I'm afraid of letting him down." She whispered the last words.

"Letting him down?" I turned toward her. "How would you do that?"

"I don't know."

"Is this about your parents? About not getting into med school?"

Maddy had ended up in Corolla after getting rejected from med school. I didn't know all the details, but from what I gathered, I wasn't the only one who used a summer in the Outer Banks as a post-graduation escape.

"Maybe. I feel like I'm all over the place lately."

"Yeah, I know the feeling." I put an arm around her. "He's so in love with you it's crazy."

She smiled. "I know. I feel the same way."

"Then finish getting packed."

"Are you trying to kick me out?" She wiped her eyes.

"Possibly."

"In that case, I guess I should go." She stood up.

"I'm coming with you." I hopped off the bed.

"Why? What are you afraid of? Didn't you bring half your stuff with you?"

I laughed. "I figured I should probably tell Colin before I officially move."

"Why? He's your brother, not your parent. You're an adult anyhow."

"You don't think he'd care if I didn't come back tonight?"

She played with a loose string on her cover up. "I never said he wouldn't care, just that it's not his decision."

"What about the rest of my stuff? And my car?"

"It's up to you, but we can definitely bring everything by. Just give me the keys."

I tried to get a read. Did she want to get me out of the house? That just didn't feel like Maddy. Maybe she didn't want me to chicken out or something. Either way, staying made the most sense. "Ok, you'll have Colin bring my car and stuff over later?"

"Absolutely. You know he's going to want to come check on you anyway."

"Okay, good luck."

She laughed. "Shouldn't I be saying that to you?"

"Any last minute advice you have about living with these guys?" I lowered my voice hoping Brody wouldn't over hear.

"Don't sleep with them," she said completely seriously.

"What?" I'm sure my mouth was hanging open.

"You heard me." She grinned before heading to the door.

"You don't know that from experience...." I really doubted it.

"The only experience I'm speaking from is living with them. They can be annoying and full of themselves as is. If you get in their beds it will probably just be worse."

"Colin would freak if he heard you say that."

"I guess it's a good thing he didn't then." She laughed again. "I'll call you before we come over later. Enjoy the new place."

"I think I will."

"I know you will." She disappeared through the doorway.

I braced my hands behind me on the bed. What had I gotten myself into?

Chapter Ten

Macon

I pushed open the door to Maddy's room, ready to give her a hard time for listening to electronic-pop music. It wasn't her usual taste. "Hey, Maddy, what are you-" I stopped mid-sentence.

"Hey." Carly gripped a towel tightly around her.

"Oh." I forced myself to turn away despite the pleasant view of seeing her in just that blue cotton towel. Her skin was slightly red from the hot shower she must have just taken.

"Yeah... could you give me a second?" Her cheeks were red, but otherwise she seemed unconcerned with my entrance. That probably meant she was really embarrassed. She was trying hard to hold it together.

"Oh, sure." I backed out of the room awkwardly. "Sorry."

"It's okay."

I closed the door securely behind me and walked back to the main room. I made the mental note to start knocking on that door. It wasn't Maddy, my friend who could care less if I saw her in a towel. It was Carly, the gorgeous girl who also happened to be Colin's little sister. If I didn't watch myself she'd think I'd invited her to live with us for other reasons. I hadn't, and I needed to make up for my little invasion of her privacy.

I waited until I heard the door open before I even walked toward her room. I practically walked into her. "Oh, hey."

"Hey. Sorry. I'm not normally in a towel in the middle of the day."

"You don't have to explain. You're more than welcome to hang out in a towel all the time." Wow, that came off creepy. "I just mean you can do whatever."

"I went down to the beach and wanted to clean up."

"Oh, cool. How was it?"

"Nice. I still can't believe I get to spend the whole summer living on the beach."

"The novelty will wear off eventually." I was thinking the same thing about my own thoughts, but mine weren't about the beach. They were about the image of Carly in a towel that I just couldn't shake. Or really I couldn't shake the thought of what she looked like under the towel.

"I doubt it." She stepped to the side, and I let her pass, following her toward the living room.

"I didn't know you were moving in today. I was supposed to help you, remember?"

"Yeah, it's fine. I only brought one bag over and Brody helped me."

Brody. I shouldn't have felt the wave of jealousy, but I did. I really needed to get myself in line. "I didn't see your car outside."

"It's at Colin's. Maddy's supposed to drop it by with him tonight. They'll bring the rest of my stuff too."

"Why don't we go get it? Save Maddy and Colin the trip?"

"Oh, thanks." She ran a hand through her wet hair. "Should we go now?"

"Sure, unless you have other plans."

"Other plans in a town where I know no one."

"You know people."

"Yes, I know four." She walked back to her room and returned with a purse.

I held open the door. "In case math isn't your strong point, four is more than none."

She laughed and followed me out. "Really? I had no idea."

"It's actually a pretty simple concept." I started down the stairs, and she followed.

Her flip flops made little slapping sounds on each step. "I guess if I want to be stealthy I should wear different shoes."

"It might be advisable," I teased as I held open the door to my Accord. She seemed surprised by the gesture before sliding into the seat.

I pulled out of the lot once she buckled her seatbelt. "Were you serious about the no plans thing?"

She tore her eyes away from her window. "Yeah. What would I be doing?"

"I don't know. Going out on the town."

"By myself? No thanks."

"Yeah, that's probably not advisable for a girl."

"I don't like how sexist that comment is, but it's probably true."

I laughed. "Honest. I like it."

"What other way is there to be?"

"How are you doing?" I hadn't brought up the whole thing with her sister again, because I didn't want to upset her, but she almost seemed more distant. I hoped it hadn't gotten worse.

"I'm fine. Excited to finish moving."

"You don't like living with Colin, do you?"

"It's not that. I just feel guilty. He's been so helpful and supportive, I don't want to overstay my welcome, you know?"

"I definitely do."

"But maybe I'm going to do that to you guys too. I hope you offered me the spot because you actually wanted to."

I decided to end her doubts immediately. "We wanted you to move in. You're cool. It's going to work out."

"I hope so."

"I know so." I reached over to touch her leg to comfort her, but at the last minute I thought better of it, and instead I put a hand behind her seat. If it had been Maddy she'd have thought nothing of it, and let's face it, neither would I. But Carly was different. She was wearing a short sundress that showed off just enough of her legs to mess with me. Why did I have to feel so comfortable and at ease with her? That comfort would get me in trouble if I wasn't careful.

"You're pretty confident, aren't you?" She watched me carefully.

I continued down the one main road that cut across the island. "Usually." She'd have to get to know me really well to see any other side.

She laughed this kind of high pitched laugh. Normally I'd have thought it was fake, but I sensed it wasn't. We rode the rest of the way in silence.

I pulled into the driveway.

She unbuckled her seatbelt. "I have to pack up a few things, so don't worry about waiting."

"You sure?" I'd planned to help her.

"I might need your help on the other side though."

"Just give me a call when you park."

"Awesome." She reached to open her door. "Thanks for the ride."

"Anytime." I smiled. "I'm glad you're moving in."

"Me too." She hopped out and closed the door.

I waved before pulling out of Colin's driveway.

Before I'd made it halfway home Ralph called. "Hey, what's up?" I answered. He only called for two reasons, to ask me to cover him at work or to tell me about a party. I was banking on it being the latter.

"There's a party at Sean's tonight. You in?"

"Sure." I needed to get out. "I'll see you there." I hung up. Maybe I'd invite Carly to come with me.

Chapter Eleven

Carly

"Hey, Maddy!" I called up the stairwell when I walked in. Her car was parked in the driveway so I assumed she was home.

She didn't answer, so I decided to finish packing. I'd just finished putting away the last of my clothes when I got a text from Colin.

Sorry I didn't reply earlier. Crazy day. Went well. I have a plan. I'll fill you in later.

Awesome! It was fun being in on Colin's secret. It was the first hint at what our grown-up relationship would be. My brother was the only rock in my life, and I really hoped he wouldn't push me away too.

He texted me again. In case I need to spell it out, don't tell her. I really want her to be surprised.

I'm not dumb.

That's questionable, but good. Talk soon.

Sure, but I'm moving today

Today?

Yeah...

Ok, if you need help let me know.

K. Thanks.

I pocketed my phone and walked out to the kitchen. "Maddy?" I called again. I needed my keys if I was going anywhere. Still no answer. I decided to check outside. Sure enough she was sitting out on the deck.

"Hey."

"Hey." Her voice was so soft I barely heard her.

I slumped down in the chair next to hers. "How're you doing?"

"I'm not sure."

"That doesn't sound particularly good." I looked her over. She looked a little pale again. "What's going on?"

"Life never works out the way you plan."

"Ok... so what's going on?" She was moving in with Colin. This was supposed to be a really good day.

"Have you ever found out something good but realized someone else would think it's really bad?"

"Uh... maybe." I hadn't experienced the exact concern, but I was pretty much an expert on worrying about what someone would think. I wasn't sure where she was going with this conversation though.

"That's how I feel right now."

"Care to elaborate?" I leaned back into the slightly uncomfortable chair.

"Yes, but no."

"You have to be the most confusing person ever today. Just tell me what's up." I didn't want to be pushy, but I had the distinct impression that the person who would find the news bad was my brother.

She turned to me. "If I told you something, would you swear to keep it between us?"

"In other words, I can't tell Colin?"

"Yes."

I thought about it. I wouldn't want to hide something from Colin, but if I wanted to help him, I needed to know what was going on.

"I promise. Whatever it is stays between us."

She pursed her lips and looked back out at the water. "Do you think your brother wants kids?"

What? What kind of secret was that? "I think so but it's not like we've discussed it a lot."

"But what's your gut feeling?" She turned to me. "Would he be excited at the idea, or upset, or-"

"You're pregnant." The words flew out of my mouth.

She nodded. "I finally picked up a test after I dropped you off."

"Wow. Congrats."

"You didn't answer me." She tensed up. "How would he react?"

"He'd be surprised, but then he'd probably get excited. He'd want to get married right away."

"That's what I was afraid of."

"Huh? You didn't want him to be happy?" Either Maddy was losing her mind or the pregnancy hormones were already kicking in.

"I want him to be, but I don't want him to marry me because of it. That's not a good way to start a marriage."

"Why would you think that's the only reason he'd marry you? I just meant he'd want to do it sooner."

"It's the same thing. I don't want him being pushed faster than he'd want."

Seriously? Had Colin just made me promise not to tell Maddy? "He loves you."

"And I love him."

"So when are you going to tell him?"

"I'm not sure."

"So you're going to hide it?" I tried to keep my anger down, but it was my brother and his unborn child we were talking about.

"Just for a few more weeks. I can't even see a doctor until next month because I'm not far enough along. Why get him all worked up for nothing?"

"He should still know..."

"And I'll tell him, when I'm ready."

"And you don't know when that will be?"

"Soon. I don't like keeping things from him, but I need to figure out what I want first."

"You're keeping the baby." I sensed that wasn't the decision she was trying to make.

"Of course." She crossed her arms over her chest. "Of course. That's not the question."

"Then what is it? It can't be whether Colin gets to be part of it?"

"Carly, calm down. I just moved in with your brother. Do you really think I would have done that if I planned to run off with his child?"

She had a point. "I'm sorry."

"I'm sorry you'd even think that about me." She sighed. "Maybe I should just tell him. Get it out there."

"Secrets never help anything, but then again telling the truth can suck too." I learned that the hard way with my sister.

"I'm sorry... I know what happened with your brother-in law."

"Just stop. Let's stop this negative talk. This is good, You're going to be a mom. I'm going to be an aunt."

She laughed. "It is cool... but also terrifying."

"Well you know I'm here if you need me at all."

"I know, and I appreciate it."

"Are you going to tell your parents?" I probably shouldn't have moved stuff back to a less than easy topic, but I was curious.

"Not until I tell Colin. I need his support."

She looked out at the water. "You've changed my mind."

"Hmm?"

"I'm not going to wait to tell him, I'm telling him tonight."

"And how did I change it?"

"You brought up my parents. Nothing will be scarier than that."

I laughed. "Glad I could help. Will you tell me how he reacts?"

"Won't he tell you?"

I thought about it. "Eventually."

She sighed again. "I've never been this nervous about telling someone something before."

"He'll handle it well." I really hoped he did. I also hoped he didn't just propose on the spot... but then again he had the ring. That's when I came up with a crazy idea that might make everything work. "Don't tell him tonight."

"What? You're the one who told me I shouldn't keep it from him."

"Just wait a little while. Enjoy your first few nights officially living together."

"It's not like this is my first night staying here or anything."

"Just give yourself a few nights to enjoy it." Whatever Colin had planned he needed to work fast, which meant I needed to talk to him without revealing her secret. It wasn't going to be easy, but I was determined to make it work.

"I guess that will give me the chance to figure out how to tell him. I feel like it's hard to just say 'I'm pregnant' with no lead up."

"But you also don't seem like the type to go all cutesy with little hints."

She leaned back. "Not exactly."

"You're going to be such a great mom. I'm so happy for you."

"Thanks. I'm trying to stay calm and excited, but it's still so early."

"I understand completely."

We talked for a little while longer before I went inside to pack the rest of my stuff. After a quick goodbye I headed back over to the condo.

I tried Colin twice on my way back over. He didn't pick up either time, so I gave up. I didn't bother with a message. He'd notice the missed calls. I parked in the spot Maddy had used earlier and called Macon. If he'd given me his number, I might as well use it.

"Well, hello there." Everything the guy said sounded flirtatious.

"Is that offer to lug my bags still on the table?" I unbuckled and got out.

"Better than that. You get two capable helpers."

I popped the trunk and watched Macon and Brody running down. Was I really going to be living with two guys that looked like that? I'd already gotten the embarrassing towel only incident over with, so hopefully things would be smooth sailing from then on.

"Welcome back, roomie." Brody grinned. His smile put me at ease. I couldn't tell how excited he really was to have me as a new roommate. At least on the surface he seemed all right with it.

"Thanks." I stood back while they pulled out the rest of my bags. I grabbed my backpack and purse myself and locked the car.

Thirty minutes later I was all unpacked. Macon knocked on the doorframe. "Feel like going to a party tonight?"

"Whose party?"

He sat down on the edge of my bed. I was using the same comforter as Maddy so on the surface my room probably didn't look very different. "Does it matter? Aren't you the one who knows no one?"

"Well, four people. You corrected me on that already, remember?"

He laughed. "True enough. It's a friend of a friend. We don't have to stay long, but I thought it might be worth swinging by."

I thought about it. "I'm working until ten."

"What time did you think we were going?"

It was my turn to laugh. "Ok. Sounds good then." A small part of me wondered if this was some kind of date, but he'd definitely made the wing girl thing clear.

"Enjoy work, I'll catch you later." He disappeared through the doorway.

Chapter Twelve

Macon

Carly seemed much more at ease her second night at the Grille. I held back and watched her for a few minutes as she chatted with a group of college aged girls and directed them over to the bar. She seemed very much in her element. I was strangely excited about it. I guess it's because if she liked her job she'd stick around for the whole summer, and for one reason or another I really wanted that.

"Hey, roomie."

Her eyes lit up a little when she saw me. She must have been in a really good mood. "Hey!"

"I'm a little early, so I thought I'd bother you."

"Why not bother Maddy? She's outside."

"Yeah, she's not as much fun to bother anymore. She's so perpetually happy."

"The nerve. She needs to be moody and pissy all the time."

"Not all the time, just some of it. She at least has to let me rile her up."

"That's exactly what a girl wants a guy to say about her." She narrowed her eyes.

"You on the other hand are very easy to rile up."

"Am I?"

"Uh huh." I stepped closer.

"I think it's the other way around."

"Really?"

"Yes. Why don't we see whose better at it tonight?"

"Who's better at getting the other person irked?"

"Exactly." She glanced at her watch. "Looks like you're done bothering me." She took off down the hall, and I knew she was clocking out. I waited by the entrance, and we walked out.

"Want to drop off your car? You can get changed and we'll go. Brody's meeting us at the party."

"Brody's coming?" She seemed surprised.

"Yeah, I think he wants to protect you."

"Protect me from what, you?"

What was she getting at with that line? "No, from me ditching you or something. Which I wouldn't do by the way."

"I'm a big girl, Macon. I assure you I can take care of myself."

"But you're new here."

"So? And by the way, I don't need to stop home and change." She started to pull her black t-shirt over her head. For a second I thought she was going to strip down to her bra right there in the parking lot, but she was wearing a bright pink tank top underneath. The bottom rode up, giving a glimpse of a strip of her lightly sun kissed skin. Before I could look for long she'd smoothed out the shirt and tugged down slightly on her black skirt.

I forced my eyes up to her face. "Okay, so let's drop off your car."

"Sure, see you at home." She opened her door and got in.

I drove back to the condo in an insanely good mood. A female friend who'd make bets with me. I really was spot on about this girl.

***

The party was in full swing when we arrived. I recognized about half of the people there and assumed the rest were new in town for the season. I glanced around the room and noticed a red head smiling at me. I smiled back, and Carly snorted. I looked at her. "What?"

"Nothing...it's just that I can't believe that's going to work on you."

"What is?"

"That look she's giving you. I bet she's been practicing in front of the mirror or something."

"Are you seriously going to critique every girl I notice?"

Carly laughed. "This is too easy."

"What is? Ohh... got it. You were doing that on purpose."

"Exactly. Have fun with the fake red-head."

"Fake?"

"You think that's natural?" She arched an eyebrow.

"Maybe?"

"Not a chance, but it doesn't mean you shouldn't talk to her." She started to walk off.

"Where are you going?"

"To give you space, you can't pick up girls with me around."

"Sure I can. You're my wing girl, remember? You're the friend that helps me seal the deal."

She groaned. "I don't think you need my help."

"I don't need it, but it's going to be fun." I had no plans of taking the girl home, but it seemed like a great way to annoy Carly back.

Her face scrunched up. "Okay, fair enough." There was a mischievous glint in her eyes that got me nervous, but I let it go.

We hadn't even made it to the keg when the red head reached us. I could already nix her. A girl that made things that easy wasn't even fun.

"Hi." She smiled.

It didn't mean I wouldn't be polite though. "Hi, having a good time?"

"I was kind of bored." She twirled a piece of her hair.

"Never a good sign for a party."

"Then you should hang out with Macon, trust me he's exciting." Carly filled a cup from the keg behind me. "See you later, babe."

I shook my head. She really didn't get the wing girl idea. Or maybe that was just another attempt at her whole annoy me thing.

"Is that your girlfriend?" Red head asked.

"No, my roommate."

"Oh." I could see the wheels turning in her head. "So you're single?"

"Uh huh." I tried to pay attention to what she was saying as I searched around the room for Carly. How had she disappeared so quickly? She was supposed to be helping me get out of this situation and move on. "Can you excuse me?"

I needed to find her. I hadn't seen Brody yet and otherwise she didn't know anyone. I didn't want her getting bored or anything. I headed outside and found her pretty quickly. She was leaning against the railing of the lower deck talking to Caleb Anders. Forget me. She was the one who needed a rescue.

"Hey, babe." I used the same term she had.

"Hey." She barely glanced at me.

Caleb did however pay attention to my arrival. He scowled as soon as his eyes set on me. "Hi, Macon. Didn't know you were coming tonight."

I smirked. "What can I say? It's not really a party without me, is it?"

Carly laughed, and Caleb turned back to her. "Don't mind Macon, he thinks highly of himself."

"Yeah... I know that."

"Wait. Do you guys know each other?" He looked between us.

"She's my roommate." I forced down the 'you idiot' part I wanted to add. Mouthing off to my boss's son probably wasn't the best idea. It was hard not to when he was practically breathing down Carly's throat, and worse yet she didn't seem to mind. Either she had really bad taste, or she was trying to annoy me more. I hoped it was the latter and decided to test it. "But I'll leave you two to continue your conversation. I'm sure it's been stimulating."

"It has been." She smiled. "But thanks for stopping by."

I tried to get a read. Did she actually like Caleb?

I reluctantly walked away, but I still kept them in view. I knew she could take care of herself, but I didn't want her getting hurt. Caleb didn't date much, but he always seemed to go for the younger girls when he did. Getting mixed up with a rich boy with way too much time on his hands wasn't good for anyone, especially not a girl as cool as Carly.

"You make me sick." Brody rolled his eyes at me.

"I know I do, but is there a particular reason why I do at the moment?"

"You're staring at her like a puppy or something. Either you like her or you don't. And as much as I'd rather not have roommates who are dating, if you do like her I'd move fast. She's not going to stay single long."

"We're just friends. Completely and utterly friends."

"If you say so."

"I do." We had to stay friends whether I liked it or not. I couldn't go down that road with Carly and screw things up for everyone.

"Then why are you over here alone staring at her like that?"

"Shut up."

"I'm just saying..."

"I'm taking Carly home. I promised her I wouldn't ditch her."

Brody sipped his Coke. He rarely drank alcohol. "But I could easily drive her home too. I also live with her."

I glared at him. "I'm driving her home, and I'm doing it soon."

"She's not going home with him, just watch the body language."

"I'm watching."

"She's leaning away. He's the one in her space, not the other way around."

My body relaxed. "Good. If she wants to date I could hook her up with someone better than that."

"Oh yeah? Who would that be? You?"

"Maybe it's you, Brody. You seem to talk about her just as much."

"Oh yeah? You'd be okay with me dating her?"

"If she weren't our roommate."

"Yeah... it's all because of the roommate thing." He turned to leave. "Keep telling yourself that, maybe eventually you'll believe it."

"Go to hell."

"Nah, I'm just going to get another Coke."

Chapter Thirteen

Carly

I had to get ready for work. After lazing around at the beach half the day I'd taken a pre-dinner nap. I'd have probably slept all night if Maddy hadn't texted to see if I could pick her up. I got dressed quickly and searched around for my brush so I could at least attempt to make something of my wind blown hair. I realized I'd left it in the bathroom.

I heard the water in the sink running, and I assumed someone was brushing their teeth. I knocked while pushing open the door. "I just need my-"

The rest of my words were lost as Macon turned toward me. There he was holding a toothbrush and wearing nothing. Absolutely nothing.

"Oh my god. I am so sorry." I backed out without finding my brush.

"Can I help you?" His voice was amused. How was he amused?

"Why are you naked?"

"Because I just got out of the shower."

I kept looking down. "But you were brushing your teeth."

"I like to dry off before I get dressed. You should try it sometime."

"That's what a towel is for." I heard the ping of the towel bar. I glanced up, half hoping he'd be covered and half hoping he wouldn't be. He had a towel tied around his waist.

"I guess we're even then."

"Even?" I could barely think straight. I was still picturing Macon naked.

"Yeah, I walked in on you in a towel, now you've seen me baring it all. We're good to go."

"I wasn't naked."

He grinned. "So what you're saying is now I'm the one with the extra points. Nice."

"You're crazy."

"I am? You're the one who opened the door without waiting for an answer, and what did you need anyway?"

"My brush," I answered sheepishly. He was right, I did pretty much barge right in.

"Here you go," he held out the brush.

I took it, and my hand brushed against his in the process. Even tiny touches from him got me. "Thanks, and sorry."

"Not a problem, roomie."

"Okay."

"Is there anything else?"

"Oh, no. Nothing." I backed out the rest of the way and closed the door. Could I get more embarrassing?

With my hair halfway decent, I slipped on my shoes and grabbed my purse. I made it to Maddy's with no time to spare. I got us there minutes before our shifts started. Luckily I was getting used to the job and was able to jump right in. A week in and I might as well have been working at the Grille for years. The mix of customers was different, but otherwise nothing really changed. I knew I wasn't being paid much, but it gave me something to do, and any money was better than nothing. I worked about five nights a week, and if it were up to me I'd have switched to seven. I liked staying busy; it helped keep my mind off other things.

"Carly?" Max strode over. He generally only did that when there was a crowd of guys around. He was protective that way.

"Hi, Max."

"I was hoping to talk to you about something."

"Oh?" My stomach sunk. Was he going to fire me?

"You're doing a great job as a hostess, but would you be interested in doing something that would get you more in tips?"

"Absolutely!" Phew, he definitely wasn't firing me.

"I'm looking to hire another bartender. I'm going to be reopening the upstairs bar."

"There's a bar up there?" I'd seen the stairs leading to the upstairs, but I hadn't actually been up there.

He nodded. "It's an antique the original owner put in. Solid mahogany and everything. Business has really picked up this summer, so it seems like the right time. The problem is my bartenders are already over worked."

"That sounds great, but I have no idea how to bartend."

Max laughed. "I know. Maddy said you'd say that. She's going to work with you. I'll cover the front for an hour a night so you can watch her. Does that work for you? We can start it slow up there too, even just make it beer and a few drinks at first."

"So you're really offering to hire me as a bartender?"

"Yes, contingent on you learning the ropes. Take your time. I have Dale and Alana pulling some extra shifts the next few weeks."

"The next few weeks? So you'd want me to start that soon?"

"If you can." He smiled. "I knew I could count on you."

"Thanks." I smiled back before he turned and walked away.

I barely had time to contemplate the possible new job before Maddy showed up. "Hey, did Max talk to you yet?"

"Yeah. It looks like I'm going to get to bartend after all."

"Do you want to shadow me tonight or wait until tomorrow night?"

"If you don't mind, I'm kind of jumping at the chance."

She laughed. "Okay, tonight it is."

Max showed up again twenty minutes later, and I took a slow walk out to the tikki bar where Maddy was working. The place was hopping, and I hoped I didn't slow her down or anything.

"Hey. You can take a seat." Maddy gestured to a stool.

I decided to stay standing. It was easier to see that way. It wasn't like I hadn't watched Maddy work before, but it was different watching from behind the bar. Maddy seemed to grow more confident behind it. I felt intimidated. It was like every patron was looking at me. They probably were wondering why I wasn't helping her.

She mixed something in a blender and turned to me. "Could you grab three Coronas from the fridge?"

"Sure." I searched around for a second until I found the beer fridge. I pulled out the three bottles and then awkwardly waited until she finished ringing up a customer to talk to her again. "Am I supposed to open them?"

A guy around my age laughed. "I'm hoping this is your first night."

Maddy glared at him. "And I'm hoping you're not expecting service if you bother her again."

He held up his hands in defense. "I was just joking. I have no problem being patient for a pretty girl." He ran his eyes up and down me. I was glad Max had ordered some more medium shirts. At least my breasts weren't quite as vividly on display when I worked anymore.

She turned her back on him and rolled her eyes. I stifled a laugh.

"It's easier if you use this." She pointed out the built in bottle opener.

"Nice. Thanks." I couldn't believe I hadn't noticed that myself.

Maddy got swarmed, but she tried to give me a play by play of everything she was doing. "Remember to always set out a cocktail napkin for every drink."

That seemed basic enough, but I wished I could get away with taking notes. As the crowd grew I felt bad just sitting there. "Isn't there anything else I can do?"

"He just wants a gin and tonic. Want to make one?" She gestured to a man waiting with his arms crossed.

"Uh, how do you know how much gin and how much tonic to put in?"

She smiled. "I'll show you."

"First grab a glass. Oh, also remember at the beginning of each shift to check to see that you have enough clear barware."

"Gotcha."

"Fill this with ice." She pointed to the glass.

"The ice is..." I could feel my cheeks heating. It was my first time back there, but shouldn't I have been able to figure that out on my own?

She pointed out the ice, and I waited for the next instruction. "It's just a single shot of gin, and then tonic. I'll do it now to save time." I stepped back to let her work. "Then it's just adding the lime and stirring."

I nodded. "Got it." All right, I had a lot studying to do. I was going to have tons of drinks to memorize.

The night wore on, and I could tell I was more in Maddy's way than I was helping. I slipped back out to the front.

"How'd it go?" Max asked. The only new customers coming in were heading to the bars, so he didn't have to do much.

"Horribly. I have no idea what I'm doing." I don't know why I was so honest with Max. He was just the kind of person you wanted to be open with.

"You'll learn. Here, come with me for a second." He headed back toward his office, and I followed. He went over to his bookshelf and grabbed a weathered book that looked like it had been through a lot. "This is the book I learned from. Most of it's still the same, and you'll figure out the rest."

"I can bring it home?"

"Of course. You're living with Macon and Brody now, aren't you?"

I nodded.

"I'm sure Macon wouldn't mind helping you." There was a twinkle in Max's eye I decided not to read into. Whatever he was implying about Macon, I didn't really care. I at least I had something to work off of.

"Thanks so much." I held the book against my chest as I made my way back outside. Things had quieted down a little.

Maddy chewed her bottom lip nervously. "I'm sorry about earlier. I didn't mean to put you on the spot."

"It's fine! You were so busy. I'm going to practice at home," I held up the book.

"Practice at home?" She took the book from me. "Where did you get this?"

"Max said I could borrow it."

She smiled. "He's sure a softie."

"Yeah, well I appreciate it. Maybe I can learn some on my own before I try it here."

"That's a really good idea. I took a class during college so I didn't have to learn on the spot. Feel free to come by anytime if you want help."

"Thanks, I'll probably take you up on that." I made my way back up to the front. I was going to learn. I'd made it through four years of college, hadn't I? How much harder could bartending be?

***

"I need your help." Those four words were hard to say to anyone, let alone Macon, but Brody didn't really drink and was out of town, so I didn't have any one else to ask. Besides, Max had suggested I ask Macon for help.

I'd spent a full thirty seconds debating the advisability of my next course of action before I knocked on his partially open door. He was laying on his bed in a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. Even a casual outfit like that made him look good.

He glanced up from a book. "My help?"

"I need to learn to bartend."

"Is there any particular reason for this desire to learn?" He set aside his book.

I walked fully into the room. "Max offered me a bartending job if I can learn. It's better pay and tips, and Maddy always makes it look like fun."

He sat up. "Why wouldn't you ask Maddy for help?"

"She's going to be helping me at work, but that's hard because she's so busy. I'd ask for her help outside of work, but she has too much going on. I don't want to bother her."

"Let's ignore the fact that you think I have so little going on that you weren't worried about asking me," he teased. "The important question is what does she have going on?" He didn't hide the suspicion in his voice. If I didn't have his attention already, I had it now.

"It's nothing."

"Nuh uh. Out with it."

"I can't. I promised I wouldn't tell."

"You promised Maddy you'd keep a secret from me?" He was off his bed and halfway across the room.

"Well, I actually promised to keep it from Colin-well and then I told her to wait on telling him, so it actually isn't such a promise anymore."

"Just tell me. I won't tell her, but I need to know what's going on."

"I don't know. I don't want her to feel like she can't trust me."

"If you don't tell me I'll ask her myself. Which is worse? I'm serious, I have to know."

I sighed. It would be tons worse if he asked her himself. Plus he was her best friend, maybe he could help."

"Maddy's pregnant." I kept eye contact, wanting to watch his reaction.

Shock crossed his face. "As in she's having a baby?"

"What other kind of pregnant is there?"

"Wow." He went back over to his bed. "This is insane. How could it happen?"

"You don't really need me to go over those details, do you?"

He laughed, and his eyes racked over me. Once again with the mixed signals. "What does Colin think?"

"He doesn't know yet."

"Why not?"

"Well, first she was scared, and then I convinced her to wait. He needs to propose to her first."

"What? Ok, you need to sit down and explain all of this." He patted the spot next to him on his bed.

I walked in. Considering he'd spent time in my room it shouldn't have felt so weird to be in his, but it did. I took a tentative seat on his king sized bed. He definitely had the master bedroom.

"Colin already has a ring, but he isn't planning to propose until the perfect moment or something. Maddy is afraid if she tells him she's pregnant, he'll only propose because he has to."

"So you want Colin to propose first to save them both the trouble."

"Exactly."

"So why not just tell Colin? Then he can propose right away and act surprised."

"Because it's not my news to share, and he's a horrible actor."

"How horrible?" His eyes twinkled.

"Horrible."

"Okay... but if she waits too long he'll be mad."

"So we need to get him moving."

"Do you have any idea on how to?" Sometimes it's easier for a guy to figure out how another guy ticks.

"We can work on that, but what about that bartending stuff? Does Maddy want to quit or something?"

"No. Max is opening up an upstairs bar, but I'm guessing she's going to have to quit eventually, or at least take time off."

"I can help with Colin, but I have no idea how to bartend."

"Maybe I should ask Brody when he gets back. He'd probably help. I know he doesn't really drink, but-"

He sat up with a start. "Let's learn together."

"Really?"

"Yeah. Why not?"

"Ok, so Max gave me a book. We can start there. Do you want to start tonight?"

"Sure. We'll do the bartending thing tonight and we'll talk to Colin tomorrow."

"Deal?" He held out his hand. It felt so nice and warm in mine.

"Deal."

Chapter Fourteen

Macon

I have no idea why I agreed to help Carly learn to bartend. Maybe it was how desperate she sounded, or because I was incapable of saying no to that pretty face of hers, but I found myself rummaging through the cabinets with her at nearly one a.m. I had a pretty decent supply of liquor, but evidently my bartending supplies were lacking. Brody was away visiting his parents, so for once I wasn't worried about pissing him off by making a mess in the kitchen.

"You seriously don't have a stirring rod thingie?" she whined. Usually I hate when a girl whines, but there was something cute about hers.

"Last time I checked I wasn't a bartender. A spoon or knife works just fine."

She groaned. "Well, I guess that will have to do for tonight, but we'll have to get one for our next session."

"Our next session? You really think we're going to be doing this a lot?"

"I have to get this stuff down. Maddy took a whole class to learn. I have you." She turned her head to the side slightly.

I sighed. "Okay, what else do we need to find?"

"I think we have everything we need for the next few drinks I want to try."

We'd already spent an hour taking shots of different liquors. The idea was to make sure we knew the taste of each one. It had sounded like a good idea at the time. We drank seconds of a few just to make sure we had the taste down. By the time we were ready to start mixing drinks, I was definitely feeling the last round.

She stood leaning over a dog eared page in a book. "Your favorite drink is a Long Island iced tea, right?"

"Yeah, but that's a more complicated one. Are you sure you want to start with that?" I was trying to be nice.

"I know, but if I can master the harder ones, the easier ones will come, well easier I'd think." Of course I needed to memorize the ingredients first. I downloaded two apps to help with that part while Macon pulled out the liquor.

"If you say so." I sat back and let her take charge. I was only supposed to be helping.

She took out a glass and filled it with ice. I watched as she poured triple sec, rum, vodka, tequila, sour mix, and Coke in. She didn't pour them into a shot glass first, she just eyed it. Maybe she was a natural at it.

"There." She pushed the glass over to me.

I took a sip of the Long Island. There was a heck of a lot more alcohol than I was used to in it, but I couldn't bear to disappoint her.

"Do you like it?" She hopped up on the counter. "I don't drink those, so I don't know what they're supposed to taste like."

"It's uh, great." I took another sip and swallowed hard.

"It's awful, huh? I suck at this."

"You don't suck." I set down the glass. "You just have to make sure you're really precise with the measurements."

She sighed. "This is starting to feel like science class."

"Maybe, but how many science classes have you been to where you've been able to get blitzed?"

She crossed her legs at the ankles. "None that involved hanging out with a guy as hot as you." She covered her mouth and laughed. "Ok, I probably shouldn't have said that out loud."

"I don't mind. So, I'm hot, am I?" Wow, Carly was in an honest mood.

"Very." She uncrossed her legs and sat forward. "And I can't believe I'm telling you that."

"If it makes you feel better I think you're gorgeous."

"You really think so?"

"Absolutely." I reached behind her and pulled out the hair tie holding up her hair. It tumbled down in waves down her back. I ran my fingers through it. "So unbelievably gorgeous."

She shifted and intentionally or not let me slip in between her legs. I leaned toward her. "We shouldn't be talking like this."

"Why not? Are you afraid of dirty talk, Macon?" She bit her lip and smiled. She was playing with me.

"Dirty talk? This isn't dirty yet."

"Then show me dirty." She leaned forward and brushed her lips against mine.

"I don't want to show you dirty."

"Why not?" She said in a breathy tone.

"Because I'd rather show you other things."

"What other things?"

"The kind of things I'd have to show you."

"Show me." She ran her teeth over her lip.

"Are you sure you want me to?"

"Completely. I'll go first." She used both hands to pull her black t-shirt up and over her head. She tossed the shirt.

I stared at her sitting there in a black bra and pajama shorts. There was something so incredibly sexy about the combination-at least on her. My resistance broke. I needed her, and she was offering herself to me.

"Aren't you going to take your shirt off?" She smiled.

"You've seen me without a shirt on."

"Yes, but not while I wasn't wearing my own."

I pulled off my t-shirt and tossed it on the ground next to hers.

"Thank you."

"Did you just thank me for taking my shirt off?"

"Yeah, I think I did." She blushed slightly.

"I guess that means I should be thanking you for taking yours off-but then again you aren't exactly shirtless yet."

"Technically I am."

"Yeah, but you have on a bra. I don't."

"I wasn't aware you usually wore bras, Macon."

I chuckled. "You're something else, Carly."

"I already know that." She grinned. "But back to what you were saying. Although I am technically shirtless, you may have a point that for a girl to be shirtless usually means she's not wearing a bra."

"So I don't need to thank you." I gave up forcing my eyes to stay on her face. They were much happier studying the pale skin exposed by her bra. This one must have cut lower than her usual bikini tops, because there was a definite tan line. I was ready to see the rest of that tan line.

She reached behind her and unhooked her bra. She dropped it on the floor.

"Thank you." I barely got the words out. I forced my eyes away from the absolutely perfect set of breasts in front of me. I knew we were treading into no turning back territory, and I needed to make sure she knew that. "I'm guessing you realize that I really want to touch you right now."

"Macon. Hun. Generally when a girl starts stripping down in front of you and asking you to take your clothes off, it means she wants you to touch her."

I laughed. "Is that so? I'm so glad you clarified that." I couldn't wait any longer. I lowered my mouth to one breast while my hand fondled the other. I ran my tongue over her nipple. She moaned, and I took it as an invitation to continue.

"Macon," she moaned as she fumbled with my belt. While she worked on it I slid my free hand up her leg and into the opening of her shorts. I brushed my hand over her silky underwear. I wondered what color they were and decided I was going to find out. I momentarily released her breasts as I boosted her up slightly so I could slide her shorts down her legs. The blue material fell to the floor, and I took in the sight of the purple silk.

"Purple, nice."

She'd finished with my belt and moved on to my button and zipper. I stepped out of my shorts, ready to have less between us.

"Red plaid, nice." She giggled and nearly lost her balance on the counter. I steadied her.

That's when reality set in. We'd both had a lot to drink. I wasn't about to take advantage of her. I stepped back.

She gaped at me. "What's wrong?"

"We can't do this."

"Why not?" She covered her chest with her arms.

I swallowed hard. Every part of me wanted her, but not like this. Not when I had any question of whether she'd regret it in the morning. "Because we've both had too much to drink."

"I'm not drunk."

"Carly..."

"I get it. Enough said." Tears welled in her eyes,

"Carly, come on. I'm trying to do the right thing here."

"Gotcha." She slipped off the counter, picked up her skirt and bra and practically ran to her room, slamming the door behind her.

I bent down and picked up the t-shirt she'd forgotten. For a brief second I considered running after her, but I knew that would be a mistake.

I slunk down on the couch without bothering to get dressed. What the hell had just happened? I'd just fucked up everything. I should have put the brakes on way earlier, and I knew exactly why I hadn't. I wanted her. I wanted to see, feel, and touch every damn thing she had to offer. Yet somehow that had ended in my making her cry. Fucking fantastic. I downed the rest of my Long Island without tasting it.

I was still sitting in the same spot when the front door opened at some point later. I was too out of it to even notice the time change.

"What the hell did you do?" Brody dropped his backpack as soon as he closed the door.

"What makes you think I did anything?"

"Let's see. You're sitting on the couch in your underwear holding a Surfside Grille t-shirt. Either you've got some t-shirt fetish I don't want to hear about, or you slept with Carly. At the moment I'm hoping it's the fetish."

I looked down at the t-shirt still in my hands. "It's neither."

He sat down on the love seat. "Meaning..."

"What are you doing home anyway? Aren't you supposed to be in Augusta still?"

"It was all crazy stressed out planning for my brother's wedding. I left early, but don't change the subject."

"I didn't sleep with her. I got close, and damn it I wanted to, but we'd been drinking. It seemed like a bad idea."

Brody grinned. "Well I'll be damned."

"What?" I prepared myself for whatever smart aleck comment he had coming.

"You actually made a smart decision, and you did it for the sake of someone else. I'd have thought I'd see pigs fly first."

"Shut up. I just hope she'll talk to me tomorrow. She started crying and ran into her room."

"Did you try to talk to her?"

I shook my head.

"Good. Give her some time and let her save face."

"Save face?"

"I'm sure the whole situation was embarrassing for her."

I groaned. "You're not allowed to go away again."

"What, you don't trust yourself alone with her?"

"No. Obviously I shouldn't." I pulled myself off the couch. "I need a shower."

"A cold one?"

"What other kind would I take?"

"You did the right thing, Macon."

I turned back. "Then why do I feel so awful right now?"

"I said you did the right thing, not the easy or fun thing."

"Maybe she'll forget this ever happened."

"Now that's just called being delusional."

I didn't bother to answer. I headed down the hall to the bathroom. Even before I stepped into the shower, I knew the cold water was going to do nothing to cool my feelings for Carly. I had it bad.

Chapter Fifteen

Carly

Mortification. Mortification like I'd never imagined possible hit me like a freight train when I lay in bed the morning after my failed attempt at bartending. I guess I could add seducing Macon to my list of things I failed at too. I mean who couldn't get Macon to sleep with her? I was an idiot to even try, but after a few shots I couldn't help it. I was tired of pretending I didn't have feelings for him. He'd seemed so into it, so ready to take things there, and then he'd stopped. His excuse was we'd had a lot to drink? Maybe I was a little buzzed, but I was sober enough to know what I was doing. Besides, I got this gnawing feeling that there was more. Something else was holding him back, and I was sure it had something to do with me.

As soon as the clock hit six o'clock I was up and out of bed. It was early enough that I could avoid seeing Macon, but late enough that I knew Colin would be awake. I didn't bother with a shower, I'd just do that at Colin's house. Thankfully, I'd kept his spare key. I'd also left some clothes there. Theoretically I could move back in with him, but what would that look like? Carly the screw up. I couldn't even live with guys without making a fool of myself. I was going to slip out before Macon woke up to give myself one reprieve from facing him, but that was it. By that evening I needed to get over it and act like I didn't even care.

I didn't hear anything out in the main area, so I carefully opened my door. I took a few steps toward the kitchen. "Good morning, Carly."

My heart sped up before returning to normal when I realized it was Brody. Wasn't he supposed to be away?

"Hey. I thought you went back to your parents' house."

"I'm back early." He walked over to the coffee maker. "Want a cup?"

"Oh, that's okay. I'm going to head out."

"Let's go for a walk." He didn't say anything. He refilled his mug before filling another.

"I actually need to go by my brother's house."

"Just take a short walk with me." He handed me the tall mug full of black coffee. A few months earlier I'd been all about the milk and sweetner, but I'd grown to prefer it black. It was so much simpler and potent that way. Maybe it was symbolic of my life. It had gone from sweet to bitter almost overnight.

"Why? Why do you want to go for a walk?" I asked suspiciously.

"Because I do." He walked over to the door and slipped on his flip flops. "We can drink our coffee as we go."

I weighed my options. Things were already insanely awkward with Macon, why make them weird with Brody? I assumed he'd talked to Macon. He wouldn't have any other reason to try to get me talk to him. I grabbed my purse so I wouldn't have to go back up.

"You want to drop that off in the trunk of your car?" Brody gestured to my small clutch as we took the stairs. My flip flops made their usual clatter on the way down.

"Oh, yeah. Probably."

I stopped by my car and dropped off my bag. I went to pocket my keys, belatedly realizing I didn't have a pocket in the skirt I was wearing.

"I can hold these for you." Brody took them and slipped them into his pocket.

I stifled a groan. He was making sure I didn't just storm off.

We walked down the empty beach in silence at first. I let out a few deep breaths and enjoyed the quiet I knew would disappear in just a few hours when everyone else woke up. I watched the waves move in and out. There was something so comforting about the rhythmic nature of it. Some waves crashed further up on the beach than others, but they still kept coming. Nothing stopped the cycle.

"I like you Carly."

I felt a moment of panic. What? Was Brody about to admit he had feelings for me or something? I tried to compose myself.

"Wait. Not like that."

"Okay, good." That would have seriously complicated things.

He laughed. "That scary of a thought, huh?" he teased.

"Of course not."

"You just want one normal roommate relationship, I get it."

"I'm guessing you talked to Macon."

"Yeah... I did."

"Wonderful."

"Carly?"

I looked up at him. "Yeah?"

"He likes you." Brody's expression was suddenly serious. "Let's just get that part out of the way."

"Kind of how you like me?" I gave him a long look.

"No. Not that way at all. I like you and want you around. You're a good roommate. You're really neat, and you have a pretty decent sense of humor. Macon really doesn't care about that, he cares about you though." Brody exhaled loudly. "I knew this was going to happen."

"What was going to happen?"

"That he'd somehow screw things up."

"It's not his fault. I kind of started it." I looked back out at the water. The tide was slowly coming in.

"I'm actually surprised it took you guys this long. The sexual tension between you two is pretty sickening."

I laughed. "It's that obvious?"

"Completely, but that's not necessarily a bad thing." He looked torn for a second like he wasn't sure if he should say something. "Listen, I already told you I like you, I also like Macon. He's been a good roommate and friend these past few years. I'm not exactly an expert on relationships, but you two might actually work. The fact that Macon did put on the brakes last night says a lot."

"Yeah, it says he doesn't want me."

"Is that really what you think?" He gave me a skeptical look.

I shrugged.

"The guy didn't take advantage of you when you were drunk, and you think that's a bad thing?"

I sighed. "I wasn't drunk."

"But you'd had a lot to drink. Both of you. I know something about drinking too much and making stupid decisions. Macon did the right thing."

What was Brody talking about? He almost never drank. Maybe there was a reason for it. "Was that really it? Was he really just worried about taking advantage of me?"

"Do I have to spell this out for you?" He sipped his coffee.

"Yes, I guess so." I practically gulped down my coffee. It had cooled down to a comfortable temperature.

"He was scared."

I nearly spit out my coffee. "Macon? Scared of having sex?"

"No. He was scared of how you'd feel in the morning, and maybe how he'd feel. I don't think he's used to caring about a girl. It's been awhile since he's been in an actual relationship."

"I wasn't asking for a relationship." I took another sip of coffee.

"You're going to stand here and tell me you were only interested in a quick hook-up? You have no feelings for him that go beyond wanting to sleep with him?"

"Of course not. I have other feelings."

"Then stop lying to yourself. He did you both a favor last night. You want to date? Fine. Date. But don't rush things. He's scared, you're scared. We're all scared."

"So what do I do? How do I fix things?"

"What needs to be fixed? The two of you fooled around last night." He finished off his coffee. "I'm guessing it was an enjoyable experience."

I could feel the blood rushing to my face. "Yes."

"I can promise you it was for him too. Just tell him how you feel."

"How? I'm just supposed to open up to him like that? What if you're wrong and he doesn't feel the same way."

"Let me get this straight. You were completely comfortable having sex with Macon, but you're too afraid to tell him you like him?"

"That's different."

"Really? It didn't take guts to take off your top in front of him? I'm not trying to be an ass here, but you don't strike me as the kind of girl who gets naked in front of men all the time."

"Of course not!"

"Exactly. So why was it so easy to do it with Macon?"

"Because I'd had a lot to drink..." The reality dawned on me, smacking me over the head. "Which is why he stopped."

"Before you get into bed with someone, you need to be able to do it without alcohol. And you need to be able to be honest without it too. Both of you do."

He stopped walking and turned to me. "You're a beautiful and smart girl. Why does it seem like you have no confidence?"

"Because I don't." I walked off down the beach. For the second time in two days I felt tears welling. Maybe living with guys was more complicated than I thought.

I felt his hand on my shoulder and he spun me to look at him. "I'm sure there's a story behind that, but you don't have to tell me. I'm sure it's the same story that brought you here in the first place. But the bottom line is, you need to have confidence in yourself before you jump into a relationship-or bed," he looked at me long and hard, "with someone like Macon."

"Like Macon?"

"He seems really tough, but he's got his own issues. We all do."

"You have issues?" I arched an eyebrow. Brody seemed so in control and put together.

"Of course I do. And that's not necessarily a bad thing. At least I'm willing to admit it. One piece of advice, stay away from people who say they don't have issues. They are the ones with the most."

"I've never thought about that before."

"Glad I could share something of value. You about ready to head back?"

I looked into my nearly empty coffee cup. "Sure."

"Good. Remember, there's nothing to fix."

I took the last few sips of coffee. "Thanks, Brody."

"No problem. All I ask in return is that you deal with this head on. Dealing with sexually frustrated roomates is bad enough. I don't need to deal with ones avoiding each other too."

I laughed. "All right. I owe you that at least."

We made our way back to the condo, and along the way I realized I had two choices. I could hide out all day at Colin's house and hope things blew over, or I could face things head on. The first option sounded a whole lot easier, but I had promised Brody I'd try. Talking to Macon couldn't make things more awkward, could it?

Brody made himself scarce as soon as we walked inside. I gave myself a few minutes. I wasted time washing out the coffee mugs and emptying the dishwasher, but eventually I knew it was time to face the music.

I knocked on his closed door, remembering where the whole mess started-with me knocking on that very same door.

"Come in," Macon called without the hint of sleep. Was he just sitting in there waiting for me to leave or something?

I cautiously pushed open the door. He was still in bed, the blankets resting at his waist. I tried to stop looking at his bare chest and wondering if he was wearing those red plaid boxers underneath the sheets.

"Hey." He said the word like the night before hadn't happened.

"Hey..." I winced at the moment of awkward silence. "Thanks."

"You're welcome, but what exactly are you thanking me for this time? My stellar bartending skills?"

I ignored his joke. I was too nervous to even go there. "Respecting me enough to stop things last night." Brody was right. The reason I'd been so brave with Macon had been the alcohol, and that in itself meant I was drunk.

A slow smile spread across his lips. "In that case, you're very welcome. I'm glad you're not mad."

I took a seat on the end of his bed, the awkwardness slowly fading. "Yeah... I was mad."

He leaned up on one elbow. "Is that so?"

"Well, embarrassed. I mean who can't get you into bed?"

He coughed. "Excuse me? Are you implying I'm easy?"

I laughed. "Clearly not easy enough."

"Carly?"

"Yeah?" I braced myself for whatever snide remark was coming.

"Come here." He patted the space next to him.

"Are you sure that's a good idea?" Getting that close to Macon when he was nearly naked both scared and excited me. My feelings were so extreme when it came to him.

"Yes. Absolutely."

I got up, and he held open the blankets. My heart sped up and my head spun with confusion. What was happening?

"Don't overthink this, babe."

I didn't say anything, I just slid in next to him. As soon as my head hit the pillow he pulled me into his arms. "I have no clue what's going on with us, but I like how I feel right now. Let's just start here. No overthinking things, no worrying about what did or didn't happen last night." He ran his hand up and down my arm "Can you just do that for me?"

I snuggled into his warm arms. "What are you asking of me exactly?"

"I don't know. This."

For some odd and inexplicable reason, I knew exactly what he meant. "Okay."

"Good. Now let's get down to business."

"Business?"

"Yeah, with Colin and Maddy. Where do we start?"

"I have some ideas." I turned in his arms so I was looking at him. It should have been awkward, but it wasn't.

"I knew you'd say that."

Chapter Sixteen

Macon

It was good to have the old Carly back. Holding her in my arms reminded me of why I had to be careful not to do anything so stupid again. I had no clue how I was going to control my feelings for her, so I turned to the only tactic I knew, avoidance. I'd focus on what I could handle, interfering in someone else's life.

Carly thought that a united front was important. We needed to talk to Colin together, but we also had to be careful to make sure we didn't make him suspicious. I knew we'd be fine. She was his sister and I was Maddy's best friend. Who better to meddle in his proposal?

We drove over to Colin's place that night when we knew Maddy was already at work. Carly kept playing with her hair the whole way over. I'd learned that was a nervous habit of hers.

As expected, Colin was working when we got there. Carly had used her key to get in, and she shouted upstairs to get his attention. We waited in the foyer for Colin to join us. He seemed open, yet wary to our suggestions.

"Are you sure I shouldn't take her on a trip? I thought you guys were going to laugh at my first idea, honestly."

"She's going to love it." I decided to lay it on thick. "Maddy's a sucker for nostalgia. You need to play up your past to show her how it connects to your future."

Carly grinned. I'd promised her I'd make sure our plan worked, and I wasn't going to let her-or Maddy-down. Colin wasn't a perfect guy, but he was head over heels in love with Maddy. He also made her happy again. He was the right one for her, and I wasn't going to let her own insecurities, or his perfectionist tendencies mess anything up.

"So you really think I should do it this weekend? That isn't rushing things?"

"How long have you been planning on proposing?" It was Carly's turn.

"Since we were still in Paris."

"Exactly." Carly touched his arm. "Why wait?"

"Ok, what's going on here?" He turned to Carly first, but I was next.

"What are you taking about?" Carly asked.

"Why do you care when I propose? I know you like Maddy-but this is excessive even for you. And Macon, you don't even like me."

"That's not true... I like you for Maddy." He really did make her happy.

"Fine. Something is still going on." He crossed his arms. "I'm not doing anything until one of you tells me what that is."

This was it. My moment, my chance to cinch the deal.

Carly beat me to the punch. "I want you to do it while I'm still here."

"What do you mean? Where are you going?" His tone went from suspicious to concerned.

"I'm thinking about leaving next week." She bit her lip nervously.

She was a horrible liar, and Colin knew it. "Leaving? Why?"

"I don't want to feel like I'm messing things up between you and Maddy. I don't want to be in the way."

"You made this clear when you moved out. You're not in the way, Carly." Colin eyed her warily.

It was time for me to jump in. "Bottom line, Colin. Your sister thinks she's cramping your style. Once you and Maddy are engaged she'll realize she's being ridiculous."

"And why do you care?"

"Because I care about both of them."

"Both of them?"

"Yeah. Maddy's my best friend, and Carly's a pretty cool roommate. I don't want her moving away because of you." Calling her a cool roommate was quite the understatement, but considering who I was talking to it seemed like the right choice of words.

He shook his head and sighed. "It's not like I want to wait until next month. If you want me to do it this weekend, are you guys going to help?"

"Of course." Carly popped up on her toes. "Anything you need."

"I'm going to hold you to that."

"Do that." She hugged him. "All right, I have to get to work. Call me later and let me know what I can do."

"See ya, man." I started to follow Carly out.

"Macon?"

"Yeah?"

"Can I talk to you for a minute?"

"Sure... but I have to drop Carly off at work."

"She can take my car." He leaned out the front door. "Carly, catch." He tossed his keys to her.

She caught them. "What ever happened to me not being allowed to drive your lease?"

"It's a one-time exception."

She grinned. "You don't have to tell me twice."

"Don't total it." Colin smiled before walking back inside.

"What is it you want to talk about?" I already knew it wasn't about Maddy. If it was he would have said it in front of his sister.

"What are you doing with Carly?"

"Excuse me?" I tried to play dumb.

"I see the way she looks at you, the way you hold yourself around her. What's going on?"

I went with honest. "I don't know."

"Figure it out, and make sure you don't hurt her in the process."

"That's the thing. I'm trying to figure out how not to hurt her."

"Do you like her?"

This conversation was bordering on impossibly awkward. Talking to a guy about his sister was just about as bad as it could get. "Yeah. I like her."

"Then it shouldn't be too hard."

"Are you giving me permission to date her?"

"Were you waiting for that? Do you really care what I think?"

"Surprisingly yes. She's too good for me, and we both know that." I glanced at the door that beckoned me.

"No. She's too good for the way you usually deal with girls, but I'm assuming you're not stupid enough to treat her that way."

"I'm not that bad." It was one of those moments when I wished I'd worked harder to combat the player reputation. Normally it was convenient.

"Either way, respect her."

"Of course I'm going to respect her, but I don't know what she wants." Maybe Colin had some insight into Carly. I certainly didn't know what to make of her.

"Then find out. We both know I had no idea what I was doing with Maddy in the beginning."

"All right, I'll do that."

"Good."

"Is that all you wanted to talk about?"

"Mostly."

"What else is there?"

"She loves surprises. Don't forget about it."

I smiled. That was very important information. "Thanks. I'll have to remember that."

***

I wondered if this was how stalkers felt. I'd been standing off to the side of the outdoor tiki bar for a full five minutes and neither Maddy nor Carly had noticed me yet. I probably could have said something, but honestly I liked watching Carly. She was studying everything Maddy did like a hawk, and she was even taking notes on her phone. There was something ridiculously cute about that.

"Can we help you, creeper?"

I'd been so busy watching Carly that I didn't notice Maddy's attention move to me.

"Oh, hey."

Carly glanced at me and she smiled. "What are you doing here?"

I could tell she was dying to know what Colin had said to me.

"Carly left before I could tell her something."

"And what's that?" Carly settled a hand on her hip. She was wearing a couple of bangle bracelets in bright primary colors. I hadn't noticed earlier. She had a quirky sense of style I was starting to get used to.

"I signed us up for an online bartending class. We're starting tonight."

"What?" Maddy eyed the crowd forming around the bar. "Is that a joke?"

"Didn't Carly tell you about our first attempt at teaching ourselves?"

"Attempt? Are you actually admitting you're not good at something, Macon?" Maddy unsuccessfully tried to bite back a smile.

"Completely. I suck at it, we both do. We're going to change that though."

"Are we really starting tonight?" Carly's question was loaded. She was asking me whether I thought it was a good idea or not. It was. I was going to be prepared this time.

"Yes. We're all set."

Maddy opened a couple of beers. "I so need to watch this."

"Nope. You're not invited." I loved Maddy, but this was just for Carly and me.

She handed out the beers and pulled out two martini glasses. "You can't keep me out."

"Sure we can. You don't live there anymore."

Maddy groaned. "Whatever you say."

"Exactly." I winked at Carly. "See you at home."

She shook her head. "Bye, Macon."

Chapter Seventeen

Carly

"How does this work exactly?" I pulled up a stool to the island where Macon had lined up liquor bottles, glasses, shot glasses, and every other bar accessory we could ever need.

"We just sign in and listen to the lessons. Then we practice. At least that's how I think it's going to work."

"And you're really just going to sit here and do this with me?" Helping me for one night seemed normal, but agreeing to take a whole online class with me?

"Yeah. I could use the education myself. What if I meet a girl who wants me to mix her drinks?" His face fell as he said the words, like he regretted saying them.

I refused to let my face fall. I wasn't delusional enough to think that anything was actually going to happen with us. And even if it did, it's not like he wouldn't date other girls later on. "Yeah, well, you never know when the skill will come in handy."

"I'm going to refrain from making the dirty response your comment is begging for."

I laughed. Macon was so good at breaking awkward tension. "And I promise to keep my clothes on this time."

"Who said you had to do that?" His tone was light but his eyes sent a different message.

"All right. Let's start this thing."

He opened his laptop and logged into the course.

A simple graphic welcomed us to the program. I shifted in my stool to get comfortable.

"So you want to bartend?" A guy with a pink polo with the collar popped stared at us from the screen.

I nudged Macon. "Is this for real?"

He laughed. "Just pay attention."

"There are lots of reasons why you might be taking this class. Maybe you want to be able to mix yourself drinks, or maybe you're trying to impress a special someone." The guy winked in an exaggerated way that had me nudging Macon again. "Or maybe you want to transfer to a new profession. No matter what the reason, this class will help you reach your goal."

He walked over to a bar and hopped up. "Are you ready to get started? What's that? I couldn't hear you. Are you ready?"

"Hell yeah!" Macon smiled. "We're so ready."

"All right, that's better. Let's get started."

"This is like a bad work-out video. Where'd you find this class and how much did it cost?"

"Shh. We're going to miss the first lesson."

I rolled my eyes. "The horror."

"Today we're going to talk about the supplies you'll use and the terms you need to understand before bartending. Let's start with the different types of glasses."

I groaned. "Seriously, Macon? Glasses?"

"It has to get better."

"Sure." I nudged him again, and he put an arm around me. I happily rested my head against his shoulder.

Macon was wrong. It didn't get better. After learning about every type of glass known to man Mr. Popped Collar moved on to shakers and measuring tools. Just when I thought we might learn something interesting the lesson ended.

"Seriously?" I looked at Macon. "When do we get to start something fun?"

He shrugged. "Maybe class number two."

I laughed. For some reason the whole situation seemed incredibly funny.

A low battery alert flashed on the screen.

"And on that note." Macon closed his laptop. He spun on his stool toward me. "What are you up to now?"

"Now? You do realize it's almost two a.m., right?"

"Yes... I'll ask again, what are you up to now?"

A door squeaked and Brody walked out. "What are you up to, Macon?"

"Did we wake you up?" I felt bad. Maybe my jeers about the class had woken him.

"Not really... and at least you're dressed." He pulled a grey t-shirt on over his head.

"Because you thought we wouldn't be..."

"You two have a bad track record when it comes to bartending..."

"Unfortunately I didn't get her liquored up tonight." Macon winked at me.

I groaned. "Please don't go there."

Macon stretched his arms above his head. He was probably stiff from sitting so long. "Want to go for a walk?"

"Now?" I caught Macon's eye.

"Yeah. Let's grab some flashlights and head down to the beach." Macon glanced at Brody to get his approval. Brody nodded.

"Won't we get arrested or something? It's the middle of the night."

Macon shook his head. "You sound so much like Maddy it's scary."

"What? Because I think about things like my arrest record?"

"Wait..." Macon's lips twisted into a smile. "Why do you I get the feeling you have a record?"

"I don't have anything on my record... thankfully." I walked down the hall to my room and found my favorite black flip flops. Nervous about getting in trouble or not, I wasn't giving up the chance for a night walk. There's just something special about being outside at night like that, especially by the water.

"You're going to spill, Carly, whether you know it or not." Macon stood by the front door, holding the door open.

Brody placed a small flashlight into my hand.

"That's what you think." I slipped out and headed down the stairs.

The night was cool, and I immediately regretted not throwing a sweatshirt over my tank top. I wrapped my arms around myself as I gazed up at the starlit sky.

"Cold?" Macon asked as the three of us walked along the sand.

"Not as cold as when you threw me in the ocean."

"So what you're saying is that you're dying to take another swim?"

"No. That's not what I'm saying at all." Getting in the ocean again while fully dressed was not high on my list of activities.

"Okay. If you're sure." Macon got that twinkle in his eye, and I knew I was in trouble.

"Do not throw me in, Macon."

"Or what?"

"Or else."

Brody laughed. "That's it? No creative threats?"

"My threats are so creative I can't share them with mere mortals like you."

Macon wrapped an arm around my waist. "Mortals?"

"Ok, wrong word, but you get the picture."

"Nuh uh, you just admitted that you think you're more than human."

"No I didn't." Had I really just said that? Maybe I was reading too many paranormal books.

"Yes, you did." Brody just had to join in.

"It's the middle of the night, and I just finished watching the world's most boring video, cut me some slack."

"Sure, no problem." Macon smiled right before he yanked the flashlight from my hand and swooped me up in his arms.

Moments later I made contact with the dark, cool water.

"Macon!"

"Chill out, I'm coming," Macon called.

"As much as fun as a late night swim sounds, I'm heading home. Don't get in too much trouble you two." Brody laughed before turning back toward the condo.

"You're such an ass." I splashed Macon.

"Admit it. You're glad I did it."

"Why? Why would I be glad?"

"Because you secretly wanted to go for a night swim but were too chicken."

"I am not chicken to do anything." Maybe I didn't want to get wet, but it didn't mean I was afraid.

"Is that so?"

"Yes." I floated on my back, watching the full moon above us.

"Kiss me while you're sober."

His words had me submerging as much of myself as possible in the water. "What?"

"You said you're not too afraid to do anything, so kiss me. No alcohol to make excuses this time."

"You think I'm afraid to kiss you?" I stood up.

"No." He came closer. "I know you are."

"I'm not afraid."

"Then do it." His hand circled my wrist.

"Why? Why do you want me to?"

"Because I need to know how you feel, Carly. I need to know what you want."

I shivered, half from the cold and half from his words. "I know what I want."

"Then show me."

"What if it's not the same thing you want?"

"Worry about that later."

I leaned toward him, letting my lips brush against his.

"Really kiss me, Carly."

I pressed my lips against his, still not sure which way was up. Why was he pushing me? Why couldn't he make the move? His lips started moving against mine, and I stopped hesitating. I wrapped my arms around his neck and let my lips do the talking.

He deepened the kiss, and I pressed my body against his. I wasn't wearing a bra under my white t-shirt, and my nipples rubbed against his bare chest.

He broke the kiss momentarily. "I feel exactly the same way, babe." His lips returned to mine, and I pressed against him again.

He groaned, cupping a breast through my t-shirt. The sensation of his hand through the wet fabric had me about ready to lose control. His other hand started to tug down on my pajama bottoms. I stilled him. "Not out here."

"If I take you to my bed again, it's not going to be to cuddle." His expression left nothing to the imagination.

"Take me to your bed then."

"There's no turning back this time. You need to know that."

"There's been no turning back since the last time you threw me in the ocean."

"You're right about that." His lips attacked my neck as his hand found its way underneath my wet top.

I moaned as he squeezed my breast, and I didn't resist when he pushed my shirt up so his lips could settle on my other breast. I braced my hand on his chest, letting my fingertips explore his muscular planes.

His lips left my breast. "I want you so bad. I don't know how much longer I can wait." He breathed the words in barely a whisper.

"That's why you're supposed to be taking me home."

"Let's go." He tugged on my hand and pulled me out of the water.

The cold wind stung, but I was so numb from excitement that I barely felt it as we made our way back to the condo.

Chapter Eighteen

Macon

I wanted her. No, I needed her. The weeks of resisting her had broken down my restraint. As easy as it would have been to take her right there on the beach, I knew I couldn't. I practically towed her back toward the condo, and up the stairs. Once inside, I kicked the door closed, only pausing to lock the door before picking her up. She wrapped her legs around my waist. Her lips found mine, but I had to break the kiss to keep myself moving forward.

Thankfully the walk to my room wasn't long. I set her down right in front of my bed and wasted no time pulling off the wet top that had been in my way. Several trails of water streamed down her chest. I licked them away, using the excuse to give my mouth the opportunity to explore her breasts more. Her nipples were so hard and responsive, I needed more. She moaned for me, and I could tell she was struggling to stay standing. I was about to make it even harder on her. Without moving my mouth, I untied her pants and let them fall to the floor. I pushed away the satin fabric of her panties and slipped one finger inside her. Her moan became more of a groan. As I expected she stumbled back, and I caught her, easing her down on my bed. I pulled her panties down and tossed them in the pile with the rest of her wet clothes. A moment later my boxers joined them.

I looked at her. I looked at every naked part of her body, determined to memorize every inch of her.

She looked up at me with the sexiest damn expression ever. "Are you going to join me?"

"Hell yes." I ran my eyes over her again. She was so damn beautiful I couldn't really believe she was giving herself to me. I'd been with plenty of girls, but Carly was different inside and out.

I lay down next to her, letting my hands trail down her body. Her eyes were locked on my obvious arousal.

Things were hot and heavy-they were perfect really, but something was missing. I wasn't making her laugh. "Aren't you going to thank me for taking my pants off?"

She pushed my chest. "No, I think you're supposed to thank me first."

"But I took your pants off for you."

"Macon?"

"Yes, babe?" I trailed tiny kissed from her neck down.

"I already told you that I want you."

"Yeah?" I let my fingers move between her legs again, watching as her eyes widened. "What was that you were saying?"

She moaned before closing her eyes and letting her hands settle at her sides. "Macon." My name came out of her as half a moan, and I could barely hold myself together.

"I want you, Macon."

"You're going to get me." I kissed her, loving that I was able to surprise her because her eyes were still clenched closed.

She reached out for me, gently stroking me. I groaned. Her touch was so careful. I'd have never imagined that was the touch that would set me completely on fire, but I could barely hold it together.

I reluctantly got up to grab a condom from the night stand. When I returned she was looking at me with those big sexy eyes again. "I've never wanted someone this bad before."

"That makes two of us." I moved above her, locking my eyes on her as I positioned myself between her legs. I hesitated for a moment, wanting to watch the excitement on her face before entering her for the first time. Damn, she felt incredible. Wet, hot, and ready for me. I moved in further, as her breathing sped up. I tried to go slow, wanting to make sure I didn't rush things, didn't hurt her, but when her nails dug into my back I realized that's not what she wanted. I sped things up, driving into her harder and faster. She opened up to me more and wrapped her legs around me. I moved my lips to her breast, as I continued to move inside her.

"Macon." She said my name again, and I lost myself in her.

***

Light flooding in through the window woke me up. Carly stirred beside me. I had her very naked body cocooned in my arms and legs, and I couldn't think of a better way to sleep.

"Morning, babe." I let my lips brush against her ear.

"Morning." Her voice was still heavy with sleep. With sleep she'd been having while naked in my arms-in my bed. I was already hard, but now it was worse.

I shifted so I could look at her. "Exciting night, huh?"

"Yeah, you could say that."

"I'm taking you down to the beach in the middle of the night more often."

"Are you sure it wasn't the exhilarating bartending lesson that got me in the mood?"

I laughed. "Well if that's the case, we'll have to do the next one tonight."

She touched my shoulder and gave me one of her signature sexy looks again. "The problem is I want you again right now."

Did she know what she was asking for?

Her hand wrapped around me. Yeah she knew.

"As much as I want you too, we should probably talk first."

Her hand dropped. "What do we need to talk about?"

"What happened. Us."

Her smile faded, and she turned away.

"Hey." I rolled her back to look at me. "You don't regret it, do you?" Wanting me again or not, she could have regrets.

"No. not at all." Then a look of panic crossed her face. "Do you?"

"No of course not... but I'm not exactly sure what happens now."

"Yeah... I was just thinking about that." She played with a corner of the sheet.

"And what was your final conclusion?"

"That this wasn't a normal hook-up."

"Have you had a lot of experience with normal hook-ups, then?" I shifted, accidently pulling the sheet off her. I remedied the situation, letting my hands brush against her in the process.

"No, actually I don't." Her expression was open and honest.

"I have some experience, for better or worse. And you're right, this isn't. But we both knew that going in."

The look of panic was still there. I needed to do something about it.

"Can I be completely honest and open with you, Carly?"

She nodded slightly.

"I want this to-"

"I understand." Her words tumbled out.

"You understand? What was I going to say?"

She looked toward the wall. "That this can't happen again."

For a second I thought she wanted that until I realized she thought that's what I wanted. I laughed, and she turned back toward me with a look that said she was ready to kill me.

"Whoa. Calm down there. That wasn't what I was going to say. Think you'd let me finish?"

"Yes. Say whatever you have to."

"Look at me." I put a gentle hand under her chin. "What I was starting to say before I was rudely interrupted," I paused to smile, "Was that I don't want this to be a one-time thing. I don't think it can be."

"What?"

"Ok, this is coming out all jumbled. Give me a sec." I'd never been so tongue tied in my life. Nothing was coming out right. "All right. Here's the thing. I really like you. I already did before last night, but well, I did tell you there was no turning back."

"I like you too. You obviously know that."

"I'm not going to pretend that I'm offering you forever or anything weird like that, because honestly we don't know each other that well yet, but I respect you way too much to just hook up with you randomly, and we both know this is going to happen again." I touched the bed.

"It is?"

"Seriously? I pour my feelings out and you're pretending you don't want to have sex with me again?" I was only half serious. It wasn't the sex I was worried about.

"Oh. I do. But it's not like it has to. We're adults with the ability to make our own decisions."

I leaned over her. "Ok, I need an answer this second. Are you trying to get out of having an actual relationship with me, or are you just being your awkward self?"

"The second one."

"Ok, good." I lowered my lips to hers. "Then, we're going to try this."

"And what's this?"

"Dating... although, do you think maybe we should hold off on telling Colin and Maddy until we fix things for them first?"

"I was thinking about that too."

"But that doesn't mean we're holding off on anything else."

"Do we tell Brody?"

"Yeah. Let's be honest, I'm not going to be able to keep my hands off you." I slipped my hands underneath the sheet, completely ready to show her just what I meant.

"Ok, so what now?" Her eyes widened in that sexy way again.

"We have sex again."

"Oh yeah?"

I kissed her chest right between her breasts. "Yeah, we need to have sex as an actual couple, right?"

"Are you really making up an excuse to have sex with me?"

I grinned. "I don't have to, do I?"

"No..." She grabbed me again. I was so hard and ready. "And I promise you I'm not going to make one up either."

"In that case." I moved my hand between her legs.

"Are we still allowed to play games?"

"Games? Like where we try to annoy each other?" My breathing was erratic. Her hands on me felt so good.

"Yeah."

"Only if they don't involve flirting or otherwise implying we're interested in other people."

"Wow. You really are surprising me this morning, Macon."

"Don't worry. The surprises aren't going to stop here." I planned to keep my word.

Chapter Nineteen

Carly

Six times. I'd had sex with Macon six times. I'm not exactly sure how it happened. I don't mean the physical part, obviously I understood that much at twenty-two, but how we'd managed to do it so many times in an eight hour period. But we did. We couldn't get enough of each other, and I hoped that wouldn't change.

"We should probably get up eventually." I ran a hand down Macon's chest. I still couldn't stop touching him.

"Are you sure we can't stay here all day?" He nuzzled his chin against the top of my head.

"I don't know about you, but I'm hungry."

"Hungry? Who needs food when there's sex?"

I pushed his arm. "There's no more sex without food."

"Want to go out for lunch? Maybe we can head over to Breakfast and Burgers."

"Sure... I guess it would be our first official date."

"A little backwards, but it works." He stretched, letting the sheet fall off him. The movement gave me an eyeful.

"If you keep looking at me that way we're not going anywhere."

"Is that so?" I stood up, forcing the self-conscious feelings away as I searched for my clothes.

His hands were around me cupping my breasts before I could grab my underwear. "Are you sure I can't have you one more time first?"

My stomach growled.

"I guess I got my answer." He kissed my neck and released me.

I looked at my pile of wet clothes and decided I wasn't bothering with them. "I need something to wear."

"On your long journey down the hall."

"Brody might be home. Do you really want him to see me naked?"

"Of course not." He pulled a t-shirt and sweats out. "Wear this."

I laughed. "I mention Brody and you offer me sweats? Are you really that worried?"

"I'm the only one who gets the pleasure of seeing that body of yours now."

"As compared to yesterday? I could have pranced around naked then?"

"Who's prancing around naked?" Brody called from outside the door.

I pulled on Macon's t-shirt and pushed open the door. "Could you hear everything we said through the door?"

"I heard some of it..." Brody grinned.

"Great." I left the door open.

"Tell me about it. I'm going to have to start sleeping with ear plugs if you guys keep this up." He winked at me.

"Wait. You're making that up. You didn't hear us until just now."

He shrugged. "I don't know. Did I?"

"Give it a rest," Macon yelled from his room.

"What are you two up to?"

"Nothing you're invited to join us in." Macon made a quick attempt at making his bed.

"I wasn't asking to have a three-some, Macon. I'm not into you."

"I meant our lunch date."

"Lunch date?" Brody peeked into Macon's room. "Aren't you two fancy?"

I laughed. "I'm going to take a quick shower."

"Wait. What?" Macon walked into the hall in just his boxers. "You were too hungry for sex yet you have the energy to shower?"

"Not listening to this." Brody covered his ears and walked down the hall to his room. His music started blaring a minute later.

"You think I'm going on my first date with you this sweaty?"

"Sweating because you've been in bed with me isn't a bad thing." He took my hand.

"See you in ten minutes, Macon."

He reluctantly dropped my hand. "Are you sure I can't join you?"

"No. I wasn't kidding about being hungry."

"If you insist." He walked back into his room.

I stopped by my room to grab fresh clothes before heading into the bathroom. I turned on the shower and stripped off Macon's shirt. The hot water felt amazing. When I heard the door open I knew exactly who it would be. "Macon."

"Yes, babe." He opened the glass door and stepped in completely naked, he nudged me out of the way and moved under the spray. "Were you about to say something?"

My words were lost as I stared at him. Macon always looked good, wet or dry, but under the spray of the water he looked even hotter. He was also still completely aroused.

"I'm going to assume you changed your mind." He stepped out of the spray toward me.

"Yeah... I changed it." I picked up the soap. If he insisted on showering with me, we were both going to be clean.

***

I was famished by the time we reached the restaurant. Seven rounds with a guy like Macon can do that to a girl. We were seated at a table by the window, and I happily ordered a burger. Macon did the same.

"I love that you eat."

"Uh, thanks, I think."

"It's just nice not to worry about it. I seem to usually date girls who diet all the time and stuff."

"In other words you go for super skinny girls." I wasn't one of them. I wasn't fat, but I definitely wasn't a size two.

"No. Just health conscious ones."

"You don't think I'm health conscious?" Add that in with my lack of running, and I was the lazy bum of the group.

"That's not what I meant."

"Then what did you mean?" I sipped my water. My one lemon wasn't enough so I grabbed the one hanging on Macon's glass.

Macon didn't blink. It wasn't the first time I'd done that to him. It may have been our first date, but it wasn't our first time out to eat together. That should have made things more natural, but in a weird way it made it stranger. It's like we'd flipped a switch that was supposed to change everything, but it hadn't actually worked. Dating a friend came with some complications.

"You're beautiful." He gazed at me intently.

"Thanks, but that doesn't get you out of your previous comment."

"You're incredibly beautiful, and smart, and sweet, and fantastic, and amazing in bed."

Of course the waitress had to come over with our orders right as he said the last part.

She cough-laughed before leaving our food.

"Thanks."

"Anytime." He reached over and grabbed a fry from my plate even though he had a whole plate himself.

"So are we doing our next class tonight when I get off work?"

"Sure. How about I pick you up tonight? I have a night dive, so I think we can time it up well."

"I probably should learn to dive eventually."

"Wait. You've never been scuba diving?" He poured some ketchup onto his burger.

"I told you that."

He shook his head. "No you didn't."

"I'm sure I mentioned it."

"Then add a scuba course to your list of activities."

"Isn't a bartending class enough?"

"Nope. You're doing this."

"Do you strong arm all of your girlfriends to dive with you?"

"I haven't had all that many girlfriends." He looked off.

"How many have you had?" I wasn't sure why I was asking. The number would have no relation to the number of girls he'd slept with.

"If you count Lauren from 4th grade, four."

"Same here. Well, boyfriends."

"Only four?"

"It's the same as you."

"Yeah, but you haven't hooked up with more."

"How do you know?"

He took a sip of his water. "You don't just hook up with guys."

"I almost did with you."

"But I'm not just a random guy."

"Why do you do it? Why do you hook up with random girls?"

"I haven't as often as everyone thinks." He took a bite of his burger.

"What does that mean?"

"It means people believe what they want to."

I was about to ask him to elaborate when a brunette walked over to our table.

"Hey, Macon," she cooed.

My stomach clenched.

Macon gave me an embarassed look. "Hi."

"I had a great time yesterday. You're really good at what you do."

I was ready to punch the girl. Was Macon going to make me suffer through this?

"Uh, thanks, but not any better than most."

Oh. My. God.

"I'm here another few days. Would you want to hang out sometime?"

She slept with him and now was asking him out?

"I'm sorry.... I uh." He looked right at me. "I have a girlfriend."

"Oh." The girl put a hand to her chest. "I'm so sorry."

"That's okay." He gave her a look like he wanted her to leave. I gave her a look too.

"Oh my gosh. You probably think. Wow. No. He was my dive instructor when I got my nitrox certification. I didn't. I wouldn't do that."

"Dive instructor?"

The girl nodded. "Nice to see you again, Macon." She slipped away.

Macon shot me a sheepish smile.

"You let me think you slept with that girl the same day we did."

"It was a little awkward. What was I supposed to do? Say, I didn't sleep with her?"

"Or mention the diving." I leaned back in my chair and crossed my arms.

"This is probably going to get me in tons of trouble, but you look hot when you're angry and jealous."

"I'm not jealous."

"You were, but let's leave it at that and eat."

"You're so good at what you do... oh my."

He laughed that sexy laugh of his. "Am I?" he wriggled an eyebrow.

"I don't know. You haven't taken me diving yet."

"We'll be rectifying that soon."

"Don't remind me."

"Oh, I will."

Chapter Twenty

Macon

Getting out of bed was becoming increasingly difficult. Untangling myself from Carly took will power I didn't always have. Even after a few weeks I couldn't get enough. Usually when I'd spent nights with girls we'd end up on the opposite side of the bed by the morning. With Carly it was different. I always woke up with her tucked in my arms.

"You're going to be late." She pushed against me lightly, before resettling herself in my arms.

"Yeah, yeah."

"Which means you could get fired."

"Yeah, yeah."

"Get out of bed, Macon." Carly was so cute when she was frustrated.

"Do you really want me to?"

"You know the answer to that one."

I kissed her forehead. "We don't spend enough time together."

"We've spent every night together this week."

"It's still not enough." I ran my fingers through her silky hair.

"Want to do lunch today then?"

"Sure. I'll have time. How about one o'clock at Urban Kitchen?"

"I'll just come meet you at the shop. I still haven't seen it."

"Sure." I didn't love the idea of her being around Caleb, but then again he rarely showed up anymore.

She sat up and scowled. "Is there a reason you don't want me coming by?"

"Of course not." I put a hand on her bare leg. She was trying to cover up with the sheet, but she wasn't trying very hard.

"Are you sure?"

"Why wouldn't I?"

"I don't know. You're really good at your job, aren't you?"

"What? That girl? Trust me that's not it."

"Oh. So you admit there's a reason."

"It's just I don't really want you near Caleb."

"Caleb? Who's that?" Her blank stare made my heart soar.

I kissed her, not settling for a light kiss.

She broke the kiss and laughed. "What's that for?"

"For being your amazing self." I hopped out of bed. "Would it be pushing it to ask you to join me in the shower?"

"It would be. Besides, I'm going running so I can't shower yet."

"You're running?" I raised an eyebrow. Carly made her dislike of running known.

"Yes, is that so hard to believe?"

"No. But would you rather work out at a gym?"

"If I had one to work out at."

"Ok, hold on." I went over to my drawer and pulled out a guest pass to my gym. "You can use this at Oceanside Fitness. It's the only gym out this way."

"Awesome. If I like it maybe I'll get a membership."

"That would be nice." A membership meant she was sticking around. I hadn't thought much beyond the next few days-but could Carly and I really have a future? I really hoped so.

***

"Why do you keep looking over your shoulder?" Ralph tossed an apple core into the trash can next to me.

"Because someone's meeting me here. It's not like her to be late." I checked for Carly for the millionth time.

"Maddy?" Ralph's expression brightened.

"No. Carly."

"Carly? The new roommate?"

"Yeah. Also the girlfriend." I'd started using the term without thinking about it, but that's what she was. I mean she definitely wasn't just someone I was hooking up with.

"What?" he sputtered.

"Yeah. Carly and I are together."

"I hope she's not the girl outside then." Anna Marie said as she walked in.

"Why?" I dreaded the answer.

"Because Caleb is hanging all over her."

"What?" The term I could see red took on new meaning. I stormed out of the shop without thinking.

Anna Marie was right. He was hanging all over her. Of course Anna could have added that Carly definitely wasn't into it. With her arms crossed she wanted nothing to do with him. Relieved she wasn't flirting I felt the second wave of anger. This one was even stronger-why was he invading her space?

I marched over and stepped between them, pushing Caleb back in the process. "Get the hell away from her."

"Why?" Caleb smirked. "We were just having a pleasant conversation."

I felt the anger rising again. All I wanted to do was punch the asshole.

"Macon." Carly's soft voice distracted me. "I was just telling Caleb about our big plans tonight, and how you still haven't told me what we're doing." She put a hand on my arm.

"Wha-" I caught myself just in time. "You don't want me to ruin the surprise do you, babe?"

"No. You know how much I love surprises." She bit her lip in an exaggerated way.

Caleb glared at me momentarily before turning his attention back to Carly. "Want my number in case you change your mind?"

"I'm good, but thanks."

I put an arm around her. "Ready for lunch?"

"Definitely."

I scowled at Caleb before leading Carly over to my car. I forced myself to stay calm because Carly was around, but next time I saw him alone he was in trouble.

I opened her door and closed it before walking around to my side. I wasn't usually the type to do that, but I wanted to with Carly. She brought out that side in me.

I'd just started the car when she put a hand on mine. "What was that about?"

"What are you talking about?" I backed out.

"Don't bullshit me, Macon."

I sighed. "It was nothing."

"You were ready to punch him. Admit it."

"So? He was bothering you." I stopped short as the person in front of us slowed to let a bunch of tourists cross the street.

"And you think he's the first guy to ever do that?"

"Are you trying to make me angrier?"

"I just didn't think you had an anger problem."

"I don't have an anger problem." I rolled down the window.

"Pull over at the park."

"What?"

"You heard me. Pull up at the entrance up ahead."

I did as she asked. As soon as the car was stopped she jumped out. I turned off the engine and followed. "Listen, you really don't need to worry-"

"No. Don't try to make up an excuse." She took a seat in the grass. She stretched out her legs, carefully smoothing out her skirt.

I sat down beside her. "I'm not."

"Tell me what happened? Why did you get so angry?"

"I already told you." I pulled a fistful of browning grass out of the ground

"If you were telling the truth then you belong in an anger management program, but I don't believe that's what it was. That little spat wasn't just about me."

I groaned. "Just leave it alone, Carly."

"Nope. I can tell something's up, and I don't like secrets."

"Caleb's a POS. That's it."

"Besides his annoying habit of hitting on me, why is he a POS?"

"That's not enough?" I turned my attention to trimming the grass again.

"Macon." No matter how Carly said my name it had an effect on me. It's like hearing it from her lips changed the way it sounded.

"Fine. I just can't stand him. His dad owns the shop, and he thinks he walks on water. He doesn't even like diving, so why should he take it over?"

"Are there plans to hand it over soon?"

"The end of this summer." I'd be looking for a new job as soon as that happened. I needed to figure something out and fast.

"A lot of family businesses are like that. Maybe he doesn't even want it."

"Not all are."

"I'm guessing you're speaking from experience." She scooted closer to me.

"You could say that."

"And you don't get to take it over." She rubbed my back gently.

"Right."

"So in other words, you're taking out your own frustration on Caleb."

"Don't start."

"What? I'm being real here."

"My uncle's giving his company to the chick he's been screwing for five years."

"Wow, that's a low blow."

"Exactly."

"What kind of business is it?"

"Risk management mostly."

"I didn't know you liked that stuff."

"I don't."

"Ok... so why did you want the position?"

"Because it's what I was always supposed to do. It's why I majored in business. Don't tell Maddy, but I've deferred my acceptance to Wharton twice now."

"What?" Her mouth hung open. "As in the UPenn business school?"

"Yup. I don't want to bother with it."

"Why haven't you told Maddy?"

"Because she'd tell me I'm being crazy. She thinks I still haven't applied."

"Did you tell her she was crazy for moving out here to bartend?"

I shook my head. "I'm the one who suggested she move out here."

"Then why would you expect anything different from her?"

"I hate letting people down."

She exhaled sharply. "Tell me about it."

"Who have you let down?"

"Come on. You're not making me tell that story again." She leaned back on one hand.

"What? Your family? They're just being idiots."

"As compared to yours? I'm guessing that's who you're referring to."

"Yeah. My uncle told my mom I wasn't up for it. She owns half the company but lets him run it."

"Does she know about his extracurricular activity?"

"No, but he's not married so he can do what he wants."

"It's generally not okay to screw your employees and then promote them for it."

I laughed. "Screw? I have you using that word now?"

"What? That's what it is."

I put an arm around her. "You're perfect."

"That again?" She leaned into my side.

"Yeah." I rubbed the palm of her hand that now had tiny imprints of the grass on it.

"You're going to be okay."

"You think so?" I lifted up her hair so I could kiss her neck.

"I know so."

"So are you."

"I hope so."

"I guess I need to start planning a special date now, huh?"

She laughed. "Did you like my excuse?"

"I'm guessing he was asking you out?" I refused to get angry at the thought of Caleb. She'd turned him down hadn't she?

"Yeah, and I figured it was a good way to get you to take me out tonight."

"Because I wouldn't take you out anyway?"

"Generally you prefer to keep me in."

I looked her right in the eye. "You don't actually think that, right? That I'm just using you for sex or something?"

"Of course not. Although I do wonder how I'm satisfying you."

I laughed. "Yeah... good one."

"You do have a bit of a reputation you know."

"One you believed."

"Oh?" She turned to look at me. "Should I have questioned it?"

"I've only slept with one girl this entire summer."

"What?" her eyes nearly bugged out. "That's impossible."

"Is it?"

"I'm the only girl you've been with this summer?"

I nodded. "Are you going to make me scream it or something?"

"Then why does everyone act like you sleep with anything with breasts?"

"Because it's easy to let them think that. People don't worry about you if they think you're having fun."

"Wow." She ran her fingers over my wrist. "Well, you're the only guy I've been with this summer."

"Very good to know." I brushed my lips against hers.

"Now you're officially perfect."

"Oh yeah?"

"The only thing keeping you from that title was your propensity to move through women. With that removed..."

"So you were willing to date me even without me being perfect?"

"Of course. Perfect is over rated."

"Does that mean you want me less then?"

"We both know that neither of us are actually perfect." She crawled into my lap.

"Yeah well, I think you're perfect for me and that's enough."

"Ditto."

"Ditto? I haven't heard that one in a while."

"I rock it old school." She wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me. She pushed for access to my mouth, and I gladly let her. I wrapped my arms around her and lay back on the grass. The motion left her on top of me. There were other people around, but I didn't care. Kissing Carly wasn't something I could consciously decide not to do. She was addicting, and I had no plans to quit.

***

"This is your big plan?" She glanced at the boat and then back at me.

"Yes. I figured a romantic dinner out on the water qualified as big."

"On that? We're going to eat a romantic dinner on that thing?" One of the best parts of Carly was her reaction to things. She was so honest it was funny. It's why I went out of my way to tease her.

"What's wrong with it?" I looked at the tiny little rowboat. Did she really think I'd pull something like that?

"No comment."

I pulled her back against my chest. "Babe, we're not taking that boat."

"Then which one are we taking?" She glanced around the marina.

"That one." I turned her so she was looking at the yacht docked two down from where we stood.

"Uh, I don't think that's your boat."

I laughed. "Not by a long shot. It belongs to a happy client of mine."

"A client is letting you borrow a boat like that? That's a lot of trust."

"The captain comes with the loan. Really he's just trusting we don't trash it."

"Does a chef come with it too?"

"But of course." I led her over to the boat. I really hoped I was earning points. I'd never gone out of my way to organize something like this, especially not under such short notice, but Carly was worth it.

She leaned up and kissed me on the lips. "You're amazing."

"So are you." I squeezed her hand, and we climbed on.

After introducing Carly to the staff, I'd actually lived on board for a week the previous summer and knew them well, I led her over to the starboard side while we pulled out of the marina. I'd timed everything to the sunset, and I loved watching her smile as she watched the pink, orange, and yellow colors cross the sky. "This is beyond beautiful."

"I'm glad you think so." I put an arm around her shoulder. It never ceased to amaze me how perfectly she seemed to fit at my side. A good four inches shorter than me, her head came to rest right at the crook of my arm.

We enjoyed the sunset before I led her over to the carefully set table. I'd left the dinner and wine selections to the on board chef, and I hoped Carly approved. From what I'd seen she wasn't a particularly picky eater.

She seemed to love the mussels and lobster tails, and she didn't leave any of her shrimp cocktail untouched. Clearly she loved seafood. After clearing our plates the staff went inside and left us with what was left of our wine.

Carly immediately returned to the railing. "You're not going to try to get me to dive tonight, right? Because if so you should have done it before we ate."

I laughed. "Your first dive isn't going to be in open water. We'll start with a shore dive."

"We'll start? It doesn't sound like you're even questioning it."

"Should I be?"

"Probably. I've never even considered doing it before."

"I won't bug you about it tonight, but don't think you're off the hook."

"You're really smart." She lopped her arm through mine.

"Not to ruin the evening? Of course. I'm not taking the chance of interfering with my guarantee of getting lucky tonight."

"Guarantee?" Her expression told me I was successfully riling her up. I was starting to see that for us getting frustrated with each other was a turn on. A major turn on.

"Yes. And you thought I was the easy one."

"I'm not easy, Macon." She turned away, but I could see the slight smile.

"You're not?" I leaned in and brushed my lips against her ear. "I really thought you were."

"Not at all."

I sucked lightly on her earlobe. "That's too bad. I was looking forward to tonight."

She leaned back into me, making me instantly hard. "Just because I'm not easy doesn't mean we won't have fun. Sometimes the best things are the ones you have to work for."

"Oh, this is going to be work." I didn't mean seducing her. I meant holding it together until we got home. I knew this client well, but not well enough to have sex with my girlfriend in one of his bedrooms. Or did I? He probably would expect it anyway.

"Come with me." I tugged on her arm gently pulling her with me down the stairs. I opened the door to the room I'd stayed in. If he'd let his dive instructor sleep there, it couldn't be that special to him. I closed and locked the door before pushing her up against it. I used one of my hands to pin both of her wrists above her head. "I'm willing to work as hard as I have to for you later, but babe, I need you."

"I already told you I'm not going to make this easy," she said coyly.

"No." I slipped my hand under the skirt of her dress. "You said you weren't easy. If I admit that you're not easy can I have you?"

"I'm not sure."

I moved my hand up higher, pushing away the fabric of her panties and brushing my hand against her. "Are you more sure now?"

She shook her head and took in a breath.

"Okay." I slid my hand down her leg.

"But I might be persuaded."

"I was hoping you'd say that." My lips crashed into hers as my hand returned to where it had just been. This time I pushed her panties completely out of my way, letting them fall to the floor.

She squirmed, but I still didn't release her wrists. Instead I reached behind her and unzipped her dress, needing access to all of her. Her strapless dress fell to the floor. Seconds later her strapless bra joined it.

I broke the kiss so I could look at her. I needed to see the beauty that was on display only for me. She didn't look away as my eyes devoured the image, but the smile playing on her lips let me know she wasn't going to stay quiet. "If you get a peep show, where's mine?"

"Are you going to say thank you if I take my shirt off again?"

"No, but I'll say thank you if you take off your pants and show me just how easy I am."

I wasn't expecting that kind of response. "You know you don't have to ask twice." I used my free hand to unbutton my shirt, and I released her wrists for half a second while I shrugged it off my shoulders. She used the new freedom to undo my belt and get rid of both my pants and boxers in one motion.

"Do I still get a thank you even though you did the work?" I teased with my lips inches from her breasts.

"I think you know what kind of thanks you can have."

I reluctantly stepped away from her long enough to retrieve a condom from my wallet. She was waiting for me, sitting on the bed. As soon as I unwrapped it she took it from me and slowly put it on. Safe sex had never been so hot. I gently pushed her back on the bed, but pulled her down so she was right on the edge. She wrapped her legs around me as I thrust into her. She closed her eyes, and I watched the pleasure swirl across her face. That expression was because of me. Having me inside of her made her feel that good, and I needed to make it even better. I needed to make her feel an ecstasy that no one had before.

I thrust harder and she moaned, biting down on her lip to keep quiet. I struggled to hold on, I couldn't ruin it for her, but she felt so good. She gasped, calling out my name before she put a hand over her mouth. Moments later I shuddered, finally releasing. I stayed inside her for a minute, unwilling to break the moment. We'd had good sex before, but this somehow felt different.

"Forget what I said before. You're not just amazing; you're the most amazing man on earth." She pulled me down on top of her.

I laughed. "Funny, I was just thinking the same thing about you."

"I hope you meant most amazing woman."

"Of course babe, there's no question what you are." I lightly grazed her nipple with my teeth. "And for the record, you're not easy, just irresistible."

"Wow, even after getting lucky you're still kissing up to me?"

"There's always the chance of getting lucky again later."

Chapter Twenty-One

Carly

Finding a florist able to fill the last minute request for twelve dozen roses took some work. I guess that wasn't a frequent request in a community like Corolla. I choked down any problem with the cost. Colin wouldn't care, and I was charging it to him. He wanted everything perfect for his proposal, and I was making sure that everything on my list was done exactly as he wanted.

After handing over Colin's payment information, I burst into an uncontrolled grin as I thought back on the previous night with Macon. He was everything, yet nothing, I expected. I'd been confident the sex would be good, but I'd never expected we'd connect the way we did. Physically and emotionally Macon got me in a way that other guys never had.

"Is that all?" the florist asked giving me a funny look.

"Yes, sorry." I waited as an employee, who looked like a younger version of the owner, walked out to my car with me. He helped me load all one hundred and forty-four roses into the backseat. I slipped him a two dollar tip. It wasn't much, but I was learning just how important tips could be.

My to-do list completed, I headed home, listening to my new favorite radio event-'80s Flashback Friday. It's amazing how your tastes can change.

"Hey babe," Macon pulled open the door as soon as my key turned in the lock.

I hugged him, taking a moment to inhale his post-shave smell. It was probably just the aftershave he used, but I loved the scent. "I've got twelve dozen roses cooking in the car, I need to get changed fast."

"Need my help?"

I put a hand on my hip. "Yes. Go sit in my car with it running so I don't kill the flowers. I'll be down in ten minutes."

He took the keys I held out to him. "Not exactly the help I was offering, but I'll do whatever my lady needs."

"Well, you know I may let you help with other things later if you do this for me now."

"As if I needed anymore persuasion." He kissed me gently.

I closed my eyes and opened them again. "I need to stay focused."

"Ok, I'll be good." He stepped back.

"Why am I nervous?" I asked the rhetorical question out loud.

"Because your brother is about to pop the most important question of his life."

"Ok. When you put it that way it makes sense."

"It's sweet how much you care. I hope Colin knows how lucky he is to have a sister like you."

"Well, he's already proven he's a great brother, so maybe this makes us even."

"I'll head down to the car and stay out of your way. See you in ten." Macon headed toward the front door.

Eight minutes later (I pride myself in getting ready quickly) I slipped into the passenger seat of my car. "Ok, all set."

"When you say ten minutes, you mean it."

"That can't surprise you. You're used to me."

"Used to you? No. I'll never be used to you. That makes it sound like you're not exciting. But no, I'm not surprised." He put a hand on my leg as he backed out of the spot.

"Do you think she expects anything?" I leaned back against the cloth seat. Macon didn't spend as much time with Maddy as he used to, but if anyone knew what she was thinking he would.

"No, but she finally told me."

"What?" I sat up with a start. "When? Why didn't you tell me she told you?"

"Earlier today. We had lunch and she spilled. She apologized for not telling me earlier."

"What did you say?" I crossed my fingers he hadn't let on he already knew.

"I didn't want to outright lie, so I just asked lots of questions."

"Did she say anything else? I need details."

He squeezed my knee. "She said she was dying to tell Colin, and that she was still trying to figure out how to do it."

"Well... at least his secret will be officially out before the end of the night."

"That it will."

Macon pulled into an employee spot in front of the Grille. I was technically not on the books to work that night, but Max had added me on so Maddy wouldn't be suspicious. Unlike Macon who hung out at the Grille just to annoy her, I didn't generally show up at work when I didn't have to.

"I'm going to go around back with these roses. I'll see you in a few." Macon kissed me on the cheek before I walked inside.

Mary grabbed my arm as soon as I walked in. "Isn't this exciting?" Her huge grin matched the tone of her voice. She was genuinely excited for Maddy.

"Very. I hope it all goes well." I smoothed out my hair. I hadn't taken the time to do much of anything with it.

"It will. Are you going to be out there with her?"

"Yeah. I'm telling her Max said I can shadow her for longer than usual."

"Nice. I'm going to make sure I get out there in time."

"Good. See you in a few."

She released my arm, and I walked off.

"Hey, Carly." Maddy looked up from the bar. She was putting a garnish on someone's drink. From what I'd learned from my favorite polo shirt wearing instructor, the drink was in an Old-Fashioned glass.

"Hey." I tried to keep my voice level. I didn't want to let on that I knew something big was coming.

"I'm glad you're here. It looks like it's going to be a large crowd tonight."

"Yeah, it's always crowded on Fridays." I checked to make sure the kegs were full the way Maddy explained I needed to do. I had to find something to do so I didn't lose my mind.

"But I guess Max found a new singer. He hadn't found anyone decent since Lyle left." She looked down when she mentioned the name of the musician who used to perform once a week at the Grille. She'd had a bit of a crush on him when she was already dating Colin. I'd called her out on it. It wasn't a huge deal, but it was probably the only awkward thing between us.

"Yeah? I can't wait to hear him or her."

"Hey, can I get a round of blow job shots?" a guy around our age asked.

I blushed. Maddy didn't blink. "Sure, one for each of you?"

"Yup, if you can manage." He grinned.

"You're so funny," I said sarcastically. For once I didn't feel like being quiet. No one was going to talk to Maddy inappropriately the night of her engagement.

He turned his leer to me. "Why don't you pour the shots, sugar?"

"Sugar? Seriously?" I raised an eyebrow. "Can't you think of a better one?"

"I knew you had it in you." Maddy laughed. "Why don't we make them together?"

Of course that got the guys howling. We turned our backs. And she pulled down two bottles. "It's just Bailey's and Kahlua."

"Then what makes it a blow job?"

"The whipped cream."

I made a face. "Why would guys order that?"

"To make us uncomfortable."

"Ah... I see."

She leaned in. "Don't worry. We'll make them uncomfortable right back."

I carefully measured out the liquors. I'd finally accepted that I didn't have a particularly accurate eye for measuring things. Maybe I'd learn eventually. Maddy covered all four with whipped cream.

She set them down in front of them. "All right, you guys only get them if you take them the right way."

I covered my mouth with my hand. Oh my.

"Can't you show us how that works, hun?" the ring leader asked.

"She's hun and not sugar? I guess I should feel special."

Maddy nudged me. I was on a role. "Nope. You ordered them."

The guy cocked an eyebrow. "What? You really want to see how good I am with my mouth?"

I was dying, seriously dying. This was too much.

Maddy leaned forward. "Yes, as a matter of fact we do."

"I'll show you."

"Camera," Maddy mouthed and nodded toward the back of the bar. I got the hint and found what she was hinting at. One of those old school instant develop cameras sat on the bottom shelf.

I got ready. As soon as the guy bent down to take the shot with his mouth I took a picture. I took another right after to show the whipped cream mustache.

He wiped his mouth. "Hey!"

I laughed. And held up the pictures that were starting to develop. "Maybe you can find a better use for your mouth later."

His friends laughed at him.

He wiped his mouth again even though the residue of the whipped topping was gone. "Maybe I can find a better use of yours."

Maddy stared him down. "I don't think her boyfriend would like that." She winked at me.

The guy leaned over the bar. "I don't see him."

"I do." I saw Macon and decided to play along. I had a feeling Maddy had found out about our secret relationship anyhow. I moved around the bar and ran into Macon's arms, planting a huge kiss on his lips.

He kissed me back, laughing as I pulled back. "Miss me already?"

"Just making a point." I took his hand as I led him back over to the bar. "See, my mouth is very well used."

Macon looked between the guys, three of which still had untouched shots with the whipped cream melting. "Uh, do I want to know what that's in reference to?"

"No, you don't," Maddy quickly answered.

"Okay, I'll trust you on that."

"Want your usual?" She asked.

"Yes, but I want your cute partner here to make it for me."

The annoying guy looked at Macon and then at me before shaking his head. "You guys are seriously weird." He put some cash down, and they walked off.

"Somehow I doubt they left a big tip," I laughed.

"No... but it was worth it."

Macon examined one of the shots. "Wait, did those guys order blow jobs from you?"

"Yeah... and our girl here totally put them in their place. I knew she was a natural."

I picked up the untouched shots and poured them out in the sink. "Or you're just a really good teacher."

"Hey, you're the one taking bartending classes with her."

"Speaking of which, where's my Long Island, woman?"

"Woman?" I put a hand on my hip. "You didn't just say that."

"Yes I did." He smirked. I knew he was irking me on purpose, but sometimes it worked too well.

"Maybe you should make your own."

"Carly, are you asking a paying customer to make his own drink?" Max took an empty stool.

I pulled down the triple sec. I'd have to double check with Maddy on which rum, vodka, and gin to use. "Is Macon really a paying customer?"

"He better be." Max attempted to give us all a serious look, but he ended up breaking into a smile. "More importantly, how's the bartending practice going? You ready for a test?"

"Uh, Maybe." Was he really going to make me do this tonight? I was already a bundle of nerves over the proposal.

"If you can manage Macon's Long Island I'd say that's good enough for tonight. Hopefully when I ask you next time I'll get a resounding yes."

I laughed. "I hope so." I made a mental note to spend more time quizzing myself with my drink app.

"When's the new musician starting?" Maddy poured a few glasses of wine and walked back over.

"Any minute now."

"Where'd you find him?" She pressed.

"It turns out he's been here all along." Max stood up. "I'll see you kids later." He shot us an 'oh crap' look and hurried off.

"What was that all about?" Maddy asked.

"No idea." Macon ran his fingers over a scratch in the bar top. "So, is there any way for a guy to get a drink around here?"

I laughed. "Sure. I can't promise it's going to be as good as Maddy's, but it's going to be better than last time."

Macon chuckled. "That's not saying much."

I glared at him. "Do you want a drink or not?"

"Of course I do, but I'm winning tonight."

"Are you guys still playing the 'who can piss each other off more game?'" Maddy shook her head. "I'd have thought once you started sleeping together that would have lost its appeal."

Macon turned to her. "Don't you get it, it's gained appeal."

"Umm, what are you talking about?" I shot Macon a look. Maybe she hadn't figured it out on her own.

"Oh, I forget to tell you. Maddy admitted to knowing that earlier today."

I resisted the urge to hit him upside the head.

"Ok, let's drop it. Carly, what can I do to help?"

I decided to let it go. No reason to cause any problems that night. "I think I've got this." I felt a sudden surge of confidence, and I decided to embrace it.

A few minutes later I set what I hoped was a perfectly mixed Long Island iced tea down in front of Macon. Of course in the time I made that one drink Maddy had mixed at least four, but I refused to compare myself to her.

Macon took a sip. "Nice going, babe."

"Yay!" I jumped up and down.

Maddy patted me on the back. "See, I told you you'd get there."

A large crowd came over, and I helped Maddy out as best I could.

"Could you cut up some limes for me?"

"Sure." I'd messed that up the first time she'd asked me to do. I hadn't realized that limes and lemons have to be cut differently. This time I got it right, and she thanked me before serving a round of Coronas.

I was so busy with the drinks I'd forgotten to look for Colin. Because of that I was as surprised as Maddy when I heard his voice over the microphone.

"Hey everyone, I'm Colin and I've got a song to sing to someone special."

Maddy set aside the tequilla she was holding and walked around the bar. "What? Colin's going to sing?"

"You haven't heard him sing before have you?"

"No. I thought he just wrote songs. He never sings them."

"Then you're in for a treat." I leaned back against the back counter.

Colin started in on his newest song, Hard to Get. It was obviously all about Maddy. It had his signature mix of sweetness and humor, and I knew Maddy was going to love it.

"Oh my god." Maddy wiped a few tears off her face.

"I didn't know Colin could sing that well," Macon whispered.

"Yeah, we've got some musical genes in the family." I came around to sit next to him.

"Can you sing too?"

"Yeah, and I play piano. Kim plays both guitar and piano of course."

"Wait. Don't tell me. Did you guys have one of those sibling bands?"

"Really, Macon?"

"What?" He held up his hands in front of him in defense. "I could see it."

I laughed, and turned back to watch Colin finish the song.

Colin set down his guitar and walked over to Maddy. "I have something really important to ask you."

I leaned forward on my stool. Macon grabbed my hand. I noticed Brody standing off to the side with a smile.

"Yes?" Maddy asked tentatively.

"Will you do me the honor of becoming my wife?" He fell down to one knee and opened the box.

Of course the entire crowd started cheering and clapping. Max and Mary came over, and we all watched with anticipation.

Maddy teared up and nodded. "Yes."

Colin slid the ring on her finger and pulled her into a hug.

"I'm pregnant." She said the words loudly enough that the nearest members of the crowd could hear. There were quite a few gasps.

"You're what?" Colin's eyes widened, and I hoped with everything I had that he didn't act like an idiot and screw everything up.

"I'm pregnant." Maddy repeated herself, but this time she looked down.

He put a hand under her chin and made her look at him. "How pregnant?" He looked at her wide eyed. "Wait, you know what we can discuss that later. This is a good thing. We're getting married and having a kid... life's moving in the right direction."

I squeezed Macon's hand. "Wow, that was a nice save, and finally there's no more secrets."

"There's still one."

"No. Not tonight, Macon."

"Yeah... I'm just going to get this over with so we can all get back to normal."

"Nope. No way." I cut Macon off before he could get to my brother. I hugged him. "Congratulations!"

"Thanks. It looks like you're going to be an aunt, huh?"

"Yeah..."

"Why aren't you more surprised?" Understanding crossed his face. "You knew. That's why you pushed me to propose this week."

"Wait, what?" Maddy asked. "Is that why you told me to wait before I told him?"

Macon slipped an arm around my shoulder. "Yes, to both of those questions. Carly was trying to make everything perfect for you."

"I can't believe you kept that from me." Colin seemed to be talking to himself.

"I'm sleeping with Carly," Macon blurted out.

My heart stopped. Had he seriously told my brother just like that?

"Well, she is your girlfriend now, isn't she?" Colin smiled.

Macon and I both looked at Maddy. "You told him?"

She shook his head, and Colin smiled. "I had a hunch, and Brody confirmed my suspicion."

"Where is Brody anyhow?" Maddy glanced around.

"He's around here." I knew exactly what he was getting ready. It went hand in hand with the roses Macon had set up.

"What's going on?" Maddy glanced around.

"This way, babe." Colin led her back inside. I followed with Macon right behind me.

The top of the bar was covered with red roses, and in the center was a large plate of chocolate covered strawberries. Colin said they were her favorite.

"This is the first spot I ever saw you. It's also the spot where you finally said yes to going out on a date with me."

Maddy smiled and started crying again. I'm sure she was on emotion overload. "You're so sweet."

"I'm so lucky to have you. I can't believe how close I came to losing you last year-and I promise you are always going to come first. Our family will always come first."

My heart was going to burst. I was so incredibly happy for them.

"Should we give them some privacy?" Macon whispered. That's when I realized the whole main dining area and bar area was empty. Max had cleared it out.

"Sure. Let's go." I slipped my hand into Macon's before taking one more glance over my shoulder at the happy newly engaged couple.

Chapter Twenty-Two

Carly

The moment of truth arrived all too quickly. After a quick test where I could tell Max was going easy on me (half of it involved simple shots), Max decided I was ready to run my own bar. I'd expected to spend more time working downstairs first, but he wanted me to be the first one to work the upstairs bar, and I wasn't going to argue with him. I was lucky he was giving me the chance.

I dressed up my usual work attire with my favorite three inch red heels. Those shoes always made me feel sexy, and even if no one could see them with me behind the bar, they might help me mentally. Maddy had convinced me that her bartending confidence was all about attitude. She'd been right about everything else so far, so I decided to believe her.

I arrived at work over an hour before I had to just so I'd have time to get ready. I checked on the supplies and the kegs before I went through the most popular drinks in my head. I was determined that I wasn't going to have to look anything up unless I was completely desperate. Still, to be safe I had my app ready to go. I also had Maddy's number ready on speed dial. She was working outside that night, but she promised she'd listen for her phone. I was seriously getting the best sister-in-law.

I scanned the bottles lining the wall. I wanted to make sure I knew exactly where everything was.

"Hey, beautiful." Macon wrapped his arms around my waist from behind.

"What are you doing here?" I turned in his arms. I hoped he hadn't showed up to rile me up. I wasn't sure I could handle it.

"I'm here to help of course."

"To help?" I hadn't even considered asking him to help. He'd suffered through weeks of the online course and drink quizzing. He'd definitely done his boyfriend duties.

"Yeah. I told you I was going to help you with this."

"Yeah-by sitting through those bartending classes with me."

"Well, I'm here tonight too. I figure I'll be able to distract the female customers while you work. You're mostly going to be on your own with the men."

"Is the thought of my boyfriend flirting with other women supposed to make me feel better?"

"Who said I was going to flirt? All I need to do is smile and look pretty."

I groaned. "Not everyone likes to sit around and admire you all day."

"Nope, that's just what I want to do to you."

"Just stare?"

"Of course not." He moved behind me, wrapping his arms around my waist again. "You know the kind of things I want to do to you."

My breathing picked up. "If I make it through tonight, do I get to find out?"

His hands slid lower, eventually cupping my ass. "Of course. We'll get through the evening."

I turned in his arms and kissed him lightly on the lips. "You really are the best."

"Remember that next time I do something stupid. Maybe we can count this as a preemptive get out of jail free card."

I laughed. "Were you planning to do something bad?"

"No, but I'm sure I'll mess up eventually. It's bound to happen."

"Thank you."

"You're welcome... and just so you know, contrary to what Maddy tells you, I'm not here to make sure guys don't hit on you." He grinned.

I raised an eyebrow. "Oh yeah? Maddy might think so?"

"She might, but that's really not why I'm here."

"Does it make me anti-feminist if that doesn't bother me?"

"No, it makes you a good girlfriend. You don't like having other guys hit on you. That's a good thing."

"Your flirtations are more than enough."

"I know."

I laughed. "Okay, let's do this."

"Too bad we can't have a drink first."

"Nope. No drinking on the job."

My first customer was Colin. You've got to love a big brother who shows up exactly at the right minute to put you at ease.

He had a big goofy grin on his face, and I knew something was up.

"Why are you smiling?

"I got you something." He pulled a vase of purple lilies from behind his back. "I think these are still your favorite."

"Aww, thanks Colin!" I walked around the bar to give him a hug.

"Of course, but I think you might like the first night gift your boyfriend got you better."

"What gift?" I turned back around where Macon stood with his own goofy grin. "I'll show you later."

"Okay... if you insist." I fake pouted. Knowing there was a surprise waiting might help me make it through what I knew would be a busy night.

I thanked Colin for the flowers by mixing him a perfect Manhattan without him having to tell me what he wanted. I could thank Maddy for that little tip.

He sipped the drink. "Nice job, little sis."

"You can go watch Maddy if you want. I'm sure you'd rather be out there." I knew he was especially worried about Maddy bartending now that she was pregnant.

"I can stay here if you want."

"I have back up." I patted Macon's arm.

"You do. I'll see you later." Colin waved before heading back down the stairs.

Busy was the understatement of the century. Max must have done some serious PR work getting the word out about the new bar, because I'd never seen so many people in one place. With the picturesque view of the water, I could understand the draw.

"There's no way I could have done this on my own," I whispered.

"And there's no way you would have had to. I told Max I'd be here. Otherwise he'd have been up here himself. You know that."

"All right, let's do this."

I got lucky at first. I served about a dozen beers before someone asked for a mixed drink. Thankfully it was one I knew well because I loved them, a Cosmo. I decided the girl wouldn't mind if I put my own twist on the garnish, and I added a flower petal.

"Thanks." She took the drink and walked off with her boyfriend. I tried to look over people's heads so I could watch her drink it.

"She's smiling, you're good." Macon patted my back lightly. His height came in handy.

Things picked up even more, and Macon and I were bumping into each other trying to keep up. I messed up once giving a guy a whiskey on the rocks when he wanted it neat, but that was more about the noise level than anything else. At least that was an easy fix-I just poured a new one.

Around midnight I thought I was about to pass out. I'd never worked so hard in my life. I grabbed a bottle of water and downed it. I hadn't realized how dehydrated I'd become. Max appeared through the crowd. "Why don't you head home? I have this."

"Did I do something wrong?" I slipped off my shoes for a moment. They may have made me feel sexy, but they weren't particularly comfortable.

"Of course not, but I'd rather you still want to come back tomorrow night."

"Are you sure?" I felt bad deserting, but he was my boss, he had the final say.

"Absolutely. I haven't been behind the bar in a while. I'm looking forward to it."

I would have doubted him if it wasn't for the smile on his face as he moved behind the bar. I grabbed my vase of lilies and let Macon lead me through the crowds and out back to the Tiki bar.

"Hey!" Maddy called over the loud music.

"I did it!"

Colin laughed and pulled me into a hug. "I'm strangely proud."

"Strangely?"

"I never thought I'd be proud of my sister for bartending, but you set your mind to it and learned something new. That's a cool thing."

"In other words I'm rubbing off on him." Maddy grinned.

I hugged her over the bar. "Thanks for all the help, Maddy. Max said we could head out."

"Have fun."

I stepped back. "I think I'm going right to bed."

"Uh huh," Maddy arched an eyebrow and pointed to Macon. "Are you so sure about that?"

I laughed. "My brother's here."

"Yes I am." Colin crossed his arms.

"And we're leaving. Night, guys." Macon waved before leading me back through the bar and out to the car.

We were already back at the condo when I remembered Macon had a gift for me.

"Do I get to find out what my present is yet?" I kissed him on the cheek.

"Absolutely." He took my hand and led me down the hall to my room. That was a change as we always slept in his room. I was about to say something when I saw the envelope on my dresser. I quickly opened it. "Dan Croll tickets! How? This show sold out months ago."

"I have my ways."

"Thank you!" I hugged him around the neck.

"You can thank me by taking me with the second ticket."

"Was that even a question?"

"Hey... you never know."

"Are we sleeping in here tonight?" I gestured to my bed.

"Do you mind that we don't?" He glanced at the tiny mattress.

"No. I prefer your giant bed to this one anyway."

"Same here, plus this still feels like Maddy's room to me."

"I get that." I held the tickets and walked out into the hall.

"How happy are you with me right now?" His voice came from right behind me.

"Very."

"Happy enough that you'd join me in the shower?"

"What's with you and asking questions you already know the answer to?" I reached back and grabbed him through his pants.

"Hey, it's dangerous to assume. It's always worth asking."

"Can I ask a question then, too?"

"Of course."

"What are you waiting for?"

"Nothing." He picked me up and threw me over his shoulders. "I finally get to say I took the bartender home."

I laughed. "I took the bartender home too."

"That you did." He set me down in the bathroom, closed the door, and turned on the water.

While he was distracted I completely undressed. He turned back and grinned. "And look, my present came unwrapped."

"Mine didn't." I set to work undressing him completely.

Chapter Twenty-Three

Macon

Brody was the only guy who'd have ever been able to convince me to drink Pabst beer. The first time we'd gone out fishing he'd insisted on it. Evidently it had been a tradition when he went fishing with his brothers, and I decided to be a good sport and go along with it. Two years later, I couldn't imagine a day of fishing without it. Fishing was really the only "guy" thing we did together. We'd done it on a whim one day when he first moved in, and it had become a semi-regular thing for us.

The sun way already high in the sky by the time we pulled the canoe out. Usually we left early in the morning, but I'd had trouble leaving my bed again. When you have a girl like Carly begging you to stay a few more minutes, it can take an army, or in my case an annoyed roommate, to pull you out of the sheets. I left the condo with a promise that Carly would be around that night. She'd been spending more time with Maddy lately. Combined with the extra shifts she was working now that she was bartending, and the fact that I worked days rather than nights, finding time together could be tough.

"Think we're going to catch anything today?" Brody stretched out as much as he could in the canoe.

"Maybe. Either way, I'm glad you dragged me out here."

"I know she's prettier than me, but man it's hard to pry the two of you apart."

"She's a hell of a lot prettier than you." I took a long sip of my beer.

"Yeah, I'm not going to argue there."

"So what's going on with you? I feel like all you've been doing is working."

"I'm trying to save up a little until I figure out what to do next."

"Do next? Were you planning on doing something different?"

"Aren't you? I know you own the place, but are you going to stay out here when Caleb takes over the shop?" Brody wasn't the type to beat around the bush.

"I have no clue." I had no idea how I could rationalize staying around if I didn't have a job at the shop.

"I guess the better question is whether Carly's sticking around."

"Who knows? It's not like we've been together long." It sure didn't feel that way though.

"Yet she's slept in your bed almost every night for weeks now."

"I can't get enough of her. She makes everything seem better, like I'm not a complete fuck up."

"You're not a fuck up. Did you decide what to do with Wharton? Aren't you out of deferrals now?"

"I'm not going."

"You do understand that getting an MBA would help you with more than just your family business."

"I just don't want it anymore."

"Then what do you want? Other than Carly and spending your life diving?"

"I have no clue. I'll figure something out." I tried not to think about it anymore than I had to.

"Same here. My parents are bugging me to go home. My brother Gavin thinks I should move to Wilmington where he is."

"He's the one getting married, right?"

"Yeah. He's coaching a minor league baseball team and someone's wife owns a restaurant he thinks I should work at while I go to culinary school."

"Wouldn't that be a good opportunity?"

"In theory, but I don't know, I just want to do something on my own I guess. My family's great and all, but they can get overbearing."

"And he probably just wants you around so you can babysit when they inevitably get pregnant in the next few years." I let some cynicism slip in.

"Speaking of pregnant-Maddy's really having a baby, huh?"

"Looks that way. She seems surprisingly excited about it."

"It's not that surprising. She loves Colin."

"Yeah, but she's the one who usually overthinks everything."

"I guess this comes more naturally." Brody cast his line.

"I guess so. Maddy a mom. Seems crazy."

"Right now I'm going to focus on the fact that she's getting married. That's crazy enough."

"Have they set a date yet? She told me her parents took all the news well."

"They did. Her parents are cooler than she'd let you believe, and they like Colin. Maddy's trying to convince Colin to do something really small though. He's convinced she's only pushing for that because she's pregnant, but I think it's actually what she wants."

"Are you going to talk to him?"

"I'm going to let Carly take care of that. Colin usually listens to her."

Brody laughed. "Yeah, let your girlfriend do the hard job."

I shrugged. "She doesn't seem to mind. I think she likes being part of everything."

"What's the deal with her family? I never wanted to ask, but I'm guessing you know."

"It's all sorts of messed up. All I'm going to say is that if I ever see her brother-in-law he's going to get hurt."

"That bad, huh?"

"That bad." I pulled off my t-shirt. The sun was roasting.

"You're going to get sunburn."

"You sound like Carly."

"Yeah, but unlike Carly I'm not going to help you with the aloe."

I chuckled. "Yeah, that's what Carly would say too."

***

Three hours was a really long drive to go to a show, but I knew how much Carly loved the group. We'd decided to get a hotel in Virginia Beach for the night, and I was looking forward to it. As much as I loved having Brody as a roommate, I was looking forward to some more privacy for a change.

"What's your view on listening to a band on your way to go see them, yay or nay?" Carly sat happily in the passenger seat. She was dressed in my favorite dress. It was navy blue and shorter than she usually wore. I mentioned how good she looked in it, and she seemed to be wearing it a lot more. I enjoyed knowing I had that kind of influence more than I'd have admitted out loud.

"I've never considered that important question before. There's always the risk of getting tired of the music before you get there, but could you even get tired of listening to Dan Croll?"

"Never." She turned on her Bluetooth and the music blared through the radio. I smiled to myself. Sometimes Carly was so easy to please.

I'd been expecting a large venue, but the show was in a really intimate place off the beaten path. My interest in watching the show rose exponentially. I always preferred when you got to be up close to the performers. There was something so much more satisfying about it. Being that close made it worth the price and effort of seeing them live.

"I'm so excited!" Carly stepped up on her tippy toes trying to see over the people in front of us as we waited in line.

"There's nothing to see yet, babe."

"I know."

"Then why are you trying so hard?" I teased. I loved how excited she was, it made the drive seem like nothing.

We turned over our tickets and walked in, ordering some drinks before making our way closer to the stage. Carly watched the bartender like a hawk while he mixed them.

The opening act was surprisingly good, and I found a comfortable spot with Carly leaning against me. Standing room only wasn't bad when it involved Carly in close proximity.

She got so into the music. She sang along to the songs as her body moved against mine.

Carly suddenly froze. "Let's go."

"What? He's not even done with the first set. What's wrong?"

"Please. Let's go."

"Are you sure?" I looked at her nervously. Something had spooked her, but I had no idea what.

She took my hand and pulled me toward the door. We got stuck in a crowd by the bathrooms, but made it out to the lobby. The music was faint outside the main doors.

"Running away from me, Carly?" A voice called.

She squeezed my hand, and I turned around. I came face to face with a guy in his mid-to late twenties. "Who the fuck are you?"

He ignored me and focused on Carly. "Just like when we were kids, you always spied on me and ran away."

Carly turned. "I wasn't spying on you. I'm obviously here with someone. And if I find out you're here with someone God help you, asshole."

Whoa. Carly didn't curse much. Whoever the hell this punk was he'd rubbed her the wrong way.

"Oh yeah? Are you going to go crying to Kim again? Look at what good that did last time. Just made a mess of things for all of us."

Kim? A light bulb went off. This was her brother-in-law. "Don't even talk to her, you jackass."

"I see you found yourself a new friend. How long's he going to last? You were never good at keeping boys around, were you? Even in high school you always scared them off."

"What the hell would you know? You were in college by the time I was in high school."

"That didn't stop you from chasing after me back then."

"Shut up, Jasper. I was a kid. Now if you'll excuse us, we're leaving."

"Leaving?" He laughed dryly. "The show's barely started."

"And you successfully managed to ruin it for her. Don't say another word."

"Who the hell are you to tell me what to do?"

"Her boyfriend. Now get lost."

"Boyfriend? Well let me do you a favor, cut your losses. She's just a little tease. She's not worth your time."

"What did you just say?"

"She's a tease. Always has been, always will be. She fucks everything up, and even her family knows it."

"Oh yeah? Is that why you were hitting on her? Coming on to your wife's little sister, real classy."

"I was only offering Carly what she'd wanted for years."

I looked at Carly. I was so tempted to punch the asshole, but I was also realizing there was so much more to the story. Either way, none of it was Carly's fault. I knew that.

"Let's go." I took her hand. "Let's catch the rest of the show." I wasn't going to let the idiot ruin our night.

"Not yet." She squeezed my hand. "There's something I need to say."

"Is there?" He sneered. "Is this where you finally confess what we both already know. If it weren't for Colin none of us would be in this mess."

Colin? He was involved too? I forced myself to stay quiet. Carly was holding my hand. If she wanted me to get involved I would, but right now I needed to just support her.

"Colin was protecting me, the way a brother should."

"No. Colin screwed things up. You felt the same things I did. Don't even try to lie."

"Did I have a crush on you back then? Yeah, but what girl doesn't crush on her older brother's best friend at some point? It's human nature."

Brother's best friend? Whoa.

"It was more than a crush, and it went both ways."

"It was a crush. I was sixteen and stupid. Colin did the right thing keeping you away. And what, six months later you were dating Kim? Clearly you didn't care that much."

"Didn't you ever wonder why?"

"Wonder why? No. You ended up with the perfect one. The one who did everything right. I hated Kim for a year when you guys got engaged, but then I realized I was being stupid. She deserved to be happy, and if it was with you, then fine."

"The perfect one? Not quite. Do you realize how hard it's been for me? All those stupid family events when you'd show up with shmucks like this one just to piss me off."

I bit down the response I wanted to make.

"I wasn't trying to piss you off. I'd moved on. You were married to my sister. My sister, who also happens to be the sister of your best friend."

"We're not friends anymore. You know that."

"That's your own fault. What did you expect him to do?"

"Back us up. He's the reason we're in this position."

"Stop saying that. You're in this position because you're a jerk."

"How am I a jerk? You spent that whole night watching me. You kept giving me those looks of yours, and you wanted me to follow you home."

"No. I had absolutely no interest in sleeping with my sister's husband. I'm not that kind of person, and frankly I can't believe you've become that type either."

"Don't act like I'm a monster. It's not like I'm sleeping around on her. Although she thinks I am. You went and told and now she's checking my phone records, and I swear she's hired a PI."

"You came on to me, Jasper. You tried to talk me into having sex with you when you were married to my sister. I never said you were a monster, but you're a jerk. You tried to guilt trip me, play on my insecurities. You know how much I wish I was Kim, how I wish I could be half as successful and perfect as her, but I'll never be. Go home. You're lucky she kept you in her life. She sure as heck didn't keep me." Tears spilled down Carly's face, and I'd had enough.

"Just admit it, Carly. You're in love with me." He stepped closer to her. "You always have been."

"No." Carly wiped away her tears and stood up straighter. "I'm not."

He leered at her. "We'll see what you say when I see you without your boyfriend next time."

My fist made contact with his face without me thinking about it. His words were the last straw.

Security moved toward us at lightning speed. They watched us, clearly deciding how to intervene.

"We're leaving." Carly held up her hand, and they backed off. "He was just protecting me."

She grabbed hold of my hand and rushed toward where we parked. We didn't speak until we were in the car and on our way back home. Fuck the hotel, I just wanted to get away from this place. I could tell she was upset. She tried to hide them, but I noticed the tears. I wanted to give her time before asking any questions.

She put a hand on my leg. "Thank you."

"You never told me the backstory." I wasn't mad, she didn't owe the whole story to me, but I wished she'd trusted me enough to tell me everything.

"I didn't want you to think even less of me."

"Why would I think less? That just makes the guy even more of a creep. He went after you when you were sixteen."

She turned to look out the window.

"He didn't. I mean I'm hoping when he said tease that means you didn't sleep with him back then."

"No... we came close, but you heard what he said about Colin."

"My respect for your brother just rose again."

"I still don't get why she married him. She'd never liked him growing up. I was the one who did."

"Maybe that's exactly it. She wanted to prove she could have him."

She turned to look at me. "But why? What did that matter?"

"I don't know Kim, but maybe she feels the same way about you that you feel about her. Maybe she's jealous of you."

"That's impossible." Carly slumped down in her seat.

"No, babe, it's completely possible."

"I'm sorry this night was such a mess."

"I'm sorry-I shouldn't have punched him. We should have just gone back in."

"I'm glad you did. I wish I'd had the courage to do that myself." She stared down at her hands in her lap.

"You were awesome, Carly. You stood up for yourself and didn't back down. I'm glad I was able to witness that."

"Do you want me to drive? You drove so much today already."

"No, I just want to know you're okay."

"I'm fine." She squeezed my arm. "I have you."

My heart swelled. This amazingly beautiful girl found strength and comfort from me. Maybe I wasn't completely worthless.

"Tell me about your childhood. It had to have been more interesting than mine." She traced small circles on my arm.

"Are you sure about that? Your late teens kind of sound like they belong on a TV show."

"Very funny. Come on, what were you like? That first night down on the beach you told me you weren't always cool. Were you a nerd?"

I put my arm behind her seat. "A nerd? No. More like a geek."

"Is there a difference?"

"Yes. A nerd is all bookish. A geek is just into geeky things. And I was the kind of geek who didn't look like one on the surface." I passed a slow moving truck before settling back into the right lane. I wasn't in a huge rush, but I was ready to get Carly home.

"Really? No glasses?"

"I had glasses, but they made me look cute, not geeky."

"So you say."

"Just ask Maddy."

"I had braces for five years."

"Really? I can't even picture that."

"Yup. The first time I made out with a guy I cut his lip."

I laughed. "Seriously? You were a dangerous kisser?"

"I guess so. Looks like you met me at a better time."

"I think we met each other at the perfect time."

"Me too." She leaned into my arm, and I turned up the music. We didn't have to worry about listening to too much Dan Croll.

Chapter Twenty-Four

Carly

As I stood on the shore preparing for my first dive, I was questioning my unwavering faith in Macon. Brody had come with us supposedly for moral support, but I think he was doing it to make sure I didn't chicken out. In some things I was fearless, but scuba diving wasn't one of those. I wasn't afraid of the ocean and was a decent swimmer, but I didn't like the idea of my breathing being completely dependent on a tank. What if something went wrong? Macon had reassured me he'd be with me every step of the way, but I was still nervous. I knew I could just say no, but I didn't want to. Hiding from my fears wouldn't make them go away. Besides, diving was Macon's passion. If for no other reason, I needed to try for him.

"All right. This is a good spot." Macon started handing me all sorts of gear. It was go time. No turning back. I took the advice Maddy had given me: deep breaths and a positive attitude. I wasn't sure that advice applied specifically to scuba diving, but it would probably work in most situations.

"I'm going to be watching the whole time. I promise that even if you don't trust Macon, I'm here." Brody was of course joking, but he had to be one of the nicest guys I'd ever met. After a few months of living with him, I still couldn't quite comprehend how he was single. Maybe it was by choice. I was dying to know what held him back, and I hoped to learn more, but right before diving into the ocean didn't seem like the best time. I was already panicked enough. Three more deep breaths did nothing to calm me down. I shivered underneath my wet suit even though I was dry and the sun was out.

"Okay, you have to breathe, Carly." Macon put his hands on both of my arms. "I already told you that's the most important thing. Today we're going to be in shallow water so it's not a huge deal, but on a deeper dive it's more important."

"What he means is that on a deeper dive it could kill you." Brody chuckled.

"Kill me?" I stepped back from Macon, ready to throw the mask and snorkel at both of them.

"Thanks, asshole." Macon glared at Brody.

"Sorry, I couldn't resist. Just kiss her Macon. That might speed up her heart, but it will probably get rid of her nerves." Brody winked.

"No. That's okay. No need to do that now."

Macon grinned. "I think that's a great idea."

Two seconds later his lips were on mine, two minutes later I was underwater. Admittedly we were in fairly shallow water, but I was doing it. I was putting faith in Macon and the equipment. He was right, it was remarkably easy to breathe through the regulator when you stayed calm.

I didn't see anything at first. The water was murky from the sand, but eventually I got used to the sensation and noticed a few fish. Wildlife aside, I was doing it. I was diving.

We didn't stay under for long.

"I did it!" I wrapped my arms around Macon's neck as soon as we surfaced.

He laughed. "Yes you did, babe."

"Aren't you proud of me?"

"Yes, very." He rested his hands on my hips. "So proud I'm going to insist you get your certification so we can really start diving together."

"You're pushing it."

"Am I?"

"At least let me revel in the excitement tonight."

He laughed. "Okay."

We celebrated my first taste of scuba diving by going out for ice cream. We walked down the beach eating overflowing waffle cones. Macon had insisted I get three scoops. I usually didn't even finish the single. I preferred the cone to the ice cream anyway.

"I can't believe it's August." I hated to even think about how fast the summer was going, but ignoring it wasn't going to help either. It's not that we'd ever really discussed what was going to happen at the end of the summer, but we all knew things were going to change.

"Tell me about it. This summer is flying by." Brody polished off all but the last bits of his ice cream. He'd gone with mint chip.

"Can I just ask the question that no one's asking?" I licked some of the chocolate chip cookie dough on my cone.

"You can ask anything, doesn't mean I'll answer." Macon took a bite of my ice cream even though he had plenty of his chocolate left.

"Is there an eviction date or something? Do I get kicked out on a certain day?"

"You do realize you're sleeping with the landlord, right?" Brody half laugh, half snorted. "I doubt you're getting kicked to the curb anytime soon."

"Why are you worrying about this now?" Macon slung an arm over my shoulder.

"Because I still don't know where I'll go."

"And you honestly think I'm going to throw you out?" He gaped at me.

"No, of course not, but if you're leaving..."

"Brody, can you give us a minute?" Macon gave him a knowing look.

"Sure. Meet you back at the car in a few." Brody took off down the beach.

"I'm not disappearing on you. I'm not using you. I'm not getting bored. I have no idea what I'm going to be doing, but that doesn't mean I don't plan to still be with you."

"Okay. That's what I needed to hear."

"Good. Now get back to work on that cone, it's starting to melt and we're not going home until you're done."

"I'm not finishing this whole thing."

"Why not?"

I stared at the monstrous mound of ice cream. "Because it's huge."

"I thought you liked huge things."

I pushed his side. "Don't start, Macon."

"What? I'm taking about how much you love big cars."

"I told you I want a mini coupe."

"Okay, bad example."

"Stop while you're ahead." I licked my ice cream again. "And if I were you I'd help me finish this cone."

"And why's that?"

"Because I'm still hyped up over that dive. I want to get out my energy."

"Does getting out energy involve me?"

"I'd like for it too."

"Then, give me that." He grabbed my cone. "Let's go find Brody and get out of here."

Chapter Twenty-Five

Macon

Get here now. Carly needs you.

Maddy's text nearly gave me a heart attack. I'd just gotten in my car to head home after work. Before starting the car I texted back. Where?

Colin's.

I didn't waste any more time asking questions. I pulled out of the lot and onto the road. I didn't get far. The traffic was horrible. With only one major road, high traffic times were a problem at the beach. Waiting wasn't going to work. If Carly needed me I was going to get there-fast. I was still close enough to work I could get my car back. I drove over the curb and parked my car on the sidewalk. It would be quicker to run at the rate I was going.

My mind ran a million miles a minute. What could be going on? If Carly needed me she normally would have texted me herself. Why did Maddy have to do it?

I was sweaty as all hell by the time Colin's place finally came into sight. I ran up the driveway. There was an unfamiliar car parked out front. I ran right to the front door and didn't even bother to knock.

"I don't understand why you're supporting your sister making such a stupid decision. You know as well as we do that running away is never the answer."

I walked into the living room just in time to catch a middle aged man going off on Colin. The familiar resemblance left no question that it was his father.

Carly stood huddled in the corner of the room with her arms wrapped around her chest. She hadn't noticed me enter.

"I support Carly. That's more than what you can say." Colin glared at his father.

I took in the room. The dad had his arm resting on the leg of a woman that I assumed was their mother.

"We support all of our children, but we can't just gloss over what she did to Kim."

"What I did to Kim?" Carly stood, her eyes blazing with anger. "I did nothing."

"Are you really going to keep this up? Something happened with you and Jasper."

"Yes. Something did. He came on to me, and I said no." She clenched her teeth.

"Are you sure you made that clear?" her father asked.

I didn't think. I just stormed into the room. "Are you really going to talk to your own daughter that way?"

"And who are you?" Her dad eyed me with disdain. I'm sure I looked like hell, but I didn't care.

I walked across the room and put an arm around Carly. "I'm Carly's boyfriend."

She glanced up at me. A look of relief crossed her face.

"Boyfriend? Carly doesn't have a boyfriend," her mother said snidely.

"You'd know she did if you actually bothered to talk to her once in a while." Colin glared.

"Is this why you asked to speak to us? You wanted us to see Carly was playing around with some guy at the beach?"

Playing around? I would have gone off on Carly's dad if she hadn't squeezed my hand. She wanted me to stay out of it.

"No. That's not what I wanted to talk about, and I didn't ask you to come here. I told you I'd come to you."

"We decided to surprise you." The mother turned back to Carly and me. "And what do you do? Are you also wasting your time?"

"I knocked up Maddy." The entire room went quiet after the words left Colin's mouth. Maddy looked pale as a ghost.

"Excuse me?" his mom asked.

"You heard me. Lay off Carly. Let's talk about me."

Maddy buried her face in her hands. I knew she was annoyed, but Colin had actually just jumped about a thousand respect points in my book. He threw me a look, and I knew what to do. I tugged on Carly's hand and headed toward the door.

"Pregnant? Are you really that irresponsible?"

"They're getting married. Congratulate them." Carly spoke just loudly enough that her parents could hear.

Her mother nodded and a look passed over her, like she was actually seeing her daughter for the first time. She turned back to Colin. "We'll have to move fast with the planning."

Carly headed to the front door, and I followed. Her family situation was seriously messed up.

"Just get it over with," She mumbled the words as she searched around in her purse.

"Get what over with?" I stood right beside her, trying to come up with the right words. That conversation with her parents made me mad. I couldn't imagine how she was feeling.

"Breaking up with me. I'm surprised you didn't do it after Jasper, but this was even worse, huh?"

"What?" I turned her, putting my hands on either of her arms. "What are you talking about?"

"Now that you've seen how messed up my family is, don't you want to run?"

"No. I want to wrap you up in my arms and keep everything else away."

She gazed up with at me with tear rimmed eyes. "Do you really mean that?"

"Absolutely, can I have the keys?"

She pulled her clunky keychain out of her purse and handed it to me. I wordlessly opened her door.

I didn't say anything until we were almost back to the condo. "When we get inside go pack enough stuff for a few days. I'll call Max and my boss."

"Wait, where are we going?"

"Do you trust me?"

She nodded. "One hundred percent."

I pulled into her usual spot. "Then just pack. Nothing crazy, just the basics."

"Okay..." She opened her door.

We walked upstairs quietly. I wanted to talk to her about everything, but not yet. I needed to keep us both focused so we could get out of town quickly.

I threw together a small duffel while I convinced Ralph to cover me at work and called Max.

"Hello?"

"Hey, Max. It's Macon."

"And to what do I owe the honor of this phone call?" He was definitely intrigued.

"Can you find someone to cover for Carly this weekend?"

"That depends. Why am I doing it?" His question came from curiosity and concern. He was going to give her the time off no matter what.

"She needs a weekend away more than anyone, and she deserves it."

"I'm going to trust you on this one."

"I can tell her it's fine?"

"Absolutely, but is she okay?" he asked worriedly.

"She will be." I'd make sure of it.

"Good. Take care of her." He hung up.

"I'm all packed," Carly called from outside my room.

"Great, let's go."

"You really aren't going to tell me where we're going?" She leaned against the door frame.

"Nope. I'd rather show you." I took her small suitcase from her and led her to the front door.

***

After a quick stop to move my car back into a parking space at the shop, we got on the road. We drove through a heavy rainstorm, but otherwise it was an uneventful trip. I hoped Carly enjoyed the surprise.

I'd never brought anyone to the cabin before. My grandfather had left the old place up in the Blue Ridge Mountains to me, and even though my parents suggested I sell it, I knew I never would. Bringing a girl there had never crossed my mind, but I had a feeling it was just what Carly needed, and I wanted her there. I wanted to show her my little sanctuary that even Maddy hadn't ever seen.

"Wow, this place is awesome." Carly looked around at the small cabin with awe, and I knew instantly I'd made the right decision. On the surface Carly didn't look like an outdoorsy girl, but she also didn't shy away from it. She seemed right at home in the rugged place. "Is this yours?"

"Yeah, my grandfather left it to me."

"It's great." She surprised me by hugging me from around the waist. Her eyes were brighter again-she was back to being Carly. "Thanks for bringing me here."

I closed the door and set down our bags. "Ready for the tour?"

"Sure!" Most girls would have made a comment about not needing a tour of a two room cabin, but not Carly.

"This is the kitchen, sitting room combo, and the bedroom is through here." I gestured for her to walk through the small archway. The small room was filled with a queen sized bed and a dresser. Nothing fancy, but that was the whole idea.

"Perfect. I couldn't have asked for a better surprise getaway."

I pulled her into my arms. "And I couldn't have asked for a better girlfriend."

She rested her head on my chest. "I guess we should unpack the groceries." She headed back into the kitchen.

I started unpacking the paper bags. We'd stopped for dinner on the way up that night, but I wanted to make sure we had food for the rest of the weekend.

With the food unpacked, we went to sit out on the porch swing. I opened one of the bottles of wine I'd remembered to tuck in with my stuff. My grandfather would have laughed, but when given the option, Carly wasn't a beer drinking kind of girl.

"Do you come up here a lot?" Carly's voice broke through the nearly silent night. One of the reasons I loved the cabin was the quiet. The only sounds came from the crickets and rustling leaves at night. I liked the solitude, but having Carly's company was even better.

"I try to come up a few times a year when I need a break." I pulled her legs up onto my lap. She kicked off her flip flops.

"Do you usually come alone?"

"Always. This is the first time I haven't."

"I'm honored you brought me." The light breeze blew the tendril of hair that had escaped her ponytail.

"It feels right to have you here."

"I feel at home if that makes sense."

"Perfect sense." I ran my hands down her jean clad legs. As much as I wanted to touch her skin, I was glad she was wearing pants. The one downside of the place was the bugs.

"Do you want to talk about earlier?" I didn't want to push it, but I needed her to know she could tell me anything.

"What's there to talk about? My parents hate me."

"They don't hate you."

"Ok, they don't hate me. They just love me less than Kim."

"Not that I have any interest in defending them, but I don't think that's it. And I've already weighed in on my bet about how Kim feels about you too."

"Then what is it?" She pulled her legs from me. Not what I wanted.

"They're confused. They don't understand what happened. Maybe they do view Kim as more successful than you and somehow can't accept her husband screwed up. Have they always liked Jasper?"

"They love him. He was the perfect friend for their son."

"They don't want to believe they were wrong about him. They're angry at themselves for supporting the marriage. At least that's what I think."

"Maybe. I guess it doesn't matter. I just wish they didn't view me as the loser all the time."

"Let me guess. Kim was the one who won awards for everything."

"I thought you were an only child?"

"I am, but I had a cousin who was more like a brother. He was also better at everything."

"Had?" She eyed me warily.

"He died when we were in college."

"Oh. That's where the pressure comes from. He was your uncle's son."

"Yeah..."

She moved behind me and slipped her hands underneath my t-shirt and started to run her nails gently down my back. I'd never had someone give me a back scratch like that, and it felt really good.

"Was that around the same time you stopped dating girls seriously?"

"We weren't talking about me."

"You're right. We were talking about us. Both of us."

She was right. "Yeah. His death changed me I guess. I didn't want to keep searching for the one when I wasn't even sure who I was."

"But you're dating me."

"Because it's different with you. There's no searching. I can be myself with you in a way I've never been with someone before."

"I feel that way too."

A slap of thunder had Carly jumping behind me.

"Looks like that storm followed us up here."

"I guess so."

Even with her behind me I could tell she was tense. Was she afraid of storms? "We can go inside if you want."

"Not yet."

She moved back around and settled into the crook of my arm. We sipped our wine and watched the rain start from small drops to a steady downpour. Silence had never felt so natural before.

Chapter Twenty-Six

Carly

I was in love with Macon. The realization hit me like a freight train as I curled up with him watching the storm. Every part of me felt whole with him. He got me. He didn't judge or over glorify the good parts, but he also didn't focus on the bad. We joked about being perfect, but the reality was neither of us wanted that. I didn't want perfect, I wanted real and strong. He'd finally opened up to me. It had taken nearly the whole summer, but it had happened.

"What are you thinking about?" His lips tickled my neck. He kept the swing moving. My legs were curled up under me.

"You and me."

"Anything I don't already know?"

I gazed up at him in the hazy light from the single bulb porch fixture. "Nope. You already know all of it."

"I have no clue what we're going to do at the end of the summer, but I'm not giving you up."

"Considering I have no plans of giving you up, you're good."

"You're going to stay with me? Follow me to the ends of the earth?"

I crawled into his lap. "Yes."

"Good." He brushed his lips against mine in that way of his. He did it all the time, and at first I thought he just did it because he knew it sent a thrill through me. Later I figured out it was his way of testing the waters.

I reached up and ran my hands through his hair. "I may even have an idea."

"Oh?" His lidded eyes gazed into mine, and I knew it wasn't the time to share my plan yet.

"But I don't want to talk about that."

"What do you want to talk about, Carly?"

"I don't want to talk."

He grinned. "I was hoping you'd say that." His lips crushed into mine, moving against mine until he lightly bit my bottom lip and pushed his way into my mouth. I gladly let him in. He slipped a hand under my t-shirt and bra, fondling my breast while his mouth continued to explore mine.

He broke the kiss long enough to discard my shirt and bra before returning his lips to mine. I used the break to pull off his t-shirt. I wanted his bare skin against mine. We were outside, but there was no one else for miles. There was something so thrilling about being intimate while the rain poured down inches from us.

His lips moved down to my neck, and I leaned my head back to give him better access. His lips continued their descent, stopping on my breasts. I fumbled with his belt, unbuckling it before moving on to the button of his cargo shorts. I slipped my hand inside while he lifted me off his lap enough to unbutton my jeans. I stood up, and he slowly slid my dark jeans down my legs. While his eyes took me in, I got rid of his shorts and boxers in one movement. He slid off my underwear before he sat back on the swing taking me with him.

I gently stroked him while he slipped two fingers inside of me. I gasped at the sensation, but he didn't take long before removing them. I was about to protest when he thrust inside of me. The movement rocked the swing, getting it moving again. I gasped again as he moved the entire length of him inside me, back and forth.

He pulled out the hair tie from my hair, letting it spill down my back. I always felt sexier that way. I pressed my lips into his neck, trying to control the urge to scream.

"I love you, Carly." The words came out in short bursts as he moved.

"I love you, Macon." I didn't plan to tell him in the heat of passion, but sometimes that's when we're most honest.

"I've never heard a three word combination I liked more."

I kissed him. I needed my lips against his. He kissed me back, continuing to move inside me. Right before he pushed me over the edge his lips moved to my ear. "Do you love me enough to stop holding back how you feel?"

"Of course." I closed my eyes, letting myself enjoy the pleasure of our bodies joining, and when the time came I let out the scream I'd have normally fought down. That did something to him, and he reached his own release moments later just as a bright streak of lightning lit up the sky.

"I love you so much, babe. So freaking much." He held me to him, his hands grasping me like he thought I'd disappear if he ever let go.

***

"Twelve. It's definitely twelve." Macon counted the small red dots on my body. We'd moved inside.

"I've had twenty bug bites before, this is nothing."

"I don't have any."

"I guess my blood is sweet."

"I wouldn't be surprised. Every part of you is sweet."

I laughed, loving how comfortable I was lying naked in front of him. Macon wouldn't have it any other way. He liked to look at me, and although at first I was embarrassed about it, I loved to look at him.

I held up our entwined hands, squinting to see them in the near darkness of the room. "That was worth it though."

"I hope so... it was incredible for me."

"For me too."

"Just in case you didn't get the full effect since I had you distracted, I love you."

I smiled. "It was actually an even stronger effect, but I don't mind you repeating yourself." I leaned up on an elbow. "And, I love you, Macon."

"See, I was right. There is no better word combination then hearing that from your lips."

I laughed. "I'll try not to overuse it and ruin the effect then."

"You could never over use it."

"Good." I kissed his shoulder.

"All right, I think this calls for ice cream." He hopped out of bed and headed out of the room.

"Aren't you going to get dressed first?" I didn't bother to get up. He'd bring the ice cream to me.

"Nope, but we do have a problem."

"What kind of problem?" I asked, squinting to see him in the dark.

"The power's out."

"I guess that means we'll have to eat a lot of ice cream." I laughed.

"It's incredibly awesome that you just said that. Do you realize how many girls would be freaking out?"

"Stuck in a cabin without power with a hot guy? Uh, most girls wouldn't care."

"When you put it that way..." He laughed. "I know I have a flashlight somewhere."

"Just use your phone."

"Oh yeah." He grabbed his phone off the dresser and walked into the kitchen. He returned with a container of rocky road ice cream and two spoons.

Outside the storm still raged, but that just made the cabin feel cozier.

He settled in next to me, pulling the sheets and blankets up over us. I took the spoon he offered. "I'm not sure how I got so lucky, but I'm not going to complain."

"You and me both, babe."

"What kind of mood are you in?"

"The happy as a lark kind."

"Okay. Then it's a good time to discuss my plan."

He took a bit of ice cream. "Ok, let's hear this plan."

"Why do you want to run your family's business? What is it about the job that made you want it?"

He set aside the container of ice cream. "This is your plan?"

"Just answer me."

He put an arm around me, and I rested my head on his chest. "I knew I could do more for the company. I could make it bigger, help it grow. I also like the idea of being my own boss."

"But you really aren't into risk management?"

"No. But it doesn't matter what the industry is."

"But wouldn't it be better if the product or service was something you loved?"

"What are you getting at?"

"You said your boss at the scuba shop is handing over the business to his son at the end of the summer, right?"

My mood soured at the mention of Caleb. "Yes. There better be a reason you're bringing up that asshat while we're in bed."

"There is." I put a hand on his arm. "Just bear with me. What if you made an offer?"

"An offer?"

I sat up, wrapping the sheet around my chest. "Or rather, what if we made an offer."

"An offer? Like to buy him out?"

"Yes. Really all you need to buy is the building and dock since it's such a great location. And I guess the boats would help."

"Carly, I love you babe, but do you realize how much all of that would cost?"

"I assume a lot. We'd need capital."

"You keep saying we."

"I want to go in on this with you. I'm great at marketing. That's what I majored in, and I know with your expertise we can make this work."

"Says the girl who's only been scuba diving once."

"You have enough passion about it for the both of us."

"You're ready to go into business with me?"

"I'm already sleeping with you. Don't you think that was a bigger step?"

"The fact that you'd say that makes me very happy." He pulled me back against him. "But where are we going to get this money? There's no way I'm asking my parents."

"Colin."

"Colin?" He appeared to mull it over. "I know he's got some cash, but not that much and he's not going to hand it over easily."

"We have to get him in on it. He has some capital and he'd be able to get a much bigger loan than us."

"Where's all this coming from?" He turned me so I could look at him.

"I just like to find opportunities where they don't seem to exist."

"Do you really think we can convince Colin to join us? It would be a huge risk and with the new baby and all."

"I think he would if we made it worth his while. He's the only one in my family who's ever believed in me, and I feel good about this. I know we can make it huge."

"All right, but we need to set up one thing before we go any further with this idea."

"What?"

"You need to try to dive again. You can't tie your future to something you don't know anything about."

"I didn't mind the shore dive. Can we do that again?"

"Sure, and then maybe after that you'd want to get certified."

"If I did a boat dive, would you be with me the whole time?"

He brushed hair away from my face. "Would you ever doubt that?"

"No. I wouldn't."

Chapter Twenty-Seven

Macon

The days were ticking down. As August dragged on, I knew the summer was ending, and I was about to get booted from the only job I'd ever really enjoyed. Carly seemed convinced she could come up with a way for us to buy the shop, but I wasn't sure if her enthusiasm would be enough. I gave her the space and time she needed to develop her business plan, but I wasn't giving her space of the personal kind. With the end of summer came the possibility of the end of our nights together, and I was going to enjoy every last one of them.

I didn't even mind the grunt work around the shop as much as I used to. Part of me would even miss that. I was filling some tanks when Ralph walked into the back.

"Get ready. We have a last minute dive."

"Get ready? Aren't you going to do it?"

"Nope. She requested you specifically."

"She?" I groaned. Having a female customer request me specifically probably wouldn't be a good thing in Carly's eyes.

"Yes. She's doing a certification."

"Do you mind doing it?" The last thing I needed was to get in trouble with Carly. I wasn't wasting a second of our time together fighting.

"I really think you're going to want to handle this one."

"Fine." I sighed. There was no reason to put it off. I walked back into the front of the shop and did a double take.

"Carly? What are you doing here?"

She grinned. "I'm here for my first dive or dives or whatever. I already did all of those video thingies Ralph said I had to do first. I passed all the tests."

"You're the client?"

"I heard you're really good at what you do."

I laughed. "So you're really in? You're letting me take you on a boat dive?"

"Can't we do another shore dive?" She gave me her most charming smile.

"Nope. Boat dive." I picked up her hand. "If you suffered through the videos you might as well get to do the real thing."

"Okay, but we have to wait a few minutes."

"Why?" I looked at Ralph. Was there something up with the boat I didn't know about?

"Because Brody's running late."

"Brody's coming?"

"Yes. He's coming for moral support. He said he figured you'd make me go out on the boat."

I took her face in my hands. "I'm not enough moral support?"

"You're plenty, but it never hurts to have a little bit extra."

I shook my head. "You're crazy, but I love you. Let's get you ready."

***

We surfaced after the first dive, and Carly immediately pushed up her mask. "Wow, that was crazy."

"Crazy good, crazy bad?" I helped her climb up the ladder back onto the boat.

"The good crazy mostly."

"Mostly?" I took off my gear and went to help her, but Brody was already doing it.

"I'm a little bit tired."

Brody looked at me. "You know what the answer to that is, get her nitrox trained."

"Uh, no more training right now. But I am starving."

"Oh, yeah. There's stuff in the cooler."

She opened the cooler and pulled out a wrapped sandwich. She made a face as she unwrapped it. "Peanut butter and jelly? I just dove and this is what I get?"

I laughed. "Sorry if our offerings don't work for you."

She took a small bite of the sandwich. "Do you have anything else?"

I shrugged. "Crackers."

"And how long do we have to wait before the next dive?"

I unzipped my wet suit and pulled my arms out. "About forty minutes."

"Oh." She carefully wrapped up the sandwich. "Can I get something to drink?"

"Sure. We have bottled water and juice boxes." I looked in the cooler. "There's just grape left."

Brody nudged her shoulder. "If he really loved you he'd have brought you some apple."

"We're out of them. Customers always choose that flavor." I handed her a bottle of water. I assumed she'd prefer that. She accepted it and took a sip before setting the bottle down and unzipping her wet suit. I tried not to get too distracted by how good she looked in her tiny bikini top.

Brody rested his arms on the side of the boat. "They choose apple because no one over the age of eight likes grape juice."

"The water's fine. I'd prefer a fruit smoothie, but what can you do?" She took another sip of her water.

"A fruit smoothie? What were you expecting, gourmet food?"

She froze. "That's it. Oh my gosh, Macon, you're a genius!" She flung her arms around my neck.

"I know I am, but why are you suddenly realizing it?"

"Gourmet. That's what's missing. That's what our company needs."

"Uh, am I missing something?" I stared at her blankly.

She sat down and turned to Brody. "And you, you're perfect."

He gave her a funny smile. "Thanks... I think."

"Guys, focus. Who's your usual clientele?"

"Young to middle aged people looking to learn to dive or just to do a few dives on vacation," I answered automatically. I knew the details of the business pretty well.

"Who's it missing?"

"What are you getting at, babe?" I didn't bother starting the boat. When Carly was hit by inspiration you couldn't rush it.

"Diving's fun. It's recreation, yet educational, it's fairly easy once you get the hang of it, and it's the perfect activity for a beach vacation."

"I'm glad you finally see it my way." I took a swig of water.

"But it's not glamorous. You feed people like fourth graders. I mean pre-made sandwiches and juice boxes?" She wrinkled up her nose.

"Don't forget about the crackers." I walked over to the cooler and held up a bag.

"That's not any better, Macon."

"If you want fancy you do luxury live-a-boards."

"But why? Why not bring the luxury to the average diver? Provide gourmet food and after dive cocktails. I'm telling you, there's an audience for that. A big one."

"That's actually a really good idea." Brody turned to her. "And I'm guessing that's why I'm perfect, huh? I'm going to be providing my culinary services?"

"Who better?" She put a hand on his leg, and I ignored the small jolt of jealousy that went through me. She was just excited.

"Ocean Quest Gourmet." The name came to me out of nowhere.

"AHHH that's perfect." She hopped up and literally jumped into my arms. "It plays on the active ocean part, but also the gourmet. I love it!"

"I can tell." I kissed her lightly.

"So let's do it. Let's make this happen."

"And you really think Colin's going to help?" I hated to even question her when she was this excited, but without more capital we couldn't buy the shop. We'd briefly considered setting up a competing business, but buying the existing one just made sense considering the market.

"Yes. We can do this."

"Yes we can, but first you need to do another dive."

"Now? But I have plans to make."

"Make them after you look at the fish."

"Fine." She gave me a fake pout. "But we're getting something decent to eat after this."

"Deal." I turned on the engine and headed toward another perfect dive spot.

Chapter Twenty-Eight

Carly

The upstairs of the Grille was packed again. It wasn't a surprise. I hadn't worked a single night without it being that way. The thing about a beach bar during the summer season is that every night of the week is busy. Weekends were still heavier, but even weeknights could take you by surprise.

I'd finally fallen into a routine. I remembered to check the supplies and kegs before my shifts. I'd memorized well over a hundred drinks and for everything else I managed to inconspicuously look it up on the app. It had taken awhile, but I'd finally gotten it down to an art. Of course if things went well, I'd be working the bar less and the scuba business more. I'd practiced my presentation on Max twice that day during my breaks. He seemed amused by my carefully prepared PowerPoint slides. His approval gave me the extra boost of confidence I needed. I knew that Ocean Quest Gourmet could be big. We just needed to find someone with money to believe in us too. The problem was we were almost out of time. Once Caleb took over, there was no chance we were getting the shop.

"I'll take a dirty martini please."

I looked up at the sound of the familiar voice. "Kim? What are you doing here?"

"I heard the bartender working tonight was really good. I wanted to see what all the fuss was about." She smiled awkwardly in a forced way that a woman should never have to do with her sister.

"So, you're not here to accuse me of being a home wrecker again?" I scooped some ice into a glass and set to work pouring a drink for another customer. I tried to keep my heart rate normal. I noticed the curious stares, but I ignored them. The nice thing about tourists is you didn't usually see the same person twice.

"I'm sorry." She set her jaw. Apologizing wasn't something that came easy for Kim.

"Listen, I don't have the time to argue with you right now. I'm working." I spread out my arms at the swelling crowd.

"I see that, and I'm not here to argue."

"Then why are you here? There's no way you came just to apologize."

"I wanted to see you. What's happening between us isn't right."

I blinked back tears. She was right about that. "Can we talk later? Or tomorrow if you don't want to stick around that long? I'm guessing you're staying at Colin's?"

"No. I got a hotel. I wasn't sure if I was welcome at his house."

"He's your brother. He wouldn't turn you away." Whatever my issues with Kim, Colin would never turn his back on either of us.

"Maybe I'll stop by and see him."

A thought suddenly occurred to me. "Wait. If you haven't seen Colin yet, how'd you know where to find me?"

"Your boyfriend told me."

"What?" I overfilled a beer, making a mess. I grabbed a cloth and wiped it up.

"You gave Mom and Dad an address to send your mail. I showed up and met your roommates. They're both nice by the way."

"I know that."

"Macon's crazy about you. He wants you to be happy, and he thinks we need to talk."

"Let's do breakfast tomorrow." Breakfast would be safe, a set time.

"Sure, but is that before or after your big presentation?" She smiled.

"Did Macon tell you about that too?"

"Actually, your other roommate did."

"Excuse me!" A guy yelled to get my attention.

"All right, I won't distract you anymore. Just get me my martini, and I'll see you at Colin's tomorrow morning."

I made the martini, trying not to make a face. I hated olives and didn't understand why anyone would ruin a perfectly good drink that way, but Kim wasn't the only one. I decided there was no reason to put off the conversation. "You really wouldn't mind waiting around?"

She took a small sip of her martini. "This is good, kid. And I'll wait as long as I have to. I've always loved people watching."

"Okay, if you're sure."

I wasn't sure what to make of Kim's appearance, but I didn't have much time to worry about it. The crowd only grew. Sometimes there were benefits to being busy. Before I knew it, it was closing time. Kim waited for me to grab my stuff and clock out. It was really late, but I knew Max wouldn't be locking up for a while. We took a seat at a table upstairs.

I opened my mouth to speak, but Kim interrupted.

"I'm sorry. Before you say anything I just needed to say that again."

"I can't believe you actually believe I'd do something like that." I looked down, unwilling to look her in the eye and to let her know how much she'd hurt me.

"I didn't. In my heart I didn't, I just couldn't accept that Jasper would."

"Why did you marry him?" I knew my words were harsh, but if we were having a heart-to-heart it might as well have been honest.

"Are you really asking me that?" She fumbled with straps of her purse.

"Yes, but I don't really expect you to answer."

"I fell in love with him. He was everything I thought I wanted in a husband. He was everything Mom and Dad said I needed in a husband. What other reason would there be?"

"None." I shifted in my chair, looking for a comfortable spot that probably didn't exist.

"I knew how you felt though. No one told me the details, but I wasn't blind. I knew something had happened with you guys, but I just ignored it. And that's probably why it was so easy to make myself believe Jasper. If you had crush on him back then, why wouldn't you still have one now?"

"Because a teenage crush is completely different from a grow woman's desire to get involved with her sister's husband."

"I know." She reached for my hand. "I'm an idiot."

I let her take my hand. "But you did more than believe him about me being the instigator, you decided on your own to believe that something actually happened."

"I know." She used her free hand to bury her face. "It seemed easier than accepting our marriage wasn't working for other reasons."

"You mean it was easier to blame it on me." I wasn't sure where my nerve was coming from, but it felt good. It felt good to finally stand up for myself.

"You're so lucky, Carly. You've always had everything." She dropped her hand to her side.

"Me? Have everything? What about you? You've always been Mom and Dad's favorite. The perfect one." I didn't bother to keep the cynicism from my voice.

"Because I was supposed to be. I let them pick out everything for me, even my husband." She wiped away some tears. "But not you. You've never followed anyone blindly, let alone our parents. You've made your own choices and in the end you're a happier person because of it."

"Don't make it sound like it's been easy." I pulled my hand away but left it resting on the table.

"I'm not trying to. I know it hasn't been, and I'm a major part of why your life's been hard lately."

"Well, you can stop worrying about me. I'm fine."

"Really? I don't think you're fine." She stared at me intently.

I crossed my arms. "What's that supposed to mean?"

A small smile spread across her face. "I think you're great, amazing even. You're really finding your way, and you've got a great guy in your life. Like I said, you're lucky."

"It's not all luck."

She squeezed my hand. "I know."

I yawned.

"All right, I'll let you get some sleep. You have a big day tomorrow."

I smiled, and it wasn't forced. "I do, and I'm in even more of a hurry than usual to get home."

"Do you share a room with him every night?"

"Yes." There was no reason to pretend.

"My little sister, shacking up with a beach boy."

"He's more than a beach boy."

"I know." She patted my hand. "I love you, Carly. I know I haven't done a good job of showing you that, but I do."

"I love you too."

We walked out to our cars, and I felt like a weight had been taken off me. One late night chat couldn't erase the pain she'd caused me, but it was a step in the right direction. Maybe one day our relationship would be normal again-or as close to normal as it had ever been.

Macon was already asleep by the time I got home that night. Sometimes our opposite schedules were frustrating, but there was always something nice about slipping in next to him. He mumbled something incoherently before he cuddled me against him.

Chapter Twenty-Nine

Macon

Carly spent the first half of the night tossing and turning. I tried to calm her down, but I knew how much the business meant to her. I'd even considered talking to my parents for an investment, but I knew they wouldn't be keen on putting that kind of money on the line. Carly seemed convinced Colin would want a share and would co-sign on any loans, but I was worried she was overestimating what he was worth. He wasn't that much older than us.

By three a.m. I was done letting her suffer in silence. I pulled her into my arms, kissing her gently on her lips. "You need to relax, babe."

"You tell me that a lot."

"Because it's true." I slipped a hand under the tank top part of her PJs.

"What if he says no?"

"Then we come up with another idea. Ocean Quest Gourmet will work, but it might need a different location or something, and more time to come up with the money."

"But I want it here. I want it now." She pouted.

I laughed. "You do know what you sound like, don't you?"

"Yeah, I know. I've just never been so excited about something before."

"And I'm excited too. You know that." I moved my hand up further, stopping just below her breast.

"Yeah, you are excited." She stroked me through my boxers. "How can you be that turned on talking about business?"

"Because I'm discussing it with you-in bed."

"Well, since there's a chance I won't get the business here and right now, can I get something else?" She continued the stroking motion.

"That depends."

"Depends on?"

"Whether I like your proposal."

"You want a proposal?" She leaned up on an elbow.

"Yeah, why not?"

The room was mostly dark, but I'd left the shades open and moonlight streaked in. She sat up and pulled off her tank top, tossing it on the floor. I missed her hand on me, but it was made up for when she stood up and pulled off her PJ bottoms and panties.

"How's this for a proposal?"

"I accept." I was standing in seconds, discarding my boxers so nothing stood in my way.

"I'm so glad you said that."

"Me too." I kissed her, devouring her lips as my hands explored the body I'd never get tired of touching.

She pushed my chest, letting me know she wanted me to lie down. I did as she asked, eagerly waiting as she crawled up my body. She adjusted us, slowly easing me inside her. She closed her eyes and arched her back. I held her hips as she continued to move up and down on me.

"Macon." She moaned my name, and I cupped her breasts, needing to touch her, needing anything she could give. She moaned my name again while moving us faster. She took in the full length of me over and over until we both reached our release.

We lay there afterward panting and sweaty, I held her on top of me, unwilling to let go.

She kissed me lightly. "Well I'm not any sleepier, but I'm not nervous anymore."

"Glad I could be of service."

"Just so you know, I'm going to be requesting that service a lot."

I grabbed her ass. "Not as much as me."

***

I tried to stop picturing Carly's naked body when she strode up to where she had her iPhone projector aimed at the wall in Colin's living room. "Welcome everyone."

She was being so formal, but I couldn't help thinking about how silly she'd been just hours earlier, and just how many times we'd had sex from three a.m. on.

I forced those thoughts away and focused on the business dress attired Carly. Who knew she could look so hot in slacks and a blouse?

"Thank you for taking the time to meet with us."

The audience consisted of Maddy, Colin, Brody, and Kim. As much as Carly had issues with her sister, I was glad Kim had taken the effort to come down and try to clear the air. I was also glad she'd have the opportunity to see how passionate Carly was about the project.

"What do you think of when you think of vacation scuba diving?" Carly pressed a button on her laptop. A picture of the ocean with slow rising bubbles stared back at us.

"I think of Macon." Maddy smiled at me.

"Okay, you think about quality instructors." Carly bit back a smile.

"Anyone else?" She zeroed in on Colin.

"I think about boats?" He looked to me for some kind of clue.

"Here's what I think about." She clicked another button on her computer. A picture of a sea turtle appeared, she clicked again and there was an underwater scene featuring fish and a ray gliding through the water. "These are great images, are they not?"

"Beautiful." Kim watched intently.

"But what happens after those images? What happens after you see these? If you take a standard dive you can expect something like this." She clicked again and a photo of a mushed peanut butter and jelly sandwich filled the screen. "And this." A bag of cheap crackers with a juice box beside it took the sandwich's place.

"But what if diving could be different? What if you could go from this," we were back at the ocean scene, "to this?" The next image was of kabobs and shrimp cocktail. "And even this." Her next click revealed two cocktail glasses.

"Ladies and gentlemen, I introduce to you Ocean Quest Gourmet. Luxury diving at a cost that a vacation diver can afford." She continued moving through some more images, ending on one of a beautiful sunset.

"Can you picture that? A place where a diver can enjoy all the wonders of the ocean and then relax with a delicious meal and cocktails?"

"I'd do it!" Maddy grinned. "Obviously not the cocktail part now, but when I'm not pregnant."

Carly nodded, and I started to hand out the prospective information she'd put together.

Colin leaned forward in his seat. "Carly, this is a genius idea, but where do you think you're going to find all that money? That's a lot of zeroes."

She smiled sheepishly. "I was hoping you could help."

"I can't come up with that kind of money, Carly. I can maybe swing thirty percent." He turned to Maddy. "That is if my future wife agrees." Maddy nodded enthusiastically.

Colin sighed. "You know I hate saying no to you, but I don't think we can do more."

Kim studied the papers. "I can contribute some. Maybe 5-10%. I think this is a fantastic idea."

Carly's jaw dropped as she looked at her sister. "What? You want to invest?"

"Absolutely. I'm really impressed."

Carly looked at me, and I shrugged.

"Excuse me, I hope you don't mind the intrusion, but the door was unlocked."

We all turned to look at Max.

"Max? What are you doing here?" Carly twirled her hair nervously.

"I've been thinking this over since yesterday. I think this could be the perfect investment for me."

"What?" It was my turn to show surprise. "You want in?"

"I'll do 49%. That way you guys still run the show. I'll want updates, and I expect you kids to view this as the serious business venture it is."

"Of course. This is amazing." Carly sat perched on the arm of the couch.

"I like the business model. I like the plan. You obviously have the chef already," he nodded to Brody. "I'd like to be present when you negotiate the deal. I happen to know your boss well, Macon, and I have a feeling he'd listen to me more." He turned to Carly. "No offense to your hard work."

"None taken." She beamed.

He walked over and shook her hand. "Great. It looks like we're going into business."

Chapter Thirty

Carly

We had a business. Max was right, his presence did help seal the deal, and with only a small loan to make up the difference, we were the proud owners of Ocean Quest Gourmet. We were starting small, using the off-season to get everything perfect for the next summer. Maddy was going to be working in the business as well, she wanted to run the front of the updated shop. Considering the shop would now house a bar near the dock, she was the perfect one for the job. Brody was busy brainstorming ways to bring gourmet food on the boat, and Macon had successfully convinced all of the current employees to stay on-except for Caleb. He'd happily taken his part of the sale money and left the beach behind. Hopefully he wouldn't be back anytime soon.

Kim had gone home to have it out with Jasper. I felt for her. No matter how much of a jerk he was, telling him it was over wouldn't be easy. Sometimes my sister could be stubborn as hell and could push my buttons, but she was still my sister. I made sure she knew the door was always open. I might have been the youngest, but that didn't mean I wasn't there for my family.

Labor Day came and went, and I found myself looking forward to the off-season. I didn't mind the tourists, and I loved the warm weather, but I was looking forward to the quiet. It would also make for an easier transition from working at the Grille to working at Ocean Quest. Working through the rest of the high season was part of the deal we struck with Max.

Macon and I headed out for a late night walk. Being out on the beach at night always reminded me of the night that changed everything for us. I still replayed every moment of it in my head, and it never failed to put a huge smile on my face. When I first arrived in Corolla my life was a mess. I was the boat that kept slamming into the rocks no matter how hard I tried to steer. But then everything changed, and I knew Macon had a large part to do with that.

I was thinking about it when Macon pulled me out of my thoughts.

"I have to ask you something important." Macon stuffed his hands in the pockets of his cargo shorts. The moon was full, casting an ethereal glow over the beach.

"What is it?" I tried to stay calm, but I hoped he wasn't about to do something crazy. I loved Macon, and the thought of spending my life with him made my heart soar, but we weren't ready for that level of commitment yet. I thought over what I'd say. I couldn't say no without ruining everything.

"Will you move in with me?"

"What?" I breathed a sigh of a relief. "But I already live with you."

"Yeah, but the last time I asked it wasn't to share my bed. Besides, I thought it would be funny to make you think I was proposing."

I pushed his arm. "How do you know I'm not disappointed?"

"Because when I do propose, which I will be doing at some point, love, you're not going to have that freaked out expression on your face. It's going to seem so natural that you don't even have to consider the answer."

"And here I thought you weren't super confident."

"I'm not about everything, but I am about you and me. I've never been more confident about anything in my life."

"Then, the answer is yes."

"The answer to what?" He gave me a confused look.

"I'll move in with you."

"I was hoping you'd say that." He pulled me into his arms, and his lips crushed into mine. I devoured the earthy and slightly salty taste of his mouth. Macon had every reason to be confident.

Sometimes love is best served on the rocks, especially when it's the kind of love that changes you forever.

