Chapter One

Charlotte

We were flying over Canada when the panic set in. I felt a mild tightening in my chest as I thought about the plane that was taking me closer to the place so unimaginably full of memories that I couldn't quite process it. As I sat there, earphones still in my ears even though I had turned my music off hours ago, the one thing keeping me from becoming physically ill was that I wasn't completely alone. My older brother Kevin was dozing in the seat next to me.

Looking over at him, I couldn't help but feel a tinge of jealousy. There was something unfair about two siblings being so different. Physically, we shared some traits, dark brown hair and above-average height, but that was where the similarities ended. Kevin moved through life with an almost effortless ease, usually getting exactly what he wanted without even contemplating another outcome. He was social and confident, the opposite of me; I found social situations intimidating and absolutely hated being the center of attention.

I had been wide-awake for the entire flight. I was tired, but sleep wouldn't come. We still had another plane to catch once we got to Detroit. We had left Fairbanks early in the morning, and we wouldn't get to our final destination, Charleston, until late afternoon. It was a long day of traveling, but at least we had one-way tickets.

I kicked at the winter coat stashed on the floor by my feet, relieved that I wouldn't need it much in South Carolina. I guess I was being louder than I thought because Kevin started to stir.

"How much further?" he asked sleepily, as he stretched out his six-foot-four frame.

"I'm not sure." I pointed at the blank screens in front of us where the map was supposed to be.

"Oh, I guess I'll ask next time I see a flight attendant." He clearly wasn't overly concerned by my inability to answer.

"Good idea."

"So Charlotte, can you believe we're moving back?" He sounded way too excited for someone who had just woken up.

"No, not really," I admitted. "But I'm glad that Dad decided to send us back to Charleston instead of making us move to the arctic with him."

He laughed. "Yeah, I don't think either of us would have made it very long in Siberia." I smiled and nodded, but I couldn't help thinking that Kevin would have been just fine in Siberia; he would be fine anywhere.

We had moved to Alaska almost three years ago on the pretense that my dad could pursue his research, but really he was just ready to get away from Charleston. Although I thought that it was pretty cool that my dad was a geologist, I never really got his affinity for research that required such prolonged periods of time in the cold. Having grown up in the south, I think I was just meant for warm weather.

"But you're happy about the move, right?" Kevin asked suddenly.

"I guess." Knowing how unhappy he would be with my response, I avoided his eyes.

"You guess?" He tugged at my ponytail. As usual, I was wearing my hair up. I always felt like I looked too much like my mom when I wore it down because we had the same wavy brown hair and blue eyes.

After making a face at Kevin and pulling my hair out of his reach, I decided to give him more of an answer. "I always loved Charleston, but I'm nervous about the new school and facing memories of Mom."

"The memories are going to still be there no matter where you live," Kevin said quietly. I shrugged. Even though my mom had died almost five years before, I still had issues with it, which I guess was pretty normal.

When I didn't say anything else, Kevin changed the subject. "I'm really excited to see Liam. I can't believe he never made it out to visit us."

Liam. Just his name brought back memories of my last night in Charleston. It was my thirteenth birthday, and I had stayed up late packing up the last of my things. Kevin was in the next room with Liam, his best friend and our neighbor. Liam was my first crush, that older boy who just seemed so cool. Everything about him intrigued me, the way his auburn hair was always slightly messy, the way he permanently called me "Little Calloway" instead of Charlotte. Looking back, it seems surprising that I liked him so much. It wasn't like he was ever particularly nice to me. To him, I was just Kevin's pesky little sister who was always in his way. Back then, our two-year age difference had seemed insurmountable.

It had been unexpected when Liam had knocked on my door that night. I was sitting on my bed staring out the window when he sat down next to me without saying anything. Then I made the most impulsive action of my life-I kissed him. I felt like I lost control at the moment, as though someone else had propelled me toward him. The second our lips touched, I felt a surge of heat that continued until I was able to pull away. I opened my eyes. He just sat there staring at me with his mouth hanging open. Finally, as though nothing had happened, he got up and left my room without another word. That was it. I left the next morning, and we hadn't spoken since.

I had thought about that kiss a lot over the three years in Alaska. The long, almost endless winter nights were the perfect backdrop to analyze the kiss and to regret having done it. For the first few months, every time Kevin talked to Liam, I prepared for Kevin to come in and start yelling or making fun of me for it, but he never did. Luckily, Liam never told him. Maybe he was too embarrassed to admit that a thirteen-year-old had kissed him that way. Thoughts of that last night in Charleston fueled my panic. What would it be like to see Liam again?

"You know Liam is on the basketball team now, right?" Kevin asked, pulling me out of my thoughts. I was mortified that I had even been thinking about that kiss in front of Kevin and hoped it didn't show on my face.

"Yeah, Monty told me." My uncle Monty, the high school basketball coach, had been living in our house while we were away. He had also mentioned that Liam still visited a lot, even though Kevin was gone. As I tried to imagine how awkward our meeting would be, I was grateful that I hadn't had months to obsess over it; my dad had only told us about the move a few weeks ago.

"I heard that he's actually pretty good." Once Kevin got on the topic of basketball, it was hard to get him to stop. He was really excited to play on Uncle Monty's team. His only condition for moving mid-season was that he got to start. Monty had no problem with that; Kevin was an incredible player.

Thankfully, Kevin stayed awake for the remainder of the flight and for the entire second one. Even though he talked about basketball the whole time, it was a lot better than staring out the window. We were discussing the early games of the college basketball season when our flight landed.

Monty had visited us in Alaska several times each year, so he didn't look too different when I saw him waiting at baggage claim. Clearly in need of a shave, he had that ruggedly handsome look usually reserved for movie stars. At thirty-four, he still held on to a certain boyish charm that made him look years younger. When Monty saw me, he ran right over, picked me up, and swung me around. If anyone else had done that, I would have lectured them about my being too old for it, but it was different with Monty. It was a ritual that had started when I was a toddler and had never seemed to wear off. "Hi, Charlotte. How was the trip?" he asked.

"Bearable, but it's good to finally be here." I smiled as we walked over to meet Kevin at the baggage carousel.

"Hey, Kevin, are you excited about playing for the Tar Heels next year?" Even though Monty had never pressured Kevin to play college ball, it was obvious he was thrilled that Kevin had signed with North Carolina.

"Yeah, I guess you heard I officially signed last week. It looks like I'm following in your footsteps... but I won't be warming the bench." Kevin laughed.

If Monty felt snubbed by the remark, he didn't show it. He responded by grabbing Kevin's hand and pulling him into a bear hug. "Good to have you kids back home."

***

I looked out the window of the back seat of Monty's truck as we drove away from the airport. Kevin had called shotgun as soon as the truck was within sight, and I got into the backseat without complaint. Monty had laughed as the two of us went on and on about the hot weather. "It's only seventy degrees," he reminded us.

"You do realize how cold November is in northern Alaska, right?" Kevin asked.

"Yeah, yeah," Monty said playfully. I could tell that it was funny for Monty to see how much three years in Alaska had changed us.

As I watched the palmettos and beautiful oaks with dangling moss pass outside my window, I felt more excited about being home every minute. Twenty minutes later, we pulled into the long drive on the side of the house. It didn't look like much had changed but, then again, very little had changed in the more than two centuries the house had been in my father's family. I stood outside staring up at the house, feeling a sense of homecoming I hadn't quite expected. In some ways, the house had been as much a part of my childhood as the people. The endless rooms and countless small hideaways coupled with my wild imagination had made every day an adventure. I always thought that growing up in an old house somehow connected me to the past, especially since so many generations of my family had lived there.

I waited as Monty and Kevin pulled our bags out of the car and toted them inside. I followed them in and was hit with a wave of disappointment. Though I knew that my mother wouldn't be waiting for me within those walls, part of me had hoped I would feel her presence in some small way, as if returning to the house would somehow quell the empty feeling that I could never quite shake. I snapped myself out of it as Monty started to talk.

"Kev, you're in your old room but, Charlotte, there was some water damage in yours, so I put you up on the third floor," Monty told us as he dropped the last of our bags in the foyer. I wasn't surprised. When you lived in a house that's been around for over two hundred years, there was always something that needed to be fixed.

"Great," I said with some feeling, as I realized that I would have my own bathroom.

Monty grabbed the larger of my two bags while I carried the smaller bag and followed him. Kevin was already in his room when we passed it on the way up to the third floor. Monty stopped at the first door on the right. "I thought this one would work well. You have views of the yard and the harbor from the windows and porch."

I walked in and examined the room. I was glad to see that the bed was already made; I suddenly felt exhausted. On top of the bedspread were the boxes of clothing I had ordered in anticipation of my need for clothes more appropriate for a southern climate. I looked out the window and took in the view of the garden, the manicured rows of bushes, the brick paths, and my favorite spot, the fountain at the rear of the yard.

I had grown up in that garden, following mom around everywhere. I even had my own little section where I planted all of my favorite flowers. I wondered suddenly if Monty had been keeping them up. I finally tore my eyes away from the window and noticed an object in the far corner of the room-my cello! One thing that my uncle and I shared was our passion for music. In addition to being basketball coach, Monty was also the orchestra teacher.

"Thanks so much for setting everything up for me." I gave him a hug. I really couldn't believe he had set up my room so nicely in such a short period of time.

"Anytime. If you need anything, I'll be downstairs."

I collapsed on the bed as soon as Monty left the room. Thoughts of the trip had kept me from fully coming to terms with being back in Charleston, but now the trip was over, and reality set in. It was Saturday afternoon and, on Monday morning, I would be walking into a new high school, forced to see people I hadn't seen in three years. It seemed like a fresh start would be easier; at least no one had any preconceived notions about you that way. Here, I had no idea what people thought.

One silver lining was that Kevin would be driving me to school, so I didn't have to arrive ridiculously early with Monty. Our dad had left a car at the house that Kevin could drive until he went to college, and then, assuming I had my license, it would be mine.

Within minutes, I fell asleep. The day of travel had finally caught up to me. The next thing I knew, my room was dark, and Uncle Monty was in the doorway asking what kind of pizza I wanted.

"Anything is fine." I was trying to hold onto the end of a dream, and I barely got the words out.

"Pepperoni it is. I'm going to go get it with Kevin; we'll be back in a few minutes."

"Great," I called after him absently while I contemplated the dream.

The dream had replayed a vague childhood memory. As a child, I woke up in the middle of the night and walked downstairs for some water. I thought I heard something outside, so I peered out the kitchen window. I saw my mother walking up the garden path wearing a long blue dress. I ran upstairs so I wouldn't get in trouble for being out of bed so late. Before going back to bed, I looked out my bedroom window and could have sworn I saw a faint light at the back of the garden. I never asked my mom about it, but I always wondered why she was out so late at night dressed so formally.

My dream followed the same scene, but this time I thought I saw a figure standing at the old gate beyond the fountain, and the figure waved. I waved back through the window as though I knew who it was. The last thing I remembered before waking up was looking down and realizing I was wearing a long blue dress instead of pajamas.

I shrugged off the dream and decided to start unpacking. I only got as far as my toiletries before realizing that what I really needed was a shower. I took a fast shower, letting the hot water wash away the grime of travel and then searched for some clean clothes to wear. After pulling on jeans and a pink three-quarter-length top, I tied my wet hair back and, suddenly very aware that I hadn't eaten in hours, started down the stairs quickly.

"I'll be right-" The words caught in my throat as I realized that there were three people standing in the foyer-Monty, Kevin, and Liam. Wow, Liam had really changed. He was no longer the slightly awkward fifteen-year-old; he was so much taller, standing at least six-foot, and so much bigger, nothing scrawny about him.

"Charlotte? Wow, you've grown up!" Liam grinned, and I couldn't help but look away.

"Yeah, you, too." I felt self-conscious. I just wanted to disappear, but in the back of my mind, I also knew that it was better just to get it over with.

"I still can't believe you guys are back. Things just haven't been the same around here since you Calloway kids left." Liam gave me an awkward hug once I reached the bottom step.

"Yeah, I bet." I played along, even though I knew what Liam meant was that things weren't the same without Kevin.

"So, Liam is going to join us for pizza," Monty broke in, giving me a strange look. He must have noticed I was uncomfortable. I nodded, and we all headed into the kitchen.

Dinner was better than expected at first, as I mostly just listened to the three guys discuss the basketball team. Evidently, Monty had already broken the news to the forward who would no longer be starting. I really didn't mind all of the basketball talk because it gave me the freedom to just sit and think without the pressure of coming up with conversation. But, that didn't last.

Monty was the one who pulled me into the conversation. "So Charlotte, I printed out a list of all the clubs and activities at school. I know it's tough that you'll have to wait around after school most days until you get your license."

"Thanks, but I could probably always get work done at the library or something." I hoped he wouldn't press the issue.

"Sure, and you're welcome to use the orchestra room to practice any time, but joining something might be a great way to meet people."

"And we all know Charlotte could benefit from meeting people," Kevin added with a grin. Oh geez, did he really have to start in on this?

"Did I ask you, Kevin?" I snapped. Sometimes he could be so nice, but other times he could be such a jerk.

"No, but you should," he said, challenging me to argue. "And hey, you're the one who told me that you were nervous about starting at a new school."

"Whatever," I replied, because some arguments were pointless.

Kevin wasn't going to let it go. "Speaking of Charlotte and friends, I need your help on something," Kevin said, addressing Liam. This time I didn't want to disappear, I needed to. This was so awful; I could hardly believe it.

"Yeah?" Liam looked over at me, clearly curious. I knew that I must be bright red, anticipating what Kevin was going to say.

"You have to help make sure Charlotte doesn't become a total social outcast. You should have seen her in Fairbanks. Not dating, I get that; she's too young to date." Kevin spoke as though I wasn't even in the room.

"Wait, excuse me?" I didn't know what possessed me, but I just had to argue.

"Yes, Charlotte?" Kevin asked with mock surprise.

"I'm almost sixteen, and you're not Dad!"

"Okay, well, it's not like you wanted to date anyway. Remember when Jared asked you out? The only freshman on the team last year, and all you could say was 'Sorry,' with no excuse or anything. The poor kid probably still hasn't gotten over it." Kevin just had to make me feel sillier. I was ready to kill my brother. I thought I had known mortification, but this was something worse.

"Why do you care why I turned Jared down? It's none of your business!" The truth was, I just hadn't been interested in dating up in Fairbanks. The thought of having to spend an evening finding conversation terrified me. Even though Jared was cute, the date didn't sound appealing.

"Kevin, just leave your sister alone." Monty threw him a dirty look.

However, Kevin wasn't listening. "Okay, forget dating. Like I said, she's too young anyway, but that doesn't excuse hiding in her room when I threw parties while Dad was away."

I knew I was going to lose my temper completely, but I couldn't stop it. "I was not hiding! I just had better things to do, and they were your friends, not mine. It's not like I told on you, and I always helped you clean up."

"Well, you could have invited your friends. Oh wait, you didn't have any," Kevin said snidely.

"Shut up! You know I had friends; you just didn't know them," I shot back. That was it. I couldn't sit there any longer. I got up, pushed in my chair, and quickly rinsed my plate before putting it in the dishwasher.

"Nice seeing you, Liam. Thanks for dinner, Monty. Go to hell, Kevin." Without a second glance at any of them, I ran upstairs to grab a sweatshirt and my iPod; I was going for a walk. As I started up the stairs, I heard Kevin yell. Monty had probably thrown something at him.

They were still talking about me when I walked out the front door, and I could feel tears rolling down my cheeks. I just didn't understand why Kevin didn't leave me alone. Did my shyness really bother him so much? Of course, he probably didn't understand why I cared about him talking like that in front of Liam, but somehow he should have. I got the distinct impression that Monty could tell by the way he had looked at me when he told me Liam was eating with us.

I spent a good half-hour walking around the waterfront and realizing just how much I had missed the water. Growing up in Charleston, I had always taken for granted the access to the water; it felt so nice to be near it again. In the darkness, the lights reflected off the water, and I shivered slightly as a breeze picked up carrying the salty smell of the ocean. I closed my eyes for a moment taking in the sensation of being home. When I got back to the house, they were outside playing basketball, so I went back upstairs to my room. Before I got into bed, I walked onto my balcony and looked out into the night. I thought I saw a faint light in the back of the garden, but before I could figure out where it was coming from, it disappeared. I figured it was my mind playing tricks on me because of my dream. Whether I was losing my mind or not, my first day of school did not bode well.

Chapter Two

Kevin

It felt good to be home. It wasn't like I didn't like Alaska. I had met some cool people and had a good time there but, even after four years, it still felt like an extended vacation. I hoped that Charlotte felt the way I did about being back, but I sensed she was too nervous to enjoy it. As hard as I tried, I didn't always understand my sister. When I tried to help her, she acted like I was being a jerk. I knew that I was being tough on her, but usually the best thing you could do for someone was to challenge them to step up to the plate.

Monty gave me a hard time about it, too, as we sat at the table with Liam. "Kevin, could you please give your sister a break?" He unexpectedly picked a basketball up off the floor and threw it at me.

"Hey!" I caught the ball before it hit me. "It's for her own good. I only have a few more months to help her out."

"I realize you're trying to help, but maybe tone it down a little."

"Sure, but just realize that you're the one who is going to have to deal with it once I leave," I warned.

"I'll take the risk. You just need to give her some time to get used to being here; she really didn't have much warning about the move."

We all turned to look toward the front hallway when we heard the front door slam. Charlotte could be so dramatic.

"Do you think she's figured it out yet?" Liam asked, looking down the hall to make sure she hadn't come back inside.

"That we knew about this move months ago? Or that it was my idea for us to move back to Charleston?"

"Both."

"No way. I doubt she'll ever catch on."

"Let's hope not," Monty said. "I really don't want her worrying that we deceived her."

"Well, we did it for her own good. You know how stressed she got about moving, no reason to give her six months to obsess. When Dad told me he had to move his research, I knew that the best thing for Charlotte was to move back here, and you know I was right."

"I'm not disagreeing." Monty ran his hands through his hair, a clear sign that he was stressed. "I just wish we could have prepared her better, that's all."

"No use worrying about it now. She was always happy here before we left, so I'm sure she'll get used to it."

I understood Monty's concern, but I also knew that I wouldn't have changed the way we had handled it. I was going away to college soon, and I didn't want to leave her alone on some crazy research base with Dad. What kind of life was that for a teenage girl? Even Alaska had been too much for her. She had been so antisocial that I questioned whether she was suffering from depression. Charlotte had always been close to Monty, so I figured she'd rather just come home.

Liam jumped back into the conversation. "Well, she seems okay. She's just ticked at you."

"Yeah, but I'm still worried about her first day. Will you do me a favor and look out for her when you can?"

"Yeah, of course." I wasn't surprised by his response. Liam had always been a great friend, and he had known Charlotte almost as long as I had.

I finished my third slice of pizza, and the three of us headed out to shoot some hoops. Playing ball on the old driveway brought back a lot of good memories. The same weathered hoop hung from the frame, and I could still make out my name scrawled in the cement at the base. It was nice to know that some things never changed. It was fun to shoot hoops with Monty and Liam but, man, had Liam improved. Monty had told me that Liam was pretty awesome, but the guy didn't miss a shot. I watched as he landed four three-pointers in a row.

"Whoa, Liam. Someone's been practicing." I didn't try to hide the surprise in my voice.

"Yeah, well it helps when you spend all of your time hanging out with the coach. There hasn't been all that much else to do around here, you know?" Liam paused for a moment before passing the ball to Monty.

"Speaking of practicing, have you looked over the plays, Kevin?" Monty asked.

"Yeah, and I'm not too worried. You do remember that you were my coach for eight years, right, Monty?" He laughed.

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Charlotte walking toward the front of the house. It kind of looked like she had been crying, but I knew that the last thing she would want was for me to call attention to it.

After saying goodnight to Liam and Monty, I headed back upstairs to my bedroom which, much like the old hoop, hadn't changed at all. I looked at the line of trophies on my dresser and picked up an old photo of me at one of Monty's UNC-Chapel Hill games back in the day. I had to laugh; there I was, scrawny as anything, wearing a Tar Heels jersey. Even back then, I knew I would wear Carolina blue for real one day. As I went to sleep that night, I felt relaxed.

Sunday morning went by quickly. By the time I woke up, Charlotte was already practicing her cello. Although I'd never admit it, I didn't mind listening because she was really good.

After a quick breakfast, I went for a run. One day away from practice and I already felt out of it. It felt good to stretch my muscles and get some exercise. I stayed out longer than I planned, and it was already lunchtime when I got home.

Charlotte and Monty were in the den watching the pre-game football commentary when I came downstairs after my shower. I could tell that Charlotte wasn't really paying attention to the show, so I decided to ask her to walk over to Liam's house with me.

"I told Liam we would come by today to see his mom," I said casually. "You want to head over?"

"Oh, I'll stop by and see Debbie while you're at practice."

"Why don't we just go together?" I didn't understand her hesitation. "Let's go."

Charlotte nodded, maybe realizing her plan made no sense, so we said goodbye to Monty and headed next door.

Debbie Anders opened the door on the first knock and pulled me into a big hug.

"Kevin, you are so grown up," she said, looking up at me; Debbie wasn't a tall woman. Then she let me pass and took in Charlotte.

"Charlotte! Wow!" Debbie gushed. "Liam told me you were gorgeous, but I can't believe this."

Charlotte blushed and looked down quickly. I looked over at Liam and could tell he was embarrassed. Leaving Debbie and Charlotte in the front room, I followed him back to the den.

"So you think Charlotte is gorgeous?" I joked, because it was just too good an opportunity to miss. He glared at me, so I dropped it. I figured that she probably did look really different from the last time he saw her. We sat around watching some football for a while, talking about sports mostly.

"Last time we talked, you were dating that girl up in Fairbanks. Did you break it off, or are you going to try to do the long distance thing?" Liam asked.

"I broke it off." I was surprised that he would even ask. "It wasn't anything serious."

"I figured, but I thought I would check because Karen Myers has already been asking about you."

"Wow. That's a name I haven't heard in a while." I had dated Karen back in eighth grade, and I was trying to picture what she would look like now. "So, what about you? Are you seeing anyone?" Although this wasn't exactly the conversation I had anticipated, it was nice just to shoot the breeze with him.

"No, I'm single right now. No need to get into anything serious before leaving for college." He shrugged. I agreed with him, and we went back to talking about sports. Eventually, I heard someone knocking out front, then Charlotte and Debbie came into the den with Monty.

"Hey guys, just a reminder that we have to leave for practice in less than twenty minutes," Monty told us as he sat down on a couch. "Charlotte, you're welcome to come if you want to see the school, but I'm guessing you would rather not." He looked over to where Charlotte stood by the door.

"Good guess. No, I'll just wait until tomorrow."

After Liam grabbed his stuff, we said goodbye to Debbie and walked back to my house. We left Charlotte inside to finish unpacking, and Monty, Liam, and I drove over to the school together. I was looking forward to meeting the rest of the team and getting back onto the court. I couldn't help but think about what it was going to be like to meet my team next year. As calm as I pretended to be about playing college ball, I was nervous. I had always played well, but I knew that next year would be like nothing I had ever experienced. One great thing about moving back to Charleston for my last high school season was that I would be playing with more competition. Basketball was a much bigger deal in the Carolinas than in Alaska. By the time we walked into the gym, I had cleared my head and was ready for practice.

Chapter Three

Charlotte

Dressed in a jean skirt, a long-sleeved t-shirt, and a light jacket, I got out of the passenger side of Kevin's car. My stomach knotted, and I started feeling lightheaded.

"You ready for this?" Kevin asked.

"No, but do I really have a choice?" I retorted. I knew that I shouldn't be taking out my nerves on Kevin, but I couldn't help it.

He stifled a laugh, "It's just school, Charlotte. Besides, maybe this is a chance for a new start."

"Maybe," I mumbled.

I used the map my uncle had given me with my schedule to find my locker, which he had marked with a bright red 'X.' Thank goodness for Monty. At least he seemed to understand me sometimes. I was pleasantly surprised when I opened my locker on the first try. I put in a few of my new books, which Monty had already picked up from my teachers. I thought about putting my jacket in there, but I reconsidered, afraid the classrooms might be cold.

I walked to my first class, English, hoping the day would pass quickly. There were still about ten minutes before class started, but I decided to walk in anyway. The room was empty except for an extremely young, dark-haired teacher. I took a deep breath, preparing to introduce myself, but the teacher spoke first.

"You must be Charlotte. I'm Ms. Wilson." She stood as soon as I reached her desk.

"Hi, nice to meet you."

"Your uncle has told me so much about you. Mont-I mean, Mr. Winthrop, is just so happy that you and your brother moved back home. Does it feel good to be back?"

"Yeah, I've missed Charleston and my uncle."

"Your uncle told me you are quite the writer." Her voice lilted upward at the end, making her comment seem almost like a question.

"I like to write, but I don't know how good I am." I wondered what else Monty had told her.

"Well, I'm the advisor for the school newspaper. Would you be interested in joining us? We're meeting in here after school," she added.

"Oh, that actually sounds great." I hadn't looked at the list Monty gave me, but the school paper seemed like it might be a good fit. I had occasionally written articles for my school paper in Fairbanks, so I knew what to expect.

"Wonderful," she said with a warm smile.

I heard books hit a desk and realized another student had entered the room. I decided not to look over. There was no reason to make whoever it was think they needed to make conversation. "Okay, great. Where should I sit?"

"Ms. Wilson?" the student who had just entered the room called out. "There's an open seat next to me."

"You're right, James. Charlotte, why don't you go sit over there?" I glanced over to see that Ms. Wilson was pointing to a chair in the back row closest to the windows. I slowly walked over to the desk, looking down as much as possible. It was only after I was seated that I snuck a peak at the other student. He was tall and athletic-looking, wearing a fitted polo shirt that looked a little tighter than what I expected a guy to wear. I guessed that he was wearing it to draw attention to his muscular build. He sat completely straight in his chair and, when he saw me looking at him, he made direct eye contact, making me think he was the over-confident type. He smiled brightly as if seeing an old friend. I expected to feel nervous, but something about him felt familiar, even though he made me feel uncomfortable at the same time.

"Hi, I'm James," he said, extending a hand.

"Charlotte." I accepted the handshake awkwardly, still locked in his intense gaze.

"Pretty name. I know how you must feel. I was a new kid at the beginning of the year, but it hasn't been so bad."

"Oh, okay. Nice to meet you, but it's kind of more complicated for me."

"Complicated? How?"

"Well I'm not completely new. I'm from here, but I've been living in Alaska for the last three years."

"Alaska? Wow, must have been hard for a southern girl." I sensed some sarcasm but decided to ignore it.

"It wasn't too bad, but it's nice to be out of my parka."

"I bet." I didn't think it was possible, but he smiled brighter.

"What?" I asked, trying to understand what the smile meant.

"You're probably the only girl wearing a skirt today." He momentarily broke his intense eye contact to look down at where my legs were visible below the desk.

I immediately blushed. "Well it's pretty warm... considering." I quickly looked down before he could catch my eye again.

"I'm not complaining, Charlotte, just saying." A hint of a joke hid in his words.

Great, this was getting even better. A boy I didn't know from a hole in the wall was talking about me wearing a skirt. He was either trying to flirt or trying to make me feel weird; the latter felt more likely.

Other students began filing into the room. Most wore curious expressions, and some stopped to introduce themselves. A blond-haired girl came right over, and said, "Charlotte Calloway? Oh, my gosh, you look so different."

"Anna? Wow." Relieved to see someone I remembered who actually seemed happy to see me, I held back the comment in my head that Anna really didn't look very different.

"I can't believe you're back. It's so crazy you were in Alaska," she said excitedly.

"Yeah, I know. It was a big move."

"So I saw Kevin in the hall. He looks great." She looked at me expectantly.

"Yeah, I guess." Great, so that was it. She wasn't excited to see me. She was excited to get friendly so she could get near my brother. I thought back on all of the times she invited herself over for sleepovers before I moved and realized that the motivation had probably been Kevin. Well, I figured her friendliness was better than nothing. Maybe we would have other classes together. As a bonus, her arrival had gotten me out of that awkward conversation with James.

Ms. Wilson started class by casually mentioning there was a new student, but luckily, no one stared for too long. Her next announcement was even worse. "We're going to continue our discussion of modern American poets. As I mentioned last week, I want you to break into pairs and choose a poet to study over the next few weeks. At the end of this time, you must turn in a written report on the chosen poet; you must include a biography and an analysis of two of the poet's works."

Great, I thought. My first day, and already I had to find a partner. I looked down at my desk and waited as Ms. Wilson walked around the room writing down the partners and selected poets. I looked up when I heard James say, "Charlotte and I are going to work as a pair, Ms. Wilson, and can we please have Poe?"

What the heck? I thought. I couldn't believe he had just volunteered us to be partners without asking me first. But I quickly realized that he was doing me a favor by saving me from having to ask anyone else. Maybe he really was just trying to be nice to a fellow new kid.

"Great. You two can definitely study Edgar Allen Poe." After Ms. Wilson moved on, James moved his desk closer to mine, mirroring what others were doing in order to discuss the project.

"So, you ready to study, poetry partner?" James asked with a cryptic smile.

"Sure, how do you want to split this up?" I hoped to avoid meeting him outside of class.

"Split this up? I thought we were working together?" He sounded genuinely surprised by my suggestion.

I tried to soften my proposal. "I mean, shouldn't we at least spend some time researching on our own first?"

"Why? It's boring that way. Let's meet in the library one day this week, okay?"

Unfortunately, I couldn't come up with a reasonable excuse fast enough. "Sure."

"Oh, and I heard Ms. Wilson talking about the school newspaper," he said, abruptly changing the subject. "You really should come."

"So, you're on it?" I asked, surprised. He didn't strike me as a 'school paper' kind of guy.

"I wasn't, but I was thinking about checking it out this week."

"Oh, okay." I doubted that his interest in the paper was a coincidence, but there didn't seem to be a point in calling him on it.

Ms. Wilson asked for everyone's attention, so I tried to concentrate on her lecture and not on how nervous I was about the rest of the day. Before I knew it, the bell rang. I got up with some relief-one class down.

"So I guess I'll see you later," James said, as we walked to the door.

"Yeah, see you later." I hurried ahead.

The rest of the morning went smoothly. I had Spanish, which didn't seem too bad, and I really liked my world history teacher. When I got to gym, I changed into my gym clothes and was relieved to see Anna. She invited me to join her team for basketball. Whether she was using me for my brother or not, it was still nice to be able to avoid asking the gym teacher for help in selecting a team.

Class was almost over when someone touched my arm lightly. I twisted around quickly. Everyone else was heading back to the locker room, but Anna had hung back with me.

"Hey, little Calloway!" Liam said, smiling.

"Hi, Liam." I tried to comprehend how I had somehow failed to notice that Liam was in my gym class. I suddenly felt self-conscious in my gym shorts. Liam had walked over with a boy I didn't recognize.

"I can't believe you're in high school." Liam appeared so calm; he obviously wasn't embarrassed about wearing gym clothes.

"Yeah, I'm not thirteen anymore." I couldn't believe my luck. Of all the gym classes, he had to be in mine?

"No, you sure aren't," Liam said, looking me up and down.

"What?" I wasn't sure what to make of his sweeping look.

"So, you're a sophomore?"

"Yeah, tenth grade." I didn't know why he had asked. Was he playing dumb on purpose? How could he not remember what grade I was in? Or maybe he had no reason to remember, since I was just his friend's kid sister.

"It's funny. I always felt like you were a lot younger than me, but I guess it's only two years." Liam stopped, as though suddenly remembering the boy next to him. "Oh, this is Brian. Brian, this is Charlotte, Coach's niece, Kevin's little sister."

"Hi, Charlotte. So you're who coach was talking about?"

"Hi, Brian." I tried to sound friendly, but I sincerely hoped that Monty hadn't been talking about me too much.

"So, how do you like being back in Charleston? I know Kevin seems excited." Brian acted like he was genuinely interested in my answer.

"It's nice. I think I missed it here more than I thought," I admitted.

"Well, just so you know, I'm having a party Friday night. My parents are going to be out of town, so it seemed like a good excuse."

"Cool." I wondered why he was telling me about his party.

"You're definitely invited," he added, probably realizing I hadn't picked up on that part. He gestured to Anna. "You, too, obviously."

"Really? Great, we'll be there," Anna answered before I could think of a way out of it. With a cute older brother and an invitation to a senior party, I must have seemed like a winning lottery ticket to Anna. Fantastic.

"Sounds like fun." I tried to muster some enthusiasm.

"It's still hard to believe I have a class with you," Liam said, as Brian and Anna walked toward the locker rooms.

"Yeah, I think Kevin even forgets I'm not a little kid anymore, so I'm not surprised."

"My guess is that Kevin wants to think of you as a little kid. He's always been pretty protective, you know?"

"Ha, I guess that's one way to view it."

"Well I guess we better go before we're late to our next class."

"Yeah, see you around." I hurried into the locker room.

When I caught up with Anna, she went on and on about how cool it was that Brian had invited us. I was just surprised at how nice Liam had been. I wondered whether he was being nice because he wanted to or because Kevin had asked him to. It was hard to tell but, either way, the year looked like it might even be more awkward than I had predicted. I also figured the party invitation was part of Kevin's make-me-cool campaign. I really wished I could slug him.

Biology turned out to be a great class. I got to share a lab table with Rachel, another girl I remembered. It turned out that she was dating a basketball player and had heard from Liam that I was coming back. I worried that her boyfriend was the guy who had been pushed aside by Kevin, but she told me he played center. Lunch came after biology, so we walked to the cafeteria together.

"I usually sit with my boyfriend and his friends at lunch. They're all seniors, but you might know some of them because they used to be friends with your brother."

"You sure I can sit there? I really don't mind going off on my own," I said, not sure whether the invitation was just to be nice.

"Are you crazy? Of course you should sit with us," Rachel responded, sounding genuinely happy.

Rachel pointed out the table, and I saw that there were several other students already there. I was feeling better about sitting there until one guy shifted, and I saw that Liam was also seated at that table.

Liam looked up, and his face immediately broke into a smile. "Hey, Charlotte. What? Are you following me today?" I didn't think it was possible to be as mortified as I had been the night before-wrong.

"Hey, yeah, looks like it." I tried to play it cool but wondered if I could possibly go sit at another table.

"Well, I guess if I couldn't have Kevin in my lunch period, at least I get one Calloway, right?"

I realized that moving to another table would probably be too weird. "I guess so." I took a seat near the end of the table.

"Hey, guys, this is Charlotte, Coach's niece," Liam announced.

"Oh, yeah?" one of the boys said. "Coach was pretty excited that you and your brother were moving back. He's a pretty cool uncle, I bet."

"Very cool, I'm lucky."

As I ate my lunch, I kept quiet, which wasn't hard because Rachel was pretty absorbed in her boyfriend, Mike, and Liam had gone back to talking to some of the other girls. The quiet time didn't last long, though. Before I could finish my lunch, James sat down next to me.

"Hey," he said.

"Oh, hey, James. This is Charlotte," Rachel said quickly, when she noticed him sitting next to me.

"We've already met. We're partners in English." James smiled, but didn't mention that we were only partners because he volunteered me.

Liam glanced over at me, but then went back to his conversation. I tried to act really interested in my lunch, but James kept asking me questions about Alaska, like how cold it was, clearly just trying to make conversation.

The afternoon went much like the morning, and soon I was walking into my last class, orchestra. I waited in the front of the room for Monty to finish talking to a violinist. I listened to the familiar sounds of students tuning their instruments and felt more comfortable than I had felt all day. Once the violinist walked away Monty turned to me. "Hi, Charlotte. How's your day been?"

"It's been fine." It really had been better than I expected.

"Well, I set you up in the last stand in the cello section. I assumed you would be okay in last chair until our first lesson when I can evaluate your playing." I could tell Monty was holding in a laugh because cello was something in which I excelled. I would likely wind up in one of the first chairs eventually.

"Perfect." I figured there was no need to rock the boat on the first day.

Monty walked with me to the instruments at the back of the room and pointed out a cello. "This isn't as nice as the one you have at home, but I didn't want you dragging yours in every day." It definitely felt funny to have him as a teacher, but it was nice to see such a familiar face after an emotional day.

"Thanks, Monty. Wait. I mean, Mr. Winthrop." It felt so strange to call him that.

"You're welcome. See you after class," he said, and returned to the front of the room.

I set up the music on my stand, tightened my bow, and checked my tuning as I waited for class to start. I wondered if Liam still played bass. I suddenly wished I had asked Monty.

"Well, fancy meeting you here." I looked behind me and saw Liam setting up his bass.

"Quite a coincidence."

"I'll admit I knew I would have this class with you, so I can't really say that you followed me here." I noticed that Liam was smiling faintly as he adjusted the music on his stand.

"No, it wouldn't really be fair to say that," I responded casually. I really hoped he wasn't that sick of me already.

"So, do you realize I have more classes with you than Kevin? I only have math and English with him." He sounded disappointed at not seeing Kevin more.

I didn't know what to say. "Yeah, weird."

"Well, I guess there are worse people to have in your classes," he joked.

"A few, probably." Somehow it was easy to go along with Liam's joke, definitely easier than having a real conversation.

"And now I can give Kevin a good report."

"A report?" I asked, alarmed.

"Yes, I almost started laughing when you sat with us at lunch." He raised his eyebrows a little.

"Laughing? Why? I didn't mean to; Rachel and I used to be friends, so she was being nice. I can sit somewhere else tomorrow."

"Wow, Charlotte, slow down there. I was laughing because of all the tables in all the lunch periods, you ended up at mine, a mostly senior table."

"Yeah, well of all the lunch tables, in all the towns, in all the world, I sat down at yours, huh?" I couldn't believe I had just made a Casablanca joke, but it was the only thing that came into my head. Somebody would probably say it was intentional, referring to a great romantic movie.

"Ha ha, wow, a Casablanca reference? You have a better sense of humor than I remember."

I was pleased that Liam understood my joke, and I tried to relax as Monty called the room to attention. Luckily, he knew better than to introduce me, and he had the orchestra start at the beginning of a piece. It felt good to fall into the familiar rhythm of playing music, and the class period flew. At the end of the class, I packed my music and walked with Liam to put away our instruments.

"Have fun at practice," I said quickly, as I waited for Uncle Monty to come to the back of the room.

"Yeah, thanks. You heading to the library?"

"Um, I think I might check out the school newspaper meeting, actually." I was glad that I could at least act like I wanted to be involved in school activities.

"Did I hear what I think I heard? You're going to the newspaper meeting?" Monty asked, smiling as he walked over to us.

"Yeah, I wrote some articles in Fairbanks, so I figured I would try it here."

"Great! I mentioned to Ms. Wilson that you were into writing, and she's always looking for new blood."

"Where should I meet you after practice?" I hoped Monty wouldn't tell me to go to the gym.

"Why don't you come by the gym at around five o'clock?"

"Sure." I agreed even though it was the last thing I wanted to do. The few times I had met Kevin in the gym after his practices had always been awkward-too many sweaty boys.

Just as I reached the door, I heard Monty say, "Good. I'm happy she's making an effort." I didn't wait to hear Liam's response. The newspaper meeting was fun, and I liked the people there. It came as no surprise when James walked into the room and sat next to me; I was starting to get used to him. I actually felt a little guilty for thinking so badly of him. Maybe he was just trying to be nice and wanted to make a new friend. I promised myself I would try to be more open-minded. I hadn't really planned on signing up for an assignment yet, but when I found out that the sports editor needed someone to cover the next home basketball game, it seemed to make sense to sign up because I would be there anyway. I never missed Kevin's home games.

When I met Monty after practice and told him about it, he was thrilled. "Great, my little sports reporter." He held up his hand for a high five.

"Hey, you told me to join clubs." I pretended offense at his surprise.

"I know, and you actually listened. Maybe this pseudo-parent stuff won't be so hard after all." He laughed.

"Ha ha. Don't get too comfortable, Monty."

Chapter Four

Charlotte

By midweek, I found myself enjoying school more than I expected. I was getting used to my new surroundings and the people. The only frustrating thing was being really early for school every morning because Monty had scheduled a bunch of morning practices for the team. On Tuesday morning, the weather was nice, so I sat outside and worked on some schoolwork. Wednesday, it rained, so I decided to go sit in the empty English classroom.

"Charlotte?" I looked up and saw James walking toward my desk.

"Oh, hey, James." I noticed that a few drops of water dripped from his dirty blond hair; he must not have bothered with an umbrella.

"You're here early, aren't you?" he asked, as he took a pen and notebook out of his backpack.

"Yeah, both of my rides had to get here early for a practice today. What's your excuse?" I asked, more to be polite than because I really wanted to know.

James smiled. "I just get so excited about learning that I can't wait to get here."

I glared at him; his sarcasm could be very annoying.

"You know, if you don't want to get here so early, I could give you a ride. You're on my way," he offered.

"Thanks," I said warily. "But how do you know where I live?"

He looked surprised. "You're Liam's neighbor, right?" He laughed. "A little paranoid, are you?"

"Oh, yeah." I felt a blush creep into my cheeks. Why did I always have to embarrass myself? "Well anyway, if you drove me I would still be here really early, so no thanks."

"I could leave later, just let me know."

"Sure," I responded, just to end the conversation.

"You're just saying that," he retorted accusingly.

"How do you know?"

James smiled. "So I was right."

"No, I was just wondering why you assumed that."

"Well, you can't let me know if you don't have my number."

"Oh, yeah," I admitted.

"Do you have your phone with you?" I pulled my phone out of my backpack and handed it to him. He quickly pushed a few buttons on my phone, then handed it back.

"Okay, now you can say 'sure,' because we have each other's numbers." He held up his cell phone, which displayed a missed call from my number.

Geez, I really could be gullible. Who actually falls for something like that? I just didn't understand James. All he ever seemed to do was make me feel stupid with his sarcasm and weird smiles. Was he just trying to get me to make a fool of myself? In some ways, I was wary of him but, at the same time, I found him comfortable to be around.

"Have I met you before?" I asked, trying to figure out why he seemed so familiar.

"Yesterday," he said with mock seriousness.

"Seriously."

"Don't you think you would remember me if we had met before?" He smirked.

This time, I didn't take the bait. "I guess it's nothing. I just thought you seemed familiar."

James abruptly changed the subject. "So, any new clubs this afternoon?"

"Nope," I said without thinking.

"Great! So we can work on our project. There isn't much of a selection at the library here. Why don't we head over to the public library downtown?" Although he phrased it as a question, I could tell that he wasn't really asking.

"You're forgetting I don't drive. I'm stuck here until after basketball practice lets out."

"I didn't forget. I'll give you a ride," he said as though that settled it.

"Well..." I tried thinking of another excuse.

"Come on, what were you going to do until five o'clock, anyway?"

I was frustrated. I had been ready to get him to just let us work on the project individually but he didn't appear to want to let it go. I wondered why he was so intent on us working on it together. I decided to try to get out of it anyway. "Well, I was thinking. Why don't you do the biography section, and I'll do the analysis part?" I hoped giving him the easy part would make him take the bait.

"Wow, Charlotte. You really think I'm some dumb kid who's going to be relieved because you're doing most of the work?"

"No, it's just-" I struggled to come up with an explanation.

James interrupted. "Then, what? The thought of working with me is so repulsive that you would rather double your workload?"

He had me there. There was no better way to get under my skin than making me feel mean; I absolutely abhorred hurting people's feelings. "No, of course not, I just figured it might be easier, but you're right, we're supposed to do this together. I guess it will be good to get this project done anyway."

"Great. Glad you came up with such a good idea." He smirked.

"But I need to ask my uncle first. He might not want me getting a ride with you."

"Why not?"

"Well, he doesn't know you, does he?" I assumed that he wouldn't have crossed paths with Monty much, but I was beginning to realize that James was full of surprises.

"Well, you don't know until you ask." He looked down, playing with the spiral on his notebook.

"Well, I guess I could ask." I figured that refusing would be rude.

"Great, I know how much you want to get this project done." He gave me another of his weird smiles.

I quickly looked down at my history homework to signal the conversation was over. James didn't say anything else, just pulled out a book and started reading. I successfully ignored him during class, but after the bell rang, he said, "See you later, partner," as he walked out the door.

The rest of the morning went quickly, and I was still nervous about the library plans when I walked into the cafeteria with Rachel. I took the same seat as the last few days. Liam arrived a minute later and, to my surprise, sat down next to me.

"So how have you been since gym class?" He opened his brown bag and pulled out his lunch.

"Fine, how about you?"

"I'm pretty good." He yawned, then added, "Just tired. I'm really sick of the morning practices."

"I know what you mean. I have to get here early every time you have one," I reminded him.

Of course, because this was my life, James sat down next to me on my other side. He always seemed to know exactly how to irk me. "As I mentioned earlier, Charlotte, I would be happy to drive you anytime."

"And I told you, I don't need a ride," I grumbled, hoping it would end the conversation. I really didn't want to discuss it in front of Liam. Liam looked back and forth between us, then laughed a little.

"Maybe we can talk about it again this afternoon." James must have sensed that the only way to make me feel weirder would be to mention our plans for later.

"This afternoon?" Liam asked, sounding surprised.

"Oh, I guess Charlotte didn't get a chance to mention it yet." James paused to give me his usual smirk. "Charlotte and I are going to the downtown library to work on our English project. As I was telling her, the Poe section here is lacking."

"How are you getting there, Charlotte?" Liam gave me a questioning look.

James didn't let me answer. "I'm giving her a ride."

"No offense, but do you really think Monty is going to let you get a ride from a guy in an Aston Martin?" Liam asked.

"An Aston Martin?" Oh, my God, what had I agreed to? What kind of sixteen-year-old drove a car like that?

"You don't see me as the James Bond type?" James was clearly enjoying my response to his car.

"It's not really about the car. I already told you I need to ask my uncle first." I didn't want to give him the satisfaction of thinking I cared about what kind of car he drove.

"You have orchestra last period, right?" James once again managed to ask a question while making it sound like a statement.

"Yeah." I wasn't really surprised that he knew since there was only one orchestra class. Also, if he knew where I lived, he likely knew I played the cello.

I didn't give the library trip much thought during my afternoon classes. Thankfully, Liam had reminded me that I could always use Monty as an excuse. I walked into orchestra thinking about what I would study after school. I was startled to see James talking to Monty and pointing in my direction. Monty gestured for me to come over.

James started talking as soon as I reached them. "Hey, Charlotte. I was just telling Mr. Winthrop that you were really excited to work on our English project today and didn't want to wait until he got out of practice. I asked if he would mind if I drove you, and he said he didn't see a problem with it as long as you're home in time for dinner."

"That okay with you, Charlotte? I know how much you love English, and I know it must be frustrating to have to be here until five o'clock." Monty looked at me like he was trying to gage my response.

"Uh, sure," I said, although what I wanted to do was scream. Now I couldn't get out of it without seeming rude.

"Great news, huh?" James shot me one of his usual smiles before exiting the room as the bell rang.

"Yeah, great," I mumbled.

Liam was already set up behind my seat when I brought over my cello. "Hey. What was that about?"

"Oh, it was just James getting my uncle's permission to drive me to the library," I said, still trying to control my anger.

"Geez, eager guy, huh?"

"I can't believe Monty said yes."

"Me, either." I turned my attention to adjusting my music and tuning my cello. I got caught up in the music, and class moved quickly.

I already knew James would be waiting outside the orchestra room before I even put away my cello. I tried to calm down. It was going to be a short ride, and then I could get Monty to pick me up when he was done with practice. I walked slowly and reluctantly out of the room and stopped in front of James, who beamed.

"Are you as excited as I am to do some research on Poe?" James never seemed to get bored of using fake enthusiasm.

"Sure, let's go." I just wanted to get the trip over with.

We walked out to the parking lot silently, and I immediately noticed his car parked in the second row. He opened the passenger door of his black sports car for me as though it was an afterthought and started the engine before I was even buckled.

"Ready, study buddy?" James looked at me expectantly.

When I didn't answer, he shrugged and pulled out of the parking spot. I was surprised to see that he drove fairly normally, not what I expected of a guy with this kind of car. It seemed like every time I thought I had James figured out, he surprised me.

"I'm sure you are so relieved that your uncle didn't mind me giving you a ride, huh? He just didn't want to let you down." I could tell that he was trying to hold back laughter.

I was seriously ready to hit him. I couldn't keep my mouth shut any longer. "So, what is this?"

"What do you mean?" He looked over at me as we sat at a stop light.

"You obviously get some pleasure out of making me uncomfortable and angry. Why?" I hoped he might actually tell me.

"I don't know what you're talking about. I am just excited to get the project started." He accelerated as the light turned green. I stared out the window. I knew I had promised myself I would give James a chance, but he annoyed me each and every time we talked, which was way too often for me.

Some of my anger melted away when we pulled into the parking lot of the public library. I had so many warm memories of the library as a child, and I hadn't been there since we got back to town. As we walked inside, James glanced over at me, seeming to have noticed my mood change, but for once he kept his mouth shut. He led me directly to the poetry section and immediately pulled a few volumes down from a shelf.

"For someone who just moved here, you sure know your way around the library," I said, curious.

"Thanks," he responded, pretending to ignore my tone.

I rolled my eyes. In the few days I had known James, he had made me do that more than I had ever done it in my life. We walked over to a table and sat down with the books. James pulled out a laptop and showed me that he had already started a document for our project. We outlined the sections of the paper and then tried to pick out some poems to work with. To my surprise, I actually enjoyed working with him. He was a lot more analytical than I expected, and it was kind of relaxing. He also left some of his sarcasm at the door, showing me a side I hadn't known existed. We took turns picking out poems to read. One of the poems James chose caught my attention. It was Poe's To Helen (1848), and it was full of garden imagery, including a great stanza about someone stopping in front of a garden gate. Something about the poem gripped me. I was sure it was the garden descriptions that caught my attention at first, but it was the stanza about the garden gate that struck me the most.

James noticed me rereading the poem. "So you like gardens, huh?" he asked, pulling my attention from the poem. I left a finger to mark my favorite stanza.

"Well, my mom loved gardening. She spent practically all her free time out in our garden." I offered more information than I meant to.

"Your mom had a green thumb, huh?" James gave me a knowing look that once again left me with the impression that we had met before.

"Yeah, she was really good with any kind of plants or animals. My mom was kind of like the Disney versions of Snow White and Cinderella. I mean, animals didn't actually talk to her, but they loved her." After the words were out, I couldn't believe I had said them. He was going to think I was crazy.

"Are you that way, too?" James's eyes practically bored holes into mine. This should have unnerved me, but I was just so comfortable talking to him. Now that it was just the two of us, and he wasn't constantly smirking at me, I was actually enjoying his company.

"Not as much, but yeah, I guess you could call me a nature lover," I answered honestly. I had always had a way with animals and enjoyed gardening.

"So why are you so fixated on this stanza?" He tapped the finger I had left on the page, then read a few of the lines out loud.

Was it not Fate, whose name is also Sorrow, That bade me pause before that garden-gate, To breathe the incense of those slumbering roses?

"Well, it really just reminds me of a gate in our yard. My brother and I used to call it the forbidden gate." I thought of the vine- and moss-covered gate that stood behind the fountain in my yard. An image from my dream came back to me, and I could almost see the figure standing in front of the gate.

"Forbidden gate?" James stifled a laugh.

"Yeah, I know how it sounds. We were always allowed to play anywhere in the yard, but we could never go through the gate. Of course, we couldn't if we wanted to; it was locked, and there was no way to get over the wall. Besides, there can't be too much beyond it; we have neighbors behind us."

"Sounds kind of cool. What do you think is back there?" He looked at me intently.

"Who knows? Maybe some dangerous animals or something." It sounded stupid, but it was the first thing that came to mind.

James laughed. "Dangerous animals?"

"Well, what else could it be?"

"Maybe nothing, maybe anything."

I cringed. Great, back to the cryptic talk. "Real helpful."

He shrugged. "So you think we're about done?"

"Yeah, but I think I might stay here for a little while. You can go ahead and leave; I'll call my uncle at five o'clock."

"Hey, I'm not leaving you here. I can wait. I'm patient."

"You really can go; it's not a big deal." I put emphasis on the word go.

"I'll stay here and study; just come get me when you're ready." He pretended he didn't notice that I wanted him to leave.

I shrugged and walked over to the computers with the catalog access and looked up books on Charleston gardens. I remembered my grandfather telling me our garden was pictured in several books. I wrote down some call numbers and headed into the stacks. I picked out four books and checked them out, updating my old library card in the process.

I passed the children's section on the way back to James. I knew how much it would hurt to face memories of reading with my mom every Saturday morning as a kid, but I had to walk in. The tears flooded without warning. It was like I was never going to get over her death. I ran to the restroom and dried my eyes. I looked at my reflection in the mirror; my eyes were slightly puffy, but nothing too obvious. I glanced at my watch and realized that it had been nearly an hour since I left James; it was almost four thirty.

"What's wrong?" James asked, looking up as I approached the table. Clearly, my eyes were puffier than I thought.

"Nothing." I hoped he'd drop it.

"So, you're crying for no reason," he pressed.

"Yes." I picked up my backpack to let him know I wanted to leave.

"Likely," James said, not moving.

"I was thinking about my mom, who's been dead a long time, okay?" I said in a huff.

"Oh, I'm sorry... I heard she died in a car accident." I froze for a second. I wondered why anyone would have been discussing my mom's accident with him. I decided to let it go, but it unsettled me.

"I'm fine. You ready?"

"Sure." He packed his bag, and we walked out together. The slightly chilly air cleared my head, making me feel better. James opened the car door for me again, and this time he waited until I was buckled in before starting the car. We drove home in relative silence. James looked over every once in a while, but luckily, he kept his mouth shut. He only commented about the books I checked out. "Interesting reading?" he asked a few blocks from my house.

"Yeah, I figure it might be fun to know more about my family's house."

"Definitely. You'll have to let me know what you find out."

"Sure." I assumed he was just being nice because he felt bad that I had gotten so upset about my mom.

A minute later, James pulled up in front of my house. "So, you want a ride tomorrow?"

"No thanks. I'll just go in with my brother, but thanks for asking." My anger at James had dissipated; he didn't seem like as big a jerk as I initially thought. Still, I couldn't help but feel a little unnerved that he knew how my mom had died.

"I'll see you in class, then," James said, as I stepped out of the car. As I turned to pull the front door closed behind me, I saw that James was still waiting by the curb. He waved as he pulled away.

I ran up the stairs as fast as I could and closed myself in with my library books. I knew that I didn't have much time before Monty and Kevin got home. I found the pages I was looking for quickly. The oldest book was the most helpful. From the time I was a child, the gate had been covered in overgrown moss and vines, but looking at the picture I could tell that originally it had been stunning. In one close-up, I noticed that there was a keyhole on the lower right side. I had always assumed the gate was welded shut or just for show and not meant to be opened, but if there was a keyhole, then perhaps it could be unlocked. Suddenly, I knew that I had to find out what was behind the gate; all I needed was the key.

I walked across the hall to the room that had been my grandfather's study. My dad had never emptied out the old desk, even though it had been years since my grandfather's death. The old wooden desk was full of papers and, after sorting through piles of documents, I did manage to uncover two pencil drawings of the gate. Even though the pages were smudged, the pictures were detailed, and I guessed that my grandfather had been just as intrigued by the gate as I was. I kept searching for more, but got sidetracked when I found my mother's old jewelry box.

Dark wood with a blue 'E' written on the top, the box wasn't particularly fancy. Still, the box brought back so many memories of my mother. When I was little, I would help her pick out jewelry for special occasions. She always humored my selections, even though I was sure they weren't always best. I sat on the floor of the study holding the box and, for the second time that day, I cried. All of my pent-up emotions about my mother spilled out. I couldn't bring myself to open the box, so I brought it across the hall to my bedroom and put it in my own desk drawer. I knew I was running out of time before Monty and Kevin got back, so I went out to examine the gate. I found the keyhole behind years of overgrown vines and moss.

Chapter Five

Kevin

As the referee blew his whistle, I made my move. It was the fourth quarter against Myrtle Beach High School, and we were down by one point with only seconds left. Liam had the ball at the courtside ready to pass. First, I led my opponent into a screen by Mike before becoming open at the three-point line. Liam threw me the ball. I began a fake shot, only to dribble toward the goal around a startled guard. I ran around the defense and performed a reverse layup. As the ball hung in the air, a silence fell over the crowd. The ball gently kissed the glass as the buzzer rang, then fell through the hoop, winning the game.

Man, it felt good to be back on the court. It was my first game since getting back to Charleston and, even though I would have preferred to start with a home game, playing somewhere else took off some of the pressure. It was also fun to be playing on Monty's team. He had always been a great coach, even though I had never gotten the impression that basketball was his favorite thing. He seemed more into his music.

I went along with the post-game motions, shaking hands with the opposing team and accepting congratulations from the few fans that had come to watch, but I could tell that some of the guys on the team were annoyed with me. It wasn't like I didn't get it. I showed up here a few weeks into the season and, in theory, took away some of their playing time, but the guys who looked angry weren't the ones who would have had the chance to make the final shot. If anything, Liam should have been mad; he's the one who could have made the shot, but it was pretty obvious that he didn't care. He just seemed to be glad that we had won. I just hoped that the next game wouldn't come down to a last-minute shot; I would have preferred a large lead.

We got back on the bus, and I sat in the back with Liam and the rest of the varsity team. The same players were still giving me rude looks, so I decided to call them on it.

"Do you have a problem?" I asked the group in general.

"Maybe we do," a junior answered. "You show up here, and suddenly you're the one who gets to make the winning shot just because you're the coach's nephew."

This guy couldn't be serious. "Yeah, so you think it was favoritism that gave me game time, not that Coach wanted us to win?" I asked, and Liam started to laugh.

Liam tried to diffuse the situation. "Seriously, guys, lay off. Just be happy we won, and we still have a chance to make the playoffs."

The annoying kid turned around in his seat, but not without mumbling, "At least if we have to be stuck with the Calloways again, one of them is hot."

"Is that punk seriously talking about my sister that way with me here?" I asked Liam angrily. Complaining about my playing time was one thing, but talking about my sister that way was off limits.

"Just let it go, Kevin. They shouldn't be talking about her that way, but I get it," Liam said.

"You what?" I hoped Liam wasn't actually defending the kid.

"I just mean that your sister isn't a kid anymore. Guys are going to notice her, including guys on this team."

"Easy for you to say." I tried to calm down.

"I care about her too, but I think that it just goes with the territory of having a little sister, you know?"

I didn't have a chance to respond. Suddenly, Brian, the point guard, pulled off his earphones and turned around to look at us. "Are you guys talking about Charlotte?"

"Yeah." I wondered why Brian was suddenly joining the conversation.

"Liam introduced me to her in gym the other day. She seems pretty cool."

"Yeah, she can be." I was a little surprised that he chose to describe her as cool.

"It also looked like you taught her how to shoot," he said casually.

"Yeah, Charlotte could be good at sports; she just doesn't like to be on teams or something." I wasn't sure where the conversation was going.

"Well, she's in good shape." He must have noticed the look of confusion on my face because he added, "I mean, she looks like she probably works out or something."

"Not really, I think it's just good genes." I hoped he was just wondering why she wasn't on the girls team.

"Oh, makes sense. Anyway, I invited her to the party I'm having Friday night, and she said she'd come."

"She said she would come to your party?" I was sure Brian could hear the surprise in my voice.

"Yeah, her and a friend."

Wow, Charlotte was actually doing well. I had been really nervous for her. I hadn't talked to her much in the last two days, but I wondered why a senior wanted my sister at his party. I made a mental note to ask Liam later.

"Great, it'll be a little weird to be at the same party as my sister, but it's fine."

Things had really changed around here. Liam had always been my friend, but he hadn't been exactly what I would call athletic. I wasn't complaining. It was great being on the team together, but it felt different. And what about Charlotte? I knew at some point I was going to have to deal with her and boys, but I had thought I would have more time.

As everyone filed off the bus, I signaled for Liam to stay back with me. "So, are there any guys I need to kill if they go near my sister?"

"Well, I would be wary of Brian. He's cool and all, but I think he kind of likes to go for the younger girls." Liam must have seen the look of concern on my face, because he continued, "Yeah, but I doubt he'll try anything anytime soon, and I'll watch out, too."

"Thanks, I can use whatever help I can get." And it seemed I might need more help than I had thought.

"Well, I don't have any little sisters to watch out for, so I might as well help look after yours." He paused, then added, "Oh, and I almost forgot, there's also that James kid."

"James?"

"Yeah, the one who took Charlotte to the library yesterday? I don't know much about him, but he seemed a little too excited about studying." Evidently, Liam assumed I knew something about a guy taking Charlotte to the library. Monty had only told me she had gotten a ride home from a classmate.

"Good to know. Any chance you could point him out to me tomorrow?"

"Yeah, not a problem."

I felt a little better after talking to Liam; at least I knew to watch out for Brian, and I had a heads up on James, whoever he was. I was glad I had a few months to help get Charlotte settled before I took off, but I was suddenly realizing that my sister having a social life might be a double-edged sword.

Chapter Six

Charlotte

"So, are you still planning to go to Brian's party tonight?" Monty asked, as he joined me on the bench next to the fountain in the garden. Monty had already disconnected the water for the season, but I reconnected it, wanting to hear the relaxing sound of running water. I had always loved the garden and, even in November, it still seemed to be partially in bloom.

"I think I may go," I said distractedly.

"Only go if it's what you want to do. I know Kevin was giving you a hard time about trying to be social, but whether you go to parties or not isn't important. And if you do go, be careful. They're all pretty good kids, but most of them are older than you, and you just never know."

"Yes, Dad," I said, drawing out the word Dad.

"Hey, I'm just trying to look out for you. I feel bad that I haven't been around enough since you got here. I feel like we haven't talked much." He looked concerned.

I tried to reassure him. "I'm fine, Monty. And I'm used to minimal adult supervision. Dad was usually working, and I understand how busy basketball season is. Plus, I'm almost sixteen, not a little kid anymore."

"But you do know that you're more important than my team, right? If you need me, I'm here."

"I know. Please don't worry about me, I'm fine." I smiled to get my point across.

"If you say so, but let's just try to talk more in the future, okay?" He looked at me for agreement.

"We'll talk more, I promise," I assured him before changing the subject. "So, do you think Kevin will drive me to the party tonight?"

In gym, Anna had told me she was getting a ride with a junior and checked to make sure I didn't need to be picked up. I decided that I would take my chances with Kevin. That way, if he didn't want to drive me, I had a good excuse not to go.

"If not, I will," Monty offered.

"Um, Monty, that's really generous, but-"

"What? I'm not cool enough?" he asked.

"You're a teacher," I reminded him.

"Fair enough. I'm sure Kevin will give you a ride."

Monty walked away after gently patting my shoulder; I could tell that he still worried about me. I hated seeing Monty concerned; I didn't want him to consider me a burden or anything. We had all taken my mom's death hard, but Monty changed more than the rest of us. He was always a worrier, but now it was like he walked around with a huge weight on his shoulders.

I sat outside staring at the wrought iron gate for over an hour. I had been told I could never go back there, and I had never pressed the issue much. I had tried the gate once or twice as a child, but it had always been locked, and I never thought much of it. Since Wednesday, I had spent hours thinking about the gate. I thought about asking Monty about it, but he had always been so adamant that I stay away from it that it didn't seem worth getting him angry. At a quarter to eight, I went up to my room to get ready for the party. As much as I hated social occasions, I knew I couldn't get out of it now. Kevin actually seemed excited to give me a ride. Besides, what else was I going to do? I figured I'd go for an hour, and then come home and read. I pulled on a pair of dark blue jeans and a lightweight purple V-neck sweater. Passing on my usual sneakers, I forced myself to wear a pair of black boots. Boots weren't the most comfortable, but I figured I should at least appear to be making an effort. I straightened my ponytail and put on a pair of simple earrings. Satisfied with my appearance, I went downstairs where Kevin was already waiting.

"I can't believe you are actually going," he said after we said goodbye to Monty and headed out the door.

"Gee, thanks, Kevin." I wasn't really annoyed but I tended to get snippy when nervous.

"Oh, come on. Lighten up, you might actually have fun."

"Sure. I'm going, at least give me credit for that, okay? But really, thanks for driving me. I assume you could have been taking someone else?" I ventured.

Kevin chortled. "What's better than showing up at a party with my kid sister?" Unfortunately, it was a short ride. Kevin looked over at me as he parked along the curb. "Try to have fun. Okay?"

"Sure, I'll try." I hoped it wouldn't take too much effort.

The party was in full swing when we arrived. We were hit with blaring music as soon as we opened the door. I recognized some of the kids there, but not most, probably because it was mostly seniors. Walking into the party was just about as scary as I had expected, with all eyes fixed on us, but it was also a relief not to be walking in alone. I spotted Anna waving, so I walked over. Kevin was probably relieved to get rid of me.

Anna introduced me to her friend Molly, the girl who had given her the ride. Molly seemed really nice, but just as boy crazy as Anna. It didn't take long before they zeroed in on some senior boys. I took the opportunity to wander around, already thinking of escape.

I walked into the kitchen and started looking around for a soda or something; I was nervous enough that I was getting thirsty. I tried to stay calm, but I also felt dumb for even coming. I should have known it would end up like this. I was starting to feel pretty miserable, when suddenly Brian was at my side.

"Hey, you actually came." He hugged me as if we were old friends.

"Yeah, I'm here. Thanks for the invitation."

"Not a problem, you can never have too many girls at a party. Lemonade?" he offered, holding out a red plastic cup.

I was tempted to ask if the lemonade was alcoholic, but I already felt stupid. I figured I could just trash it if it was. "Sure." I accepted the cup.

"Cheers, to new friends," Brian said, as he picked up another cup from the counter and tapped it to mine.

"To new friends," I echoed awkwardly, as I took a sip. It was sweet; I could drink it.

"So, how do you like being back?" he asked.

"It's nice, warmer." I couldn't believe I was having so many conversations about weather.

"Yeah, Alaska must have been pretty cold in the winter, especially for someone from down here."

For a second, there was an awkward silence, but then he filled it with, "So, is the scene here different than up in Alaska?"

"The scene? Um, well I'm probably not the one to ask about that. I wasn't really part of any scene." I felt pretty silly.

"Oh, yeah? So wait, is this your first party, then?" he asked excitedly.

"I guess so. I mean I spent a few minutes at some of the parties Kevin had at our house." I figured honestly would work best here.

"Wow. I'm honored you decided to come tonight, then, glad you're coming out of your shell." He smiled. "So, we should really hang out sometime. It's nice to see you outside of gym."

"Umm... maybe." I blushed. Was he trying to ask me out or just being nice? I really didn't understand the social graces.

"Cool. We'll have to make some plans. I should make some rounds, but I'll definitely find you later," he said, before walking off.

I was grateful he had come over to say hello, but something about him made me nervous. I was lost in thought, wondering what Brian was all about, when someone tapped me on the shoulder. I jumped, almost spilling my drink.

"Not too many sophomores here, huh?" James seemed amused that he had startled me.

"Nope, I'm pretty much here because Anna said yes for the both us," I said, recovering.

"I wasn't quite as formally invited, but Brian didn't seem to care." James smiled.

"Wait. You're crashing this party?" I asked, once again surprised.

"Can you really crash a house party?"

"Technically."

"Are you always such a rules person, Charlotte?" he asked with his all too frequent habit of making complete eye contact.

"Yeah, I guess I am," I admitted.

"Figures," he mumbled.

"Excuse me?" I was slightly offended.

"It's just that I wonder if you even know how to take chances." He shrugged.

"I take chances," I defended.

"Yeah, like when?"

"Well, I went to the library with you, right?" I hoped that counted for something in his book.

"That's not taking a chance, Charlotte. That's being normal," he said lightly.

"Well, I don't have too many opportunities to take chances." Between my father, my brother, and my uncle, I was pretty well protected.

"Well, we'll have to see about that, but have fun with your rules." With that, he walked away, toward the living room. I had barely processed our conversation when Kevin came into the kitchen with two girls.

"Hey Sis! How are you doing?" Kevin looked excited to see me.

"Hi, Kev. I'm doing alright." I tried to sound enthusiastic.

"Charlotte, have you met Amanda and Karen?" He pointed to the girls.

"No. Nice to meet you." I gave them a nod, figuring that this was not the time or place to shake hands.

"Well, have fun!" Leave it to my brother to have two girls hanging on him; he could be such a player sometimes.

I walked out into the living room and caught a glimpse of Anna and Molly, but they seemed be having too much fun flirting with the older boys at the party to notice me. I walked around for a little bit, starting to feel restless again. I decided to sit down on an empty couch to plan my exit strategy.

"Having fun, huh?" Liam asked, looking down at me.

"Oh, hey, Liam. It's that obvious, huh?" I felt silly once again.

"Well, a girl sitting alone on a couch is never a good sign at a party." Liam hesitated for a moment before sitting next to me.

"Yeah, parties aren't really my thing."

"I could kind of tell you weren't thrilled when Brian asked you about it at gym, but I'm glad you came, and your brother sure is, too."

"Yeah, well, he hates having a loser sister." I played absently with the sleeve of my sweater.

"He cares about you, Charlotte; he just wants you to have fun."

I shrugged. "I guess."

Liam turned to look at me. "Well, I don't think Kevin has to worry about you becoming a social hermit here if your first weekend is any evidence."

"So did he put you up to all this?" I really wanted to know why he was being so nice.

"To all what?" Liam asked innocently.

"Inviting me to this party, talking to me now."

"Why would he do that?"

"So I wouldn't feel like a loser. I distinctly remember him asking you to help." I found myself wondering once again why Liam was playing stupid. Was he just trying to spare my feelings?

"The invitation was all Brian; he's pretty friendly." Liam tapped his fingers on his leg like he was playing a bass line. He always used to do that as a kid.

"Yeah, I get that," I said, and he looked at me kind of funny.

"So, I'm all for you coming out, but just let me know if anyone is... well, too friendly, you know?"

"Ha! Thanks, Liam." I felt awkward again. I couldn't imagine going to Liam because a guy was hitting on me too much; that would be too weird.

"So, how did that library thing with James go?" he asked casually.

"Oh." I was surprised that Liam even remembered. "Fine, productive."

"I still can't believe Monty let him drive you. How was the ride, anyhow?" He seemed genuinely curious.

"Yeah, I think Monty's trying to be cool. This whole telling me what to do thing is new, and the car felt just like any other car." I wasn't sure what he wanted to hear.

A boy I didn't recognize came up to Liam and said something so quietly I couldn't hear it. Liam turned back to me. "Hey, I hate to run, but I'll catch up with you in a few minutes."

"Not a problem," I said, as he walked away. I briefly wondered what that was all about.

I got up and walked around again. My desire to be at the party was progressively waning, so I looked around for Kevin. I saw that he was still engrossed with Amanda and Karen. Next, I saw Rachel, who I hadn't even said hello to yet, but she looked pretty cozy with her boyfriend; I didn't want to interrupt. Finally, I spotted Anna.

"Hi, Anna," I said. "Could I ask you a favor?"

"Sure." She seemed slightly hesitant.

"I'm really tired and want to head home. Could you tell my brother that I went ahead and left?"

Anna reacted just as I had hoped. Somehow I knew Anna wouldn't mind having an excuse to talk to my brother. "Sure, I totally don't mind giving Kevin the message. Not a problem!"

"Great, thanks!" I was both surprised and relieved that she didn't ask how I was getting home.

As I headed toward the front door, I caught a quick glance of Liam talking intently to a girl I didn't recognize. I guessed that she had something to do with what the other boy had whispered to him earlier. No need to bother him and ruin his fun. It was nice that he talked to me, but he clearly had his own life.

I slipped out the front door and closed it quietly behind me, even though no one would have heard if I had slammed it, considering how loud the music was. I knew that walking home alone at night was a bad idea, but I had really needed to get out of there. No matter how hard I tried, social situations were always awkward. It took so much effort to figure out where to stand, who to talk to, and what to hold; it never seemed worth it. Just thinking about how strange I had felt at the party made me want to cry. I didn't get why I couldn't be more like my brother, comfortable no matter what the situation.

I walked home as quickly as I could, wishing I had worn sneakers instead of boots. The further I got from the party, the more nervous I felt about walking alone. Suddenly, I felt the sensation that I was being followed. I started to get nervous; I wondered if those few sips of lemonade may have made me sick. I picked up my pace.

"You know, you should be more careful about where you walk alone at night; you never know who could be following you." For the second time that night, I jumped as a result of James.

"What are you doing here?" I was startled but relieved that it was James and not a stranger. Still, the way he talked about someone following me gave me the creeps.

"I saw you leave the party alone and decided to see where you were going, you know, see you home safe. Why did you leave alone, anyhow?"

"No choice really."

"What about Liam? He is your neighbor, after all."

"He was busy. Plus, he's Kevin's friend, not mine." I hoped James didn't hear the disappointment in my voice.

"Busy? Oh, you mean talking to Claudia. Trust me, he would have rather walked you home." James gave me a knowing smile. "And, why not your brother?"

"Kevin? Are you crazy? He wasn't ready to leave."

"You know, you really don't give the men in your life enough credit," he said seriously.

"Whatever you say." The words came out automatically.

"So, you want some company? It's pretty late to be walking alone," James offered.

"Um, sure." I was once again relieved that it was James out there with me in the dark.

"But Charlotte, you should really text your brother or something, let him know that a friend is walking you home."

"Sure." I took out my phone and sent Kevin a fast text. "But I don't think he would really care; besides, I told my friend to tell him I was leaving."

"Yeah, but he would still want to make sure you got home all right," James insisted.

"I guess so."

"Trust me, he would. Did I tell you I actually had a talk with your brother earlier today?" James asked, as we walked briskly toward my house.

"Yeah? About what?" I was surprised they even knew each other.

"He wanted to make sure I knew that he was watching me and that I needed to be careful with you." James smiled.

"He what?" I asked incredulously.

"Oh, come on. He's your older brother, and he found out about our study date. He did what any normal brother would do," James said, as we neared my house.

"Our study date?" I was taken aback.

"Would you prefer I call it a study session? I didn't know you were so concerned about semantics." He caught my eye as I opened the side gate. I thought it was odd that James would use a word like semantics, but maybe he just liked to sound smart.

I prepared to say goodbye to James, but he was still following me. I didn't actually mind the company, so I kept walking until I reached the bench by the fountain. James sat down next to me, right where Monty had sat earlier that evening.

"So, what are we doing out here? Thinking about what wild animals wait ahead?" He gestured at the gate.

I smiled, surprised that his sarcasm was actually funny. "I don't know why you're sitting out here, just why I am."

"Okay, so why are you sitting here?"

"You'll laugh." I really didn't want to give James another reason to give me a hard time.

"Try me."

"You know how I said the gate was locked?"

"Yeah," he said, clearly eager for me to continue.

"Well, I always assumed it was welded shut or something, but I found some pictures of the gate in those library books and realized that under all that moss and ivy there's a keyhole, so maybe that's all it is."

"Have you looked for the key?" he asked.

"I don't know where to start," I admitted.

"Sometimes the thing you want is something you already have." James stood to leave. Of course, he was going to end the night on a cryptic note.

"What are you talking about?"

"Good night, Charlotte. Take care," he said quietly.

"Good night," I said, as James's figure disappeared into the darkness. It came as no surprise that he didn't bother to answer me.

Something I already had? What was James getting at? Though I tried to brush off his last comment, it had struck a chord with me. Even though the house had always belonged to my dad's family, the garden had always been my mom's place. I started to think about the few things of my mother's that were still around and immediately remembered the jewelry box. I ran inside quickly, trying to be quiet because I didn't know if Monty was asleep. I ran up both flights of stairs and closed the door to my room.

James's comment had made me think of a necklace my mom used to wear. I opened the box and rummaged through the jewelry until I found it. The solid chain had two pendants, both made of an almost iridescent crystal, one in the shape of an orb, and the other a key. I knew that there was a good chance that I would break the crystal key by trying it in the lock, but I wasn't going to let that stop me. Suddenly, I felt angry. Who cared if I broke it? It wasn't like Mom was around to yell at me, and Monty and Kevin wouldn't even notice. After clasping the necklace around my neck and throwing on a jacket, I ran downstairs and jogged down the garden path. I yanked back the vines and carefully slipped the key into the lock. Hoping it wouldn't completely break, I tried to turn the key, but it wouldn't budge. A wave of disappointment engulfed me. I jiggled the key gently and was finally able to turn it slightly. I put more pressure into it and was able to push the key all the way around. I hesitated a moment before trying the gate. I knew that what I was doing was clearly against the rules and, if I got caught, I would probably be in more trouble than ever, but really, if my family wanted me to stay out of it, they could at least tell me why. Besides, the key hadn't been very hard to find. I pushed against the gate and felt it give. As I stepped through, I had a strong feeling that nothing would ever be the same again.

Chapter Seven

Charlotte

It took time for my eyes to adjust to the brightness. The faint moonlight had been replaced by what looked like direct sunlight. As the gate clanged shut behind me, I panicked for a second. Once my eyes adjusted, I tried my key and, unlike the other side, I had no trouble turning the key in this lock. I breathed a sigh of relief; I could get home.

I knew that logically I should no longer be in a garden and should be at the far wall, but judging by the foliage all around me, I was still in a garden. However, this was not the manicured garden of my yard; it was wild, full of flowers with colors several shades brighter than anything I had ever seen. These flowers seemed so much more alive than any plants I had ever seen before. I was so enchanted by the colors that it took me a few minutes to question where the light was coming from.

I tore my eyes away from the flowers and looked up to see a bright blue, sun-filled sky. The air was much warmer, so I took off my jacket. When the sun touched my skin, a comforting feeling washed over me, as if I had walked into my own house. My concerns over the party disappeared. I was awestruck by several trees that made the giant redwood trees in California look small. Even when I craned my neck, I couldn't see the tops of them. The multitude of sounds nearly overwhelmed me. It was like an entire symphony, only the instruments were birds and insects. I could imagine sitting down with my cello to join in, losing myself in the soothing melodies.

I could have stayed in that one spot forever, but I continued through the garden and out into an open field. Although the trees and flowers didn't extend that far, the low grass on the field was almost neon green, and the sky in the clearing was just as blue.

A flock of birds colored with hues as bright as the flowers flew overhead. The colors were unbelievable, an artist's dream. The birds veered and flew toward me. It took me a moment to realize they were actually flying away from a much larger bird that was equally colorful. The larger bird had long, sharp talons and, in the back of my mind, I wondered if I should be afraid, but I seemed to know instinctively that the bird wouldn't hurt me.

Suddenly, an arrow shot through the sky, hitting the large bird. It fell to the ground, and I felt a simultaneous stab of pain. I ran to the bird with tears welling in my eyes. Without thinking, I pulled the arrow out of its side and stroked one of the bird's beautiful wings. There was a sudden burst of heat, and then the bird rose and flew away. It looked back once as if to study me before it disappeared past the horizon.

I looked around. Someone had to have shot the arrow, but from where? I heard the crunch of dirt and twigs behind me. Startled, I stood quickly and turned around. I came face to face with a guy who appeared to be a few years older than me. My eyes locked with his deep green ones, and I was transfixed. I felt a tightening in my chest and became dizzy.

"Hello, Miss," he said. "Are you all right?"

"Yes, but why... why did you shoot that beautiful bird?" I was still unable to tear my gaze from his beautiful eyes. I felt like I no longer had control of my senses; all I could do was stare.

"I was saving your life. That bird could have killed you."

"Hardly, it was so beautiful."

"Even beautiful things can be deadly."

After a few moments, I finally broke the trance and looked at more than his eyes. I immediately realized just how handsome he was. He was tall, at least as tall as Kevin, with even broader shoulders and jet-black hair falling just below his ears. Maybe it was the stubble on his face, but there was something rugged about him. I could feel my heart racing; even our conversation didn't make my feelings any less intense. It seemed like he was deliberating, taking small steps as he came closer, as though he was trying not to scare me.

"My name is Calvin."

"I'm Charlotte." I shook his offered hand.

He looked at me kindly. "You're not from around here, are you, Charlotte?"

I was puzzled by his question. "I actually live right through that garden, on the other side of the gate."

"Oh, your clothing looked foreign to me," he said, gesturing. "I didn't know there was anything through that gate." I looked down at my jeans and sweater and then over at Calvin. I was startled when I realized that he was wearing clothing that appeared to be from a rustic Renaissance fair. He wore a white cotton shirt with black pants and black boots, but it was clearly not the type of clothing that anyone I knew wore.

"Where am I?" Between the colors, sounds, and birds, I already knew something was up, but Calvin's comment about my clothes just reiterated how strange this place was.

"You're just south of Rawlins," he answered simply.

"Rawlins? I've never heard of it." The description did nothing to help me.

"You said that you live through the gate, what city lies there?" Calvin asked.

"Charleston." After I said it, I realized that he might not know where that was.

"Charleston? Never heard of it." He sounded disappointed. "Do you come here often? It is not frequent that one encounters a young woman out in this area." He took a step closer, so close I could feel his breath on my face.

"I've never been through the gate before tonight." I felt so warm and comfortable in his presence.

"Tonight? Have you been here that long?" he asked, suddenly concerned.

"No." I realized how crazy it might sound if I tried to explain that I had left my house late at night.

Calvin didn't seem to hear; he just stared at me. Then, he said, "I do not mean to be so forward, but would you like to take a walk with me, Charlotte?"

"Yes, that would be great." In the back of my mind, I knew that taking a walk with a guy I didn't know wasn't very smart, but I couldn't help my response. It was like when I had kissed Liam, out of my control.

Calvin grabbed my hand and led me across the field to a forest. I couldn't understand why I was so drawn to him. He had a physical effect on me I had never felt nor imagined, and the thought of saying goodbye gave me a sharp pain in my chest. I found myself going through every description I knew of love at first sight and rejecting them as a comparison-this was different; it was stronger. It was like something larger than myself was pushing me toward him, telling me that I belonged by his side.

We walked through the forest until he led me to a rock overlooking a shallow river. The water was an iridescent blue and seemed to change color slightly as it flowed. He helped me sit, and then sat down next to me, never once letting go of my hand. I turned toward him and looked down at my hand in his; my hand looked so small in comparison. With my free hand, I traced his other palm with my finger and could tell by his rough skin and callouses his were the hands of someone who had worked hard. I guess I should have known that already, considering he was hunting with arrows.

We sat on the rock for what felt like hours, listening to the water and the birds. Every time I looked at Calvin, he was looking at me, and each time our eyes locked, I got the same sensation I had the first time I saw him. I was about to look away after the third time when Calvin pulled me closer and kissed me. The tightening in my chest became stronger, and I felt incredible warmth. I kissed him back with more intensity than I thought possible. When I finally pulled away, I felt lightheaded. Calvin, as though he knew, pulled me tight against him so my head could rest on his chest. I breathed in his scent, more content than I had ever been in my life, listening to his heartbeat. Somehow, I knew I was where I was supposed to be, in the arms of this boy I had just met.

"Charlotte?"

"Yes?" I turned my head so I could look up into his eyes again.

"Do you feel it, too?" He ran his hand gently down my back.

I nodded, still looking into his eyes.

"Is it not wonderful?"

"The best," I said. He kissed me gently on the lips.

Suddenly the sky opened up, and rain poured down. The rain felt cool and warm at the same time.

"Unbelievable," Calvin said, as he looked up at the rain.

"What is?"

"The rain. It is the first we have had in many months," he said excitedly.

"Really?" I was surprised. We had just had rain earlier that week.

"Yes, but I do not want you to be soaked. Let us find a dry place to wait it out."

Calvin led me to a denser part of the forest where the tree cover blocked the rain.

"Is this okay? You are not cold, are you?" he asked, concern clear in his voice.

"No, no, I'm perfect," I assured him, snuggling in as close as I could.

We sat down in the grass under the trees. Calvin took both of my hands in his. My hair was wet, and my ponytail was slipping, so I pulled my hands from his to fix it. He touched my wrist gently to stop me from putting the hair band back in, so I let my hair fall down around my face.

"You have such beautiful hair. Please, can you leave it down?" He brushed a few strands away from my face.

"Yes, of course." I put the hair band around my wrist.

"Who are you, Charlotte?" Calvin asked, once my hands were back in his.

"Who am I?" I asked, confused.

"How is it that I meet the girl of my dreams when I am only home on leave for a fortnight?" He squeezed my hands lightly.

"So, you don't always live here?" I asked, suddenly afraid I wouldn't see him again.

"My family is here, but I am now training in Bellgard." His tone let me know that this was something to be proud of.

"Bellgard?"

"Yes, the capital. I have started at a good rank, and the prospects are great. I have to return soon." He looked happy by my interest.

"When?" I hoped we had some time.

"In three days," he answered solemnly.

"Oh." Sadness flooded through me. He was leaving in three days; I wouldn't even get the chance to get to know him. Somehow, that thought finally snapped me out of my daze long enough to make me realize that I needed to go home.

"I have to go," I said reluctantly; it was the exact opposite of what I wanted to say.

"Now? Please, will you not stay?" he pleaded.

"I want to, but I know that my family might start to worry." I hoped it was still night at home so Monty wouldn't have called the police thinking I was missing.

"May I see you again before I leave?" Calvin asked.

"Yes, when can you meet me?" I knew that I would find a way to see him whenever he was available.

"I do not think I can get away tomorrow, but what about the following day, at the same time?"

"I can do that," I said, as he helped me to my feet.

"I will walk you home, Charlotte. A young woman should not be walking unaccompanied, although I am so glad you were today." He smiled and held my hand in his again.

"Me, too."

We walked back out through the forest and into the field. I would have had no idea how to get back, but Calvin led me. He looked over at me every few seconds. When he wasn't looking at my face, he was looking at our hands. Calvin walked me back through the garden, and we stopped at the gate.

"I live right through here," I told him, wanting him to know where to find me.

"I will meet you right here in two days time."

"I can't wait." I gave him a light smile even though I hated to say goodbye.

"Me, either," he said quietly. I was about to take out my necklace to open the gate, but he suddenly pulled me to him for a kiss. I was left breathless.

"You really make me do things I normally would not, but am I right to assume that you do not mind?" he asked, smiling.

"Not in the slightest." I returned his smile.

Calvin squeezed my hand before slowly letting it go. I inserted the crystal key in the lock and felt the gate give way. I looked behind me as I walked through, and Calvin stood watching me.

"Until next time, Charlotte," he said quietly.

"Bye, Calvin." I closed the gate.

Chapter Eight

Charlotte

Daylight was just breaking through the clouds as I walked back into my yard. I felt a mix of disbelief, euphoria, and fear as I ran down the path and slipped as quietly as possible into the house. I walked up the first flight of stairs and tiptoed past Monty's and Kevin's rooms. I soundlessly went up the last set, ran into my room, and quickly changed into pajamas before collapsing on my bed.

I rolled around in bed for hours, unable to stop thinking about Calvin and the intensity of feelings I had experienced. Now that I was away from him, the craziness of my actions hit me- had I really followed a boy I didn't know into the woods, kissed him more than once, and made plans to see him again? Even more bizarre, I knew I had made the right decision. Being with Calvin was the most natural thing in the world. I was also contending with thoughts about where I had been. The evidence was irrefutable; the gate led to a place that was nothing like Charleston, or any place I had ever seen. That was when the doubt set in.

Had it been a dream? Calvin seemed too wonderful, too real, to be a dream. If not a dream, maybe I imagined it all. I must have finally fallen asleep because, when I glanced at the alarm clock next to my bed, I saw that it was already noon. I crawled out of bed and went to pick up my jeans from where I had thrown them earlier. I noticed a vivid flash of color and realized with surprise that it was a feather, a feather that could belong to only one bird. The bird was real; Calvin was real! I felt like I was flying. But how was I going to make it two whole days? Suddenly hungry, I jumped out of bed.

As I walked downstairs, beautiful piano music filled my ears; Monty was playing a song I had never heard him play before. I had barely heard him play since we got home, and I had been meaning to ask him about it because usually he played often. The melody was in a minor key, creating a sorrowful, melancholy sound full of emotion. I stopped right behind him at the bottom of the stairs. He immediately stopped playing.

"Morning, Charlotte. Rough night?" He turned around to look at me.

"Um, yeah." I assumed he was making fun of me for sleeping so late.

"Char, you are absolutely glowing. Who's the lucky guy?"

"Excuse me?" I tried to understand how he could possibly know. Was I really glowing?

"I'm no expert on teenage girls, but I do know what that glow means." He smiled. I leaned over the piano to examine the music and noticed that Monty had been playing one of his own songs. I focused on it so I could avoid looking at him. He continued, "Fine, keep your secrets, but I have my hunch, and I'll find out sooner or later."

I smiled; there was no way he was going to guess this. "Trust me, you won't."

"So there is a guy?" he asked, studying my face.

"I didn't say that." I didn't want to lie, but I wasn't sure how to tell him the truth.

"But you didn't deny it either." He winked. "I'll figure it out eventually, but for now, go get yourself some breakfast."

In the kitchen, I grabbed a banana and a glass of juice. I was getting ready to go back upstairs when Monty stopped me.

"I almost forgot to ask, how did you get home last night? Did you get in when Kevin did?"

"Oh, I walked home with a friend," I said quickly.

"Which friend?"

"James."

"The same James who took you to the library to study?" Monty gave me a sheepish grin.

"Yeah," I responded, not liking where the conversation was going.

"Just checking," Monty said, still smiling.

I gave Monty an annoyed look and continued upstairs with my breakfast. I ate the banana quickly and then took a long shower, probably using up all of the hot water. I pulled on some clothes and danced around my room for a while thinking about the amazing night I had. I finally stopped, realizing that if I didn't calm down, Monty would pull the truth out of me somehow.

The day dragged. I practiced my cello, worked on my history report, and then zoned out listening to music. It worried me that Monty had picked up on the change in me so easily; I tried to stay out of sight as much as possible, but it wasn't always easy. I went through the motions, but all I could think of was Calvin.

Kevin went out on a date later that night, and I stayed in to watch a movie with Monty. Luckily, Monty didn't question me further. I had the feeling he didn't want to push his luck. We ate pizza and made ice cream sundaes, making me feel like a little kid again. Still feeling the lack of sleep from the night before, I went to bed early. I dreamed of Calvin.

I woke up in an amazing mood and started counting down the hours. I spent most of Sunday in my room finishing homework and staring at the clock. I didn't even leave the house other than to go for a short walk along the water. By evening, I was bubbling with excitement. I was worried that Kevin and Monty would notice at dinner, but they seemed oblivious as they talked about basketball.

Both Monty and Kevin went to bed early. I had pretended to go to bed and even turned off my light, but nothing could have made me fall asleep; I was too excited. I looked through my closet trying to decide what to wear. Clearly, my clothing had stood out last time, so I settled on a long, sleeveless navy dress. It was probably the most conservative dress I owned, especially when paired with the cream-colored cardigan sweater I put on, but it was also really flattering. I put on a pair of comfortable flats and slipped out of my room and down the stairs, careful to be as quiet as possible.

I walked through the garden quickly and inserted my key into the gate. The gate swung open, and I walked through, closing it behind me. As I tried to let my eyes adjust to the light, I felt a pair of arms come around me.

"You came back!" Calvin exclaimed.

"Of course." It felt so good to be back in his arms.

"I've been standing here for an hour, terrified that you would not come," Calvin admitted.

"You said the same time as last time." I suddenly worried that I was late.

"I know, but I did not want you waiting on me. This is not a place for a woman to be wandering alone."

Calvin took my hand and led me through the garden, across the open field, and back into the forest we had been in last time. Once under the cover of the trees, he pulled me to him and kissed me again, this time with even more intensity. Once again, I was left breathless, leaning against him for support.

"I have missed you so much, Charlotte," he breathed. "It was only two days, and I missed you. The coming months will be hard."

"Do you have to go?" I asked.

"Yes. I wish it were not so, but if we want any chance to be together, I need to keep my position."

I felt a lump in the back of my throat, and my stomach hurt as I thought of not seeing him again, but I refused to ruin the time we had together. "But we have today," I whispered.

"Yes, we have today." He gently touched my cheek.

Suddenly, Calvin looked nervous. "I was hoping I could take you to meet my family today. Would you be interested in seeing my home?" He watched me carefully, waiting for my reaction.

I was shocked. Was he really going to bring me home to meet his family already? Of course, I felt the same intensity of feelings for him, but it seemed like such a monumental step. I had never even been on a date before, let alone met a boy's parents. I also knew that telling him no was not an option. I could see the hopeful look in his eyes, and I found myself agreeing. I was really glad that I had decided to put on a dress.

We continued through the forest, then suddenly turned and came out into a small village. When I say small, I mean small; there were less than a dozen buildings. Calvin then led me into a large field. He pointed out several small structures and additional fields and told me it was all part of his father's land. He explained that the crops really hadn't been good the last few years, but that the rain from the other day had helped a lot. We eventually came upon a farm house, and without Calvin telling me, I knew we had reached his home. We were just nearing the house when the door swung open, and a woman, probably in her forties, came out smiling. A young girl, probably around ten, shyly followed her.

"Charlotte," Calvin said, dropping my hand, but placing his hand on the small of my back to urge me forward, "please meet my mother and my sister Rebecca."

I nervously accepted his mother's outstretched hand. "Pleased to meet you. I'm Charlotte."

"We have already heard so much about you, dear. Please come in." She gestured toward the house.

Calvin led me through the door with his mother and sister following. We entered directly into a kitchen with a roaring fire in one corner and a large wood table in the center of the room. I looked around at the simple but warm kitchen and immediately felt comfortable. A man and two boys entered through a back door. The man, tall and broad like Calvin, smiled when he saw me and immediately introduced himself.

"You must be Charlotte. I am Calvin's father, Harold Boyd. We are so pleased that you were able to join us for lunch," he said, before encouraging the two boys to move forward. Calvin introduced me to his younger brothers, Nathanial, who looked to be about fourteen, and Jacob, who was probably twelve.

Calvin's mother brought a large pot over to the table while the rest of the family took their seats. I sat next to Calvin. As comfortable as I was in his home, it felt foreign to be sitting at someone else's table.

"So Charlotte, Calvin tells us that you are from a place called Charleston?" his father asked politely.

"Yes, sir. It's not too far from here." I hoped he didn't ask me to give more details.

"Calvin said your home is behind the old gate. Has your family lived there long?"

"Well, the house has been in my father's family forever, and I grew up there, but I went away for a few years and just returned." I hoped he wouldn't ask me where I was in the interim because, if they hadn't heard of Charleston, I doubted they had heard of Fairbanks, Alaska.

Mrs. Boyd served bowls of a warm, hearty stew. The stew was delicious and reminded me of how long it had been since I had eaten a real home-cooked meal. My dad and Monty both tried, but they were too busy to do it all. We ate in silence for a few minutes, which was a relief because it meant that they wouldn't ask me too many more questions about where I was from. Calvin looked over at me a few times with a smile, and I nervously smiled back. After lunch, Mrs. Boyd cleared the table, and then came back to sit down.

When Mrs. Boyd was seated, I noticed that she was eyeing my necklace. I had been so distracted by seeing Calvin that I had forgotten to tuck it under my dress. "What a beautiful necklace, Charlotte," Mrs. Boyd said graciously.

"Oh, thank you. It was my mother's."

"Well, how nice of your mother to give you such a beautiful piece of jewelry."

I wasn't sure if it was appropriate to correct her, but I decided that if Calvin and I were really getting serious, they should at least know that my mother had died. "Actually, my mother died almost five years ago. I found this in her old jewelry box," I said softly. Calvin immediately looked over at me with kindness in his eyes. He found my hand under the table and squeezed it.

"Oh, I am sorry. It must be so difficult for you as a young woman without a mother," Mrs. Boyd said. "Are you named after your mother?"

"No," I answered, surprised that she would think that. "My mother's name was Emma." Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed Mr. and Mrs. Boyd exchanging pointed glances.

"Has your father remarried?" Mr. Boyd asked.

"No. I really don't think he's over my mother yet, and besides, I think he's too busy with work. That's why I'm back in Charleston. He sent my older brother and me to live with our uncle Monty, back home." I bit my lip, mad at myself for saying too much. I noticed the Boyds exchanging glances again. A simple no would have sufficed, now I was opening myself up to more questions.

I was right about the questions. They asked me about Kevin and Monty, whether they were married and what their professions were. I think the Boyds were surprised when I told them that Kevin was a student and Monty a teacher. They also asked about Dad; I kept it simple and told them that he studied rocks because I had a feeling they wouldn't know what a geologist was.

Eventually, Calvin made a motion to stand up, so I followed. I thanked his mother for the wonderful lunch and told them I was glad to have met them. The whole family walked us outside and told me that they enjoyed meeting me and looked forward to seeing me again soon. Calvin excused himself for a moment to talk to his parents privately, leaving me with his younger siblings. I talked with his sister while I waited nervously for Calvin to return, assuming that they were talking about me. Calvin came back over to me smiling brightly. We said goodbye to his brothers and sister before we walked back through the village and into the forest. He led me deeper into the forest until we came to an absolutely stunning waterfall.

"This is my favorite place; I just wanted to share it with you," Calvin said as, still holding hands, we sat down in the soft grass. He never seemed able to fully let go of me when we were together, as though he feared I would disappear if we lost physical contact. I could tell that it took effort for him to keep his distance while we were at his house.

I dipped my free hand into the water and moved it gently back and forth. As I watched, the water seemed to change color slightly, and it warmed until it became almost hot. I removed my hand quickly.

"I hope I made a good impression," I said.

"Of course you did, Charlotte. They thought you were sweet, beautiful, and absolutely perfect for me." While he talked, he absently played with my hair, which I had left down, remembering he liked it better that way.

"You're not just saying that?" It was strange. I was so sure of how Calvin felt about me, but I really didn't know if his parents had just been being nice.

"How could they not love you when you make me this happy?" Calvin smiled. I leaned against him instead of answering. As I listened to Calvin, I noticed a gray cat stopping to look at us intently, studying us. Then, as though it had caught me looking, it darted away. I didn't think I would ever get used to the nuances of this place.

Calvin shifted so that he could look directly into my eyes. "I know that I should have asked this before I ever thought to kiss you, but I hope that you are not promised to anyone." He looked nervous.

"Promised? Wait, like engaged?" I asked, surprised.

He looked at me with concern. "Yes."

"Of course not, I'm not even sixteen yet."

Calvin sighed with relief. "I assumed, but I didn't know. So you are fifteen?"

"Yes, but I'll be sixteen next week." I hoped that he didn't think I was too young for him, since he looked at least seventeen.

"You said earlier that you do not live with your father, but have you sent word to him about me?" Calvin asked.

"No," I said sheepishly. I realized that it probably sounded bad, considering he had already brought me to meet his parents.

"But you have told your uncle, your brother?"

"No," I admitted, feeling worse.

"But Charlotte, I thought you wanted to be with me." Calvin looked upset.

"Of course I want to be with you, but I didn't know how to tell them, or even what to tell them."

"Oh, I guess I did not make you a promise, did I?" He looked embarrassed as he pulled a black rock out of his pocket. "Do you know what this is?" he asked, placing the stone in the palm of my hand.

"No, I don't think so."

He took the stone back and broke the rock, revealing a beautiful blue crystal inside. "This is not much, but it is a rare crystal here. I hope to be able to give you so much more someday, which is why I must go to Bellgard." Calvin took back my hand.

"Calvin, it's so beautiful!" I kissed him in the excitement.

He smiled, clearly pleased by my reaction. "It is the same color as your eyes."

"Thank you!" I realized I hadn't thought to bring him anything. "But what can I give you?"

"You have already given me so much. But would you give me one thing in return?" Calvin asked hopefully. It was clear he was nervous again.

"What can I give you?"

"Promise me you will wait for me. Promise me you will still be here when I return." He looked at me intently.

"I'll be here. Where else would I go?" I wondered why he seemed so serious and nervous.

"I could not handle the thought of you in the hands of another, no matter how worthy they might be," he said after a pause.

"I don't want anyone else. I want you." I leaned back against him.

He smiled and pulled me closer. "You already have me, Charlotte."

We spent hours together. I tried to memorize every detail of his face, his hands, and his mannerisms. I asked him questions about himself, his childhood, and his family. He was the first person in his family to be asked to serve directly at Bellgard; he explained that it was an incredible honor.

He asked me what I did with my days, and I told him about school and playing the cello. He seemed surprised that I was still in school, but seemed also interested in the kinds of things I studied. I gathered that education was different for him. He thought it was wonderful that I was into music. Although he wasn't musically inclined himself, he loved to listen to other people play. I promised him he would hear me one day. I finally tore myself away and told him I had to go home. Calvin walked me to the gate.

"Charlotte, I love you. I will always love you, and I promise that I will be back for you as soon as I can." Calvin took my face in his hands.

"I love you, Calvin, and I promise I will wait for you." I meant every word. I didn't even consider the enormity of the words we were exchanging; they just flowed naturally.

"That promise means everything to me. It will keep me strong in the days to come." He smiled. "If at any time you need to communicate with me, or your family needs proof of my commitments, just contact my family. As I told you, they know that we are perfect for one another and will do everything possible to help us."

"How long will you be gone?" I asked, afraid of the answer.

"Likely it will be months, but I will return as soon as I can. Every day that we are apart is too much, and I will do anything possible to limit the time." He gently stroked my cheek with his thumb.

"I'm scared. I barely know you, yet I know I can't live without you." I tried to hold back my tears.

"I cannot live without you either, but do not be scared. You are with your family, and I will be back for you." With that he kissed me again, longer and with more urgency. "I love you, Charlotte. Never forget that."

By the time I walked back into my yard, it was six o'clock in the morning, and the tears were already flowing. I sincerely hoped that Monty would still be out for a run and wouldn't see me walking in the back door, but I was too emotionally drained to worry. Luckily, I didn't see him on my way up. I knew that I had no time to sleep, so I took a long hot shower and tried to get ready for the day.

Chapter Nine

Kevin

People always say that teenagers are hard to deal with, but really they're talking about teenage girls. We had been back in Charleston for less than two weeks, and already Charlotte was giving poor Monty a headache.

The Monday before Thanksgiving, Monty was grilling burgers for dinner. "Do you know what's going on with Charlotte?" he asked with obvious concern.

"What now?" I asked nervously, because I never knew what to expect with Charlotte.

"Haven't you noticed?" He was obviously surprised by my reaction.

"No." Our schedules were so different that I felt like I had barely seen her since we had moved.

"Well, it's like she's been sleepwalking today. I've even had teachers complaining to me that she fell asleep in class." He wrinkled his brow as if deep in thought. He then went on to tell me that she snapped at him every time he tried to ask her about it.

I tried to calm him down. It was obvious that he was just out of his element with Charlotte. "Well for now, just let it go. She's tired and in a bad mood, not exactly newsworthy." I hoped that he'd relax, and it would all blow over.

Liam came out onto the patio. He was joining us for dinner, which wasn't surprising since he seemed to eat dinner with us at least a couple of times a week, just like he used to. It was so easy to fall back into the old routine, it sometimes felt like we had never left.

"Do you think it's about your mom?" Monty asked, bringing me back to the conversation.

"Maybe, coming back probably dug up a lot of memories."

"That, combined with her birthday and Thanksgiving coming up, might be all it is." Monty sounded hopeful.

"I think it was a lot easier for me losing my dad when I was so young. You and Charlotte really knew your mom," Liam said quietly. Liam never talked about his dad, who had died when Liam was just a baby. He had been so sympathetic when our mom died, though, trying to help us in any way he could. I nodded at him, as Monty told me to go upstairs to get Charlotte.

She was blaring music, so I actually had to walk all the way up to her room. I knocked on the door and, when she didn't answer, I pushed it open. Charlotte was lying on her bed staring at the ceiling.

"Dinner," I said, while trying to determine if she looked upset.

"I'm not hungry." She turned away from me.

I decided to find out just how bad of a mood she was in. "Charlotte, I'm used to you being weird, but be easy on Monty. Babysitting you isn't his job; it's a favor to dad. So ease up, or he might send you to Siberia."

"You think he would send me away?" Charlotte sat up, looking alarmed.

"If he doesn't want to put up with you once I leave." I tried to keep a straight face.

"Fine, I'll come down," she said immediately.

"Good." Trying to hold in my laughter until I was out of her hearing, I walked back downstairs. As soon as I reached the kitchen, I lost it.

"What's so funny?" Monty asked, studying my face. "Is she coming down?"

"Yeah, she's coming down." I couldn't stop laughing

"So what's so funny?" Liam asked.

"She's coming down so Monty doesn't send her to Siberia to live with Dad," I sputtered.

"Why would she think I would do that?" Monty asked.

"Because I told her that if she kept being such a brat, you would want to get rid of her." Before Monty could argue, I continued, "Hey, you wanted her to come down for dinner." Right on cue, Charlotte walked into the room.

"Glad you could join us," I said, finally over the joke.

"Gee thanks." Charlotte glared at me. Wow, she really was in a bad mood.

I watched Charlotte during dinner and realized that she did seem kind of out of it, so I decided to pry a little. I followed her into the kitchen to help her with the dishes. "Hey, are you doing okay?"

"Yeah, I'm fine. I just haven't been sleeping well."

I didn't fully accept her answer. "Are you sick or something?"

"I'm really fine," she repeated. "I think I'll just go to bed early." She mustered a smile. If it wasn't my imagination, she was smiling to appease me.

Tuesday was a typical day. Charlotte seemed like she was back to normal when I saw her at breakfast, even though she was a tad quieter than usual. We had a home game that night that I was pumped about; I was really getting used to the new team. We won again, and the guys seemed to have finally gotten over me being on the team, and were excited about being on a winning streak. I noticed that Charlotte sat with some friends at the game and seemed to have fun. I had never told her, but I was glad that she always came to my home games; I would miss having her at them in college.

I woke up on Thanksgiving not knowing what to expect. Growing up, we always had a big traditional Thanksgiving dinner with our family and Liam's, but for the three years we were in Alaska, we didn't do much. Dad just didn't seem interested, and Charlotte and I were never feeling adventurous enough to try it ourselves. While we were gone, Liam and his mom had continued the tradition, so they would be joining us this year, too. Charlotte seemed especially excited about cooking a big meal, and Monty wanted to encourage her enthusiasm, so it looked like we were going to have way too much food. I had been surprised when Charlotte pulled out all of the old cookbooks because she had never shown any interest in cooking before, but it wasn't like her new enthusiasm for cooking was a bad thing. If it made her happy, and also meant we ate well, then who was I to complain?

I had slept kind of late, so by the time I walked downstairs I could already smell the turkey in the oven. When I walked into the kitchen, Charlotte, Monty, and Debbie were busy cooking with Charlotte directing everything. Figuring someone would give me instructions if they needed help, I poured some juice and took a seat at the table.

"Good morning!" Debbie said cheerfully, taking a break from what she was doing to give me a hug.

"Happy Thanksgiving, Debbie," I told her, as she sat down next to me. Charlotte and Monty came over to the table as well, with Monty drinking a large cup of coffee.

We talked casually for a while. I figured that Liam must have slept in, too, because I hadn't seen him yet. I was wrong. He walked into the kitchen with a big smile on his face and told Charlotte to go check out her computer.

"My computer?" she asked suspiciously.

"There's an early birthday gift on there for you."

Charlotte stood and headed upstairs.

"Wait, what did you get her?" I asked as soon as I heard her on the stairs.

"Just some music, I made her a playlist." Liam leaned against the counter.

"Nice, I'm sure she'll love that." I realized instantly that I would have to rethink my birthday gift for her. Somehow, the iTunes gift card plan didn't sound too creative. It felt like Charlotte was upstairs forever, but she eventually bounded down and gave Liam a hug.

"Wow, thanks so much, Liam. It's awesome. I only listened to a little bit of each song, but I can't wait to listen for real later," Charlotte gushed.

"You're welcome. Happy birthday. It wasn't too hard because you're the only person I know with as eclectic a music taste as mine." He smiled. I looked across the table and noticed that Monty was giving Debbie a funny look, like they were sharing an inside joke.

Our meal was fantastic, and it was a lot of fun to have everyone at the table. Monty made a nice toast about how thankful he was to have Charlotte and me back with him for the holiday. Charlotte got up to give him a hug, and it reminded me of why it had been such a good decision to get Charlotte back in Charleston before I left for school.

I spent a lot of the afternoon watching football with Liam and Monty. Charlotte seemed to be having a great time with Debbie. I had a feeling she was really glad to have a woman around. Monty left us alone while he cleaned up the kitchen, and it was really nice to catch up with Liam. Even though I saw him at practice all the time, and he was over for dinner a lot, I felt like we hadn't had much time to talk, especially when the topic of conversation didn't involve my sister.

"So I never asked you, where are you planning on going to school next year?" I felt kind of bad that it had taken me almost two weeks to broach the subject.

"I'm thinking Tulane or Vanderbilt," Liam replied, "but we'll see when the acceptances roll in."

"Well, if I had to choose between New Orleans and Nashville, I'd go with New Orleans, and remember to save me a spot for Mardi Gras."

Liam laughed. "I'm sure that your coach would love that, taking off for a party right in the middle of the season."

"Ah, good point," I admitted.

When Monty finished cleaning up, the three of us went out to shoot some hoops while Charlotte stayed inside with Debbie. When Liam and Debbie left that night, I sat in the den with Monty and Charlotte just enjoying the sensation of being home. Charlotte was back to normal, and she was going to be just fine when I left for school. It was a nice ending to a very nice Thanksgiving.

Chapter Ten

Charlotte

I had spent most of the evening at my desk daydreaming about Calvin more than actually doing any work. No matter how hard I tried to concentrate, I found myself staring out the window. I was trying to figure out some math problems when I saw a faint light out in the garden. The sun had just set, and I wondered who could possibly be out there. It was the Friday night after Thanksgiving, and Uncle Monty and Kevin weren't due back from the game for another few hours. I walked out onto the porch and realized that I hadn't imagined the light; there was definitely a faint glimmer out there.

Immediately, my heart started to race as I wondered if it could possibly be Calvin. I had managed to pull myself out of my misery over missing him when Kevin made me realize that if I upset Monty too much, he might send me back to live with Dad. I wasn't willing to take the chance of being away when Calvin came back to find me. The thought of seeing him excited me, but I felt doubtful that he could be back already. Still, I was unwilling to risk missing him if there was even the faintest possibility of seeing him again.

I zipped up a hoodie over my t-shirt and tied on sneakers. Calvin had said he would be gone for months, but that light looked like it was coming from beyond the gate. It had to be him. I tried to come up with scenarios for how he had returned so soon as I rushed downstairs and into the night. I deliberated for a moment at the gate, but soon pulled out the necklace which I had started wearing every day so that I would always be ready. I inserted the key into the lock and pushed the gate open.

This time, I wasn't blinded by sunlight. The sky was even darker inside, with only the barest hint of the rising sun. I looked around anxiously, searching for a sign that Calvin was near. Suddenly, a figure appeared with a lantern.

"Hello, Charlotte," a voice said from a few feet away. Immediately, my heart sank. That voice did not belong to Calvin; it belonged to James. My disappointment turned to shock.

"James! What are you doing here?" I asked.

"I suppose I could ask you the same, but really all that matters is that you're here." James walked toward me.

"Huh? How did you get in?"

"I have a key, same as you." He held up a crystal key almost identical to my own. I was speechless.

He pocketed his key. "I was hoping you would get the nerve to come in if you saw the light, and I see that I was right."

"How did you know I would see it?" I didn't quite understand what was happening.

"I didn't. But I also knew you were home alone and would be more likely to come tonight rather than another night. I realized you had found the key when I saw that chain." James reached over and pulled out my necklace, startling me with his touch. I couldn't believe he had noticed the necklace when Monty and Kevin hadn't.

"There's no reason to hide that necklace here," he said lightly, sounding very different from the James I was used to.

"Here? What do you mean? Do you know where we are?" I asked, not sure how much about my previous trips through the gate I should admit to.

"This is where I'm from, and where you're from." His expression was full of pride.

"I'm from Charleston," I said slowly, starting to back toward the gate, while wondering if he had lost his mind.

"Not your mother." He took a step forward to match my movement.

"What do you know of my mother?" I asked, feeling the urge to believe him. On some level, I already knew that my mom had to have some connection to this place because she was the one who had owned the key.

"I know a lot."

"Like what?" I took a step forward again.

"Come with me, Charlotte, and you'll learn everything you need to know." He held out his hand.

"Come where?"

"To my home, Bellgard. Trust me, you will not regret it." He smiled, and I could tell he was trying his best to put me at ease. The usual comforting feeling of being through the gate had set in, but I was still nervous, surprised by his presence.

When I heard the name Bellgard, I knew I had to go with James. To be near Calvin again would be a dream. I tried to picture Calvin's reaction when he saw me and realized I had followed him. Surely, he wouldn't mind that I came to find him. Then, I thought about Kevin and Monty; I hadn't left a note.

James seemed to read my mind. "We'll leave the gate open, and Monty will figure it out," he said softly.

"How? Is Monty from Bellgard, too?" Then, understanding dawned.

"Of course, your mother's whole family is from there."

"Her whole family?" My mom had never told me anything about anyone other than Monty; all I knew was that my grandparents on that side had died before I was born.

"Yes, Charlotte. Your family and my family have lived in Bellgard for generations," he said, reaching for my hand again even though I hadn't accepted his offer last time.

"But then, why was I told never to come back here? Why are you telling me this now? You could have told me the other night after the party. Why wait until now?"

"I wanted to wait until you came through the gate. I wanted the decision to be your own," he told me quietly. "Charlotte, please trust me," he continued. "If we're to make it to Bellgard before midday, we need to leave now." He was almost pleading.

"By midday? How far away is Bellgard?"

"The ride will take several hours, so we need to leave now."

My brain told me that it was a bad idea, but my heart said otherwise. I needed to see Calvin; I needed to learn more about my mother. I followed James through the garden, where I saw a horse waiting with a black canvas bag on the ground next to it.

"We aren't riding that, are we?" I pointed at the horse. I don't know what I thought he meant when he said ride, but it wasn't that.

"Wait a second. Have you never ridden a horse before?" James asked skeptically. He didn't wait for my answer. "Wow, who would have thought?"

"What do you mean?"

"It's just that riding a horse is in your blood."

"My blood?"

"Forget it, let's go." I stood there frozen for a moment, then he proceeded to help me into the saddle before mounting the horse himself, slinging the bag up with him. He was obviously comfortable with horses.

"Hold on," he instructed.

"Okay." I was still in disbelief that I was actually about to ride a horse to a place I knew almost nothing about. I kept telling myself it was all to see Calvin, but I knew that I was doing it for other reasons, too. Something inside me told me to go, told me that this was a chance I needed to take. I couldn't resist pointing out the obvious. "And you said I didn't take chances."

"I guess we're all proven wrong sometimes." He laughed, and then we were off.

Both terrified and excited, I held onto him as we rode through the early morning light. The morning was warm but with the faintest of breezes. Although I had never been on a horse, nothing could have felt more natural. We rode through forests and clearings, the landscape a blur as we passed.

James slowed the horse suddenly and pulled a black fur-lined cloak out of the canvas bag. He handed it to me and told me to put it on, including the hood.

"Why?" I asked, even though I was putting the cloak on as I spoke. "It isn't cold."

"So you're not recognized and because, trust me, it will get colder." I couldn't help but notice that this was the third time that he had asked for my trust.

"But who would recognize me?"

"Just do it, Charlotte, please." Once again, he sounded as if he was pleading. I was too nervous to argue, so I secured the cloak, pulling up the hood. The cloak was warm and soft, luxurious really, a lot nicer than I had originally thought when he first handed it to me. I was happy to have it when we approached Bellgard. Snow fell lightly as we neared the city walls, and the temperature drop had been sudden. Through the snowy sky, I saw the city before we reached it. It looked like a giant fortress set into a huge mountainside. A castle dominated the landscape.

The sun was in the middle of the sky as we rode through the castle walls, which were enormous, old, and imposing. I tried to look back as the gate closed behind us, but I could see nothing but dense trees. The reality of what I was doing finally hit me, and I realized in that moment that there was no turning back.

Chapter Eleven

Charlotte

"Welcome to Bellgard," James said, as he helped me down from the horse. He looked excited and was obviously eager to get inside. I tried to take in the surroundings as we walked toward the main castle. I saw a couple of large Ws carved into the exterior walls and asked James about them.

"The W stands for Winthrop." He watched as I made sense of his explanation.

"Wait, like Monty's last name?"

"And your mother's maiden name," he added. "Your mother and uncle grew up here. This is the Winthrop castle."

"What? They grew up in a castle?" I asked, shocked.

"I told you that you would find a lot of answers here." He smiled at me as we walked. "Welcome home."

I stayed close to his side as we walked through two tall doors and into a large open room. I couldn't take my eyes off the swords and armor lining the walls high above me. I had never been in such a big room before, or such an old one. Growing up in an historic house, I was used to old buildings, but this was something else altogether. I suddenly felt nervous.

"James, I got word that you were spotted," a male voice said, pulling my attention from the architecture. "And I see you are not alone."

"Hi, Father. I brought someone you will be happy to meet, Charlotte Calloway." James addressed a man who shared the same dirty-blond hair and tall build, but that appeared just a bit too young to be his father. The man looked over at me with a wordless expression and, without warning, James pulled the hood off my head.

The man exhaled audibly. "A spitting image of her mother. I would know those eyes anywhere."

I took a step back, startled at the mention of my mother. James had told me my mother was from here, but hearing her mentioned so soon surprised me. After a moment, the man composed himself and held out his hand.

"Hello, Charlotte. I am Blake Mendel, James's father. It is a pleasure to have you here."

"Hi," I replied timidly, shaking his hand. I looked over to James for some encouragement. James nodded, giving me a reassuring smile.

Blake seemed to sense my hesitation. "I am sure you must be confused and overwhelmed right now. I'm not sure how much James has told you." Blake led us into a library that seemed completely out of place in the old castle. Walls and walls of books lined the room, reaching from floor to ceiling. I had seen libraries similar to this before, but not in rooms of this size. Blake smiled when he saw me admiring the room. "A lover of books?"

"Yes, I mean, absolutely," I told him quietly.

"Charlotte, there is nothing to fear. I know you are frightened, but you are safe here. I assure you, you are safer here than anywhere else."

I was alarmed to hear Blake talking about my safety as though it were an issue. "What do you mean?"

"You really know nothing of who you are, do you?" He looked at me seriously.

"Of course I know who I am. Charlotte Calloway." I felt even more confused.

"And what of your family?"

"My family? I'm the daughter of Stan and Emma Calloway."

"Charlotte, please have a seat. We have a lot to talk about." Blake gestured toward a large table in the center of the room. I sat down, getting more nervous as time passed. James took a seat next to me with Blake on my other side. "Charlotte, you are in Energo. We are a world not completely different than the world in which you were raised. The thing that makes us distinct is that we are the people of the Source."

"The Source?" Blake had said it as though it cleared everything up, but it did nothing to illuminate me.

Blake continued, "I speak of the source of nature and the elements. Charlotte, throughout time, there have been women with unique abilities to share and wield the natural powers. These women are called Essences, and each Essence ages slowly until a new Essence comes of age, usually three or four generations removed from the one before. The Essences have always come through one family, and only become an Essence once they have reached maturity. Signs may be revealed when an Essence is as young as twelve or thirteen, but never before."

I struggled to understand where this fit in my understanding of the world. "But where does this power come from?"

"We do not know for sure, but we understand its importance. Whenever there is an absence of an Essence, we have gone through a dark age of poor harvests and disease. If a dark age continues for too long we become completely exposed and defenseless," Blake said soberly.

I suddenly remembered that the conversation had started as one about my family. "What does all of this have to do with me?"

"Have you not figured it out?" Blake asked, surprise in his voice.

"No," I said nervously.

"Charlotte, you are our new Essence." Blake looked at me intently.

"What?" I must have heard him wrong, or he had the wrong girl. This was crazy. I heard James laugh lightly, but ignored him, too confused to care.

"You are our Essence, Charlotte," Blake repeated. Looking at him, I realized where James had gotten his intense eye-contact habit. "You are an Essence born of an Essence, incredibly rare," Blake added.

"You're crazy. I'm just an average teenage girl. A girl that should be going home. James, can we go now?" I looked over at him expectantly. Things were getting too weird. I felt a shiver go up my spine.

"Charlotte, you are home," James said more gently than he had ever talked to me before. "Don't you see that?"

"I really think there's been some kind of mistake. I'm sorry for wasting your time, but really, I need to get home." I started to get up from my chair.

"Charlotte, please. I am sure you are exhausted and need to clean up after your journey. I will have someone take you to your room. I had it prepared in anticipation of James's return. Tonight you will meet your Guard." Blake gestured for me to take my seat again.

"My Guard?" I asked, even more alarmed. What else could possibly happen? I started to have a strange feeling that maybe this wasn't a case of mistaken identity. Blake had recognized that I looked like my mom, hadn't he?

"For as long as there has been an Essence, there have been Guardians of the Essence. The Guardians, the natural protectors of the Essence, are tied to her. These men age with the Essence and lose power only as she loses power," Blake said in his rhythmic voice.

"Is James one of these Guardians?" I asked, though I had already guessed the answer. Somehow it seemed like a small consolation if he would be sticking nearby. At least it was someone I knew.

"Yes," Blake said immediately, smiling. "We have identified eight men, and there should be ten. I understand you have a brother, he is likely one of the missing Guardians," Blake continued.

"Kevin?" I asked, surprised.

"Charlotte, we just told you that you are the Essence, and you are surprised that Kevin might actually be part of this world, too?" James looked at me with humor in his eyes.

"You're right. I guess it just still seems too weird that my family isn't from Charleston. I mean, I thought we had been there since before the revolution," I admitted.

"Maybe your father's family has been."

I realized that no one had even mentioned my father yet. "Wait, so my dad isn't from here?"

"No, your mother left. But that is a story for another day." Blake made it clear the conversation was over by rising from his seat.

"James, please notify both the new and old Guards that there will be a meeting this evening." James smiled at me lightly then left the room.

"New and old Guards?" I asked, feeling more nervous now that James had left.

"Your mother had a Guard as well. They still remain." Blake didn't show any impatience with my questions.

"Oh." I didn't know what else to say; it was all too much. Of course, my mother had been an Essence. Blake had said I was an Essence born of an Essence, but it still took me a minute to process. I wanted my mom so much at that moment, yet I was also angry at her for not telling me any of this before she died. It started to feel like I had never really known her, and that hurt.

"Don't be worried, Charlotte. Everything is going to be fine now." Something about his words made me suddenly comfortable, and I found myself agreeing.

Chapter Twelve

Kevin

I unlocked the front door to the house and left it open for Monty. I was sweaty and tired from the game and ready to hit the shower, but even more than that, I was hungry. Monty carried in the pizza we had picked up on the way home. Pizza for the second time that week. I knew that I could really get used to living with my uncle.

The house seemed unusually quiet. Normally, Charlotte was either practicing her cello or blaring music up in her room. People always said that old houses had better soundproofing, but when in a big, old house, sound really carried.

"Char, we're home, and the pizza's gonna get cold," I screamed from the bottom of the stairs. I was surprised when I didn't get a reply. Monty came over and stood next to me at the foot of the stairs.

"Maybe she fell asleep," he suggested, and headed up the stairs to check it out. He came back down a few seconds later. "She's not up there. Did she say she was going anywhere tonight?"

"Not to me, but I didn't really talk to her much today," I admitted.

"It's strange because she left her cell phone on her desk, and both her purse and backpack are up there. Where would she go where she wouldn't need those?" he mused.

"Out for a walk?" I suggested.

"At night?" He sounded skeptical.

I didn't want to admit it, but I was actually getting a little nervous. It wasn't like my sister to go anywhere without leaving a note, or numerous notes. That was the thing about Charlotte; she never wanted to cause waves.

"We should call Liam. He might know where she is," Monty said.

"But he's been at the game with us."

"Still, she might have told him something helpful."

"Something she wouldn't have told us?" I asked skeptically.

"Well it's a possibility." He shrugged.

I called Liam and, just as I had expected, he hadn't talked to her at all that day. He seemed as worried as we were when I told him that she had left her cell phone and purse at home. He told me he'd be right over and hung up. I looked at Monty hoping he had some other ideas. Liam walked in the door a minute later.

"Have you called her friends?" Liam asked, as he closed the door behind him.

"Do you have any of their numbers?" I asked. Liam had Rachel's number, but when we called her, she said she hadn't talked to Charlotte that day either. Monty ran upstairs and grabbed Charlotte's cell phone. He handed it over and told me to call her friend Anna. I called, but she was out of town visiting family for Thanksgiving and hadn't talked to Charlotte.

"Do you happen to have James's number?" Monty suddenly asked Liam.

"The kid who took her to the library? Why, have they been hanging out again?" I was surprised that Monty would even bring him up.

"He walked her home from Brian's party the other night, and she was positively glowing the next morning."

"She just told me she walked home with a friend," I said, mostly to myself. I really couldn't believe that Charlotte would purposely keep that from me.

Liam shrugged. "They do talk a lot at lunch."

"Do you have his number?" Monty repeated.

"Yeah, let me call him." Liam looked disappointed when he hung up a few seconds later. "No answer."

"Where does he live?" I figured it was worth a shot.

Liam knew where James lived, so we jumped back in Monty's car and drove over. The house was dark, and we heard nothing while we waited to see if anyone answered the door.

"I really don't think anyone's home," Liam said after a few minutes.

"No, but then why is his car here?" I asked. "It seems suspicious, doesn't it?"

Monty must have thought it was suspicious, too, because suddenly he was kicking in the front door. Dumbfounded, Liam and I looked at each other. This was not typical Monty behavior. We walked through the entryway and into the living room. There was a giant flat-screen TV, easily eighty inches, boxes of stereo equipment that hadn't even been opened yet, three different video game consoles, and the weirdest thing, an empty hot tub in the middle of the room.

"Who does this kid live with?" I wondered what kind of parents would have their house looking like a bachelor pad. Monty started opening doors and looking through rooms. Liam and I followed, shocked by his behavior. When we walked into the study, Monty looked intently at an item on the desk. He picked it up and pocketed it, then walked back toward the front door.

"We need to get home now," Monty said firmly.

I could tell that he definitely believed that James had something to do with Charlotte's absence and I got angry. "That punk had better not be doing anything stupid with my sister," I screamed at no one in particular.

I half expected Charlotte to be waiting for us in the kitchen when we returned, but she wasn't. Instead, I saw the small gray cat I had seen in our yard a few times lately. "Monty, your stupid cat got inside," I shouted, not willing to deal with anything but finding Charlotte. I was beginning to get scared.

"My cat? I don't have a cat."

I pointed at it as he walked into the room. "The gray one."

Monty looked at the cat, and then made a noise in his throat. When the cat caught Monty's gaze, it began to jump up and down meowing incessantly. It ran through the kitchen, then down the hall toward the back door.

"We need to follow the cat," Monty barked.

"What the hell, Uncle Monty? We need to find Charlotte," I reminded him, wondering why he was spacing out on me. Liam looked as perplexed as I felt.

"I've got a sinking feeling this cat knows where Charlotte is," Monty said slowly.

"Are you serious?" I asked, wondering what in the world was going on.

"Kevin, there are some things I never told you or your sister about our family," Monty said gravely.

Chapter Thirteen

Charlotte

Blake left the room and returned with a petite girl around my age with reddish-blond hair. He talked to her quietly as they walked over to me, and I heard him say, "Please show Charlotte to her room and see to her needs."

"Yes, sir," the girl replied.

I tentatively followed her down a long hallway and up a flight of stairs. We continued down another hallway until she stopped at a set of heavy wooden doors and pulled open one side. I followed the girl into a spacious, beautiful room. On one side of the room stood a large four-poster bed with a light blue bedspread and matching canopy. An upholstered bench rested in front of the bed, with a giant armoire against one wall. Large windows lit the room, each with heavy blue drapes, two sets of which were currently drawn back. They must really love blue here, I thought, as I surveyed the room. In the center of the room stood a white claw-foot tub, which the girl was now filling with water.

"That's not for me, is it?" I asked.

"Of course it is. The water is warm, I assure you," she said calmly.

"It's not that." I was shocked for two reasons. One, someone was going through all of that trouble just so I could bathe. Two, there was clearly no indoor plumbing, and now that I thought about it, no electricity. I noticed lanterns and candles throughout the room. When the girl stood up, I finally had the presence of mind to introduce myself.

I held out my hand. "I'm Charlotte."

"Pleased to make your acquaintance, Miss Charlotte. I am Tara." She shook my hand lightly, clearly uncomfortable.

"Hi, Tara. Please, just call me Charlotte. I can't be much older than you." I tried to keep my voice light.

"It is not your age, Miss Charlotte. Please let me help you with your bath before the water cools," she replied, looking embarrassed.

"Umm, I don't think I need help, just some soap and a towel, maybe?"

Tara brought over a bar of soap and waited, watching me.

"Okay, you can go." I wasn't willing to undress in front of a stranger.

"If you are sure, Miss Charlotte. I will wait outside and come back in once you are in your bath."

I blushed a little.

With Tara out of the way, I stripped and stepped into the warm bath. I couldn't remember the last time I had taken a bath and initially felt uncomfortable. But I relaxed and enjoyed it. Tara walked back into the room carrying a canvas bag I recognized as the one James had been carrying.

"Mr. James thought you might want this," she said, as she handed me the bag. I opened it carefully, trying to keep it up high enough that it didn't touch the soapy water. I smiled when I discovered shampoo, a toothbrush, and some toothpaste. I would have to thank James; as crazy as things felt right now, it would be nice to have some normalcy.

Tara bent and scooped my clothes from the floor, then turned toward the door.

"Tara, where are you taking my clothes? I'll need to put them back on," I said, alarmed.

"But these are dirty, Miss. I will bring a suitable dress for you."

"How do you have clothes that will fit me? You're much smaller than me." She was at least five inches shorter than I was.

"Oh, I did not mean my clothes, Miss Charlotte." Tara looked embarrassed. "The wardrobe in your room is full of Miss Emma's old things, and Mr. Blake said you looked about the same size."

"Emma?" I was startled to hear my mother's first name.

"Yes, Miss Emma. I never met her, but I heard she was quite beautiful." Tara looked at me strangely.

I felt lightheaded when I heard my mother's name; discovering this secret part of her life really threw me. Tara didn't notice as she pulled out a long pink dress with a light blue trim from the dresser in the corner. She also pulled out some smaller items that were clearly undergarments.

"Will this suit you?"

"Sure," I said, even though I couldn't imagine wearing a dress like that. But I had to admit it would be cool to wear something that had belonged to my mother.

"Is there anything else I can do for you, Miss Charlotte, or shall I let you finish your bath?" Tara asked, placing a towel next to the tub.

"I have everything I need."

After a few more minutes, I finally pulled myself out of the bath and dried off. Luckily, the room felt warm; I noticed there was a small fire burning in the fireplace. I got dressed hesitantly, hoping I didn't look absolutely ridiculous. After a few minutes of struggling, I realized that I had absolutely no idea how to secure the back of the dress.

There was a light knock, and Tara reappeared. "Oh, Miss Charlotte, I would have helped you into that!" She walked over to me quickly.

"Tara?" I asked lightly.

"Yes, Miss?"

"Could you please just call me Charlotte? I know you seem to think you have to call me 'miss,' but I would feel so much better if you just called me by my name."

"As you wish Miss-I mean, Charlotte."

"Thank you." I smiled. Tara timidly returned the smile, then helped me finish dressing.

Tara walked out of the room and returned several minutes later pushing a cart with a platter of pastries and a small tea set. I had only seen a similar set as a child's toy before. Seeing the tea set reminded me of my mom; she always drank tea.

"I thought you might be hungry," Tara said, as she poured a cup of tea. It was really strange having someone serve me, but it seemed obvious that Tara was uncomfortable with me questioning it.

"Yes, thank you, Tara!" I said with enthusiasm, as I selected a piece. I took a bite, then I noticed that Tara wasn't eating.

"Don't you want anything?" I asked.

"Oh, no, this is yours," Tara said, surprise in her eyes.

"Don't be silly," I told her. "There is far too much here for me. I insist," I added, when I noticed that Tara still hadn't reached for one. Tara tentatively grabbed a small pastry from the plate. I gestured that she should have some tea as well, and she gave in easier with that.

We sat at a small table drinking our tea, and I couldn't help but laugh to myself about how it must look. How could this be real? When I was done with the tea, I asked the question I had been terrified to ask. "Where do you, you know, use the bathroom?"

"Oh!" Tara said quickly. "You know, very little has changed around here over the years, but Miss Emma sometimes liked to push things. She actually had them install an indoor toilet. It is unlike anything I have seen, but I was told it would be what you expected." Tara gestured to the far wall. I leaned sideways in my chair and could see a small enclosure and the edge of a toilet.

"Wonderful!" Although my mom hadn't had me in mind when she had it installed, I was certainly grateful.

After tea, Tara apologized and told me that I needed to stay in my room for the afternoon. Blake had made it clear that I was not to wander around until the evening. I was fine with that, feeling much safer in my closed off room; besides, another sleepless night had left me exhausted

"Would you like to rest?" Tara pointed to the bed. I nodded.

Tara closed one set of drapes, significantly darkening the room. She told me to ring a bell if I needed anything else. I thanked her and went to lie down on the large bed. I had so many thoughts going through my head that I didn't know which ones to think about first. Here I was lying in what was likely my mother's old room wearing one of her old dresses. It was almost too hard to believe. My mother had rarely talked about her childhood, and when she had, it was just to tell me stories about the trouble she and Monty had gotten into. At the same time, I couldn't help but wonder how near Calvin was right at that moment. With thoughts of Calvin, I fell asleep.

Chapter Fourteen

Kevin

"So you seriously expect me to believe that you and Mom were some sort of weird royalty in a secret world?" I asked skeptically.

"No, I don't expect you to believe it, but yes, it's true," Monty said calmly, then added, "Whether you choose to believe me or not, Charlotte may be in serious danger."

"And you know this because of the cat?"

"That is no ordinary cat Kevin; she has human eyes. I'll explain it all later." He rushed upstairs.

I followed and asked, "Okay, so then what do we do?" I watched him search my grandfather's old study on the third floor. Liam, probably still trying to figure out if Monty had completely lost his mind, had followed us. The more time that passed, the more upset Monty looked. Without warning, Monty ran into Charlotte's room. He rummaged through her desk drawers until he pulled out an old jewelry box. He emptied the contents on her bed and let out a few curse words. I got the chills looking at her empty room; I didn't leave the hallway.

"She found the key. She must have gone in."

We followed Monty back downstairs to his own study, where he reached under his desk and pulled out a small crystal key. "In case she locked it behind her," he said, holding up the key.

"What are we going to do, Monty?" I repeated. I had no idea what he was talking about.

"First we pack, then we go after her," Monty said firmly.

In the kitchen, Liam and I watched as he packed a knapsack with food, water, and flashlights. Nothing about it surprised me until he went to his study and returned with an unsheathed sword. He turned it around to look at it from every angle. The blade looked like it was made of the same material as the key.

"Dude, Monty, where did you get a sword like that?" I asked, amazed by the blade.

"You wouldn't believe me." Monty placed it back in the sheath.

Monty picked up his cell phone and left a message at the school telling them we would be out of town and he would need some personal days. He told Liam that if he planned to join us, he needed to call his mom. Liam calmly left his mom a voicemail telling her that Monty was taking us all skiing.

"Skiing?" Monty asked.

"Yeah, what's wrong with that?" Liam asked. "It's plausible."

I still didn't know where we were going when we left through the back door without bothering to lock it behind us. We passed the fountain at the back of the garden and saw the gray cat waiting. Monty continued to the old gate at the back of the garden, but what was weird was that the gate was ajar. I had no idea that the gate could even be opened. Monty easily pushed the gate open the rest of the way, and I followed him in, with Liam behind me. I shielded my eyes reflexively as we walked into bright sunlight.

"Okay, this is seriously weird." I suddenly realized that Monty might have been telling the truth. Up until that point, I had been worried that he was having some sort of mental breakdown. I only followed him because I had no other ideas for how to find Charlotte. I was desperate enough to go along with anything.

"What is this place?" Liam asked, as we moved forward. We were in some sort of exotic garden that looked straight out of a sci-fi movie. I didn't know much about flowers and trees, but these made the ones in the Amazon rainforest look plain. I was leery of some hidden man-eating plant just waiting to make its move.

"Energo," Monty said seriously.

"Okay. And why would someone want to take Charlotte here?" I still didn't understand what anyone wanted with my sister. I forced myself to ignore the weird surroundings and focus on the more important matter-finding Charlotte.

"Most likely, someone thinks that Charlotte is the next Essence," Monty said stoically.

"Essence?" Liam and I both asked.

"A human vessel for all powers of nature and the elements," Monty responded quietly.

"Oh, is that all?" Liam clearly still had his sense of humor. I wanted to shake Monty and make him start talking normally again.

"And please tell me, why would anyone think that Charlotte was one of these Essences?" I asked.

"Your mother was one," Monty said simply, as though no other explanation was needed.

"So, not to state the obvious, but if you knew this, why did you let us come back here?" I was starting to feel somewhat responsible for Charlotte's disappearance, since it had been my idea to move back to Charleston.

"I don't think Charlotte really is an Essence. It usually takes generations, and Charlotte has never showed any signs. She has had nothing to do with Energo," Monty replied, as though trying to convince himself of the truth in his words. Then he continued slowly, likely sensing why I really asked, "It isn't your fault either, Kevin. You had no idea."

"But someone else thought differently?" Liam asked, trying to make sense of the impossible things Monty was telling us.

"Yes, and I think I know who." Monty pulled a circular stone from his pocket. The stone had a large letter 'M' engraved on one side. "I found this at James's house," Monty said absently. "It's the Mendel crest. James must be Blake's son. I can't believe I didn't see him for what he was. I was so busy trying to make Charlotte happy that I failed to keep her safe."

"Blake?" Liam and I asked together. If we still played 'Jinx,' it would have been a world record that night.

"The current ruler of Energo." Monty continued walking through the garden.

"I guess that explains all of electronics and stuff at James's house. He must be rich, huh?" I was taking solace in any information I could get.

"Blake has access to a near limitless amount of gems and gold, so it isn't surprising that James is living extravagantly."

"Oh, so you're thinking that the king's son kidnapped Charlotte," Liam said, bringing us back from my tangent.

"He's no king," Monty corrected.

"Okay, so this leader guy's son?" Liam ventured again.

"Yes, or maybe not kidnapped. The key is missing, which means that Charlotte went willingly," Monty said in a voice just above a whisper.

"Why would she have gone with him?" Charlotte never acted recklessly; something wasn't adding up.

"I wish I knew."

"So where do they live? Let's go get her." I was ready to do anything to get my sister back safely.

"It's not that simple," Monty said. "We need equipment, and you will both need training first."

"Training?" I asked, as we came to the end of an open field and entered a forest. Liam looked as dazed as I felt. Everything was different here. Even the grass was a weird shade of green, and it was throwing me off.

"Just follow me."

The forest was dense and, although I usually have a great sense of direction, I probably would have gotten lost without Monty. Every turn we took looked just like the last.

"So what's with all the weird-colored plants and stuff?" Liam had stopped to examine a bright purple flowering tree.

"It's just the way it is here; Energo has different foliage." Monty continued looking straight ahead and didn't even glance at the purple plant.

"So, obviously you look like us, but are we going to run into weird creatures, like in Avatar or something?" Only Liam would have asked that. Monty laughed lightly, and soon we reached the edge of the forest and were out in the open.

Fatigue set in quickly as we journeyed under the hot sun. The initial adrenalin of having a plan and entering a new place began to dwindle, and real, raw fear for my sister began to sink in. Losing my mom had been hard, but if anything ever happened to Charlotte, I didn't think I could cope. Charlotte was probably the only person who ever really understood me, and as much as I gave her a hard time sometimes, she was the person I loved most in the world, the only one who kept me grounded.

A flood of memories hit me as we continued through the tough terrain. I remembered playing hide-and-go-seek, helping her as she learned to ride her bike; I could see her playing the cello and smiling up at me with missing teeth. Clearly, I realized that Charlotte was almost sixteen years old, but in some ways, she would always be just a kid to me.

As we walked, Liam and I asked Monty countless questions about what an Essence was. It all seemed like a foreign language to me, but I really got confused when he tried to explain how an Essence had a Guard made up of ten men. The Guardians designated one as the leader, or the Gerard.

I wasn't surprised that he was using yet another term I had never heard. "What exactly is a Gerard?"

"The Gerard is the Guardian who the Essence picks to be her partner; he leads with the Essence," Monty explained.

"How does she pick one?"

"It's not really a choice, or not the way you would think of a choice. It just happens. Your mom described it as love at first sight, times a million, an irresistible pull to be with this person. It becomes clear to everyone during a ceremony."

"How are the Guardians selected?" Liam asked.

"Usually, young men show signs of being Guardians even before the Essence is revealed. The signs are incredible strength, athleticism, agility, and other traits that only certain elders can see," Monty said, as though his mind was far away. I was pretty sure he was lost in memories.

"Are you a Guardian?" I sensed that Monty had a personal knowledge of what it meant to be a guardian.

"I was for your mother, but once she died, the status disappeared," Monty said sadly.

I tried to understand how it all worked. "Will you be a Guardian for the new Essence?"

"No. My time on the Guard is up; I even started aging again once Emma died."

"Aging?" Liam and I asked together.

"The Guardians age with their Essence. It's not that you don't age at all, but you age extremely slowly once you are at your prime age," he explained.

"Prime age?" I asked, confused.

"Usually somewhere between twenty-five and forty."

"Wait, so is that why you still look like you're twenty-five?" Liam asked.

"I was an extremely young Guardian when Emma had her ceremony. I was only fifteen."

I had so many other questions, but sensed that Monty didn't want to talk anymore. Luckily, Liam picked up on that, too. We walked along silently, Liam and I giving each other nervous glances every once in a while. It didn't seem out of the ordinary that Liam was with us; somehow, it only seemed appropriate that Liam would risk his life to find Charlotte, too.

We passed several villages, and with each one, Monty tensed. Monty had explained that our clothes would instantly give us away as outsiders. I asked him what he meant, and he told me to think twelfth century Robin Hood. I thought he had to be joking, but the one time we saw other people walking, I realized he was right. They weren't wearing tights or anything, but everything was so old fashioned. Later, as we neared a village, we saw two men on horseback dressed more formally, wearing something resembling a uniform. It was clear that they had spotted us, and we all got nervous. I felt sick to my stomach, afraid that we had failed before we really even got started. Monty reached for his sword, but the two men continued past us without a second look.

"I'm sure they saw us. If they are not apprehending us, it only means their orders were to report back to Bellgard, the capital, where Charlotte is likely being held," Monty whispered. "We need to hurry. We need to get to Percy before dark."

"Percy?" Liam and I asked simultaneously.

"Yes, the only hope we have of saving Charlotte," Monty said somberly.

Chapter Fifteen

Charlotte

I woke out of a deep sleep when I heard the heavy door opening. "Hello, Charlotte. Did you sleep soundly?" Tara asked, walking into the room.

"Yes, thank you." I slowly sat up on the edge of the bed. Surprisingly, I remembered where I was.

"How would you like to wear your hair?" Tara inquired, after opening the curtains and lighting a sconce. Only the faintest amount of sunlight streamed in through the window, and I realized I must have slept for several hours.

"My hair?" I ran my fingers through the still-damp strands.

"Do you prefer to wear it up?"

"Yes," I said automatically, and glanced around for my hair band.

"Oh, we have some better material." Tara managed to transform my wet hair into a beautiful updo as I sat in front of the mirror. I wasn't sure what I was getting ready for. I remembered Blake saying I was going to meet my Guard, but I had no idea what to expect, or even worse, what was expected of me. I had never before wanted a set of instructions so badly.

"Wow." I was shocked by what I saw when I peered at my reflection. With the dress and the hair, I looked so different; I wondered if my family would even recognize me. I also wondered what Calvin would think.

"You look wonderful, and you are due in the Great Hall in a few moments," Tara said, putting a pair of delicate pink slippers in front of me. I slipped them on slowly. They weren't sneakers, but they were comfortable enough.

"Will you be coming?" I asked hopefully. I liked Tara, and I was getting really comfortable around her.

"No, but of course if you need anything, you can have me sent for," she said gently, as she opened the door. I almost told her that I wanted her with me as a friend, not a servant, but I decided to keep that thought to myself in case it upset her. At least she was calling me Charlotte.

I followed Tara out of the room and felt the panic set in, much worse than the panic I had felt on the way back to Charleston. The familiar tightening in my chest returned with the dizziness, and I had to steady myself against the stone wall.

"Charlotte, are you well?" Tara asked, alarmed.

"Yes, I'm just nervous." I tried to sound reassuring because I knew I was probably frightening her.

"Do you need to lie down again?"

"No, we might as well get this over with." I tried to get a hold of myself.

I took a deep breath, and we descended the stairs. I noticed nothing of my surroundings as I followed Tara. I only paid attention to the steps I was taking, trying to forget where I was. She suddenly stopped in front of an imposing set of heavy wooden doors.

"This is the Great Hall. Are you ready?" I nodded, a pit in my stomach painfully churning as she opened the door.

Taking a step into the room, I was taken aback. A large screen obscured my view, and I couldn't tell what was beyond it. Tara had called this room the Great Hall, so I could only assume there was much more to it. I must have entered through a back doorway. A man dressed in a black uniform hurried around the screen and came back with Blake. Blake took my hand and walked me over to a seat still behind the screen before disappearing back into the other part of the room.

"Gentleman," Blake said suddenly, presumably addressing a group. "Tonight, we meet for a joyous occasion." He paused dramatically. "We assumed that it would be years before a new Essence was born to us. We have been preparing for a continuation of the Dark Age, taking all necessary precautions. Several of you have served on the Guard with me for years; yet many of you have only been at Bellgard for a year or less. Now the time has come to explain why you were brought here to train. Men, you have all showed signs of becoming the next generation of Guardians." A hush broke out through the room. Based on the excited voices that followed, I could tell that there was a crowd. My stomach really started to hurt.

Blake continued, "As any of the older Guard can tell you, being a Guardian is no easy task. It takes strong men who are required to make any necessary sacrifices to protect their Essence. This is especially true in light of the instability that awaits outside our borders. Becoming a Guardian is not a choice; it is a calling, and your very being will be connected to your role. I know that you will all take your positions seriously, especially the Guardian chosen as the Gerard, the ultimate protector." I tried to understand what Blake was saying, but I didn't have enough context.

"Protecting the Essence is how our people remain in power, how our nation remains strong; the Gerard has the most important position of any in our land. As most of you know, the tie between the Gerard and his Essence is the most natural and strong bond imaginable. I expect that the Gerard might realize that he has been chosen as soon as he meets the Essence, but either way, we will know for sure after the ceremony."

As I listened, I started to tense up even more. I couldn't understand what he was talking about, and the panic got worse. I was so nervous that I didn't realize that Blake had stopped speaking. He rounded the corner, took my hand, and helped me to my feet. He tried to lead me into the main part of the room, but I resisted. From what I heard, the room was full of men, and I absolutely did not want to face them. Blake squeezed my hand gently and told me to relax, so I took a deep breath and followed him.

Walking around the screen, I understood why the room was called the Great Hall; it was huge. The high ceilings made for good acoustics, making our footsteps echo as we moved through the room. A number of large sconces lit the room on all sides, illuminating a long table at the center, most seats occupied, all by men who stood as we approached.

Blake addressed the men as we neared the table. "Gentleman, may I present to you, our new Essence."

My chest tightened again, and I found myself leaning on Blake for support. He looked down at me encouragingly before he joined the other men at the table. I calmed enough to notice that one side of the table was lined with six men who were a lot older than me, at least in their thirties. I looked across the table and saw that the other side was lined with boys closer to my age; I even saw a blond-haired boy who looked younger. I took a deep breath and looked further down the row for James. I let out a gasp because there, in front of the last chair, standing next to James, was Calvin.

The same onslaught of emotions that I felt the first time I had seen him hit me as we locked eyes. Joy and surprise dominated his face, but his eyes also held a hint of something else. Before I could figure out what it was, everything went black.

***

I sat up slowly and looked around the dark room. As my eyes adjusted, I noticed that there was a single candle burning.

"Hello?" I asked tentatively, wondering if I was alone.

A figure walked out of the shadows and took a seat on a chair next to my bed. "I was beginning to think we might have to call a doctor," James said in his typical hard-to-read tone. I couldn't tell if he was serious or not.

"James?" I asked, surprised, still trying to remember how I had gotten back to my room. My head hurt, and I was really disoriented.

"I think we were too much for you, Charlotte. You passed out before you could even be formally introduced to your Guard." James laughed. "I had to carry you up here."

"Considering the circumstance, I think that's pretty normal," I said with an edge to my voice. I wasn't going to let James make me feel bad when he was the reason I was even in this situation. I was also very uncomfortable about James carrying me anywhere, especially in front of Calvin.

"True. It has been quite a day, has it not?" His voice was still thick with humor.

"So, what happens now?" I was scared that I had somehow made things even worse.

"We will have the ceremony tomorrow night as planned; the rest of your Guard will just have to wait to make your acquaintance."

"I keep thinking this is all a dream, but then I wake up, and I'm still here," I explained, suddenly wanting to let him know how I felt.

"I have a feeling this is not the first time you have tried to convince yourself you were having a dream when you were not." He looked at me intently.

"What do you mean?" I asked, confused yet again.

"You know how you asked me the other day in class if we had met before?" He looked at me for agreement. I nodded.

"You were right. We had met before." Once again, I was speechless, so I waited for him to continue.

"Once my father found out where your mother went, he routinely sent Guardians to check on her. When I was twelve, I was invited to go." I nodded again, encouraging him to continue.

"They told me to wait in the garden while they checked out the perimeter, so I sat on the bench by the fountain. I was feeling pretty bored, regretting having made the trip, when a voice called to me from behind. I turned around, and there was a girl about my age dressed in a nightgown with her hair all wild. She asked me what I was doing in her yard, and I told her I was out for a walk and was taking a break. She told me I shouldn't be there, so I assured her I would be leaving soon. I heard her mumble something about this being such a strange dream before turning around and walking away from me. I think we both know who that girl was." James's face was barely visible in the low candlelight.

Suddenly, I remembered that dream, the memory of it just below the surface of my consciousness. I knew it was a dream because there was no way I would have talked to the boy. I would have called for help instead, but if it wasn't real, then how would James know about it? I was speechless; if possible, I felt even more overwhelmed. James must have sensed that I wasn't going to reply because he continued talking.

"I never told anyone about meeting you, afraid that I would get in trouble, but I never forgot you. You were beautiful even then, and to a boy who had spent most of his life with only men, I was enamored. It was not until my father shared his frustrations that he could not find the new Essence that I realized just how important you would be. I expected my father to be happy with my revelation, but he lashed out at me for keeping your presence a secret from him for so long. I assured him that I could make up for it, that I would bring you here."

"But how did you know when I would be back?" I finally began to understand James's presence in Charleston.

"The first time I went back, I found out that you had moved away. My father was still angry, but he was hopeful. He assured me that as long as Monty lived there, you would be back one day because Monty would always watch out for Emma's children. He set up a sentry to bring word as soon as he heard anything about your return. Last summer, we heard your uncle discussing your move, and I set up a cover in Charleston in hopes of getting close enough to you to bring you in," James said, as though replaying events from a distant memory and not something that had happened only months ago.

I had a lot of questions, and it took me a minute to decide where to start. "But how could Monty have talked about it over the summer? We didn't decide to move back until a few weeks ago."

"It looks like they kept it from you," James said lightly. I tried to put my annoyance and questions about the move aside so I could address the more pressing matters.

"But why would you have to convince me to come in? Couldn't you have sent in people to kidnap me or something if you needed me here so bad?" I had having trouble even saying the word kidnap.

He readjusted his position in the chair. "We needed you to come willingly. You were no good to us if you did not consent to be here."

James locked his hands together before continuing. "I asked around about you and found out that Liam was still friends with your family. I tried to become friendly with him so that I could get close to you when you returned. I had it all planned out, but it turned out to be pointless planning." James smiled. "Imagine my surprise when you walked into my English class. It was perfect; I could get to know you on my own terms. I wondered if you would recognize me, and I thought that you did at first, but you really did not connect me to that dream, did you?" He paused, waiting for me to respond.

"I knew you seemed familiar, but I couldn't place it, and then you made me feel silly about asking, so I let it go," I admitted.

"Do you always ignore your instincts?"

"No, but for once, I should have. I followed my instincts, and look where it got me."

"I can assure you, Charlotte, it was not a mistake to come here." He tried to calm me before continuing with his story. "I got confident and tried to test my cover, even talking to your uncle directly to see if he would realize who I was. I could not believe it when he consented to let me drive you to the library. I also realized that it was paramount that you come with me; the Essence needed to be better protected than that. I must say your brother impressed me, though, following up on our time together. He has already showed signs of a good Guardian, and hopefully he will take up his position here in time."

I had many more questions, but my eyes were so heavy, I couldn't keep them open. Before I could even say goodnight, I was asleep.

Chapter Sixteen

Charlotte

It felt like only minutes later when I woke up, hungry. I realized that I hadn't eaten any dinner the night before; it must have been scheduled for after the meeting. Just thinking about the previous night made my stomach ache, but it also made my heart flutter as I thought about how close I was to Calvin. I had just finished brushing my teeth when Tara came in. I was once again grateful to James for the toothbrush and toothpaste. My stomach growled, and Tara told me that I would be having breakfast downstairs.

"With who?"

"Mr. Blake and Mr. James."

I groaned. I knew that James would never let me off the hook for passing out like that. He had seemed so nice last night, but he also really made me nervous. It felt strange to know that he had been in Charleston only to get to me. I changed out of my wrinkled dress from the night before and put on a new one before reluctantly leaving my room.

Downstairs, just as I expected, James smirked as I walked into the dining room. Clearly, he was back to his old self. Blake was nowhere to be seen. "So, did you find out what happened after I left last night?" I asked, as I put some food on a plate. I looked at James and couldn't help but notice how much his appearance had changed since we had arrived at Bellgard. For one thing, he was wearing the same clothes as the rest of the Guard, a black cotton uniform. It also looked like he had stopped shaving.

"Well, it's hard to do much when the guest of honor passes out." James tried to hold in his laughter. "But really, it was fine. The other Guardians were still talking about how excited they were when I got back downstairs."

"I still can't believe I passed out," I admitted.

"It is perfectly understandable, Charlotte," Blake said, as he walked into the room. "You have been experiencing so many new things in the last day or so, and I am sure you are starting to feel the effects of your power. From what I understand, the onset of abilities can cause an Essence to have lapses of consciousness. There is no reason to feel embarrassed." I didn't know whether Blake was just saying it to be nice, but it made me feel a little less like a damsel in distress.

"Nope, no need to be embarrassed." James laughed.

"James," Blake said sternly.

"Sorry, I couldn't resist." James grinned. It was weird to hear James reprimanded. Undoubtedly, he really cared about his father's opinion of him and, from our conversation last night, I knew that he wanted to impress him.

"So now what?" I asked, trying to get an understanding of what the day held in store.

"We have arranged to have one of your Guardians show you around Bellgard."

"Oh," I replied, trying to act disinterested. I found myself excited, but also surprisingly nervous about the possibility that it would be Calvin. I couldn't help but wonder what Calvin was thinking. I wondered why he wasn't the one with me in my room last night. Had he gotten the wrong impression about us since James had carried me upstairs? Had Calvin told anyone he knew me?

I was just finishing my tea when the young, blond-haired guard I had noticed the night before entered the room.

Blake gestured to me. "Are you ready?"

"Sure." I stood and smoothed out my dress.

"This is Henry, one of your Guards." Blake gestured to the boy. He looked nervous as he glanced at me.

"Hi, Henry. I'm Charlotte." I gave him a small smile.

"Should we begin the tour?"

"Sure, why not." Wondering what a tour would entail, I followed Henry out of the room.

"So, your name is Charlotte? That is a pretty name. They never even mentioned it last night."

"I guess I'm pretty much the Essence here, huh?" I tried to make it sound like a joke, even though it didn't seem very funny to me.

"I guess so, but there are worse titles." He smiled and handed me the same cloak I had worn on my way in. I took it wordlessly.

Henry led me out of the large castle doors, nodding at the two armed men on either side as we passed. Walking out into the sunlight, I realized it was the first time I had seen the outdoors since riding in with James. Now as I looked around, I was moved by the colors and faces I saw. A few people looked at me with interest, like they were trying to figure out who I was, as the dark cloak hid most of my features.

The first stop on my tour was the market. It was open-air, which surprised me, considering how cold it was outside, but the few people we saw wore heavy cloaks and didn't seem bothered by the weather. I noticed that many of the stalls were empty, and Henry explained that with the poor harvests of the last few years, food was not as plentiful as it used to be. Henry stopped in front of a vendor, handed over a few coins, and picked up a fruit roughly the same size and shape of a coconut, but bright green. Henry hit the fruit against the table, and it split open. He handed me a piece of the fleshy fruit from the inside. I hesitated before trying it; the edible portion was also green. After watching Henry devour several large pieces, I tentatively put a small piece in my mouth.

"Wow, this is incredible!" The fruit was sweet and tart at the same time, and like nothing I had ever tried. My breakfast hadn't been out of the ordinary, so it surprised me to be eating something so different.

"I'm glad you like it. It's called a jade fruit, in case you want more." Henry looked pleased and handed me another piece. "They were really rare for a while but, with you back, I'm sure there will be plenty." I looked away; it was so strange to be held responsible for the harvests.

While we ate, Henry led me past a few craftsmen. One in particular caught my attention because among the products he was selling was an exact copy of the dollhouse I had as a little girl. I remembered that it had once belonged to my mom, but of course I never imagined it had been made by someone in another world.

Our next stop was in front of seven industrial-sized buildings. "What are these?" The buildings appeared newer than the other structures and appeared somewhat out of place.

"It's the Barracks. It's where all of the soldiers that make up the Bravado live. The Guardians live there, too, but we will be moving into a new building after the ceremony. The Gerard will move into the castle."

"The Bravado?" I chose to ignore the part about the Gerard, still not really understanding what it meant.

"Sorry, I forgot that you are so unfamiliar with Energo. The Bravado is the name of our elite military unit that Blake created."

"Oh, but why are there so many?" I couldn't imagine needing enough soldiers to fill up those huge barracks.

"Bellgard is the capital, so it is the central military base. Energo has always been strong, and under Blake we were able to defeat all of the nations around us. But without an Essence, it has been difficult to defend even our borders, so we needed large numbers of soldiers. We did not understand why Blake was building up the weaponry so much, but now we know it was because he could tell a new Essence was coming of age." He smiled shyly.

"But why must all the nations be at war?" I asked, knowing that I sounded naive. I had taken enough history to understand that war was an inevitable part of life.

"Everyone wants what we have-control over the Source. That is why we need to make sure you stay protected; others will want to capture you to gain control." I could tell that he was proud to be tasked with my protection.

I shuddered involuntarily at the thought of being captured by anyone. He must have noticed. "Don't worry, Charlotte; we would never let that happen. We have been chosen as your Guard for a reason," he said, flexing his arm to show off his muscles while laughing. As different as this was from my home, boys still seemed the same.

As Henry showed me around, I realized that I was having fun. He was really easy to talk to. During our walk, we talked about our families. Henry was the youngest of five boys, and he was excited to brag to them about how he was the only one to be a Guardian. Clearly, Blake had not exaggerated the significance of the position. It just seemed so strange that all of these men were tasked with protecting me. I was already sick of being babied by my family; I didn't like the feel of this.

We moved into a more residential area of Bellgard. We moved past smaller homes, more like cottages, and I watched children running around playing games, while a few animals roamed the streets. I assumed this was the less affluent area of town, and Henry hurried us through it. We walked further out from the city center, and I saw several larger homes, each spaced a good distance apart from the others. When we came to one of the largest of the stone structures, Henry proudly pointed it out as his family's home. I had been unaware that he was from Bellgard.

I asked him what it had been like growing up there. I was becoming more and more curious about Bellgard and my family.

"I do not have anything to compare it to, but it was a nice enough childhood," Henry said after considering my question for a minute. "I had my lessons and played with my brothers mostly. I never imagined I would end up a Guardian." Henry grinned when he mentioned being a Guardian. I hardly knew him, but I was glad that he was on my Guard. I had a feeling we would eventually become friends.

I decided to go ahead and ask him what I really wanted to know. "Obviously you never met my mom, but did you know anything about my family?"

"Of course I did. The Winthrops are our royal family, and even years later, people still talked about the disappearance of the Essence. When your mom left, everything changed, and people gave up hope. I cannot begin to tell you how important it is to Energo that you have been found."

I thought about asking more questions, but I wasn't sure if Henry was the right one to ask. I suddenly missed Monty; he was the one who could give me the answers I needed.

Henry led me back to the castle, where he said goodbye and took off in the other direction. A member of the Bravado who didn't introduce himself showed me back to my room. Finding myself alone with nothing to do, I remembered that I had my iPod with me. I lay down on the bed, put on my headphones, and tried to zone out. I decided to listen to the new playlist Liam had made for me, and I tried to concentrate on the lyrics so I could relax. It worked.

Before I knew it, Tara was helping me into a dress that seemed even fancier than the one I had worn the night before. It was dark blue with long sleeves and a fitted bodice; it fit perfectly. I couldn't have gotten a better fit if I had it tailored; my mom must have been exactly the same measurements when she was my age. "I think you should wear it down," Tara said, as she straightened my hair with her fingers.

"Really? I never wear it down." I was still embarrassed by the attention. I was never going to get used to someone waiting on me; it felt so alien.

"Why not?"

"Just because." I didn't want to explain how I looked too much like my mom with it down. Then I remembered how much Calvin liked it down and told her I thought it was a great idea. Besides, I was already wearing her clothes. I was sure no one would mind if I looked just like her.

"You look wonderful. Do you feel ready?" Tara asked. As ready as I'll ever be, I thought.

Chapter Seventeen

Kevin

The sun had just started to set when we neared the Cason caves. Squinting to get a better view, I was skeptical as we headed toward the side of the mountain. "You're sure your guy lives here?" I struggled to see where we were headed, but all I saw was the massive rock face of a mountain.

"This was where Percy lived the last time I was here, before we fled. If there is still a resistance, it would be here," Monty assured me.

"Resistance?" Liam asked.

"When Emma and I fled, some of the people rallied against Blake, blaming him for running Emma out. They made up the resistance," Monty said, as he slowed down. I was trying to think of something to say in response when I felt someone grab my arm. I flipped around, ready to attack, but lowered my fist when I came face to face with a sword. Evidently, someone lived in this cave.

"What are you doing here, and what do you want?" a man in his late twenties asked.

Monty held his ground. "We are here to see Percy."

"And who are you?" the man asked.

"Monty, Guardian of Emma." Monty displayed the hilt of his sword, and the man nodded.

"And who are these others?"

"Emma's son Kevin, and Liam, a friend of the family."

"What do you hope to accomplish by seeing Percy?"

I didn't wait for Monty to answer. "They've taken my sister, and Monty says Percy is our only chance of getting her back."

"Please, just let us go to Percy. We do not have much time," Monty pleaded.

The man looked at us seriously. "I trust that you are who you say you are, but if you're lying, then consider yourself dead."

"As a show of faith, I hand over our only weapon." The man nodded, and I almost choked. I couldn't believe that Monty was giving up the sword.

The man put away his own sword, and appeared weighed down by Monty's as he led us through thick overgrown ferns that obscured the entrance to the cave. It was like we were in some sort of fern grotto. I turned to look back and, out of the corner of my eye, saw the gray cat take off down the steep mountainside. The further we walked, the denser the ferns became until it grew dark. Suddenly, we stopped. I was last in the line, and up ahead I heard a scraping sound, as if someone was moving something heavy. I assumed it was rocks. When Liam started to move ahead of me, I followed, trying not to let the fact that we were walking into some hidden cave bother me too much. Whatever I expected it to be from the outside, I was wrong. I could not believe what I was seeing as we walked into the mouth of the cave. It was immense, like nothing I had ever seen, with several entryways on either side. Finally, we stopped in front of a large wooden door.

The man knocked on the door, then opened it slightly, telling someone who I assumed was Percy that he had visitors. I heard a voice from inside tell the man to let us in, and Monty pushed ahead with Liam and me at his heels. Once again, my expectations were wrong. In front of me sat an old, decrepit man who was barely able to stand, even with the help of a cane.

"Monty," Percy said. "It has been far too long."

He looked at me next. "You have some of her in you for sure." I assumed he meant my mother, but I didn't dare ask.

He then looked at Liam. "And who might you be?"

"Liam, sir."

"And what does that tell me?" Percy said in an unreadable voice.

Monty interrupted before Liam could respond, "He is a family friend who has come to help. But Percy, please, we have little time."

"This would not have anything to do with a certain girl with blue eyes, now would it?" Percy asked.

"Yes, have you seen her?" Monty asked eagerly.

"So I was right to assume that she must be Emma's, then?" Percy had an edge of excitement to his voice.

"Yes, Emma's daughter, Charlotte. I am pretty sure that Blake has her."

"He has her, all right," Percy said seriously. I got chills when he said that. I had already accepted the fact that Charlotte was likely a prisoner, but it was different to hear someone say it aloud.

"What have you heard?" Monty asked.

"My sources at Bellgard only told me that Blake had called a meeting with the remaining Guardians and a crop of strong young men. This was after his son brought back a young girl with blue eyes who has not left Bellgard since her arrival. I could only assume that Blake had found the next Essence." Percy stroked his beard.

"So they think Charlotte is the Essence?"

"It is more than just a suspicion, Monty. I have heard word that the girl has shown clear signs of being the Essence, and no other female in your family has shown any."

"But how?" Monty had a stricken look of fear on his face. "It is much too soon, and Charlotte has never shown any signs. I would have noticed."

"It seems the call of the Essence is stronger than we would have thought," Percy replied. "Perhaps the signs only started when she entered Energo."

"How could I have been so blind?" Monty sounded completely defeated. "The glow I saw, it was more than just a teenage crush. James must be her Gerard!"

"Wait a second," I broke in. "Are you trying to tell me that James and my sister are supposed to be some kind of ruling couple now?"

"Maybe not," Percy said slowly. "The glow may be unrelated. There is a possibility that James is not her Gerard. There has never been an Essence raised outside of Energo, so we do not know if the signs will be the same."

"So, all that tells me is that there is just some other guy who is going to try to get with my sister," I said angrily.

Monty ignored me to ask Percy another question. "You say they have young men. Have they already found all the Guardians?"

"All but two, and I assume that one is standing right here with us." Percy looked directly at me. It took me a few seconds to realize what he was implying.

"Yes, I would also think so," Monty admitted. "Kevin is Charlotte's only brother, so if she really is the Essence, he should be a Guardian, unless the call of the Guardian is not strong enough to transcend the borders of Energo. But you said there is another Guardian missing," Monty added, while I was still processing the implications of what he was saying.

"Yes. Your other nephew, I would think, but I have heard nothing of him since Theodore was imprisoned," Percy said calmly.

"Theodore is in prison?" The way Monty said it made it clear that he felt distaste at saying the name. I was confused as to who Theodore was, and how Monty had another nephew I didn't know about. Did that mean he was my cousin?

"Yes. He turned on Blake when he realized Emma's power was gone. Of course, Blake had also turned his anger on Theodore when he realized that his daughter was not the Essence. I wondered if Emma had children. It seemed the only explanation for why the Essence had not been found." Percy looked from me to Liam and then back to Monty. "I am sure that you came to me because you want help in retrieving your niece?"

"Yes," Monty answered immediately.

"And all three of you then are prepared to enter into battle, even you, Liam?" Percy watched Liam intently.

Liam looked straight into Percy's eyes, and spoke without hesitation. "Yes. I care about finding Charlotte as much as they do and, besides, I would never leave Kevin and Monty hanging." I was impressed; as old as Percy was, he really was intimidating.

"Admirable, young man, but I hope you realize the danger you are about to face. This is no game," Percy warned.

"I understand," Liam said.

"And you, too, Kevin?" Percy asked, looking at me. "Even if retrieving Charlotte is possible, it will be incredibly dangerous. You need to make sure you understand what you are undertaking."

"We're talking about my sister. Trust me; I'm in," I assured him.

"And you know that I realize the stakes, Percy, but this is my niece. She's just a kid and knows nothing of her background," Monty said emphatically.

"I understand and will do anything possible. If Charlotte is really the Essence, we all have a lot at stake." Percy called the man, Tomas, into the room.

"I will have Tomas show you to a place to sleep. Rest up. We will begin training tomorrow." Percy glanced at me when he said that, almost as though the words were meant only for me.

Chapter Eighteen

Charlotte

I waited in front of a majestic cathedral with a man who had been introduced as the blacksmith. He was a small man without any distinguishing characteristics, but it was obvious he was well respected. I pondered how I had gotten to where I was standing at that moment. How had I ended up in this strange world, living in a castle and being asked to attend a ceremony I knew absolutely nothing about? I looked down at the dress I wore and once again marveled. Though somewhat uncomfortable, I did feel beautiful.

There were crowds of people around me, and I was trying to figure out what they were there to watch. It almost seemed like they were all staring at me. The crowd was made up of people of all ages; I even saw several women holding young children wrapped in blankets to keep out the cold. It was snowing lightly, and I wished that I had my warm cloak. Suddenly, the blacksmith gestured for me to start walking, so I moved toward the door as it opened.

Upon entering the cathedral, I was immediately struck by the architecture. The cathedral was built into an actual mountain. The entire back wall was composed of waterfalls. Small waterfalls filled out the sides of the wall, while a long waterfall cascaded from the center rock wall and continued down the length of the room. A marble basin stood about halfway down, with a rock walkway through the water that led to it from the front of the room. The two sets of Guards I had seen the night before were positioned on each side of the larger waterfall with the older men on the left and the younger on the right. When I turned to look behind me, I saw silhouettes of the outside crowd pressed against the frosted windows.

The older Guardians held swords with intricate patterns detailing the entire length of the handle. Blake held two swords, one in each hand. I was trying to make out the patterns when suddenly the younger men fell to their knees, and the older men handed over the swords, stepping one foot into the water as they reached across.

The blacksmith gestured for me to start walking on the rock path. At first I was tentative, but after a few steps, it felt completely natural. Slowly feeling stronger and surer of myself as I progressed, I carefully took each step until I reached the basin. As though someone was feeding me instructions, I bent down and dipped my hands in the water basin. I knew exactly what I had to do.

The water initially felt cool but rapidly warmed until it was almost hot. The waterfalls intensified; the loud noise of the pouring water echoed off the vaulted ceiling. It felt like the entire room was shaking. I looked up and saw that all eight of the swords were glowing bright green; I found that I couldn't focus on the faces of the boys, only the swords.

Slowly, the swords started to change color and become a lighter green. I tried to focus on the faces around me, but I still couldn't. Everything blurred except for the swords.

I moved toward the swords, walking through the shallow water unaware of what was propelling me forward. Barely feeling the now cool water, I somehow knew it was the right thing to do. I stepped to the bank and stopped directly in front of one sword to place my palm gently on the blade. The blade suddenly turned bright blue before fading to a lighter shade of blue. I reached for the free hand of the guardian holding the blue sword. He took my hand and stood. As the boy rose, the blurriness subsided, allowing me to see. I was holding hands with Calvin.

Calvin beamed and seemed even taller than the last time I had seen him. I finally tore my gaze away from his and saw that the Guardian closest to him was looking at me with a cold, hard stare; it was James.

I felt strange; I had never felt so full of emotion, but I wasn't afraid. Usually, a situation like this would have made me pass out, but none of the anxiety was there. I had never felt stronger. Calvin squeezed my hand, and I looked directly into his eyes as one word escaped his lips. "Charlotte." I smiled and squeezed his hand in return.

I had almost forgotten about the men on the other side of the river, but I looked over as Blake addressed those assembled. "The Source has given us back our power. The dark days are over. A new Essence is among us. She has chosen the next Gerard, and so we look to him to lead us by her side."

The older men began walking out of the building one by one, and then my Guardians, which I had begun to see as such, followed them. I stole a glance at James's face one last time before he turned to leave. There was no humor left, just anger.

Finally, Calvin led me to the exit, and we walked into the throngs of waiting crowds. I looked back at the building and saw that the mountain it was built into had a faint glow, as though lit by a high-voltage light.

Calvin continued to lead me forward, never letting go of my hand as we walked through the village and back to the castle. The castle was illuminated with bright lights. He led me by the Great Hall, and I peeked inside. Men and women filled the room; my Guardians looked exuberant.

Calvin then led me past the hall and out onto a small balcony. It was still cold outside, but I felt warm as he pulled me into his arms.

"Charlotte, Charlotte, is this not just like a dream?" He kissed me lightly on the lips.

Although no one had explained much of anything, it all seemed to fall into place, as though I had known all along that I was destined to be here.

"Calvin, it's you," I said dreamily.

"I knew last night when you walked in that I was to be the Gerard. I could hardly contain my excitement and joy. When I first met you, I dreamed that I would one day be able to amount to enough to make me a worthy partner for you. To go from that sliver of hope to finding out that now not only can I be with you, but I am meant to be with you, is unimaginable." He kissed me eagerly. I was left breathless, just like all of the other times. If it was possible, Calvin looked even happier when he saw my reaction. Normally, I would have been a nervous wreck by now, but my thoughts were still so clear from the ceremony that I didn't even look away.

"So this is what love feels like," I said quietly.

Calvin's face lit up even more. "Yes, only it is a stronger love than anyone else could ever experience. We will make a perfect match, Charlotte. I will make sure that you have a life full of any happiness you could dream of, and that you have everything you could ever want."

I vaguely remembered Blake explaining that the Essence and the Gerard were essentially the leaders of Energo. "But how are we supposed to lead? I know so little about this world."

"We will do what is right, and I know that Blake will remain and help us find our way. He understands that neither of us were brought up for our positions. We need guidance."

"But you are from here," I said, surprised that he considered himself just as unprepared.

"Charlotte, you saw where I was raised. I am from a farming family. But none of that matters. It will all be perfect." He gently lifted my face.

I smiled, happy to be with Calvin again and to see that he was equally happy to be with me. He held me a few moments longer before pulling away slightly. "As much as I do not want to give up a minute of time alone with you, I believe we need to enter the hall now. We are expected." Calvin, who had only momentarily released my hand, clasped it again and led me down the corridor and into the Great Hall.

I was greeted by the other seven members of my Guard. Each bowed slightly, even James. Henry smiled when he saw me. "How amazing was that, Charlotte?"

"Pretty amazing." I returned the smile. I thought about giving him a hug, but something stopped me; maybe it was the look that Calvin was giving Henry, presumably for talking to me so informally. Everyone else acted like I was royalty or something. One of the older Guardians hit Calvin on the shoulder in a friendly way, and Calvin grinned. Calvin introduced him as William, and I could tell that he was Calvin's most trusted friend on the Guard. William shook my hand formally and told me that I had chosen the finest man to be my Gerard. I smiled at him before looking over at Calvin, who could hardly contain his happiness. I shook hands with my other Guardians, Gabriel, Drake, Philip, and Myron. When I spotted James, I tried to think of something to say. His face was still full of anger. Calvin pulled me forward when he saw me looking at James. James looked away, as though he couldn't bear to look at me. Something inside of me hardened at his reaction. Wasn't he the one who brought me here in the first place? Why did he think he had the right to be mad at me?

"Charlotte, pay him no worry. He knows his duty and will get over his disappointment," Calvin whispered, as he led me further into the room.

"Disappointment? He thought he would be Gerard?" I phrased it as a question, although I could feel the answer.

"Yes. Most of the men assumed it would be James, considering who his father is, and that he is the one who brought you to Bellgard. I admit that it was hard for me to watch him carry you off last night, but I knew that after tonight I would be the only one allowed to do that, so I made myself keep quiet." He brushed some hair away from my face.

"I only came with him to be near you," I said quietly.

"I know. I did not doubt it for a moment." He led me over to a table lined with goblets filled with a dark red liquid that I presumed was wine.

Calvin handed me a goblet and raised his own. Then, with a deeper voice than I expected, he called for attention. "A new era begins tonight. We have found our Essence, and she has selected me as her Gerard. I will rise to my position with every ounce of strength I have. I promise you that Charlotte and I will unite and lead you into a period of prosperity and hope."

Everyone raised their goblets, and I did the same. "To Energo and to our Essence."

After watching everyone else, I took a small sip, and then stopped. Yes, it was definitely wine. "Calvin, I can't drink this."

Calvin looked confused. "Why not?"

"I'm only fifteen."

"And that matters?"

I almost laughed; they probably didn't have a drinking age here. "Where I'm from, you aren't allowed to drink alcohol until twenty-one," I admitted.

"Twenty-one!" Calvin echoed. "Is it not until then that you become of age?" he asked, looking slightly concerned.

"Well, we can vote and join the army at eighteen."

"I assure you that here you are every bit of age and can drink if you desire." He smiled. I took another sip of the wine, unable to help feeling like a rebel.

I noticed that everyone else in the room was watching us. Calvin seemed to be delighting in it, and for once, I didn't really mind being the center of attention, but it still seemed surreal.

"Every man in this room wishes he were me tonight," Calvin whispered when he noticed me looking around.

"Because you're the new leader?"

"More importantly, they know I have you," he said, squeezing my hand.

"I'm lucky, too, you know," I whispered, and he smiled brightly.

Blake suddenly appeared at my side, giving me a slight chill. I couldn't really place it, but my senses seemed much stronger. When my Guardians greeted me, I knew I could trust them. It was almost like a voice in my head guided me, except it didn't use words. It was just an intense feeling. I had the opposite sensation with Blake; something told me to be wary of him.

"Well done, both of you. I think this serves to remind us of how natural a calling the Essence and Gerard are." Blake stood uncomfortably close to us, and I tried to suppress a shiver.

"Yes, we will fulfill our duty proudly," Calvin said, still beaming. His pride and bliss seemed limitless, and it made me feel guilty for being out of sorts.

"I am sure you will. Your power and strength will only increase the more you are together. I look forward to watching you flourish. But Calvin, may I borrow Charlotte for a moment?" I noted that Blake didn't ask for my permission.

Calvin looked hesitant, but walked away, keeping me in his line of sight.

"You did well, Charlotte. I had little doubt that you would, but I wondered if it would work the same way since you were raised outside our borders."

"Blake, I have done what you asked of me. When can I go home?" The words were hard, and I hardly realized I was saying them. I hadn't even been thinking of home before Blake joined us; I had been so lost in the feeling of contentment I felt with Calvin.

"Home? Charlotte, your home is here. Do you not want to be with Calvin?" Blake looked pointedly over at Calvin, who was eyeing us curiously.

"Yes, but I also miss my family. I'm sure they are starting to get worried," I argued, standing my ground.

"I would be happy to send word to them for you, but for now you must stay here. Think of what poor Calvin would do if you left now, before you even got to know one another?" Blake was clearly trying to make me feel like the bad one, but I didn't fall for it.

"He would understand. He could come with me, of course," I told Blake firmly.

"Your place is here. The sooner you accept that, the easier it will be. It is time to grow up; you are not a child anymore. We would not want you to meet the same fate as your mother, now, would we?" Blake asked icily, and with that, he walked away into the crowd.

Calvin immediately appeared at my side. "Charlotte, are you all right? You look a little pale." I felt anger welling up inside of me. I could hardly breathe, my anger was so intense. I reached toward Calvin, knowing that his touch would calm me. Just as my senses had improved after the Ceremony, Calvin's presence had an even stronger effect on me.

Calvin took my hand in his again, and I started to feel better. "Your eyes are so beautiful, Charlotte," he said suddenly.

"Thank you." I accepted the compliment without blushing as much as I expected.

As soothing as being with Calvin was, I still felt off. I suddenly started to rethink my time at the castle. Had I been blind to Blake this whole time? Had I not realized how mean he could be? Telling me to grow up? The way I saw it, I had been handling the events of the past few days very well for a fifteen-year-old. With the way he had mentioned my mother's fate, I started to get a sick feeling that he had something to do with her death.

"Calvin, I'm suddenly very tired. Would it be all right with you if I went to bed?" I asked, hoping he wouldn't be disappointed. At first I had been tempted to share my fears about Blake with Calvin, but I couldn't ruin this event for him. Calvin looked happy enough to burst. Still, I knew that I couldn't celebrate anymore.

"Of course, may I escort you to the stairs?" Calvin clearly wasn't upset by my request.

"Please do," I responded, and he smiled.

Calvin held onto my hand as we walked down the long hallway. The foot of the stairs was dark, with only a few sconces lighting the stairway. He wrapped his arms around me and kissed me lightly on the lips. I felt a jolt of energy and warmth. He pulled away slowly, as though reluctant to lose the touch.

"Goodnight, Charlotte, my love. I hope you have the sweetest dreams. I know that I will be dreaming of you tonight like I do every night," he whispered.

"Goodnight." I hugged him before I reluctantly started up the stairs. It was hard to say goodbye to him, feeling anxiety and a sudden emptiness at leaving him, but I knew that I had to get away from the party.

I looked back down the stairs as I neared the top and saw that he still stood watching me; I waved and walked down the hallway to my room. At the door to my room I found an armed member of the Bravado standing guard. He nodded, and I entered my room.

Tara was already waiting. She offered to help me change, and I agreed, appreciating her help getting me out of my dress. Afterward, I told her she was free to go to bed. She left quickly. As soon as the door closed behind her, I heard a key turn in the lock.

Chapter Nineteen

Kevin

The air felt humid when I awoke the next morning. I thought I was used to humidity after growing up in Charleston, but this was even worse. The weather in Energo was full of extremes. The air had felt dry when I went to sleep the night before.

My sleep had been fitful and full of dreams, most of which involved Charlotte running away from me, always a few steps out of my reach. Monty insisted we take some time to train, but I felt like I was failing my sister by taking so long to get to her. Wasn't I supposed to be the strong one, the fast one? I started to feel like a weakling who couldn't even protect his own sister.

I tried to shake the dreams as I quickly finished the water and bread given to me by Tomas. I looked over at Monty and Liam, who both seemed as out of it as I did. Monty looked more worn than I ever remembered seeing him, or maybe more than worn, he looked scared. I got the feeling that if Monty was scared for Charlotte, then we were in trouble.

After breakfast, we quickly cleaned up and changed into different clothes. Liam and I weren't thrilled about it, but Monty convinced us that we didn't need to call any unnecessary attention to ourselves. Dressed in our new clothes, we followed Tomas into a huge open space at the back of the cave. My jaw dropped when I saw that Percy wasn't alone; he was standing next to a girl in her late teens. She was tall, with her blond hair pulled back, and she wore boots that only emphasized her height and her unbelievably long legs. She looked directly at me, and I tried to act disinterested. I quickly shook myself; my sister was missing, and her safety came first.

"Gentleman, this is Samantha. She will help with the training." Percy gestured to the girl beside him. I tried to hide my surprise. This girl was going to help us train?

"Samantha was brought here as a young child after her parents became prisoners at Bellgard. Luckily, she has agreed to accompany us on our rescue attempt, and I assure you she will be an important asset." Percy looked at her with pride.

"Kevin, let us have you start," Percy said, as Samantha took a step toward me. She looked at me seriously, obviously ready to fight.

"I don't fight with girls," I objected, as soon as I realized what she was planning to do. Even playing sports with girls was hard. You couldn't just let them win because they'd get upset but, then again, you couldn't play your hardest either. And now I was supposed to fight one?

"You did not just say that," Samantha said furiously. I looked over at her quickly, but not fast enough. Her leg came out of nowhere, knocking me in the chest, propelling me to the ground. From a distance, I heard Liam laughing. I would kill him. I got up slowly, watching as Samantha approached Liam.

"You next?" she asked.

Liam immediately stopped laughing. "Uh, no thanks." Served him right, I thought, still feeling embarrassed.

"Are you afraid to fight girls, too?" she asked without a trace of humor on her face.

"No," Liam said nervously.

"Okay, then,"

Even with the heads up, Liam ended up sprawled on the floor as well. Monty took her on next, and he was incredible. He was unbelievably fast and able to anticipate her every move. Eventually, Monty had Samantha on the ground. At first it was weird to see Monty kicking around a girl, but considering what she had done to me, I understood it. I had no idea that Monty knew how to fight like that. But I probably shouldn't have been surprised, considering he was from another world and all.

We took turns fighting all day. It turned out that Tomas was pretty good at combat, too. We didn't use any weapons, it was more about strength and agility. I pushed myself as hard as I could. I had been through hard practices before, but this was something else altogether. We had short breaks, but never quite long enough to fully recover before we were working again. Percy was an intense coach.

Late in the afternoon, Percy led us outside behind the cave to an enormous shear mountain wall. I stared at it for a minute trying to figure out what Percy expected us to do. I saw Monty approach the wall and understanding dawned-we were going to climb it. Before Monty started to climb, it looked like there were absolutely no hand or footholds. As I watched him, I realized that there were some tiny cracks in the surface that were just big enough to maneuver with your fingers. I followed behind Monty, just ready to get it over with. It was exhausting. I almost slipped a few times, but I was able to catch myself. Liam had even more trouble than I did, but he made it up unscathed. Samantha followed him easily, although she moved slowly. After Tomas reached the top, I watched in awe as Percy scaled the wall like it was nothing. Percy could barely walk with a cane! So now on top of being beat up by a girl, I had been shown up by a crippled old man.

Exhausted, I was thrilled when Percy finally suggested we call it a day. Every muscle in my body ached, and I really wanted to sit down. I was about to start climbing down when Percy stopped me.

"Kevin, I have one more thing I want you to try before we stop," Percy said, watching me. I couldn't believe it. As much as I wanted to turn him down, I didn't want to look weak in front of Samantha.

"Sure Percy, what is it?" I noticed that the rest of the group was watching us.

I followed Percy over to the edge of the cliff still unsure of what he was going to tell me to do.

"All you need to do is jump to the other side," Percy said nonchalantly. I thought I was hearing things. There was no way that I was going to be able to make that jump. The gap between the cliffs must have been nearly twenty feet. Assuming there had to be some sort of trick, I moved closer to the edge of the cliff, but there was nothing between the cliffs for hundreds of feet until the dried riverbed below. There was no way anyone could survive such a fall.

I wasn't the only one concerned. "Percy, are you sure he's ready for this?" Monty asked. "Maybe we should wait until he has more experience."

"If he is going to handle himself at Bellgard, he had better be able to make this jump now. We do not have the luxury of time, Monty."

I was already nervous, but hearing the doubt in Monty's voice really scared me. Monty had always been my biggest fan, aside from Charlotte, so if he didn't think I was ready, then I could be in some serious trouble. I tried to think of a way to get out of it when I looked over and saw Samantha eyeing me. Great, I thought, now I really have to do it. I decided to get it over with. I hoped that Percy had some rescue plan in case I fell, but I seriously doubted it. Logically, I knew that attempting the jump was stupid, but I couldn't back down from the challenge. I took a running start and prepared to start freefalling. Suddenly, I felt ground beneath my feet. I opened my eyes and turned around. I had made it!

"Good job!" Monty called over to me, relief clear on his face.

"I told you he was ready." Percy smiled at me for the first time.

"Nice one, man!" Liam said, clearly impressed.

"I'll see you all at the bottom," I called before starting my descent. I was pumped with adrenalin after the jump, but at the same time, I couldn't shake the feeling that I was going to be facing much worse obstacles at Bellgard.

Overall, I was physically spent, and I felt pretty dumb. In one day, I had been taken down by a girl and outdone by my uncle and an old man. The only saving grace was that I had miraculously made the jump. Monty tried to reassure me that more training and patience would go a long way, but I was still in shock. I was used to being the best at anything physical, and this was embarrassing. I started to worry about our chances of saving Charlotte. What if I wasn't strong enough, and I let her down? I knew that I would never forgive myself, so I pushed harder. Liam seemed to be having an even harder time than I was, but I was impressed by how tough he was; nothing seemed to keep him down. We had barely talked, too engrossed in the training, but I could tell from his face that he had the same concerns I did about rescuing Charlotte.

Liam and I excitedly walked over to where dinner was being served. We were both starving. I didn't know why we had gotten our hopes up; the food was no better than it had been for lunch. It was like hummus without any of the flavor, but with crunchy bits that I decided I would rather not identify. Liam and I looked at each other as we tried to swallow it.

"I'm really starting to miss pizza," I said, as I took another bite.

"I don't think you're the only one. Maybe it's pepperoni withdrawal that has Monty in such a bad mood." Liam laughed and nodded toward where Monty sat looking miserable.

"Maybe you're not so far off," I joked back. It felt good to laugh, even though we both knew that Monty's mood had nothing to do with pizza.

I was still feeling pretty lousy when Samantha came over.

"You would not be half bad if you stopped trying to show off." She sat down next to me.

"So, is that a backhanded compliment or-" I started.

"It is advice. Look, I know I was hard on you today, but I need to be. If we have any chance of getting into the castle at Bellgard, we have to be at our best."

"It's going to be tough, huh?" I tried to hide how completely humiliated I was.

"Yes. There is no way that they are letting us in easily, especially if your sister is the new Essence." She pushed the food around on her plate.

"Listen, I'm sorry for implying that girls couldn't fight. That was pretty stupid," I said, wanting to clear things up.

"It was, but I will give you a pass this one time. Just do not make the mistake again." She stood and walked away.

I was still feeling humiliated when I went to sleep, especially about how dumb and weak I must have looked to Samantha. She really was a lot more than met the eye. I had never met a girl like her before, and as much as I knew I should be thinking of other things, I couldn't get her out of my head.

Chapter Twenty

Charlotte

I paced around my room trying to make sense of the situation. Blake had made it clear that I wasn't leaving the castle, and now I was locked in my room with an armed guard outside. Things were getting intense. I knew that I had to find a way to leave, even if it meant leaving Calvin behind. That realization was a hard one to accept. I knew that it would hurt even more if we were separated now. The ceremony had made my connection to him so much stronger. I felt the pull to be with him even as I plotted to leave. Part of me ached to be in his arms, but another part warned me not to lose sight of my family and home. I also knew that Blake had plans of his own that I couldn't afford to ignore.

I pulled open the chest and was relieved to find my jeans, t-shirt, and sweatshirt folded neatly inside. I pulled them on quickly and tried to think of another way out. I looked at my reflection in the mirror and almost fell backward. No wonder Calvin had commented on my eyes; they were now bright blue, several shades brighter than they usually were. I walked over to the windows and discovered that the farthest window was actually a door with a small balcony. I was relieved when I was able to push open the door, but disappointed that there appeared to be no way down. As I was about to close the door, I jumped, noticing a small gray cat slip into my room.

"How did you get up here?" I asked the small creature, momentarily distracted from my search for an exit.

"You did not really expect them to let you leave, did you?" A low, melodic voice asked. I spun, wondering who had entered my room.

The voice continued, "I assumed you were intelligent."

I felt insulted, and then realized with significant surprise that the voice was coming from the cat. "How? What? But you're a cat!" I started to wonder if I was losing my mind. I had been through a lot in the past few days; maybe I had finally snapped.

"If I show you my true form, you better not scream."

"Okay." I had no idea what I was agreeing to and hoped that I hadn't lost my sanity completely.

The cat started to tremor, and then suddenly there was a beautiful woman standing in front of me with warm brown skin, black hair, and gray eyes. The woman was dressed in clothing I would describe as 'warrior princess.' I quickly learned that my impression was not so far off.

"I am Naomi, a princess from Zataman, and I have been sent into Energo to stop your people from waging more war," the woman said eloquently. Having fallen backward after watching her transformation, I was just peeling myself off the floor when she introduced herself. Sometimes it was easy to forget that Energo was a different world, but watching a cat turn into a woman made it all too clear.

"Waging war?" I didn't bother asking who my people were; I already knew.

"You really do not know what they are up to, do you?" Naomi sized me up.

"Up to?"

"They want to use you, Charlotte, use you like they used your mother to conquer other nations." I felt a shiver go up my spine again when I thought about someone using my mother. What exactly would that entail?

I remembered that Blake had never explained why my mother had left. "My mother?"

"Yes, why do you think she ran into your world? She did not want to be part of such destruction and violence. She hated to leave her home, but she refused to be part of such activities."

"Did Blake have anything to do with my mom's death?" I wanted to confirm my suspicions, but was terrified of the implications.

"Quite likely," Naomi said coolly.

"But... he wouldn't kill her, right? He couldn't have! How could her Gerard do that?" I gasped, suddenly beginning to question my unwavering trust in Calvin.

"Charlotte, you have much to learn, which is why what I tell you is so important."

I shivered. Even though I had just met her, I knew in every grain of my being that she was speaking the truth. I wondered if the ceremony had anything to do with the new perception.

"Is Calvin involved in this?" I asked hesitantly, not really sure if I wanted to hear the answer.

"I do not know, but I know that he follows orders."

"But isn't he in charge now? Why would he follow orders?" I asked, trying to understand what would make him listen to Blake.

Naomi looked at me seriously as though trying to decide how to phrase her next statement. "Calvin is uncertain and willing to cede authority to Blake."

Somehow, knowing that I couldn't completely trust Calvin made it easier to move ahead. Without hesitation, I asked Naomi what I could do.

"You need to get into the dungeon," Naomi said without any hint of humor.

"Excuse me? The dungeon? How does that help?"

Before she could answer, there was a knock at the door. We both moved behind the door as it opened slightly. "Miss, is everything okay?" the guard asked from outside.

"Yes, everything is fine," I said as calmly as I could.

"I thought I heard you talking to someone," the guard pressed.

"No, I was just talking to myself."

"Oh. If you need any assistance, you need only knock," he said, as he closed the door.

As soon as the door closed, Naomi pulled me toward the balcony door. She opened it, and we walked out into the cold night. I looked around, and even in the darkness, I could make out men moving heavy equipment.

"Do those look like the actions of a nation at peace?" Naomi asked.

"One of my guardians told me that Energo was just protecting its borders," I said quietly, though I no longer believed it.

"You have a lot to learn, Charlotte," she said, as we walked back inside. "The reason you must get to the dungeon is that there is someone there who you need to meet. I cannot tell you who, in case they get it out of you before you reach the dungeon, but it is of the greatest importance that you make it there."

"How do I get down there?" I knew that I would do what she told me, yet wondered what she meant when she suggested that someone might get information out of me.

"You have to get put down there."

"Like as a prisoner?"

"Exactly. The hardest part of achieving that will be getting Calvin to agree. He is not going to part with you easily or want to sit by while you suffer. I have been told that only you will know how to upset him enough to get him to assent."

Even though the same feeling that told me to trust my Guardians flared around Naomi, and I knew unequivocally that Naomi was telling the truth, something still bothered me. "Naomi, how do you know so much about Energo and me?" I hoped I would like the answer.

"All I can tell you is that I have warned your family, and they are on their way to get you. I will report back to them on your progress," Naomi clearly held back most of the information.

Frustrated by how little I knew, I wanted to continue to press Naomi, but her expression told me that she wasn't going to be offering more. I made one last attempt, trying to learn more about Blake, but she just urged me to get down to the dungeon as soon as possible. I reluctantly thanked her for her help and watched in awe as the woman I was talking to quickly morphed back into a cat. I didn't know much about people who could shift into animals, but I expected there to be more, like maybe smoke or a strange noise. However, it happened so fast that I saw nothing. She waited for me to open the balcony door, and I watched her slip out into the night. For a second, I was nervous she wouldn't make it to the bottom, but I figured that anyone who could shape shift like that probably had other hidden talents. I closed the door and began to plan.

I knew that an easy way to show Blake and Calvin that I was resisting would be to wear my regular clothes. I had a feeling they wouldn't take well to my walking around in jeans. The rest of my plan was more complicated and would be more painful. I would have to hurt Calvin, and it upset me just to think about it.

Chapter Twenty-One

Charlotte

I couldn't sleep the night of the ceremony. I just couldn't wrap my head around how much had changed in my life over the past few days. I tried to make sense of what Naomi had told me, but mainly I felt torn between my love for Calvin and the knowledge that I had to hurt him in order to do what my conscience told me was necessary. I thought about how Blake had presumably taken my mother's life. If Blake was able to do that as the Gerard, how could I ever really trust Calvin? On a deeper level, I knew that Calvin's words of love were true; I just couldn't understand where it fit into the larger plan. I tried to reconcile my vision of Calvin with one that would follow Blake so blindly.

I put on my nightgown before Tara arrived to fill my bath. I tried to enjoy it because I knew that it was likely my last bath for a while. Afterward, I put on my jeans and even pulled my hair up into the same hair band that I arrived with.

When Tara returned, she appeared shocked by my appearance. "Charlotte, I really do not think that is an appropriate outfit," she said quietly.

"Who cares?" I said with an edge to my voice that I immediately regretted when I saw her face. "Tara," I added, suddenly worried about her getting in trouble for any of this. "I would stay far away from me today."

She looked both upset and confused. "But why?"

"Just trust me." I sounded too much like James for comfort.

"I do," Tara said quietly.

I walked over to the door and pushed it open. Another Bravado guard stood there, and he looked even more shocked by my appearance than Tara. I walked past him without a second glance and went downstairs. When I walked into the dining room, I saw that only Blake and Calvin were seated at the table. Both men stood when I entered the room, and neither hid their surprise at how I was dressed.

"Charlotte, were the dresses provided to you unsatisfactory?" My wardrobe choice had its intended result; Blake was already angry. "No, they were fine."

Blake didn't hide his annoyance. "Then I kindly ask you to change. Your clothing is simply not appropriate for the Essence."

"Who cares?" I asked.

Mouth hanging open, Calvin stared at me. Realizing I might not be eating much in the coming days, I grabbed a pastry from the tray, but I remained standing.

"Charlotte, please join us?" Calvin gestured to an empty chair.

"No."

"Why not?" he asked with concern.

"I choose not to dine with a murderer." I hadn't planned on using the word, but it just came out.

"Murderer?" Blake and Calvin said simultaneously.

"What did you do to my mother? How could you murder her?" I screamed at Blake.

"Charlotte, your mother decided her own fate. That man she chose to be with is the one to blame. He should have protected her." Blake spat the words.

"That man? You mean her husband, my father? My father is a good man. And don't you get it? I wouldn't be here if she hadn't married him." I seethed with anger.

"Charlotte, calm down. You do not know what you are saying." Calvin moved away from the table and toward me. He tried to touch my arm, but I pulled it away. This was the beginning of the hard part, and I knew it. It was going to get much worse. It hurt me to treat Calvin that way even though I knew I had to.

"Charlotte?" He reached for me again.

"Don't touch me!" I said fiercely.

"Charlotte, please, calm down," Calvin pleaded, his eyes full of pain.

"I'll calm down if you get Blake to explain what happened to my mom." I looked past Calvin to where Blake stood.

"Calvin, she is out of her mind. I have done nothing to her mother. She chose to run away and take our power, our light. Anything that happened afterward has nothing to do with us," Blake said, as though reading from a script.

Calvin nodded and once again tried to touch my arm. I flinched away again.

"Let me leave immediately!" I yelled at Blake.

Blake took a step closer to me. "As I told you last night, you cannot leave."

"Charlotte, you want to leave? You want to leave me?" Calvin cried. I had expected this to be hard, but the pain was so much worse than I had imagined. He sounded too wounded, and my own heart hurt as I jabbed at his. I ignored him as best I could, trying to avoid his pained face.

"Why not? Why can't I leave?"

"You are needed here," Blake said evenly.

"To do what?" I asked, not caring about the answer.

"Protect your people."

"Protect my people? You mean pillage other nations?" I said harshly, trying to control my rage and hurt.

Calvin looked over at Blake. "Can I please speak with her alone?"

"Of course." Blake shot me an icy stare. "You need to get her into line."

Once Blake left, Calvin tried to move closer to me again, so I moved back. This continued until I was backed against the wall. I tried to look away, but I knew it was no use.

"Charlotte, why are you doing this? Do you not see that we can have everything; we can be together and have it all. You belong here with me." He tried to soothe me with his words.

"But my family, Calvin." I was angry at myself for letting tears fall from my eyes.

I tried to turn my head as he wiped away some of my tears, but once he had touched my face, it was hard to move.

"If it's family you want, we can start one right away. I know that where you come from you would be young, but here it is what is expected."

"Start a family?" I spat, shocked. "Are you crazy? I'm sixteen, and I'm still in high school!"

"None of that matters. What matters is that we want to be together. I have dreamed of us spending our life together from the moment I met you. We will be able to give our family everything, without ever worrying about supporting them. Is that not what you want?" Calvin asked softly, willing me to give him the answer he wanted to hear.

"Calvin, I'm not ready for any of that yet." I had been unprepared for this conversation, and it was only making me more uncomfortable.

"You will be, and I will wait if I have to, wait if you need me to, but please calm down." Calvin put his hand under my chin and kissed me hard on the mouth, a very different kind of kiss from his previous ones. I immediately pushed him away.

"I cannot touch you? I cannot kiss you? Charlotte, I know you love me as I love you. What is going on?" Calvin asked with the first hint of anger in his voice.

"Love me? Calvin, this is not a natural love; it's some crazy chemical imbalance or something. How do we even know it's real?" I knew that each word would feel like daggers to him.

"Not natural? This is the most natural thing ever. You and I are meant to be together. I am meant to protect you." He tried to kiss me again. I slapped his face, almost reflexively, and the action surprised both of us.

He touched his face where I had hit him. Although he was clearly not physically hurt, the slap had the intended effect. "Charlotte, we have to do our duty." His voice was colder than I had ever heard it.

"Why are you just going along with Blake blindly? Have you thought that maybe he's wrong?" I asked, because I felt I needed to at least give him a chance, no matter what Naomi had said.

"Wrong? Blake is the only reason we even found you. Other nations are going to attack; we need to be ready to defend ourselves."

I finally allowed him to look into my eyes. "So it's just defense then, no invasion?"

"Well, we may have to preemptively strike-"

"That's not defense, Calvin," I interrupted.

"Charlotte, we can talk about this. I think this can all be forgotten if you calm down, go upstairs, and get changed," Calvin said in a businesslike tone. I could hardly believe how fast our relationship was spiraling out of control.

I noticed out of the corner of my eye that Blake had returned and was standing inside the door.

"I am begging you. Please just do what is asked of you," Calvin pleaded, and I realized that I hadn't noticed that he was playing with a strand of hair that had fallen out of my ponytail. I had worked myself up, but that gentle action was breaking my resolve. It would be so much easier to just be with him.

He must have noticed a change in my expression and a softening in my stance. "There, there, Charlotte. I am here to take care of you now. Please let me," he whispered.

That was enough to get me back on track. That was all I needed, another overprotective male figure in my life.

"Calvin, I am a prisoner here and nothing more. I am not going to go all Stockholm syndrome on you," I practically screamed.

"Stockholm syndrome?" Calvin asked confused.

I heard someone laugh from the doorway; I hadn't noticed that James had come in. "Wow, such anger. Calvin, can you not keep your girl in line?" James asked coolly.

"You jerk!" I had tears streaming down my face. "You're the one who brought me here, brought me to the people who killed my mother! How could you?"

"I did promise you answers. At least I was honest." He didn't even try to hide his distaste for me.

"What are you talking about?" I asked, even though I was pretty sure I knew what was coming.

"Watching you last night, I got the sense that you two lovebirds had met before," James said, taking a few steps into the room.

Calvin nodded, and Blake looked surprised.

"But you didn't think it was important to tell me? You thought it was fine to come away with me without mentioning you had already been inside the gate?" James continued, moving closer.

"You didn't ask."

"Somehow, I think you realize that is hardly an excuse."

Calvin broke in, "Do not talk to her that way, James. You have no right."

"No right?" James asked coldly. "You do realize you should be thanking me for delivering her here, right? Without me, we would still have no Essence."

"James, your role is of course appreciated, but it was your duty," Blake said slowly.

"Appreciated?" James asked angrily. "As soon as you found out I was not the Gerard, you pushed me aside. But you know what? Who cares? At least I'm not expected to actually be with her."

I felt like someone had slapped me. The tone of his voice implied that being with me would be the worst possible fate.

"You do not mean that, James, and you know it. You could only dream of having a girl like Charlotte, because she is mine now." Calvin looked ready to lunge at James.

I snapped out of my hurt and spit out "Yours? I'm yours? I am nobody's possession. Maybe in this crazy world you still treat women like the Middle Ages, but where I come from, women are encouraged to be independent and strong. We're not owned like property."

"Property? Charlotte, you know I did not mean it that way. I just meant that you are meant to be with me," Calvin said sadly.

I knew that if I was going to make my move, now was the time. I let the words out. "If I am going to be treated like a prisoner, then why not chain me up and throw me in a dungeon?"

For some reason, those words did the trick. Calvin stopped arguing.

Blake took advantage of his silence. "Clearly, Charlotte is not to be reasoned with right now. She wants to be treated like a prisoner; we will give her that. Of course, that is only if you agree, Calvin."

"You think we should put her in the dungeon?" Calvin asked tentatively.

"A few hours down there and she will realize how silly she is being. See how she behaves when she is actually a prisoner." Blake looked at Calvin for approval.

Calvin tried one last time to hold my hand, but I pulled it back. He nodded to Blake. Trying to avoid looking at Calvin, I noticed a look of shock crossing James's face. Calvin gestured to the armed Bravado at the door and told them to escort me down to the dungeon.

As I was led out of the room, Calvin called out to me using almost the exact words Blake had used the night before, "Charlotte, Bellgard is your home now, and the sooner you accept that, the easier it will be for all of us." When I didn't respond, he continued, "As soon as you are ready to return to me, you will be released immediately."

I couldn't even look at him. As much as my heart ached, I tried to reassure myself that my mission was accomplished. My reassurances did nothing; I was led down to the dungeon with tears streaming down my face.

Chapter Twenty-Two

Kevin

It was hard to believe that it had only been a few days since we had arrived at the caves, because it felt like weeks. I was physically and mentally exhausted, and I could barely remember what it felt like to do anything but practice. It helped to focus on the training because it kept me from worrying about Charlotte. Thinking about Charlotte was destructive because I could only imagine how terrified she must be all alone so far from home. Life seemed out of control, but at least I had Monty and Liam by my side.

Monty must have sensed my fear because he tried to reassure me. "They won't hurt her, Kevin. They need her. They'll try to keep her at all costs, but they won't touch her."

"I hope you're right," I replied, but there was something so forced about his words that they offered little comfort. Monty sometimes seemed so fragile now, like if I pushed him just a little too far, he would crumble. Monty was a force to be reckoned with. It was as though a side of him had been reawakened when Charlotte went missing, but emotionally, he was skating on thin ice.

We sat by the fire listening to Percy compliment us. He was clearly impressed by how much Liam and I had learned in such a short period of time. He seemed especially impressed with Liam, because for someone with no connection to Energo, he was doing very well. I didn't really get it, though. Just because my mom was from Energo didn't mean I should have some special fighting skills either, but I didn't press the issue. Monty had been right when he told me how important patience would be; it was the only thing keeping me standing.

Percy announced that it was time to give us weapons. Liam and I looked at each other excitedly. This would bring the training to a whole new level. I didn't know what kind of weapons I expected, but I was shocked when Monty took off his sword and handed it to me.

"Uncle Monty, you can't give me your sword," I said, as soon as I realized what he was doing. It was obvious that the sword was important. Why was he giving it away so easily?

"This was only meant to be mine as long as Emma was the Essence. Whether Charlotte has officially become one or not, it is for you to hold," Monty said solemnly.

I accepted the sword, admiring it as I turned it in my hand, and at first, it seemed heavy. The metal hilt was engraved with images of plants and animals almost too intertwined with one another to differentiate. When I unsheathed it, everyone in the circle gasped because the sword glowed bright green before ultimately fading into a lighter shade. The sword felt warm to the touch and was now almost featherweight in my hands. The blade appeared to be made of a fine crystal, just like the key Monty had shown us earlier.

Percy had an awed look on his face. "So it is true. Emma's girl is the Essence. This is incredible."

"I thought we had already assumed as much," Liam said.

"Still... to see it. An Essence born of an Essence; it has been over six hundred years. Kevin, we had assumed you would be a Guardian, but I must say it is still a surprise to see. Never before have the bonds of Essence and Guardian proved so strong as to touch individuals who have never entered Energo. Maybe it is all related. Her power must be strong," Percy said with more enthusiasm than he had shown since we arrived.

"So, would this sword glow like this if anyone held it?" I asked.

"No, if you hand it to me, you will see it is just a normal sword, but in the hands of an active guardian, it becomes something else." Monty eyed the sword with reverence.

"The blade of this and every Guardian sword, once activated by the new Essence, is much stronger than any normal sword in a Guardian's hands. It is also the most dangerous; a wound from a Guardian sword is lethal to most. Only the strongest can survive it, and only if it's shallow," Percy explained.

I stood and experimented with the sword. It was the lightest thing imaginable; it really felt like an extension of my hand. Monty looked up at me with a half-smile, which was the most optimistic expression I had seen on his face since we had arrived.

"Now the rest of us must be armed," Percy continued. "Liam, I sense you are a crossbow man. Monty, you and I will use swords as we were trained."

Percy was right; Liam was an animal with a crossbow. He seemed as surprised as I was at first. Maybe it was all the years of experience he had with his slingshot as a kid, but I could not believe his aim. Even though Percy was the one who had suggested he try the crossbow, he looked impressed by Liam.

Spirits were high that evening as we sat around after dinner. Both Liam and I decided to ask more questions after Samantha excused herself.

"So obviously some things are different here, but is everything different?" I asked.

Monty raised an eyebrow. "What do you mean?"

"Is there school, or dating?" I expanded. I hoped that no one guessed why I was asking about dating.

"There is school, but not like there is in your world. It is not compulsory, and it differs greatly depending on your background." I found it interesting how Monty referred to it as my world instead of as ours, even though he had left Energo over twenty years ago.

"By dating, I assume you are referring to courting, interaction between young men and women?" Percy broke in.

"Yes."

"There is little physical contact between men and women before adulthood, but since our people partner young, it is not such a problem. Certain families are even stricter about it. I am sure Monty can attest to that," Percy added, looking over at Monty.

Monty half smiled again. "When you are from a family that frequently produces Guardians, or ours, which always produces the Essence, things are a little strict, especially growing up when everyone expected the next Essence."

"Strict?" Liam prompted.

"Yes, I spent most of my childhood with just Emma and Theodore. Any additional interaction was just with other boys. They tried to limit our time around the opposite gender."

"Why?" I questioned.

"It is just tradition, really. Although it appears antiquated, sometimes when I see you kids struggling with your feelings so much, it seems easier. I think that a lot of things here are like that," Monty said, noticeably deep in thought.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Things are simpler here in some ways. I am honestly afraid that it might be too appealing for Charlotte. She has such a hard time socially, dealing with her emotions and her feelings, trying to fit in. It would be all too easy for her here." Monty looked off into the distance.

"Wait, are you trying to say she might actually want to stay here?" I asked, shocked by his suggestion.

"By the look of your sword, Kevin, Charlotte has become the Essence, which means she has a Gerard. Leaving him behind will not be easy." Monty looked over at me with a pained expression.

Liam and I looked at each other, neither of us even remotely prepared for any resistance on Charlotte's part.

"What you must remember is that Charlotte will likely be very different from the last time you saw her." Percy looked at me intently.

"Different how?" Liam asked.

"For one, her eyes will be brighter and more focused. She will be more confident and will be stronger in many ways. An Essence changes fundamentally, just as the Gerard changes."

"The Gerard changes, too?" I asked, genuinely curious.

"He usually grows, signifying his acceptance of the position. Internally, he changes, too, tied to his Essence in many ways," Percy explained.

"How do you know all of this, Percy?" I asked hesitantly.

"Because I used to be a Gerard," Percy responded with a wry smile.

Chapter Twenty-Three

Charlotte

I was taken down a long, dark staircase and then down an equally long corridor lined with cells. The light was dim, and I had to strain my eyes just to see. The guard leading me suddenly stopped and opened a heavy wooden door. "I am sure Calvin wants you in your own cell, but all the cells are occupied, so I assume he will accept your placement with an old woman," the guard said, before locking the door and disappearing into the darkness.

No empty cell? But this place was huge. How many prisoners did they have here? I slunk down onto the dank and dirty floor. I was instantly grateful to be wearing jeans; it was always good to appreciate the small things in life.

As my eyes adjusted to the dim light, created only by the small amount of sunlight coming in from the windows high above, I took in my surroundings. I was in a small cell, at most eight feet square. There was absolutely nothing in the cell aside from me and a very old lady. There was no furniture in the room, not even a cot; things didn't looking promising.

I studied the old woman. She had to be at least ninety. With a face worn with wrinkles, a pair of almost translucent blue eyes was the only thing that stood out on her face. Dressed in rags, she had apparently been in the dungeon a long time, and I couldn't imagine why she was even down there. There was something vaguely familiar about her, yet I couldn't place it no matter how hard I tried.

The woman looked at me with what may have been a slight smile. Extremely slowly, she raised a finger, gesturing for me to come closer. Just as I had with Naomi, I understood that this woman meant me no harm, so I moved toward her.

As soon as I got close, the woman reached for my hand, and I instinctively let her have it. Instantly, I felt a flow of energy and intense heat, as though my very blood was on fire. As quickly as the sensation had begun, it stopped. I felt exhausted, and I had to fight with myself to stay sitting up.

"Child, the feeling will pass," the woman said in a low voice.

"What... what did you do to me?" I asked, startled to see her looking much healthier and vital.

"I took some necessary energy, but it will replenish, I assure you," she told me kindly.

"Who are you?" I asked hesitantly.

"My name is Ruth." She smiled. I didn't need her to say anymore; suddenly, it made sense.

"You were the Essence before my mother?" I asked excitedly.

"Yes. I was the Essence for over a hundred and fifty years."

"But that would make you..." I started to do the math, but she interrupted.

"Very old, yes." She laughed lightly. "An Essence generally lives a very long life."

"So you were why I needed to get sent down here, right?" Without waiting for an answer, I continued, "But why?"

"Let me start with a story," she said quietly. "For all time, there has been an Essence. How this Essence is chosen remains a mystery, but she always passes through the same bloodline. Usually Essences are born at least a hundred or more years apart, in many ways beings of different times. For as long as there have been Essences, there have been Guardians, men tasked with protecting the Essence at all costs. Although all Guardians are strong and born to protect, one of these men has always been designated as the Gerard. The Gerard has the same protective drive as the other Guardians, but he also has an intensively deep bond with the Essence, a love more powerful than any other. This love serves multiple purposes. It ensures that the Essence and the Gerard stay together, with the Essence always protected. It also checks the power of the Guardians, for the Essence will always have enough power over the Gerard through her love. A Gerard could never hurt his Essence; he could never fight the instinctual love enough to betray her."

"So then, Blake didn't have anything to do with my mom's death? It really was an accident?"

"Blake was not the Gerard, Charlotte. Please let me continue," Ruth said calmly. I nodded, desperately wanting to hear more.

"More than twenty years ago, your mother participated in the same ceremony that you did last night. She recharged the power and selected her Gerard. Like all Essences, she was deeply in love with him, as he was with her. They dreamed of their future and the continued peace between the many worlds. One day, her Gerard was called away. His closest friend on the Guard had heard of an imminent threat in a distant village that only the Gerard could quell. The Gerard, always true to his duty, left Emma in the hands of the remaining Guardians, most specifically, her two brothers. Several days later, the friend returned with the Gerard's lifeless body. The Guardian spoke of how they had been ambushed in an attack by warriors from several worlds. He claimed it had all been orchestrated by the Zatamans who wanted to capture the Essence."

"Naomi's people?" I asked, surprised to hear the name.

"Exactly. The Guardian also spoke of how in his last dying words the Gerard had appointed him to be his successor and pledged him to be the supreme protector of the Essence. Emma was wary; she did not trust this Guardian. None of us really did. The friend pushed his affections on Emma, but she denied him. Emma likely would have remained, still so broken by the death of her love that she really did not see any other option, but the Guardian pledged revenge against the Zatamans and all other worlds who aided them. They had killed the Gerard, and war was the only answer. Emma fought against this, trying to rally her people, explaining to them that causing war would only lead to more death and destruction."

Ruth paused and looked at me, "Charlotte, you will learn that at our core, an Essence wants nothing more than peace."

I understood what Ruth was saying. I had already felt the change in me, the desire to quell any conflict and keep everything tranquil.

Ruth continued, "The Guardian railed against Emma, saying that she had lost her mind after her Gerard's death, had become a traitor to her people, and needed to be controlled. The public, angry, hurt, and scared, listened to the Guardian, finding solace in the idea of revenge."

"This Guardian was Blake, right?" I already knew the answer.

"Of course. Blake managed to turn most of the Guard against Emma. They wanted to protect her, but he convinced them that she had lost her mind and the best protection would be to keep her under lock and key. Only one guard would not agree, her younger brother Monty. When Blake threatened to lock Monty up as well, he took his chance, released Emma, and ran with her to the gateway to the lost world, the one world that was not part of the rest."

"You mean my home?"

"Yes. Your mother and Monty were able to escape and set up a new life for themselves. Emma knew that as long as she stayed close by the gateway her power would be close enough to keep her people strong, even though its effectiveness would gradually decline. She hoped that before that time, peace would be restored, and she could return. She met your father quickly and was pregnant with your brother within months of getting married."

"Did my mom love my dad?" I wasn't really sure that I wanted to hear the answer.

"Yes," Ruth explained. "Of course, that love was nothing like her love for her Gerard, but it was a comfortable love. I know all of this because an Essence is always connected to the others that remain. In this way, you and I are connected."

"Did Blake kill my mom?"

"I cannot prove it, but I can feel that her death was no accident," Ruth said after a moment's hesitation.

"But why? Didn't killing her end the power and throw Energo into darkness?" I asked, trying to make sense of it all.

"I do not know for sure. By then, Emma's power was dwindling; it had been too long since she had connected with the water. I believe that Blake had spoken to the elders and read through the history enough to realize that, although the Essence usually skips many generations, if a source were to die young, a new one would quickly appear. Blake assumed it would be Theodore's daughter who would be the Essence, so he kept her in the castle."

"Theodore?"

"Your mother's older brother."

"Oh." I suddenly remembered that Ruth had said the Gerard had left my mom in the hands of her two brothers. I had no idea that my mom had another brother.

"When Theodore's daughter failed to show signs of being the Essence, he probably worried that his plan had failed. But then, elders began reporting that young men were showing signs of the Guard, including Blake's son, James."

"Wait, so who is James's mother?"

"She was a villager Blake met after your mother left. She died in childbirth," Ruth said quietly. "When no one showed the signs of the Essence, he must have realized that Emma's daughter was the Essence and sent James to lure you in. But it was not James who really lured you, was it?"

"No," I admitted.

"Growing up outside of Energo, you are unique among Essences. You were given no warning, no instructions. How confusing it all must have been," Ruth said gently. I nodded, encouraging her to continue.

Ruth explained that once my mother left, the fighting only intensified until Energo was at war with all of the nations. This completely destroyed the Pact, an organization consisting of representatives from the different nations designed to keep peace. It was similar to the United Nations. As long as my mother stayed within close proximity, Energo still had the power, and they were virtually undefeatable. Ruth looked sullen as she detailed the destruction that Energo had perpetrated on the weaker nations, all under the auspices of revenge and protection.

"How did you get here?" I asked, when Ruth stopped speaking for a few moments. I still didn't understand how she had come to be locked in the dungeon.

"When I heard that they had found the Essence, I realized that the only chance we had was if I could get to you, try to recharge some energy and teach you," she said with feeling.

"Teach me?" I asked, confused.

"Charlotte," she said slowly, "as the Essence, you hold unbelievable power, but you must learn to use it in order to be effective. We have little time and must start immediately."

"Why do we have such little time? What's happening?" I asked nervously.

Ruth's eyes blazed. "Help comes for you. We must get you out of Blake's hands until we can build a true resistance and take back our nation."

"The way you describe it, the current Gerard is really the one with the power, right?" I ventured. She nodded. "Then why is Calvin so set to follow Blake?" I asked, still trying to understand why we couldn't just appeal to Calvin.

"My dear, Calvin has been raised knowing nothing else but the stories propagated by Blake. He truly believes that his duty is to continue the fight. Blake is a very powerful man, not only physically, but also in ways of persuasion. The Gerard's one weakness is the love he has for his Essence. If we are to overcome him, which we will have to do to get to Blake, you will have to use that. I know how hard that will be, but I am impressed you had the fortitude so early in your bond to break away and convince him to throw you down here. I can feel the hurt it caused you both. I do not underestimate the toll it may take." I sensed that she really could feel the hurt.

"Is there no chance we can get Calvin to join us?" I wasn't willing to give up yet.

"Of course, there is always a chance, but that chance is not one we can take now," she explained gently.

I found out from Ruth that Naomi, true to her word, had been in contact with my family. I was surprised to learn that Monty and Kevin weren't the only ones to enter Energo; Liam had joined them. It was hard to imagine Liam in Energo, but it didn't surprise me that he had come with Kevin and Monty; I knew he would want to help them in any way he could. Ruth assured me that they were being trained with the finest instructor, and that both Kevin and Liam had shown tremendous promise. It made me sick to think about Kevin, Liam, and Monty risking their lives for me, but I also understood enough to realize that the rescue wasn't completely about me.

I contemplated the reality that my family and friends were in so much danger. Then Ruth pulled me back from my thoughts. "Now, the time for storytelling is over, it is time to learn."

Chapter Twenty-Four

Charlotte

The first step was fasting. It didn't seem so hard to avoid eating the stale bread they gave me. Ruth explained that only at my weakest could I begin to understand my abilities. I assured her that I would be weak pretty quickly; skipping one meal could have me passing out. I sat in the cold, dank cell listening to my stomach rumbling. I was having trouble picturing myself with any powers. She had also explained that the use of my abilities required complete focus; I would need to completely clear my mind. I didn't expect that part to be too hard, as I found my focus much sharper since the ceremony, but it seemed like every time my mind cleared, I thought about Calvin and the hurt on his face the last time I saw him. Other than the pain I felt about Calvin, the worst part was the thirst, I had had nothing to drink in more than twelve hours, and I was feeling it.

With Ruth's encouragement, I finally pushed everything from my mind. I closed my eyes and, before long, I saw an image of a flowing basin of water. I could almost taste the cool liquid as it went down my throat. Suddenly, Ruth grabbed my arms, shaking me. "Stop! Charlotte, open your eyes."

I listened to her, opening my eyes to realize that I was wet. The floor to the cell was damp, with deep puddles forming in several spots.

"It must really be true what they say. If an Essence is born of an Essence, her powers are even stronger," I heard a voice say from the cell next to us.

I ignored the voice, and asked, "Where... where did all of this water come from?"

"The ground, the earth under this dungeon," Ruth said calmly. "You brought it up, Charlotte." Dumbstruck, I looked at Ruth.

"As the Essence, you are naturally connected to the earth and its elements," she said, looking at me seriously. "Have you ever noticed anything like this happen before?"

"Making water appear out of nowhere? No."

"It did not just appear. You pulled it from the ground," Ruth corrected. "You must remember that there is a limited supply of all elements and energies; you have the power to move these entities, not create them."

I suddenly remembered the bird. "Does the Essence ever have the power to heal?"

Ruth looked at me curiously. "You have healed before?"

"Well, there was a wounded bird that flew away after I touched it," I said slowly. She nodded, encouraging me to continue. "It happened the first time I entered Energo, when I met Calvin."

"Interesting. That must be why Monty never saw the signs before. If they existed, they must have been weak in the other world," she said almost to herself. She must have noticed the quizzical look on my face because she tried to explain. "An Essence usually shows some signs of her powers before the ceremony." I nodded, more because I could think of nothing to say than because I understood.

"We cannot let Blake find this out. How will we explain this?" The voice from the next cell suddenly said.

"Charlotte will have to send it back down," Ruth responded, as though it were the easiest thing possible. "I believe that you will need to quench your thirst first, because that is what made you bring the water up to begin with, was it not?"

Instead of finding it unsettling that she seemed to know some of my thoughts and feelings, it just felt natural. I wished my mother were still around so I could share this gift with her. I looked around, confused. The thought of drinking water off the floor did not thrill me, but considering the circumstances, I realized that there were far worse things to do. I used my hands to cup water into my mouth and was soothed as I swallowed the cool liquid. I tried not to think about how dirty the floor was.

"Your powers are strong, Charlotte, but they are dangerous if you cannot control them. If I had not been here, you could have drowned," Ruth warned. I looked at her, waiting for further instructions. "Close your eyes; you will know what to do."

I closed my eyes and instantly visualized water draining. I opened my eyes moments later to see that the floor was still slightly damp, but all of the standing water was gone.

"Well done, Charlotte!" the voice from the other cell said enthusiastically.

Now that the water was gone, my curiosity was piqued. "Who is that?"

"Your uncle Theodore." Ruth watched me. I was confused. Why was my uncle down here?

"I realized my mistake too late," Theodore said before I could give my question much thought. "I believed Blake and turned my back on my own sister. But then several years ago, I felt that she was further away. At first I assumed she had just journeyed far from our world, lessening the bond, but then I just knew Emma was gone. At the same time, word got out that Blake had been looking for a new Essence, and he lashed out when he found out my daughter was not the one. I instantly knew he had something to do with Emma's death, and I confronted him. I was not strong enough to fight against the other guardians, and he threw me down here. I have heard nothing of my wife, daughter, or son; I can only hope he spared them."

"How old is your daughter?" I got the feeling that I may have met her already.

"She would be fifteen now." He confirmed my suspicions.

"Is her name Tara?" I asked, hoping I was right.

"Yes, have you heard of my Tara?"

"More than heard of her, she's a servant for them. She was assigned to me."

Theodore sighed with relief and asked questions about her. I assured him that she looked well. For a moment, I thought I heard him crying, but the sound disappeared quickly. When he asked about his son and wife, I had nothing to tell him. I wished I had better news. After talking to Theodore through the wall for several moments, it finally dawned on me that Tara was my cousin! Monty wasn't married and dad was an only child, so I never really contemplated what it would be like to have cousins, but it was exciting.

Ruth brought me back to reality when she told me that I had to continue to practice. "Last time you closed your eyes, you wielded water, so you clearly have a connection to water. Let us try growth. I would assume you have this one. Charlotte, concentrate on that vine up there."

I looked up to where Ruth was pointing. High up at a small window next to the ceiling, vines intertwined with the bars. I closed my eyes and visualized the vine growing longer and longer until it moved down the wall. I heard a gasp and opened my eyes.

"Such strength so early," Ruth whispered. I looked around and saw that the vine had moved all the way down the wall.

"Okay, Charlotte, now reverse it."

I closed my eyes, expecting to instantly visualize the vine retreating, but instead I visualized wood from the door splintering. I heard a loud cracking sound, but kept my eyes closed tightly.

"Charlotte!" Ruth cried. I immediately opened my eyes.

"You are splintering the wood in the door. It is unbelievable, but the vines are still there," Ruth said, her voice full of surprise.

"I know. I just pictured the wood instead; I couldn't control it," I admitted.

"You are going to have to practice, as I said; these powers are dangerous without control. Try again," she commanded.

This time when I closed my eyes, I mentally tried to shift my mind toward the vine. Immediately, I pictured the vines retreating. By the time I opened my eyes, no sign of the vine even appeared in the window.

"Now the door, we need to repair it before a guard comes down," Ruth instructed.

I closed my eyes and made myself think of the door. I heard a sharp crackling, and when I opened my eyes, the splinter was fixed.

"How am I doing this, Ruth?" I asked in awe.

"An Essence is the human form of the earth's powers. In theory, an Essence should be able to wield almost any natural power. However, in practice, I have never heard of an Essence that had them all. Theodore mentioned the importance of you being born of an Essence. It has only happened once before, over six hundred years ago. Energo was invaded by the Sutonti nation. A rogue guard forced the hand of a Guardian, making him use his sword on the Essence. The Essence was young, probably only a few years older than you. She had already had children, and her eldest daughter began showing signs of the Essence very young. By the time of her ceremony, she had already exhibited several abilities, but even she never mastered them all."

Ruth was silent for a few minutes, and my thoughts returned to Calvin, making my heart ache. I decided to ask Ruth about her Gerard. She told me that she hadn't even met him before the ceremony, but the feeling was instantaneous. I told her about my fear that the love I felt for Calvin wasn't real, and she immediately became serious.

"Charlotte, you should not underestimate the bond between you and your Gerard. To do so could be your downfall. I know it is especially hard for you, because you are being told not to trust him, but the second you forget the power of your bond is the second that you lose your advantage. Please remember that no matter what happens, that bond will exist for the rest of your life, and his. Even if you are fighting on different sides, you are tied together."

"Do you still love your Gerard?" I asked Ruth quietly.

"Yes, the love changes over time, becoming something even stronger." I could tell that Ruth was thinking about her Gerard, and I wondered where he was, if he was even still alive.

I knew that my time with Ruth might be limited, so I asked her about her own abilities. I learned that Ruth could use water, fire, wind, growth, and temperature. I instantly remembered the water at the waterfall when she mentioned temperature. Ruth imagined I would have all of her abilities and more. She told me that she hoped to help me discover all of mine, but that if she were unable, I would have to do it on my own, like I had with the wood. She explained that the splintering of the wood was a type of manipulation, and that in theory, I should be able to do it with any natural material.

As the sun set, we sat in darkness. The cell was cold and still damp from the water. I tried to figure out how long I had been at Bellgard and began to count the days. I started to laugh. Ruth immediately asked me what I was thinking.

"Today's my birthday. I just spent my entire sixteenth birthday in a dungeon." I wasn't entirely sure why I was laughing. I guessed it was because most girls had sweet sixteen parties or got fancy presents, and I had purposely had myself thrown into a dungeon. It was too dark to see, but I could sense that Ruth was smiling.

I tried to sleep, but I was cold and uncomfortable. I would have thought that nearly four years in Alaska would have better prepared me for this cold, but I had weathered the Alaska winters in warm clothes and heated buildings. I closed my eyes thinking of the snow drifts in Alaska. I opened my eyes as Ruth shook me.

"What are you picturing, Charlotte?" she asked anxiously.

"Just the snow." I noticed that the wind had picked up outside, and it had become colder.

"Well, I guess we know you can control the weather," Ruth said. "And that is an ability that may just come in handy."

Eventually, I must have fallen asleep because I awakened to a sound that turned out to be a tray being slid under the door. Ruth took the tray and handed me a piece of bread. We listened as the guard retreated. We sat there in a comfortable silence for some time, before we heard footsteps moving down the corridor again. Confused, I looked at Ruth. Why would the guard be coming back? Ruth took my hand and warned me to stay calm and play along.

"Charlotte?" an unfamiliar voice said from outside the door. I stood and looked through the metal bars that provided the only visual vantage point outside of the cell. I immediately caught the eye of one of my Guardians, William.

"Charlotte, what is this all about?" he asked, as soon as he saw me looking.

"What is all of what about?" I asked innocently. That only annoyed him.

"Why are you doing this to Calvin? You know that you belong by his side. Why are you down here?" William leaned one hand against the door.

"Why don't you ask Calvin why I'm down here," I said as calmly as I could. "He's the one who issued the order."

"He only issued that order because you provoked him. What did you expect to happen when you accused him of keeping you a prisoner, when you refused even the most minimal contact? You are Calvin's Essence; you owe him more respect," William said angrily. I couldn't help but notice that he had emphasized Calvin's name before the word Essence.

"I wasn't aware that the Essence was supposed to answer to anyone," I said with an edge to my voice. I had no idea where this was all coming from, but I knew what I had to say.

"The Essence should be wise enough to realize that her Gerard only has her best interests in mind and should understand that she must trust her Gerard without question." Even in the dim light, I could see that he was looking at me attentively.

"Maybe you're right." I felt that was what Ruth wanted me to say.

"Did I hear you right?"

"I should be with my Gerard. I am sure we can come to an understanding," I added, trying to make my change of heart more believable. "Could you please send Calvin down to me?"

"I will call him immediately," William said excitedly. "I am so glad that you have come to your senses," he added, as he turned to hurry down the corridor.

Chapter Twenty-Five

Kevin

The training only intensified once we got our sword and crossbow. I found it exhilarating to use my new sword. It was like I was somehow more powerful by holding it. It made me wonder what Guardian training usually entailed because so much of it seemed intuitive. It was like my natural strengths were just enhanced. Holding my sword also made me feel closer to Charlotte. I never asked Monty or Percy about it, but I was convinced that there was something of Charlotte in the sword. I wanted to ask Monty if Guardians who were also brothers of the Essence had a stronger bond than usual, but I was afraid that it would only upset him more by making him think about my mom.

Monty sure knew how to use a sword. He fought against Tomas, demonstrating maneuvers, and he moved with such ease that it gave me more confidence in myself. Since becoming a Guardian I had felt stronger, and I assumed that I would be able to match Monty's abilities eventually. I only hoped I could catch up fast. Although Liam primarily used a crossbow, Percy also showed him how to use a sword in case he needed to engage in hand-to-hand combat. Liam took to it easily, but I could tell that he was as nervous as I was about an actual fight. Samantha switched back and forth between a sword and a bow, clearly comfortable with both. It seemed like nothing ever fazed her. If she was nervous about our journey to Bellgard, she didn't show it.

Liam must have noticed that I had been looking at Samantha a lot because he called me on it. "Do you always go for the girls you can't have?" he asked, smiling just a little.

"Like you should talk, Liam. You're the one who thinks my sister is gorgeous. Yeah, I think that there might be some competition."

Liam didn't respond, so clearly he got the message. I hadn't given him too hard a time about it yet, but he had pretty much asked for it.

As we were packing up our gear, Percy introduced us to a woman named Naomi. After my experiences with Samantha, I didn't doubt it for a second when he assured us she was an incredible warrior. I did almost choke when I watched her change into a cat. So far, everything else had seemed somewhat normal, but that blew my mind.

After leaving the cave, the seven of us moved in silence for a short time, each lost in our own thoughts. I was trying to process everything I had learned in the past days. Charlotte was a prisoner, but also powerful and might be so in love with some guy I hadn't met that she would rather stay with him than come with us. I tried to stay positive, though. Naomi told us that Charlotte had been successful in her mission, which made me hopeful that she would leave willingly. Percy and Monty seemed surprised by Naomi's news. Percy explained that it was especially difficult in the beginning for an Essence and her Gerard to separate. I had to give it to Charlotte; she seemed to know how to take care of herself. It also made me nervous to see how surprised Percy was, considering he had told us that our success largely depended on her.

I thought Monty was going to be sick when he found out that Charlotte was in a dungeon. Monty had always been protective of her, maybe even more than I was, more like Dad. Or really, he was protective in a different way. I couldn't picture Charlotte in a dungeon, and clearly Liam couldn't either. He just kept repeating how it didn't seem possible that a guy who loved Charlotte could lock her up. I didn't have anything to say because the idea seemed so foreign to me, too.

Ever since Percy had told us that he had been a Gerard, I had been trying to picture it. It made sense; it was why Monty thought he was our best hope. The crazy part was that, out of nowhere, Percy started to look stronger. He still looked old, but he could move easier, and he didn't seem nearly as decrepit. He said that Charlotte must have given some of her power to his Essence. The whole Essence/Gerard relationship was beyond me; I figured I would understand it better if I saw Charlotte with hers, although I wasn't looking forward to seeing them together.

On top of the fear I had for my sister and the battle I was about to enter, I also had to deal with my feelings for Samantha. Even with everything going on, I just couldn't get her out of my head. She was so different from all of the other girls I knew, not interested in me in the slightest, but that just made me want her more. I knew this was hardly the time, but I swore that if I somehow survived this battle and got Charlotte back, I would find a way to impress Samantha someday. I didn't want Samantha to think I was weak, so I tried to hide how terrified I was. I could see that Liam was nervous. He kept looking over at me, but I really didn't know what to say. I was glad that he was there, and I knew more than ever that he was a loyal friend, even if I was pretty convinced that he was into my sister.

Naomi told us that the best entrance to take into Bellgard was through the side wall closest to the mountain on the west side. We would have to scale the wall and enter the grounds in the dark. Charlotte was going to try to get released from the prison and find a way to leave one entrance to the inner castle unguarded. She would hopefully be able to get down to the dungeon after we arrived and release the prisoners.

I was skeptical when Naomi told me that our success depended on Charlotte getting out of the dungeon. "Okay, back up, how is Charlotte getting released?" I asked.

"Her Gerard does not want her in the dungeon; I am sure of it. No one can believe he consented for her to go down. I think he was so desperate to get her to calm down that he was willing to do anything," Naomi explained.

Liam didn't hide his alarm. "So how did she get down there in the first place?"

"She staged a fight and yelled at her Gerard and Blake. She even slapped him when he tried to kiss her. She got him where he is sensitive by telling him that their love was fake," Naomi said, clearly impressed with Charlotte.

"Wow!" There was nothing wrong with her slapping a boy who tried to kiss her. Liam and I smiled at each other when Naomi described the slap. We could both picture her doing it.

"I heard all this through a servant who was listening and watching from the doorway," Naomi explained. "Blake had to stop Calvin from going to the dungeon to retrieve her. It is really impressive how she can fight that bond. At first, I doubted that she would listen to me, but I think she can sense when someone is speaking the truth, and she senses that Blake has bad intentions," Naomi said, running her fingers along a bow. I didn't say anything in response; I just looked ahead trying to stay calm.

We walked for several hours, first through an open clearing, and then through a dense forest, before Percy suggested we stop for lunch. I wasn't particularly excited about eating more of the usual food, but I was ready for a break. Before we could find a place to stop, we heard hoofbeats, and we all became still.

"Samantha, get up that tree and find out who is coming," Percy ordered.

Samantha scaled a tree immediately. "It is five uniformed men on horseback. They are going to come right by us," Samantha called down.

I tensed. Although I knew that there was the chance we would encounter resistance on our way to Bellgard, I wasn't prepared. I unsheathed my sword and prepared to attack. Naomi changed into her cat form and stood in the middle of the forest path hoping to get the men to stop.

It worked. As we waited in the forest, I heard one of the men yell, "Keep your eyes open, stay alert." The men slowed to a stop right next to us.

Liam took out the first two men with his crossbow, just as Samantha jumped out of the tree and knocked a third man off his horse. I watched as Monty bounded over to that one, immediately placing his sword to his neck. It took me a few seconds to react, but I jumped out of the cover of the trees and went after one of the two remaining men, propelling him from his horse and leaving him wounded on the ground. Meanwhile, Tomas had taken out the final man. Satisfied that the fallen men would be no problem, I walked over to where Monty stood over the wounded man. This man was dressed differently than the others, in a more formal black uniform.

"Norman, who sent you here?" Monty bellowed.

"Monty Winthrop, when we were sent out to get you, I did not really believe it. It has been almost twenty years, brother."

"You are no brother of mine. Tell me what your orders were that led you here," Monty commanded.

"We were ordered to kill on sight," Norman said. I shuddered; things were more serious than I thought.

"Who issued the order?" Monty demanded. "Was it the new Gerard?"

"Do you really think the new Gerard would order the family of his Essence killed?" Norman asked, laughing. "Of course, it was Blake."

"But the Gerard consented to the order?" Percy walked closer to where Monty stood.

"As Blake would say, better to seek forgiveness than permission. The Gerard has no idea about the order. That is why he sent me and not one of the new Guardians."

"Tie him up!" Monty ordered angrily, as he looked down at the man with hate-filled eyes. "I cannot believe you were once one of Emma's Guardians." Norman, perhaps sensing there was little to be gained, said nothing.

We silently set to work moving the men and securing the former Guardian to the tree. Monty said that by a code of honor he couldn't kill the Guardian, but I could tell that he wished he could cause him more harm. Without anyone saying a word, we started to walk again.

As we got closer to Bellgard, I decided to ask Monty and Percy more about the role of a Guardian. "You keep saying that a Guardian is tasked with protecting the Essence, but what does that mean exactly?"

Monty nodded at Percy, letting him answer the question. "A Guardian is willing to do anything to keep the Essence safe, even if it means sacrificing his own life. Traditionally, the Guardians were seen as separate from the rest of the military. They would intervene in affairs if it would keep peace, and therefore protect the Essence. If Energo remained strong and at peace, then the Essence had little to fear."

I wondered what this all meant for me. "You said traditionally; is it different now?"

"From the beginning, Blake has treated the Guardians almost like generals," Monty explained. "Using them as leaders of the elite military he created, the Bravado."

"Is he going to try to do the same thing with Charlotte's Guardians?" Liam asked, walking along beside me.

"Yes. Although the Guard is receiving the usual Guardian training, I believe that he is treating them like officers of the Bravado," Percy explained, before looking over at Naomi for collaboration.

"From what I have seen, Blake already has all of the Guardians in agreement, even the Gerard," Naomi added.

"What exactly is the military doing?" I asked.

"They have been building up weaponry in anticipation of the Essence's return. They intend to continue with their military campaigns against the other worlds, still under the guise of protecting Energo," Percy explained.

As useful as it was to learn more about the present situation, it also made me more anxious about our plans. I didn't like the idea of Charlotte being in the middle of such a militaristic state. I was proud of her, but I was also frightened for her. I tried to understand the emotional turmoil she was going through, but I knew that I couldn't. I just hoped we would get to her soon.

Chapter Twenty-Six

Charlotte

As soon as William left, I looked over at Ruth, although I didn't need to physically see her to know she was giving her support. The connection between us was growing as I learned more. Despite the severity of the situation, I felt that in some ways I was gaining a grandmother figure in my life, something that seemed even more important now that my mother was gone. I definitely had the need for more female role models in my life. Ruth assured me that getting out of the dungeon would be easy.

It seemed like an eternity, but it was likely less than ten minutes before I heard two sets of footsteps hurrying down the stairs and into the hallway. I saw the guard first, clearly leading the way, and then Calvin was in front of me.

"Oh, Charlotte, what have I done?" Calvin took in my dirty and worn form.

I put my hands through the opening in the door. "It doesn't matter, Calvin." Calvin immediately took both of my hands in his and kissed them.

"You are giving me your hands! You are not turning away from me!" he exclaimed, relief clear on his face.

"Calvin, I'm sorry. I need to be with you. Please take me away from here," I pleaded.

"Yes, immediately." He nodded to the guard, who instantly opened the door. I went to take a step out, but faltered, stumbling; Calvin caught me in his arms and picked me up.

"You are so weak. It is my fault. Can you forgive me, Charlotte? I will take better care of you. Please find a way to forgive me." Calvin held me close to his chest, seemingly oblivious to how dirty I was.

"I know." I smiled up at him, feeling wonderful just being with him again. Ruth was right; this part was a lot easier than getting down into the dungeon. Showing Calvin that I loved him was much easier because all it required was honesty.

Calvin addressed the guard again before walking away from the cell. "Hurry ahead and have Tara prepare for Charlotte."

"Yes, sir."

I didn't dare look back at Ruth as Calvin carried me away, but I knew that she was smiling. I snuggled into Calvin's chest as he carried me up the stairs; I felt his heartbeat accelerate. He kept looking down at me, trying to read my expression. He didn't put me down until we were up in my room, and only when Tara had the bath ready.

"I guess I need to go," Calvin said, looking toward the bath. "Call for me when you are ready, Charlotte."

"Calvin?" I called softly after he put me down.

He stopped on his way to the door. "Yes?"

"I need to ask something of you."

"Anything." I noticed he looked mildly nervous.

"Could we please spend some time alone this evening? That's what I need more than anything," I told him in a near whisper.

"Absolutely, Charlotte, we can dine alone and have all the time we need." He smiled brightly.

"I can't wait." I meant it, and not just because things were going as planned.

I took a hot bath and had some tea. I studied Tara as we sat together and realized that we actually looked a little bit alike. She seemed so relieved to see that I was back and being nice to Calvin. She stood to leave. "I assume that you want to dine with Calvin in here? I will call for him."

Dressed in a light blue dress with a purple sash, I waited for Calvin and tried to contain my excitement.

Before long, there was a knock at my door. "Come in," I called.

Calvin entered the room and closed the door behind him. He wore a bright smile on his face that only increased when he saw that I was smiling too. I sensed that he had been nervous that I might have changed my mind again.

He walked over to where I stood and pulled me close to him. He immediately kissed me like he had never kissed me before. It was urgent, passionate, and completely full of emotion. I could think of nothing while we kissed; it was just such a relief to be with him again. When he finally pulled away, he took both of my hands in his and put them on his chest, and we just stood there for a moment.

"I love you, Calvin." The words came out with no warning, although I had been feeling it, I hadn't planned to say it aloud.

"I love you, Charlotte," Calvin said lightly. "You do not understand how good it is to hear you say that again. I knew that you never stopped loving me, but somehow I needed to hear it."

Calvin kissed me again, taking me off guard. He moved away when a knock at the door announced our dinner. He insisted that we eat, concerned that I get sustenance after my time in the dungeon, but he held my hand throughout the meal, making it tough to cut the food. A servant entered again to take the cart, and then quickly excused herself. Calvin followed her out, and I heard him tell whoever was outside that he wanted no interruptions.

He joined me where I sat on the edge of the bed and pulled a wooden box from his pocket. He took out a small crystal rose, made of the same material as the orb and key on my necklace.

"Happy birthday, Charlotte," he said softly, as he carefully lifted my hair and unlatched my necklace. He strung the rose on the necklace before replacing it around my neck. I picked up the chain and examined the new pendant; it was beautiful.

"Do you like it?" he asked expectantly.

"I love it; it's perfect," I told him warmly, feeling almost recharged by being with him again.

We lay down on the bed, and I relaxed in Calvin's arms with my head on his chest. I didn't move for a while. I just listened to Calvin's even breathing while he absently played with my hair and traced my face with his fingers. I finally realized that I had to bring up the less pleasurable part of the conversation.

"Calvin?" I asked tentatively.

"Yes, love?" he said without moving.

"I'm scared."

"Scared? Is this from your experience in the dungeon? Did you get hurt?" he asked in alarm, lifting up my face so he could look into my eyes.

"No. I'm scared that Blake is going to hurt me, retaliate somehow." I knew my real fear was visible in my eyes.

"Charlotte, I would never let him touch you. Never. No one will ever hurt you," he said gently.

"How can you be sure?"

"I am the Gerard; I have authority. I respect Blake's advisement, but that advisement will not pertain to you. I learned that the hard way. He is not to be allowed alone with you. No man is now. I noticed the night of the ceremony that he made you nervous, and it was my own fault for letting him address you without me," Calvin said, and I could tell that he meant it. "Does that quell your fears?" he asked when I didn't respond.

"Yes," I said quietly. "It's just so strange being here, away from my family. I have such strong emotions, sometimes it seems overwhelming." Without knowing it, I had started to cry. Just as he had the morning I had been thrown in the dungeon, he used his finger to wipe away my tears.

"I hate to see you sad. Please, tell me how to make you happy."

"Is my family coming to get me?" I phrased it as Ruth had instructed, but even without the coaching, I would have known what to say.

"Yes, they have been spotted and are on their way," Calvin admitted.

"Please, Calvin, please don't let anyone hurt my family and friends."

"Charlotte, I will do what I can to avoid hurting them, but we have to subdue them. They cannot leave with you. But you do not want to leave, do you?" Calvin asked, watching me intently.

"I don't want to leave you," I said honestly.

"Now, as much as it pains me to say goodnight, I have to attend a meeting, and you need to sleep."

"Calvin?" I asked, preparing to give another request.

"Yes?" He stood up, ready to leave.

"I assume that I'll have to spend the next few days with a Guardian, considering everything, and when it can't be you, can I pick who it is?" I hoped I had phrased it appropriately.

"You want to pick your Guardian?" Calvin looked stressed at the suggestion.

"Could it be Henry? He just seemed so nice, and it was like spending time with a little brother or something. Please."

"Henry? Absolutely, I will see to it. But really, you must sleep." I sensed he was relieved that I hadn't asked for James.

"I love you, Charlotte, and I always will." Calvin kissed me lightly and left the room. Just as Calvin closed the door behind him, I heard a key turn in the door. So I'm still a prisoner, I thought as I drifted off to sleep.

***

The next morning, Tara entered my room as expected. She quietly helped me pick out a dress and get changed. "Tara, did you know we were cousins this whole time?" I startled her as she brushed my hair.

"I did not know at first, but I knew once you were revealed as the Essence," Tara admitted quietly.

"Your father was happy to hear you are well." I spilled it out far less eloquently than planned.

"My father?" Tara sounded surprised.

"Yes, Theodore. He was down in the dungeon."

"And he is well?" Tara asked anxiously.

"Yes, he was just relieved to learn you were here." Tara smiled, and it reminded me that, despite the stresses of the past days, I had gained a wonderful cousin.

Breakfast was as awkward as I had anticipated. Clearly, Calvin had spoken to Blake about staying away from me, because he barely acknowledged my presence in the room. I was afraid that Blake would somehow figure out what I was up to and foil my plans. After breakfast, Calvin and Blake took off to discuss strategy in a meeting I was clearly not invited to attend, but true to Calvin's word, Henry appeared just as they were leaving.

"I heard you requested me specifically," Henry said, grinning as we walked out of the dining room. "I guess I impressed you the other day. You should have seen the other Guardians' faces when Calvin announced that I was assigned as your detail when he was unavailable."

"Well, you made a good impression," I agreed, as we walked outside and into the village.

I asked Henry if he could walk with me to the cathedral, and he was more than happy to oblige. The walk was short, and before I knew it we were inside. As I had hoped, the room was empty.

"Henry, you are my Guardian, and you are sworn to protect me, right?" I asked, as soon as I was sure we were alone.

Henry looked at me quizzically. "Of course, Charlotte."

"If I asked you to do something for my protection, would you do it?" I tried to get a read on his expression.

"Absolutely," Henry said without wavering.

I felt that I could trust his words, so I continued. "I assume you know that my family is on their way to Bellgard to get me."

"Yes. Calvin told us that we are to ensure your safety above all else but also try to spare your family," Henry explained.

"What if my protection required helping my family get inside the castle?" I knew that I could trust him, but I was afraid of his reaction.

"Are you suggesting I help you leave Bellgard?"

"I need you to trust me. It is for the good of everyone that I reunite with my family. I wouldn't be asking if I didn't view it as imperative."

As I waited for Henry to respond, I thought about my conversation with Ruth. When I had told Ruth that Henry was the only other Guardian I really knew, she seemed convinced he would help. She assured me that his family, the Ashwells, had always been loyal to the Essence and would take my counsel seriously.

"I believe you, but I will only help on one condition," Henry said seriously.

"Yes?"

"That I accompany you wherever it is that you are going. I have sworn to protect you, and if you are leaving Bellgard, so am I," he said firmly.

I tried to picture him outside of Energo, but failed. "Absolutely, Henry, you will come with us."

So far, my part of the plan was falling into place, but it had all relied on my convincing others to help. The next step required me to use my newfound abilities, and I was nervous that I would somehow fail. Still, I understood that I had to maintain an air of confidence with Henry because, if I seemed at all hesitant, he might back out. I gave Henry a bright smile as we walked back toward the castle.

Chapter Twenty Seven

Kevin

The snow came out of nowhere. Monty had warned us that it always snowed around Bellgard in early winter, but this was no little snow; it was a blizzard. Percy seemed to think that Charlotte had caused it, but I found it hard to imagine my little sister controlling the weather. By the time we reached the outer walls of the city, we could hardly see a foot ahead of us. It was freezing, and the wind burned as we tore ahead. I was grateful that I hadn't shaved in days because my facial hair at least helped keep me warm. Percy had found cloaks for us, but they offered little relief against the raging storm. Through the wind, Percy explained that this storm virtually guaranteed us entrance over the wall to Bellgard under the theory that if we couldn't see, neither could anyone else.

I scaled the stone wall by gripping the small areas of mortar between the stone. I was able to easily pull myself up despite the thick layer of ice accumulating on the stone. I reached the top of the wall and spun around just in time to punch out a guard. I had been prepared to run into one, but I hadn't expected it to happen so quickly. I knocked him off the wall, and he silently fell to the snow below. I figured he would be out for hours. I anchored one end of a thick rope to a pillar before throwing it back down to where the rest of the group waited. One by one, they joined me. I tried to give Samantha my hand as she reached the top, but she ignored it, making room for Liam who was right behind her. Luckily, it appeared that no other guards had detected our entrance. Still, I was nervous because I knew that we might be discovered at any time.

We jumped onto the roof of a small building and continued as quietly as possible from roof to roof until we reached the castle. I kept expecting someone to ambush us, but fortunately, the howling wind and swirling snow hid our movements. I couldn't believe that we were actually doing this. I would have thought it was a dream except for the look of fear and pain in Monty's eyes; his concern for Charlotte was not something I could have dreamed. I hoped that Charlotte had been successful in getting the guards moved from their post at the side gate. Everything was riding on it. As we approached the open gate, it appeared that no one was guarding it. I felt euphoric because we were so close to getting Charlotte out of this place. We quietly moved through the entrance. I expected someone to drop down on us at any moment, but we saw no one. We were so close that the adrenalin rush was like nothing I had ever experienced; it made my jump the other day seem like nothing. Suddenly, everything was out of control.

A tall boy with black hair stood in front of me holding what was clearly a Guardian's sword inches from my chest. His sword was blue instead of green.

"Did you think I could be so easily deceived?" the boy said, and I looked over to see that several other men with Guardian swords were standing behind him. One of the Guardians held a boy who couldn't have been more than fifteen with chains around his wrists.

The black-haired boy continued, "You thought that I would not figure out what they were up to? Charlotte picked the one Guardian I would be least concerned with because of his age, but I knew there was more to her request. And then to find out she had told him to have the Bravado removed, and he assented." He looked over at the younger boy in chains.

I didn't know about anyone else, but I was nervous. I was ready for this guy to get out of my face. I finally decided to speak. "Listen, whoever you are. I don't want trouble; I just want my sister, and we're out of here."

The boy looked at me seriously. "My name is Calvin Boyd, and I am Charlotte's Gerard, the new leader of Energo. I promised Charlotte that I would try to avoid hurting her family, and I will honor my promise if possible. I see the resemblance and believe that you are her brother, and I sense that you are a Guardian. I will allow you to remain and join our ranks. With time, I may trust you with Charlotte. The rest of you must leave, and if I see you again, know that I will not be as forgiving." He paused for a minute, looking at me intently. "No one is taking Charlotte away from me."

I wasn't backing down because no one was going to tell me that I couldn't be trusted with my own sister. "Take her from you? You took her from me first; she's my sister." I returned his stare.

"Let us see Charlotte," Monty called. As he walked forward, two armed men looked ready to subdue him.

"No one is seeing Charlotte right now," Calvin said severely. I was glad to see that Calvin had finally pulled his sword back a little.

"Where is she?" Liam asked.

Calvin eyed Liam warily. "She is safe."

"I have a right to see my niece; she has been left in my care by her father," Monty demanded.

"And such great care you took, letting her wander around on her own. But all of that is in the past; Charlotte belongs here with me now."

"Charlotte isn't going anywhere near you!" I felt my anger rise as I listened to the guy talk about my sister like he owned her. "She's only fifteen; you're too old for her."

"Actually, he is younger than you, Kevin. He's only seventeen." I turned around and found myself face to face with James.

I almost snapped. "You are seriously going to pay for bringing my sister here."

"She came willingly." James smiled. "I only accompanied her." I raised my fist, but Monty pulled me back.

I turned back to Calvin, unable to control my anger. "Charlotte is my sister; let me see her!"

"I respect your status as her brother, but I am her Gerard, and I determine who she sees. As I already told you, it is your right to stay with the rest of the Guard, and in time, you can see Charlotte, but not until I decide it is safe." Calvin positioned his sword in front of my chest again.

"So do you tell Charlotte what to do, too, because, yeah, how's that going for you?" I asked. "Clearly she tricked you by talking to that kid over there," I said, pointing at the boy in chains. "So she obviously wants out. You really think you can just keep her here?"

"She does not really want to leave; she wants to stay with me. She is just overwhelmed right now." Calvin showed no signs of wavering. It was clear that he really believed that Charlotte wanted to stay.

"What you need to understand is that where Charlotte is from, she is just a kid." Monty tried to reason with Calvin again. "She is only fifteen, years away from adulthood."

"She is sixteen now," Calvin said slowly.

Wow! I forgot that her birthday had passed. What a way to celebrate her sixteenth. I told myself that if we ever got out alive, I would have to do something really special for her.

"She is young, Calvin. She needs to be with her family," Monty continued.

"She is an adult in Energo, and those are the rules that govern here," Calvin said stoically.

"But what about what she wants?" Monty asked, not ready to back down.

"Charlotte wants to be with me, have no doubt about that. In time, she will learn to view Bellgard as home. Charlotte will be happier if her brother is near. I realize that, and I encourage him to stay and train, but it will be better for her if everyone else leaves now."

"We are not leaving without Charlotte," Monty said, as he walked toward Calvin. I stepped to the side to let him pass. "I lost my sister; I will not lose my niece."

"It seems we have reached an impasse. I have done my best to keep my promise, but Charlotte's safety and security comes first. I will give you one last chance to leave unscathed," Calvin said.

The way Calvin said it made me feel sick; I knew I would give my life to save my sister, but what good would dying do if she remained a prisoner? As we stood staring at Calvin and the other Guardians, all I could do was hope that someone had another plan.

Chapter Twenty-Eight

Charlotte

So far, everything was going as planned. I had thought about the biggest snowstorm I had ever seen, a blizzard from when we had been living in Alaska, closed my eyes, and pictured it as intently as I could. I ran to the windows after I opened my eyes, and I could already see the heavy snow and blustery winds picking up. Ruth had assured me that my family would have an easier time getting into Bellgard under the cover of a storm. I hoped that she was right. Otherwise, they were facing a blizzard for nothing.

I knocked on my door and called to the Bravado guard. "I'm hungry. Could you please find Tara and have her get me some food?"

"Yes, immediately, Miss," the guard said before hurrying away.

Within seconds of the guard leaving, I heard a key turn in the lock, and Tara appeared. I thanked her quickly before running down the stairs toward the dungeon, taking a back corridor that Tara had told me about. I appreciated the help Tara had given me. I knew that she was risking a lot with even minimal involvement. Although I could have potentially broken out of my room myself, I knew it would buy me more time if Tara helped.

As I neared the dungeon, I thought that I heard Kevin's voice, but I tried to ignore it. I needed to focus. I expected to see men from the Bravado near the door, but I saw no one. I splintered the wood of the dungeon door and headed downstairs. I felt a flood of relief; it had worked. It was dark, but I remembered the way. I thought about running, but knew that if I slipped on a step, the plan could be ruined.

I walked halfway down the corridor and closed my eyes. I envisioned every piece of wood tearing apart. I heard the doors push open and opened my eyes to find myself in the middle of a crowd. Theodore found me in the chaos. I had never seen him before, but I knew who he was instantly. He looked a lot like Monty, but he was older, more worn. He led me over to another wooden door and told me to open it. That door was harder to open; it took twice as long, but it eventually fell apart. I stepped into the doorway and saw swords, bows, and shields inside.

Theodore ran past me into the room and started to hand out weapons to the freed prisoners, encouraging them to run upstairs quickly. I held back, pushing myself against the wall, and waited for Ruth. Finally, she found me.

"You have done so well, Charlotte. You are learning quickly." She grabbed my arm firmly, letting me know to stay back.

"Thank you, but I heard my brother. Will my family be all right?" I tried to stay calm, but the thought of anything happening to my family made me feel ill.

"I cannot promise you their safety, but we are bringing them a chance." Ruth gestured to the crowd heading out in front of us. "I know it is hard, but you have to push those thoughts out of your head and focus on your role. We stand no chance of getting out of Bellgard without you."

"Do you really think I can do it?" I asked.

"Yes, if you can focus."

We walked up the stairs slowly. Ruth tried to hold me back from the other prisoners, emphasizing that I was useless if I were hurt, and I needed to be careful. When we reached the main floor, I heard screams and grunts and knew that the battle had begun. Ruth took my hand and led me down an older, pitch-black corridor. I really hoped Ruth knew where she was going. Even in the blackness, I could tell that the passage wound back to the mountain side of the castle. We kept moving as quickly as possible through the dark until Ruth stopped and placed my hand on a stone wall.

"Charlotte, you must find a way to break through this wall. It is not reinforced with metal; it is all stone."

I looked up at the thick stone and closed my eyes, allowing myself to envision it crumbling. I tried to let everything else fade away. As soon as I started to see the stone move, I felt someone grab me. I opened my eyes, but it was still completely black. I felt something cold around me. All at once, every inch of me hurt, and I fell to the ground. Someone picked me up and carried me at a fast pace. I knew that it couldn't be Ruth, and I started to panic. The pain was getting worse. Suddenly, I was thrown onto the ground.

"Not so strong now, are you?" I looked up toward the voice. Everything was blurry, but I knew it was Blake.

"What are you doing to me? Where is Ruth?" I cried out in pain.

"You think that you are so smart, Charlotte. You really believe that you know better than anyone, but you are mistaken. You know so little. You cannot even persuade your own Gerard to follow you. What does that say about you?" Blake asked, sneering at me.

"Let me go, Blake, let me go. Why are you doing this to me?" I screamed.

"So much like your mother," Blake said icily. "It would have been so easy if she had just consented to be with me. Instead, she fought, and she ran, but she could not stay away forever. I created this cloak to subdue her, never imagining I would need to use it again. It is made of steel and reinforced with dark magic. There is no getting out of it, so you might as well stop flailing." So that was what it was, some kind of cloak. But why couldn't I move my arms?

Blake seemed to read my mind. "Think of it as a straitjacket. You are not moving anywhere," he said, clearly enjoying seeing me weakened at his feet.

"What good am I to you dead? You think a new Essence will be any better?" I asked with as much energy as I could muster.

"I do not want you dead." Blake gave me a wicked smile. "This will not kill you. It will weaken you, but I am not taking your life. I have no need for a new Essence; I have your Gerard in the palm of my hand. As long as you stay at Bellgard, he will do anything I ask, just relieved that he is near you and feels that he can protect you."

"But Calvin won't let you hurt me; he'll make you stop this," I said, hoping my words were true.

"Calvin does not want you hurt, but he also wants you to stay with him more than anything else. And just so you are aware, that little stunt you pulled with Henry upset him; I do not think he will be giving you too much space now." Blake almost laughed.

"Oh no, Henry," I tried to say, but the pain was getting to be too much. The more I tried to fight it or talk, the worse the pain became. The only thing that eased it was lying still and silent.

"Do not try to talk, Charlotte, no need to strain yourself. Henry is very much alive; Calvin will let him prove himself again, and this time he will not make the mistake of listening to you." Blake bent down to look at me directly.

I lay silent and still. I closed my eyes, but all I could see was metal. I felt hopeless. My family was in the other room fighting to save me, relying on my abilities to get us out, but I had failed. So much for being the most powerful Essence in six hundred years, I thought, as I felt the last remnants of my energy fade away.

Chapter Twenty-Nine

Kevin

I felt hopeless. I looked at Monty to try to figure out what he was thinking. I knew that he would be unwilling to leave without Charlotte. Liam looked just as resolved. I hadn't dared look behind me yet to see what Samantha was doing. I knew that Percy was also in the hall with Naomi in her cat form. I really hoped that one of them would come up with a plan.

Suddenly, I heard bellowing cries as a large mass of people entered the large hall. I saw both men and women, dirty, dressed in what appeared to be rags, and wielding weapons. I watched as they approached Calvin and his men, but just as quickly, reinforcements of Bravado men appeared.

Calvin turned to face the ensuing crowd, and I took my chance to unsheathe my sword. The blade glowed brightly. I was instantly grateful that Calvin had been so confident that he didn't think he needed to disarm us. I looked around. I was ready to go after Calvin, but my way was blocked by James, who had a frightening smile on his face. James held his sword, an exact replica of my own, and we began to fight. I held my ground as best I could, but I had to hand it to him, the kid could fight.

"This is not the basketball court, Kevin; you have no chance," James mocked. I said nothing, locking my sword against his.

In the chaos, I spotted Calvin, who towered over everyone else in the room. Monty was trying to fight him but without directly engaging him. I was suddenly relieved to have found James first. If Monty couldn't fight Calvin directly, I probably didn't have too great of a chance. I was distracted and, before I knew it, I was on the ground, James's sword to my chest.

"Are you having fun, Kevin?" James looked down at me.

"Just go on and kill me already." If I was going to die, I wanted it over with.

James gazed at me with a cruel smile. "I am not going to kill you. You are a Guardian; you have value. You just need to understand what side you should be on."

I heard a loud cry and looked to my left. Liam was on the floor bleeding from his chest. I felt sick as I saw that the sword that had caused the injury had belonged to a Guardian. Percy had told us that even a shallow wound was potentially deadly. I tried to get up, but James still had me pinned down. What else was there to do? How could I let my best friend die on the floor of this castle alone? Luckily, James looked away momentarily, and I was able to use my foot to push his sword to the side and stand up. His surprise didn't last long. He had his sword ready, and we were at it again. Suddenly, the room went quiet. I looked around trying to figure out what had changed. And then I saw why. A blond man who, based on his striking resemblance to James, I deduced was Blake, had Charlotte by the arm, dragging her into the room. She was wearing some sort of metal cloak, and her face was pale; she looked like she was in terrible agony. I looked over to Monty, who had stopped fighting. Calvin was staring at her, too, while moving toward the front of the room. I dared to look over to where Liam had been, but he was gone. I couldn't worry about that now.

"You are all putting on a good fight, I give you that, but you are not getting out of here. You need her to do that and, as you can see, she is not up to it." Blake gestured to Charlotte, who I could tell could barely stand upright.

"Blake, what is the meaning of this? She looks to be in pain. Stop it!" Calvin screamed.

"Calm down, Calvin. This cloak will cause no serious injury. Besides, you told me to do anything necessary to keep her here, did you not? If it were not for me, she would be fleeing now with her family, forever lost to you." Blake looked directly at Calvin. No one else moved or spoke.

"But she is in pain. Take that off, or I will do it myself," Calvin bellowed, taking another step toward Charlotte. Charlotte looked at Calvin, her eyes pleading.

"You underestimate your Essence's power, Calvin," Blake said calmly.

"But look at her. She is so weak. What could she do?" Calvin asked.

"He is right, Father," James said, as he walked to the front of the room. "She is too weak, is she not?" I watched with shock as James walked over to Blake and pulled Charlotte from his grasp. Blake looked surprised, but didn't argue.

"Look at her. If I let go she would fall to the ground, completely powerless. I guess that is what you wanted, huh, Calvin?" James asked mockingly.

"No, of course not," Calvin replied, clearly fighting internally over what action to take.

Blake eyed his son warily. "James, I do not know what you are going on about. This is just as much for you."

"For me?" James laughed. "For me?" he repeated. "My entire life I have done everything you have ever asked. I even found the Essence and brought her here, and for what? To be pushed aside when I was not the Gerard? To be replaced by this farmer?" James sneered at Calvin.

Calvin looked concerned, and James used the opportunity to pull Charlotte to his chest and put his sword to her neck. I felt helpless; I wanted to help her, but I couldn't think of one logical move. I looked over at Monty, who looked equally as distraught.

"James, hand her over," Blake boomed.

"No," James said levelly. I breathed in, trying to comprehend what was happening.

"You have no right to touch her, James. Release her to me immediately," Calvin thundered.

James laughed and moved his sword swiftly; it was back at her neck in moments, but the metal cloak had fallen. Immediately, Charlotte had some color back, and her eyes shone bright blue.

"Let us go, or I kill your Essence." James looked only at Calvin.

"Let you go, James?" Blake looked confused.

"Yes. I want out. If I cannot be the Gerard, I will not follow another's command. As little as I care for this girl, why should I leave her here to be tortured? Such wasted potential." James still had the sword to her neck.

"He is bluffing, Calvin. He would not hurt her," Blake said.

"I am not. I would rather see another era of darkness than watch what you have planned." It shocked me how calm James could be, considering the circumstances.

"Tortured? I would never torture her," Calvin said, as though it hurt to even say the words.

"What do you call this?" James kicked the metal cloak with his boot. "You were willing to allow my father to put her through agony just to keep her here."

"That will never be used again," Calvin said seriously. "Let her go, James. It does not have to be like this. I know you expected to be the Gerard, but Charlotte did not choose you. You need to accept it."

"I am warning you," James said, as he pulled Charlotte even closer to his chest. She gave a gasp like she could hardly breathe. Why was he doing this to her? James must have heard the gasp because he loosened his hold.

Charlotte spoke, and everyone froze. "Calvin, why don't you understand that there is no reason to listen to Blake? You are right; I did choose you as my Gerard, and that had to be for a reason. You are the one in charge. You can change things."

"Charlotte, consent to stay with me, and I will hear you out. I give you my word." Calvin softened his voice as he spoke to her.

"I will only stay if you send Blake away." Charlotte sounded resolute.

Calvin started to look desperate. "We can talk about this, Charlotte."

"No, you cannot. We are done talking. Either you let all of us go, or I kill the girl," James said angrily.

Blake laughed. "Calvin, he would not kill her; he could not." But Blake didn't take a step toward James, either.

"How do I know you will not hurt her after you leave? How do I know she will be safe?" Calvin asked, his resolve breaking.

"Because she'll be with me," I finally spoke up, understanding that as little as I trusted James, he might be our only ticket out. "I would never let her get hurt."

"Neither would I," Monty said, walking up to stand next to me.

"I will protect her, too!" Liam yelled. I turned to look at Liam and was shocked to see him standing. He was still bleeding a little, but he looked like he was going to make it. I didn't understand it.

"As will I," said the boy who had been in chains when we arrived. "I will do everything to protect my Essence." I guessed somewhere along the line, someone had freed him.

"Charlotte, do you really mean to leave me?" Calvin looked at her sadly.

"Calvin, I can't stay with you if you are following Blake. You must see his evil ways. Everything he says is a lie," Charlotte said desperately. I could see the pain in her eyes.

"But we belong together. You need to stay with me so I can protect you." Calvin started to take a step forward but stopped himself at the last moment.

"The only ones I need protection from are you and Blake." A murmur went through the crowd.

"You think you need protection from me?" Calvin nearly yelled, clearly hurt. "How could you fear me?"

"How could I not? You have been treating me as a prisoner, and you didn't try to release me from that thing, that thing that hurt worse than being burned." I couldn't believe that Charlotte was talking to Calvin this way; she sounded so confident and strong.

Calvin gasped. "Oh, Charlotte, I did not realize the pain. I am sorry. Oh, Charlotte." Calvin looked like someone had stabbed him.

"I'm not falling for it, Calvin. You need to let us go. James will kill me if he has to, and I think he's right to do it. I would rather be dead than to help with the campaign of destruction Energo is on."

"Charlotte, please," Calvin begged.

"So what do you say, Calvin? Do we leave, or do I kill the girl?" James glared at Calvin.

"You can leave. I know she will be back." Calvin addressed Charlotte as much as James. "Taking her away now will not keep her from me. She belongs here with me and her people. I will come for you, Charlotte, I promise."

"Don't come for me until you are ready to see Blake for what he really is," Charlotte said resolutely. Wow, Charlotte! I thought. I was shocked by the way she held her ground against this guy. I even had a hard time talking back to him.

Calvin looked at Charlotte sadly and nodded. "Raise the gates!" The gates opened, and James backed up, sword still to Charlotte's throat. We all started to follow them out. I quickly moved behind James in case someone tried to grab him. Once we were outside the gates with the crowd of released prisoners, the gates started to fall again. I looked back and realized that Percy might not make it out before they closed.

Percy started walking toward us, but he paused. "Blake, you will be stopped. We know you for what you are."

Suddenly, Blake lunged at Percy, knocking Percy's sword from his grasp. I watched in horror as Blake plunged his sword through Percy's chest. Even though Blake was no longer a Guardian, he had a black sword that seemed just as strong as ours, maybe even stronger. An old woman jumped on Blake from behind. Dropping his sword, Blake reached behind himself, pulling her forward. He took both of her wrists in his hand and threw her clear across the room. She fell to the ground in a heap and didn't move. The strength he exhibited in just one hand seemed superhuman. We all stared, desperately wanting to help, but there was nothing we could do. Percy and the woman, who must have been his Essence, were gone. It had all happened so fast that we couldn't respond. I saw Calvin looking as dumbstruck as we probably did, surprised by Blake's quick movements. As we stood there staring, the gate slammed to the ground. We had succeeded in rescuing Charlotte, but at a heavy cost. Hesitantly, we turned and headed through the village toward the outer wall. As we walked out, I heard Calvin cry, "Charlotte!" with more agony than I had ever heard in my life. As soon as we had moved outside the walls, James dropped the sword and told her to create a mist to make it hard for us to be pursued. Charlotte closed her eyes, and I watched mesmerized as a thick fog formed. I ran to Charlotte and pulled her into the biggest hug ever, not wanting to let go.

"Charlotte, I am so glad you are okay," I whispered, as I held her.

When I finally let go, she smiled. "It's good to see you, too, Kevin." Even though she was smiling, I could tell she was trying to hold back tears.

Monty pulled her into a hug next, swinging her around the way he always did, like she was still a little girl. "I am so proud of you, Charlotte. I am so proud." She smiled weakly; clearly her reserve was failing.

Next, Liam took his turn. Charlotte fell into his arms and started to cry. Then she seemed to notice the blood on his shirt and touched her hand to the spot. Liam made a face, and Charlotte leaned into him suddenly as though tired. Liam smiled, and the look of pain was gone.

The group was hurrying ahead, so Liam let her cry on his shoulder as he moved her forward. Liam looked over at me, as though he wanted to make sure it was okay to be so close to her, and I nodded. I had never been so grateful to have Liam as a friend, and I think Charlotte was feeling the same way.

We walked back to the Cason Caves, stopping only to eat and rest briefly. I still couldn't get over how different Charlotte seemed. She had been through an experience I could never imagine, yet here she was strong and marching on. She looked incredibly sad, and I knew without her telling me that leaving Calvin had been harder than she had let on. As much as she didn't want to, I knew that she loved him. Once I made sure that Charlotte was all right, flanked by Liam and Monty, I went to find Samantha.

"Good fight, Kevin. You did better than I expected," she said, as I fell into a stride beside her. "You held your ground and managed to come out alive."

"You, too, Samantha. You're a seriously strong fighter, you know that?" Naomi had filled me in on how Samantha was able to take on two men at once.

"So I have been told." She paused, and her face got serious. "Listen, I am glad your sister is free. I know she means a lot to you. I have no siblings, but I can only imagine how scared you must have been."

"Yeah, it was scary," I admitted, no longer quite as afraid to let Samantha know how terrified I had been.

"She is lucky to have you," Samantha said quietly.

Samantha and I walked next to each other in silence for a while, and I thought about a lot of things. Even though we had Charlotte, I knew that this was far from over. We were in far too deep to pretend that nothing had ever happened. It was hard to believe that just a few weeks ago, my biggest concern was that Charlotte was going to become a total social outcast once I went to college. Reality finally dawned on me when I realized how much harder it would be now to leave Charlotte when I went away to college. How would I ever feel comfortable leaving? I had come so close to losing my sister, and I never wanted to feel that horrible and vulnerable again.

I also found it hard to believe that Percy was dead. I had barely known the man, but I understood that we wouldn't have Charlotte back without him. I would never forget his sacrifice and the training that he gave me, but I tried to look ahead and enjoy the moment. Charlotte was safe, Liam wasn't dead, and presumably, we were going home. It was time to take a deep breath and try to relax.

Chapter Thirty

Charlotte

I had entered Energo with James, and I was leaving with him again. At first, everyone had argued, especially Kevin.

Kevin looked at me like I was crazy. "Why would we take this jerk back with us? He tried to kill you."

"He was only doing that to get us out. He wouldn't have killed me." I felt completely confident in my words.

"Calvin sure thought he would." I froze when Kevin said the name; no one had mentioned it since we left Bellgard. It hurt to think of Calvin. As relieved as I was to be reunited with my family, my heart ached for him and the pain I had caused him. In my head, I knew that I had made the right decision, but my heart thought otherwise.

Kevin probably noticed a change in my expression. "Oh. Sorry, Charlotte."

"It's fine; I don't care." I tried to sound convincing, but had trouble hiding the hurt. "James is on our side. Trust me; I can tell."

"If she says he can be trusted, he can be," Monty said. "Besides, we have no idea when Calvin is going to come for Charlotte; she needs as many Guardians with her as possible."

"Then why don't we move far away?" Kevin suggested. "I mean, why leave her where she can be found?"

"She needs to stay close to avoid losing her powers, and we need to be ready to return," Monty said seriously.

"I can give you all another reason why you want to take me back with you," James suddenly broke in. He had been unusually quiet since we left Bellgard.

"And what's that?" Kevin sounded skeptical.

"I am the only one who knows how to find Emma," James said offhandedly. Everyone stopped talking immediately.

"Find her? You mean, Mom's alive?" Kevin asked before I could get the words out. I was stunned and couldn't quite process what he was saying. "But that's not possible. We went to her funeral; I saw the casket."

"Actually, we never found a body. The police eventually abandoned the search; they accepted that her body was washed away in the river somewhere. Your father and I decided to bury an empty casket to give you some closure."

I stared, having trouble believing the words coming out of Monty's mouth. Was it really possible that my mom was still alive? Was there a chance I would get to ask her all of the questions I had about who she really was, and maybe even more, who I really was?

"Yes. She is being held prisoner. She is weak, but Charlotte might be able to give her enough energy to get her out." James looked at me.

"But how?" Samantha asked. "How could another Essence have been born so quickly if she is alive?

James's serious expression didn't falter. "I do not know for sure, but I do know she is alive."

"I had always hoped it was true," Monty said suddenly. "I always felt that she was still here somewhere, but I wouldn't let myself believe it. Where is she, James?"

"I will tell you when the time comes," James said carefully. "But we cannot free her now; we need to make many preparations first."

"James, do you promise to take us to her?" I asked.

"Yes." There was no hesitation in his voice.

"Why the sudden change of heart, James?" Liam asked the question we had all wanted to ask.

"I saw that I was on the losing team, and I decided to get off the proverbial sinking ship. Besides, as I told my father, Charlotte has too much potential to just lock her away. I have seen just how strong Charlotte is, and I think we actually have a chance," James said, while everyone watched him intently.

When we reached the cave, I looked over at Liam. He appeared tired, worn, and in desperate need of a shave, but his eyes still held the hint of a smile. I could tell when I touched his wound that he had been badly injured, yet he showed no signs of it now. Liam had to be one of the strongest people I had ever met. I wondered if that kind of strength was transferable because I knew I could use it.

We said our goodbyes and left the caves at nightfall. I looked around at our group. There was Monty, Kevin, and Liam, my family who had come after me, and James and Henry, two of my Guardians who I figured I would get to know much better over the coming months. Henry seemed really excited about leaving Energo. I had let him listen to my music when he agreed to help me, and he was really eager to hear more. He was also excited when we told him about video games, and that he would get to spend time with girls his age. Somehow, I knew he would fit in just fine back home.

As I looked at the people around me, I thought about those who wouldn't be with me. Calvin wouldn't be coming, and I was only beginning to understand my grief for Ruth. In a short period of time, she had become important to me, and I felt the loss deeply. Saying goodbye to Tara had been tough. We had both cried a little, but I knew I would see her again soon. I was just so glad that she was reunited with her father. Theodore was going to build a resistance with Samantha as his second in command. Although I didn't know too much about Samantha, I could tell my brother respected her, and that said a lot. Kevin appeared to be having a hard time saying goodbye to Samantha, but she seemed nonplussed.

"You better keep training, so you are ready when we need you," Samantha told Kevin as we turned to leave.

"I'll be ready." He gave her a half-wave goodbye. I could tell that he wanted to say more, but something had kept him quiet. It was strange to see my brother at a loss for words; I had never seen him as anything but confident.

We walked in silence until we were almost home.

"So where is Henry going to live?" Kevin asked, as we neared the gate.

"I suppose with us, we can say he's an exchange student." Monty smiled because no one would realize just how big of an exchange it would be.

"Wow, having three teenagers under your roof, you're going to be the uncle of the year." Liam laughed.

"Yeah, and when you consider how often you are over, Liam, it's more like four teenagers." It was so good to see Monty laugh. I had seen the pain on his face when I first ran over to him; I knew he had really worried that he would never see me again.

"What do you think Dad will say, though? Do we even tell him?" I asked hesitantly. I had thought of my dad infrequently over the past few days, but thoughts of returning to Charleston made me think of him instantly.

"We have to tell him about Henry," Monty said, looking at me.

"Why?" I asked, confused.

"With everything else going on, I never mentioned it, but your dad is coming to visit next week. He wants to be the one to take you to your road test." Monty smiled.

"My road test?" I was suddenly nervous. I had forgotten all about the fact that I was finally old enough to get my license. My previous life seemed like a distant memory even, though it had been less than a week since I had left home.

"Oh, come on, Charlotte! You can't seriously be nervous about a road test after all of that." Kevin gestured behind us.

"I'm not; I'm just surprised."

"By the way, happy belated birthday. We'll celebrate when we get home," Monty said lightly.

"Thanks, but I don't really want to celebrate," I told him honestly.

Monty let everyone walk a little bit ahead of us. "I know it's hard, Charlotte. I know that you miss Calvin, and it must have been nearly impossible to leave him."

"It's all fake, Monty. I know that," I told him, trying to make myself to believe it.

"Fake? Charlotte, it is not fake; your feelings are real," Monty said gently.

"You sound like Ruth." I teared up at the thought of never seeing her again.

"I was there when your mother found her Gerard. I have seen how true that love is. I also see it in you." He looked over at me as we walked.

I didn't want to talk about Calvin anymore. "Well, there's nothing I can do about it now."

"No, I suppose there's not. But if you ever want to talk..."

"Yeah, I know."

We caught up with everyone else as we neared the gate. I pulled out my necklace and inserted the crystal key. I pushed the door open, and we walked through into the early morning light of a beautiful Charleston day. I decided to ask the question I had been mulling for a while. It certainly wasn't the most important thing to think about, but I was still curious.

"So do my eyes still look really bright?"

"Yes," everyone said in unison.

"Do you think anyone will notice?"

"If you mean people in Charleston, probably not. It will be harder for people from outside of Energo to see the changes in you," Monty answered.

"Oh." I wasn't exactly disappointed, just a little sad. I guessed I was hoping something would be a little different about me after all of this, like somehow everyone should realize I was no longer the same person.

I stopped to sit in my usual spot by the fountain, and James sat down next to me just like he had after the party that night. "Don't worry, Charlotte. No matter what everyone else sees, you will always have the afterglow."

