Prologue

Skinny dipping was the last thing on my list. Of the five items, it was the hardest one for me. It wasn't a bucket list or anything like that-I wasn't thinking about death. It was a things-to-do-before-college list my cousin, Amy, made for me.

Now, I know what you're thinking. This is going to be one of those stories about the death of a loved one spurring a girl down a path of self-discovery. It's not. My cousin is alive and well, and at the time of this story was in Malawi with the Peace Corps. The list was her way of preparing me for the wilds of college (her words, not mine). Amy was under the impression that I was entirely unprepared for the life of a coed.

I still remember her exact words. We were hanging out in her room at her parents' house while she packed. "Juliet, sweetheart, you know I love you, right?"

I glanced at her apprehensively. "Yeah..."

"So know that, when I say this, it's out of love." She tossed a huge pile of t-shirts into her large black duffel.

I tensed. "Should I be scared?"

"No." She smiled her million-dollar, brings-guys-to-their-knees smile, and I knew I should actually be terrified.

"Okay." I clasped my hands together, refusing to look at my chipped nail polish.

She flipped long, dark hair off her shoulder. "I'm worried about you."

"Worried?"

"I don't want you to totally drown next year." She shoved a small, pink envelope into my hand. "Here, don't open this until after graduation."

"But you won't be here. You leave tomorrow."

She gave me her signature 'duh' look. "I'm well aware. Just open it, and do exactly what it says."

"This kind of feels like the beginning of a YA novel."

She laughed. "No. Trust me. The contents of this letter are not YA appropriate."

My stomach dropped. What was Amy getting me into?

I brought the envelope home and stared at it about four times a day for the next two weeks. Obviously, I could have just opened it, but I'm usually kind of a rules person. Each time I started to tear open the envelope, I chickened out. I kept picturing Amy's perfectly made up face yelling at me. I know that description doesn't quite fit with a girl who joined the Peace Corps, but if you knew Amy, you'd understand. She was just Miss Perfect. It wasn't until I got home from a graduation party at a friend's house that I finally opened it. As I unfolded the pale pink paper, a Georgia driver's license saying I was twenty-two fell into my lap. I set aside the fake ID and read the note.

Juliet's Must-Do Before College List

Get drunk (and no, a buzz from sugary drinks does not qualify as drunk).

Go to a bar. Any bar will do, but you need to at least know what they look like inside.

Wear something you know would give your father a heart attack if he saw it.

Kiss a random guy, and don't let it go further.

Go skinny dipping.

I'm sure you expect me to detail how I crossed the first four items off my list, but this story isn't about the first four. It's about what happened when I did number five.

Chapter One

Finally alone, I reveled in the silence, looking out the large floor-to-ceiling windows of my family's beach house. My grandparents had bought the house located just outside of Charleston, South Carolina years ago, before Kiawah became a retreat for millionaires. They were generous and let the entire extended family use it whenever we wanted. After two weeks of sharing the house with five other people, I was excited to have it to myself.

I'd decided to stay an extra day, craving some alone time before I had to give up all of my privacy and move in with some random girl. The whole idea of having a roommate sounded good in theory, but knowing my luck, I'd be living with my exact opposite or something even worse.

Sitting cross-legged on the ultra-comfy bed (now that everyone had left, I had moved up from the pull-out couch), I took the now crinkled letter out of my green REI backpack. Go skinny dipping. If I was ever going to do it, an empty beach house was the perfect place. Besides, I was running out of time. School started in just a few weeks.

It was already after nine, and the last remnants of the sun had disappeared. I picked out my favorite red bikini and changed. I'd have to ease into the whole thing, maybe jump in the pool and then take it off. It's funny that getting drunk and kissing a random guy didn't scare me, but getting naked in a pool seemed terrifying. I just wasn't comfortable being naked. I knew my body wasn't bad. I was decently thin with curves in all the right places-namely my chest. The few guys I'd been with always seemed happy enough with my body, but I still didn't like shedding my clothes. I know some girls walk around their rooms naked. Not me. I was dried off and in clothes within minutes of getting out of the shower. Okay, that's not entirely true. I loved sitting around in a towel, but you had to be careful doing that when you lived in a house with a couple of brothers.

I changed into my bikini and headed outside. One side of the house bordered the woods, and the house on the other side had been empty for the two weeks I'd been at the beach. I knew that well. I'd been disappointed when the Bradleys failed to show up.

Something was still missing. If I was going skinny dipping, I was going to do it right. I went back inside to get my iPod. I plugged it into the outside stereo system and selected my workout list. I needed something upbeat.

Satisfied with the musical selection, I jumped in. I wasn't good with the whole easing myself in slowly thing. Too cold that way.

It was only after I'd jumped in that I realized I'd forgotten one important thing-a towel. I thought about getting out for one, but then I'd get cold. There was no sense going through it twice.

I dove under the surface and tried to make myself relax. It wasn't a big deal. I needed to pretend it was a bath-a big, outside bath. I pulled the elastic out of my hair, letting my long, light brown hair fall down my back. My mom called my hair dirty blonde, but I hated anything with the name dirty. It was light brown.

I finally made myself do it. I untied my top and slipped off the bottoms. Oh my god, I'd done it. I was actually naked. I flung both pieces to the side, trying to get them to land on one of the lounge chairs, but somehow they ended up on the decking underneath. It didn't really matter since I wouldn't be putting them back on. I'd just run up to my room and change.

Amy hadn't specified how long I needed to skinny dip, but I figured I needed to at least swim around a little. The more I did it, the less weird it seemed. It felt liberating. The water was warm enough, and with only a few lights illuminating the pool, I didn't feel overly exposed.

That excitement lasted maybe another five minutes until I saw headlights pull into the neighbor's driveway. Unfortunately, they had one of those windy driveways that curved around to a garage in back. If the driver happened to look through the trees and shrubs, I'd be spotted. Before I panicked, I reassured myself that it was too dark for anyone to actually see anything.

I didn't have much time to worry. The car stopped, and a tall figure stepped out.

"Hey, is that you, Juliet?" It may have been dark, but I'd know that voice anywhere. It was deep and incredibly sexy.

I wanted to slip under the water and never come back up. Dylan Bradley was talking to me while I was naked. "Uh, yeah. Hi, Dylan." To this day, I blame it on the music. If Katy Perry hadn't been blaring, he might never have looked.

"Isn't it a little late for a swim?"

"Not really. I like staying up late." Could I sound lamer?

He disappeared, but I knew it wasn't over. He reappeared a moment later through a patch of trees.

I treaded water in the deepest part of the pool, hoping the dim lighting hid how completely naked I was.

"Mind if I turn that down?" He pointed up at the speakers.

"Sure. The controls are-"

"Behind the bar. I know." Dylan had spent plenty of nights swimming at our house. Even though his house was far bigger, his dad had refused to put in a pool. Mr. Bradley claimed that if you were at the beach, you didn't need a manmade concrete hole to swim in.

Dylan turned off the music. So much for turning it down. "I heard you're going to Harrison this year."

"Yeah. I'm actually starting college." I continued treading water, praying he wouldn't move any closer.

"Cool. I'll probably see you around then."

"Oh yeah, I forgot you were still up there." Total lie. I was well aware Dylan was a senior at Harrison University. I hated to admit it, but I Facebook stalked him. I'd probably have real life stalked him if we didn't live five hours away from each other. To say I had a crush on Dylan would be the understatement of the century.

His expression let me know how little he believed me. "Yeah. It's my last year, but Kyle's going to be a freshman."

"Yeah?" I, of course, knew that too, but not from internet stalking. I couldn't care less about his brother, Kyle. It was Dylan who always had my attention. I'd found out about Kyle's plans from my mother.

Dylan looked even better than I remembered. Despite the dim lighting, I could see his slight tan-normally it was a lot deeper. I guess his summer internship had kept him from spending as much time at the beach as usual. His brown hair still had just a little bit of a curl to it. He wore it shorter than I'd ever remembered seeing it.

"You look kind of cold. Where's your towel?" He glanced around.

"Oh, I'm okay."

"Come on, you can't stay in the pool all night."

I would stay as long as I had to.

"Wait a second." A small smile spread across his face. He walked toward the chairs, and my heart sunk. When he turned back toward me, he had my bikini top wrapped around his hand. "Are you skinny dipping?"

"Umm, maybe."

"By yourself?"

What was that supposed to mean? "Isn't that part obvious?"

He grinned. "Wow, I never took you for an exhibitionist."

"This is a private pool."

"Now you really need to get out."

"Shut up. Not until you leave."

"You're too cold. You won't make it that long."

"You're wrong." I sure hoped he was.

"All right. If you're not getting out anytime soon, I'm going to join you." He pulled off his t-shirt.

Oh my god. Was Dylan Bradley about to get naked in front of me? I had to be dreaming. This was not the kind of thing that ever happened to me-at least not when I was awake.

I was so busy freaking out that I didn't even try to stop him. The next thing I knew, he stood buck naked in front of me. I admired the view in shock for a second before he jumped in. He swam over to me, but held back. "You're eighteen, right?"

"Yeah. Why does that matter?"

He smiled. "Because I'm not getting busted for swimming naked with a minor."

"It's stupid, isn't it? I mean it's not like I magically changed from a kid to an adult on my last birthday." I stupidly used hand motions and unwittingly gave Dylan a front row view of my br**sts.

His eyes widened. "You haven't been a kid for a while."

"Yeah, you either." I cringed. I really needed to filter.

He laughed. "No, no I haven't."

The way he stared unnerved me, and I needed to keep us talking. "What are you doing here? School starts in like two weeks. Isn't this a weird time to come to the beach?"

"I've been working all summer. It's the only break I've had."

I really looked at him. To be honest, he did look tired, although it was hard to look at his face when I knew he wasn't wearing anything.

He suddenly grinned. "You're going to be such trouble."

"Excuse me?"

"I figured you'd spend all of your time in the library, but now that I know about this side of you, I have a feeling you're going to make things interesting."

"You make it sound like we're going to be hanging out."

"We're not?" He moved into the shallow water.

"Do you usually hang out with freshman girls?"

"Sometimes." He leaned back against the wall. I didn't need the show he was giving me. He definitely felt comfortable in his own skin.

"I'm not going to bite, Juliet. You can come over here. You can't tread water all night."

"Not all night, but for a while. I was on the swim team, and I'm a lifeguard."

"Come on, don't be a baby."

I shouldn't have let his words get to me, but they did. I let out a breath and swam over. "Who are you calling a baby?" Of course, I was on my knees to keep myself under the water.

"Not you. I'm definitely not calling you that." He pulled on my hand, catapulting me through the water and against him. He slid down, so that I was practically on his lap. Oh my god. If being naked with him was scary, having the evidence of his arousal pressed against me was unreal.

I tried to move off him, but all that did was shift me closer.

"You're gorgeous."

I'm sure I blushed. "Oh, thanks."

"I mean it. I've thought so for a while, but you always seemed so young."

"Yeah? I thought that about you, too."

"The gorgeous part or the young part?"

"Neither. I mean. I just mean I always thought you were attractive."

He smiled. "I know."

"You know?"

"I assumed that's why you always put on the tiniest bikinis and lay out right in front of us. Unless that was for Kyle's benefit..."

"No. It was for yours." My wardrobe and schedule had always been strategically planned to result in the maximum amount of exposure to Dylan. I was pathetic. I'm not even going to try to deny it.

He grinned. "I knew it."

He ran his hands up and down my arms. "You've got goose bumps."

"That's the problem with the shallow end. Not enough of you is under water."

"Want me to fix that?"

"How?"

He didn't answer. Instead, he gripped my hand and swam back to the deep end, stopping to anchor himself on the ladder. "Is this better?" He never released me, but kept me tethered to him so I couldn't swim away.

"Much." I was proud of myself for not hyperventilating.

"Good." He pulled me against him. "Maybe this will keep you warm, too."

"Umm, yeah."

"Am I making you nervous?"

"No," I lied.

"Are you a virgin?" He suddenly got serious.

"No, of course not."

"I figured you weren't."

"Because I look like a slut or something?"

"No. But you're hot, and you've had boyfriends here with you before."

"Okay, good." For some reason, even though I was naked in a pool with him, I was still worried about Dylan's opinion about the kind of girl I was.

"Would it be okay if I kissed you?"

We were currently naked together, with me on his lap, and now he was asking my permission to kiss me? I nodded.

"Good." He leaned in, cradling the back of my head as his lips met mine. His lips moved, slowly for a moment, before he sped up and pushed his way into my mouth. He deepened the kiss while using his free hand to cup one of my br**sts. I groaned. That seemed to turn him on more, and his kiss became frenzied. His hand left my breast and slipped between my legs. I'd wondered what those fingers would feel like, and they didn't disappoint. His lips left mine and moved down to my neck. He stopped. "Touch me."

After a moment's hesitation, I reached out to grab him.

"My house or yours?"

It took me a moment to pull out of my fog and realize what he was asking.

His hand stilled. "I mean we could do it here, but I figure you want to use protection."

"Oh, yeah. Of course. Yours." There was no way I was doing it in my grandparents' house. But oh my god, I was about to have sex with Dylan.

"Great." He didn't waste a minute. He got us out of the pool, picked up his jeans, and towed me to his house. He moved so quickly I didn't have time to worry about how naked I was. He pulled out his keys and hurriedly unlocked his back door.

"Aren't we going to get everything wet?"

"Oh, we're going to get things wet."

"I meant the house. Because of the pool."

"I know what you meant." He pushed open the door to his room and backed me up to the bed. He leaned over me until I lay down.

I looked up at him, wondering if this was actually happening.

"I'm really glad I came down to the beach." He hovered over me, kissing my neck while his hand moved between my legs again. "Are you ready for me, Juliet?"

"Yes," I managed to squeak.

"Don't move." He got off the bed.

I sat up. What the hell was happening?

He returned a minute later. I couldn't help gawking at his naked body. He was all muscle-but not in the overly built-up way.

"I told you not to move."

"Where'd you go?"

"I knew Kyle kept a stash here. I think he was waiting for a chance to use one with you." With that charming statement, Dylan opened a condom. "It looks like he's out of luck." He moved above me with a grin on his face. "I got to you first."

I don't know what I expected, but this wasn't it. I winced when he entered me. It had been a while. I waited for the fireworks to start, but none did, and I mean none. There was absolutely nothing special or noteworthy about it-it was just sex-and incredibly unsatisfying sex at that.

What felt like thirty seconds later, he rolled off of me. "Fucking amazing."

Amazing? Did we experience the same thing? But this was Dylan Bradley. Clearly, the problem was with me. "Yeah, definitely."

"I'm so glad you're going to Harrison. This is going to be a fun year."

Was he implying this was more than a one-time thing? Did he want to actually date me? Of course, that was something I should have thought about before hooking up, but I was willing to break my no random sex rule for Dylan.

"No one's expecting you home, right?"

"No. I already called my parents tonight."

"Good." He pulled me close.

"Do you want me to stay?"

"Of course." He didn't say anything else, and less than a minute later, he was sleeping.

What the hell?

I pushed against his arm. The last thing I was ready to do was sleep. After a couple of attempts, I was able to move his arm enough to slip out. I looked down at the ground, remembering I had one slight problem-no clothes. I decided to escape to the bathroom. It took my eyes a few seconds to adjust once I turned on the light. I stared at my reflection in the mirror-my hair was a wet mess, and my neck and cheeks were red from his stubble.

I opened the closet and thankfully found a towel. It was plush and blue and suited my purposes perfectly. I stopped by the bed to look at Dylan for a second before heading out the back door. I wondered what he'd think when he woke up, and I wasn't there. Most likely, he wouldn't care. I walked back to our house still wearing just the towel and poured myself a glass of water. I took a shower and pulled on my favorite light green pajamas before finally collapsing into bed.

I stared at the ceiling for a while. It wasn't Dylan's fault it had been so disappointing. It had probably been because I'd inflated him so much. He was just a guy. Hopefully, it would be better next time-if there was a next time. I was almost positive this wasn't what Amy had in mind, but skinny dipping before college may have been a good thing-or so I thought.

Chapter Two

To:

Cara laughed. "Wow, flashback to elementary school."

"I know. I didn't think they actually meant a school bus." I got in line to board.

I turned when I heard some loud whistling. "Delta Mu's looking hot!"

"Be nice, boys!" Jana yelled at a group of guys walking by. They were all huge-as in giant-muscles-I-wouldn't-want-to-meet-you-in-a-dark-alley huge.

One guy yelled back, "We are being nice. See you in a few."

"Wait, those guys are going to be at laser tag?" My jaw dropped.

"Usually we'd have the whole place rented out, but the owners double booked. We'll be sharing with the Kappas."

"This is going to be interesting." Mallory laughed.

"Sisterly bonding with frat guys...right," I mumbled.

Jana turned toward me. "What was that?"

I smiled. "Nothing."

"Their bark is bigger than their bite. They're actually really nice," Jana assured us.

"I'm sure." I stepped up onto the bus and took a seat. Cara slid in next to me, and Mallory sat with Jana across from us. I looked out the window, watching a crowd of guys. I'm sure they were some frat's new pledge class.

"This place is hot guy central. I don't even know where to start." Cara ogled the guys.

"I agree." I did, but the only guy on campus I was really looking for was Dylan.

The ride went quickly as we learned some sorority songs. I hate to admit it, but they were kind of catchy. Before I knew it, we pulled into the lot of the laser tag place. It was located in a strip mall, the kind of place where you went for groceries or frozen yogurt. It must be the cheapest kind of rental space because that's where laser tag always was.

Inside, we geared up. It was a really funny sight to see a bunch of sorority girls wearing electronic vests and holding guns. We were about ready to go into the game room when the door opened, and the Kappa guys flowed in.

The pledges all wore black t-shirts that read "An offer you can't refuse." The shirts weren't particularly original, but who doesn't like a Godfather reference?

We listened as a middle-aged guy read off a list of instructions. Pretty much, we weren't supposed to hurt each other or the equipment. After we grumbled our agreement, we were allowed in. It was just like any other laser tag place I'd been to. The neon lights and fog made it feel like we were stuck in Tron.

I wasn't going to lose easily. Most of the girls were done within minutes, giggling as Kappas took them out. Cara, Mallory, and I set off together, but we got separated when a group of guys came at us Rambo style. The guy leading the pack wore a backward baseball cap. I hoped he was doing it to be funny. Not that I would have questioned it. He was giant, at least 6'4" or 6'5", and a solid wall of muscle.

I hid behind a blockade, determined to wait out baseball cap guy. There was no way he was taking me down. I waited and waited, and finally I saw him turn the corner. I pointed my gun, aimed, and hit him straight in the back.

"Damn it." As his vest lit up and buzzed, he searched for the culprit.

I smiled and winked at him. "Better luck next time."

"That wasn't very lady like."

"Who said I was a lady?"

An active sister I was pretty sure was named Dana walked past us. Her vest blinked. "You're a Delta Mu. Of course you're a lady."

I resisted the urge to stick my tongue out at her. "This has been fun and all, but I'm still alive." I gestured to my vest.

Baseball cap guy smiled. "Yeah, yeah. Go kill some more men, Annie."

"Annie?"

"Yup, see you around." He nodded before disappearing into the man-made fog.

I moved back into my hiding spot, but before I could even look for my next victim, the lights flashed, and the game was over. I reluctantly walked toward the exit. Maybe laser tag was more fun than I'd remembered.

Chapter Three

To:

I was starting to get a hang of the pledging thing-or at least I thought I was. We spent at least half of the time being forced to memorize every minute detail about the history of Delta Mu and our local chapter. It would have been somewhat interesting if we didn't have to prove we'd taken in every word. I also wasn't a huge fan of our pledge mom, Amanda. Sometimes, I felt like she wanted us to screw up. The look of disappointment that crossed her face when I correctly named each of the original chapters and their school affiliations might have been comical if we hadn't been at it for two hours already.

After an hour of history, the topic of conversation moved on to the social scene. "I want all of you girls out and about tonight. Make sure to show off your pins, but remember, nothing with the actual Greek letters." Jana smiled.

"Because you haven't earned them yet." Amanda always had to play bad cop. "But that doesn't mean you aren't representing us. Make sure you dress cute. People are watching."

I wasn't one hundred percent sure what dressing cute actually meant. In my book, that meant a nice tank and skirt, but I had a feeling it also entailed something other than flip flops and a messy bun.

"I heard there's a really fun party over at Phi Omega tonight." Mallory applied mango scented lotion to her hands.

"Yeah?" I tried to sound nonchalant, but my heart was racing a mile a minute. I knew from my internet stalking that, not only was Dylan in that house, he was the president. Dylan and I hadn't interacted in any way since the night at the beach house. I doubted he even had my number. Maybe he'd just pretend it never happened. I wasn't sure whether I'd be more relieved or disappointed by that reaction.

Chapter Four

To:

"Not a party girl, huh? We'll see about that. Either way, there are always exceptions..."

"Yeah, there definitely are." The more I talked to Dylan, the more I remembered why I fell for him in the first place. He had the best smile, and always looked at me in a way that made me feel like I was the only girl in the room.

"Here, let me show you around." He put an arm around my waist and led me through the crowd. It didn't take me long to figure out that he wasn't showing me around-he was showing me off.

"Is this the girl?" a guy with blond hair asked.

"Yes. This is my Juliet."

His?

"I was beginning to think you were making her up." He turned to me. "I'm Ryan, by the way."

"Hey. I guess you already know I'm Juliet."

"Definitely. How are you enjoying Harrison so far?"

"It's been fine. I haven't done much yet."

"Yeah, Rush Week is like that."

"This is my first real night out."

"Well, I'm glad you chose our party. I'm sure Dylan's really glad, too." Ryan grinned.

"Very. I didn't get into town until a few days ago, but I was already asking about you." Dylan said it like I should be impressed. I was surprised he cared so much.

"I was hoping I'd see you tonight." I had been, even though I'd also been terrified.

"Did you know this was my house?" He smiled in a way that let me know he already knew the answer.

"Maybe." I looked down. Yeah, I was a total stalker.

"I'll let you guys catch up." Ryan walked away.

Dylan tightened his arm around me and leaned down to whisper in my ear. "You look so damn hot tonight. I wish we could just get out of here now."

I laughed. "Yeah, too bad we can't."

"We can probably slip out in a few hours. Will you stick around?"

"You had your one free pass. I'm not that easy. I'll wait until we've had an actual date this time." I'm not sure where the sudden nerve came from. Normally, I had trouble forming coherent sentences around Dylan.

His eyes widened. "Doesn't a plan to take you out tomorrow night count?" He reached out to run a hand down my arm again.

"Nope. Maybe you'll get lucky tomorrow night." I hoped it came across as flirty and not stupid.

He tugged on my arm to pull me back. "I better. I've been waiting weeks for you." He looked into my eyes.

"If you say so." I turned and caught a murderous look from Amanda. What the heck was that for? I was wearing my pledge pin and a button on my purse. What else was I supposed to do? I smiled, pretending not to notice the glare. I walked off in search of my friends.

"Juliet?" I looked up into Kyle Bradley's blue eyes. They were eerily similar to his brother Dylan's.

"Hey, Kyle." I'm sure my jaw was on the floor. Kyle had really grown up since the last time I'd seen him. He was bigger, broader, and-dare I say-sexier.

He gave me a hug and then took a step back. "You look amazing."

I looked down at my outfit. I guess he liked short skirts. If I'd still been working through Amy's list, my skirt probably counted as an outfit that would have given my dad a heart attack. "Thanks."

"You're pledging Delta Mu?"

"Yup. I'm guessing you're pledging here."

"Yeah, my dad was an Omega too...it's kind of a family thing."

"Cool."

He shrugged. "Maybe."

"What dorm are you in?" I went for the question every freshman asked.

"Dells. You?"

"Maude."

"Cool. So, you and Dylan, huh?"

"He told you what happened?"

"Uh, yeah. At first I thought he was trying to rub it in my face, but he was really trying to find out if I had your number."

"Yeah... I kind of forgot to give it to him."

"I was hoping you'd taken off because the sex was so bad you finally had him out of your system, but no such luck, huh?"

I laughed. Wow, way too close for comfort. "We'll see how it goes."

"Hmm, interesting response."

I playfully punched his arm. "Don't read into it."

"Oh, I will."

"Hey, pledge, I need you to clean up a mess," Ryan shouted at Kyle.

"What mess?"

"This one." Ryan turned over his cup of beer and spilled it all over the floor. Everyone turned to stare at us.

What a jerk. "Oh my god."

Kyle shrugged. "You've got to love being a pledge."

He handled it better than I would've. It was hard enough for me to keep my mouth shut, and I wasn't the one being hazed. "Oh yeah."

Ryan took a step toward us. "Pledge!"

"See you around." Kyle walked off to find something to clean up the beer.

As soon as Kyle was gone, Ryan joined me. "Dylan's out back. I'll take you to find him."

"What was that for?"

Gone was the friendly guy from earlier. "A word of advice: don't flirt with another guy at your boyfriend's house-especially not a pledge."

"First of all, I wasn't flirting. Second of all, it was Dylan's brother. And thirdly, I'm not Dylan's girlfriend."

Ryan shook his head. "Really? Does Dylan know that?"

"I'm going to go find my friends." Ryan really annoyed me with the way he treated Kyle. Pledge or not, there was no excuse for it.

"I'll help you."

"What, you afraid I'm going to hook up with a random pledge?"

He laughed. "You're not that stupid."

I pushed through the crowds and finally spotted Cara and Mallory talking to some guys.

"Hey, I thought we'd lost you...but I see you've found someone else." Cara winked.

I didn't bother to introduce him, but Ryan did it himself. "I'm Ryan."

"Nice to meet you." Mallory smiled.

"You decided to ditch Dylan already?" Cara laughed.

"So funny."

Ryan turned his attention to the other guys. "In case you haven't heard, this is Dylan's girlfriend, Juliet."

"Girlfriend?" Cara and Mallory asked at the same time.

Cara let out a surprised noise. "You've been holding out on me."

"We're kind of dating." I gave Ryan my deadliest stare.

"I can't wait to hear this story." Cara nudged me with her shoulder.

Ryan just stood there with his arms crossed.

"You can go now." I made a shooing motion with my hand. He really brought out an awful side in me, and we'd just met.

"I'll tell Dylan you were looking for him." He stormed off.

"What did you do to Templeton?" one of the guys talking to my friends asked.

"I'm guessing that's Ryan's last name..."

"Yes."

"He isn't always that pleasant?"

"Usually he's only like that with the pledges, but that's his job. He's pledge master for the third year in a row."

"Third year? Wow, he must like that job."

"Yeah...he's into it."

"Dave, do you guys live here?" Cara asked, thankfully pulling the conversation off me.

"Yeah. You want to see my room?"

"Not tonight, but maybe some other time." She gave him a flirtatious smile before catching my eye and Mallory's. It was time for a memorable exit.

As soon as we reached the street, we busted out laughing.

"Are you ready to tell us about Dylan?" Mallory grinned.

"Our families have vacation homes next to each other's, so we've known each other for years. A few weeks ago, we randomly hooked up."

"Define hooked up." Cara looked ready to pull the details out of me.

"What do you think it means? We had sex."

Mallory grinned. "Clearly, he's back for more."

"Maybe..."

Mallory pulled a piece of gum out of her purse. "He's an upperclassman, right? So he has a car? I hate that we can't have ours until next year."

"That settles it. I'll sleep with him every night if he'll drive me places." I shook my head.

"Just saying it might be convenient."

"And sex is all about convenience..."

Cara laughed.

***

I'd just changed into pajamas when my phone beeped, signaling a text. It was almost midnight, and I knew who the text would be from before I looked.

Get to the house now. Amanda had impeccable timing. I pulled on a zip-up sweatshirt and a pair of flip flops.

Cara waited for me by the stairs. "I might kill Amanda."

"Remind me again why I wanted to do this?"

"It'll be worth it. That doesn't mean we have to like it."

"Well, at least I wasn't sleeping yet." I sighed.

We caught up with a few of the other girls in our pledge class as we reached the porch of the large, white house.

"Let's go, girls." Amanda tapped her foot impatiently as we filed in. It took every ounce of effort to avoid giving her the finger. I clearly wasn't made to be a pledge.

We filed into the pledge room and waited. "I'm sure you're wondering why we asked you here tonight."

"Yes," we all said.

"Our friends over at Kappa need a few of you to help them. Mark and Aaron are here now to decide who."

"Help?" The word left my mouth before I could stop myself.

Amanda gave me a patronizing smile. "Yes, Juliet. Help."

"What kind of help could they need?"

I could feel all eyes on me, but I didn't care. I wanted to be in Delta Mu, but I wasn't doing any sexual favors or anything.

"Not what you're thinking."

We all let out a collective sigh of relief.

"We're doing a trade. We're getting some of their pledges to help us with projects around the house. A few of you are going to help them do the same."

"Did you handpick them too?" Cara asked.

Amanda smiled. "Yes."

A knock on the door let us know the guests had arrived.

"Stand up," Amanda snapped. We all obliged and followed her back downstairs. Men weren't allowed upstairs. Two guys waited for us at the bottom of the stairs. Looking at the Kappas always made me wonder how they did anything but work out at the gym.

They looked over us like predators eyeing prey. My stomach turned. Lord knew what kind of projects they had in mind. I assumed Amanda wasn't handing us over as prostitutes, but that didn't mean it would be enjoyable. I hoped I wouldn't be picked.

That hope was pointless. 'You.' The first guy pointed to Cara. "And your two friends." It was obvious he was talking about Mallory and me. And 'you,' 'you,' and 'you' the second guy pointed out three more girls.

The first guy smiled. "We expect you at the house at nine o'clock tomorrow morning. You will not be leaving until nine o'clock p.m."

I guess I wouldn't be having dinner with Dylan after all.

They headed toward the door but then stopped. "Oh, wear black skirts."

Black skirts? What kind of housework would we be doing in skirts?

Amanda released everyone but the lucky six. "Girls, I'm sure I don't need to remind you that you will be representing Delta Mu. I expect you to be on your best behavior."

I bit my tongue to keep my mouth shut.

We walked out and waited until we were almost back to campus to start venting.

Mallory let out a deep breath. "Let's make a pact right now. If things get too crazy, we all leave."

"Agreed," Cara and I said together.

We reached Mallory's dorm. "Have a good night. We'll meet you here at eight fifty."

"All right, see you then." We hugged her goodnight and walked back to our dorm.

"What do you think your friends at Phi Omega are going to think of this?" Cara asked before we got up to our floor.

I groaned. "Dylan's just going to love it, especially when I cancel our dinner plans."

Cara patted my shoulder. "Oh, the drama."

"Night." I waved and walked into my room.

My roommate was still out, which was good. I needed to call Dylan. It's not like we were serious or anything, but canceling dinner with a guy to spend the day at a different frat wasn't an easy thing to explain to anyone.

I hoped he wouldn't pick up. The party would still be loud. I took a seat on my purple comforter as I hit call.

"Hey, where are you?" he yelled over the music.

"I'm back in my room."

"Oh. Hold on a sec." I heard some muffled talking before it got quieter. "Sorry, I went up to my room so I could actually hear you."

"You live in the house?"

"Uh huh. I'm looking forward to showing you my room tomorrow night."

"About that..."

"Oh no. That's not a good way to start a sentence."

"I have to cancel. It's a pledge thing."

He sighed. "Fine. It sucks, but I know it's not your choice. When do you get out? Maybe we can get drinks instead."

"I should be done at nine."

"Okay, I'll pick you up at your house."

Great. I wouldn't be at my house. "I'll need to change, why don't you meet me outside my dorm at nine-thirty?"

"What dorm?"

"Maude."

"Okay, I'll see you at nine-thirty then."

"Great. Good night."

"Good night, Juliet."

Chapter Five

To:

"I told you it wasn't exciting." He sprawled out on his bed, propping himself up with a pillow.

"Are you just going to watch me search for your dirty clothes?"

"Yes." He put his hands behind his head.

"Great," I mumbled.

"Would you rather be cleaning up down there? Do you want to have a room full of guys hollering at you while you scrub a floor?"

I turned to him. "No. I'd rather be home sleeping."

"If you're tired, you are welcome to join me." He patted the bed beside him.

"Really? Oh my god, I can't believe you'd be so generous."

"I like you, Juliet. You're feisty and fiery, and I just know we're going to be good friends."

"Friends? That's likely...but what are the rules today?"

"I can't force you to do anything of a sexual nature." He grinned wickedly. "But you know, if you really want to, it's fine if it's your idea."

"Oh yes, because I'm just dying to rip my clothes off and have sex with you."

He laughed. "I was just putting it out there."

"Don't put anything out there. I already have enough on my plate trying to figure out one frat guy-"

"Another one? My, you've been busy in the week you've been here. Who is he?"

"None of your business, and it didn't happen this week. Ugh, why am I even telling you this?"

"I don't know. Why are you?"

I laughed, not sure what to say. "I'm going to take care of your laundry."

I searched his floor for dirty clothes, careful to avoid bending over in front of him. I refused to make it any more enjoyable than I had to.

After a few minutes of silence, Reed spoke again. "Who is he?"

"Why do you care?"

"I don't, but I'm bored."

"Then go do something." I finished putting the last of his dirty clothes in a hamper. I was careful to make the most minimal contact possible with his underwear. "Where's the laundry room?"

"The basement. I'll take you." He hopped off his bed and opened the door. "After you."

I hoisted the overflowing hamper. Couldn't he at least lug it?

"I believe in equal rights," he whispered in my ear from right behind me. He was enjoying this way too much.

"Equal rights. Sure."

"What? Don't girls like that?"

"No comment."

I groaned and headed downstairs. I quickly realized I had the good job. Reed wasn't exaggerating. My friends were cleaning with a bunch of guys watching, making obscene comments, and drinking beer. Yes, drinking beer at ten a.m.

"This way." Reed opened another door.

I thought about how I could be walking into a torture chamber, which made me think about walking into Christian Grey's playroom. I laughed. I was sure plenty of girls would like doing that with Reed, but I wasn't one of them.

"What's so funny?" He flipped on the light.

"You don't want to know."

"I bet I do."

I put his hamper down on the floor. "Do you usually separate your darks and lights?"

"Why would I do that?"

"Okay... I'll just do lights." Most of his boxers were dark, so I wouldn't have to touch them.

I sorted through the hamper and threw clothes in the washer.

"Where are you from?"

I figured it couldn't hurt to make conversation. "Maryland. Right outside D.C."

"Yeah? I have cousins there."

"Where are you from?" I poured in detergent.

"I went to high school in Charleston."

"Cool, where?" I turned on the washer. It was an old model and extremely loud.

"West Ashley."

"Oh, that's cool." I leaned back against the dryer.

"Ready for your next job?"

"Sure. I can't wait."

"We're going back to my room."

"Why?" I wasn't worried this time. If he was going to try something, he would have done it already. He'd been surprisingly well-behaved.

"I need to change."

"I'll wait downstairs." I definitely didn't need to watch him change.

"Not a chance. Let's go."

"Fine." I followed him back upstairs. It was quiet. "Where is everyone?"

"Out back, hanging out."

"What?" Maybe I did get the bad job.

"You didn't really think they were going to clean all day, did you?"

"Then can't I go?" I started to head toward the back door.

Reed gently touched my arm. "Nope. I'm not done with you yet."

"This isn't fair."

"Life isn't fair."

I followed Reed upstairs where he promptly pulled off his shirt. Wow, the guy was in incredible shape. He could have been on one of those exercise equipment commercials where you know the guy wouldn't be caught dead using the stupid equipment he's selling. Every inch of his chest and abs was perfectly sculpted. It wasn't my fault-it was impossible not to gawk at him.

He grinned when he caught me staring. "Like what you see?"

"Nope. I'm not into the 'roid look." I preferred my men fit but not too built-like Dylan.

"It's all natural, baby."

"Do you live at the gym?"

"Funny you ask that..."

"Why?"

"That's our next stop."

"We're going to the gym?" I took a step back, nearly tripping on a sneaker.

"Yup, you're spotting for me."

"What? I can't spot you."

"Sure you can. You kick ass at laser tag and can carry tons of dirty clothes. You're capable."

"Oh, this is going to be fun."

He smiled. "It will be."

I followed him out through the house. The streets were fairly empty as we headed to campus. I guessed most people were sleeping off their hangovers. I liked the emptiness, though. There was something relaxing about it. "What year are you?"

"I'm a junior."

"Oh, I thought you were a senior."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah." A car raced by. I took a step closer to Reed to move away from the street. In the dorms, it was easy to forget we were in a city, but if you left campus at all, you got the reminder real quick.

"I know the real reason you're asking. Yes, I'm twenty-one."

"Why would I care about your age?"

"You're probably already coming up with ways to ask me to buy you booze."

"Excuse me?" I crossed my arms. "I'm dating a senior. I don't need your help with that." I didn't mention that I also had a fake ID. I wasn't going to use that more than I needed to.

"Oh... mystery frat guy again, huh?"

"His name's Dylan if you have to know."

"I don't have to know, but it's good to know. Dylan Bradley?" He said the name with distaste.

"Uh huh. You know him?"

"Unfortunately..."

"I'm sure there's a story there."

"Not as good as the one you have with him." He glanced at me.

"That's not one I'm going to share." Not with Reed or anyone else if I could help it. I still couldn't believe I'd hooked up with him like that.

Reed laughed. "Oh, come on. Now I have to hear it."

"It's not that good. We've known each other for years, and we're kind of dating."

He shook his head. "No way. There's more."

"What's your story?"

"I don't have one. I just know he's a pompous ass**le."

"As compared to you?"

"I'm not pretending to be citizen of the year, but I'm also not trying to date a nice girl."

"Nice girl? I'm a nice girl?"

"Aren't you?" He looked at me questioningly.

I shrugged. "Sometimes."

"You're something else, Annie." He held open the gym door.

"Why do you keep calling me Annie?"

"Because you're a good shot."

"And Annie relates to that because..." I waited for Reed to swipe his ID for entry. I followed him.

"Annie Oakley."

"Ohhh." The gym was as empty as the streets. Reed quickly climbed the stairs and headed to the weight room. I trailed behind.

"Sharp one, huh?" He went right over to the free weights.

"What am I supposed to do?"

He moved over to a bench. "You can work out too if you want."

"In this?" I gestured to my outfit.

"You can't lift weights in a skirt?"

"I could... but I'd rather be in gym clothes."

"You like to complain, don't you?" He set himself up with a barbell that I'm sure weighed a lot more than I did.

"You know what?"

"What?" He lay back.

"Arrh. Forget it. Just lift your damn weights."

"I plan on it."

I took a seat on a bench. "Why'd you single me out?"

He started to lift. I forced myself to look away. "Isn't it obvious?"

"No."

He took a moment to answer, probably because he needed to catch his breath. "I wanted to mess with you."

"Great." I refused to look at him the rest of the time he worked out. I purposely stared at everything else. It was a nice weight room, something I hadn't cared much about when I'd taken a tour of the school. I was more of a cardio and light weights at home kind of girl. Luckily, Reed didn't actually ask me to spot.

"You ready?" He wiped sweat off his forehead. Lovely.

"It's not up to me. Is it?"

"I guess not."

I followed him out and back to his house. I could still hear everyone out back.

"I'm going to shower. You can wait in my room."

"Seriously?"

"Yes, seriously. I'll only be a few minutes."

I decided to use the time to snoop. I know it's rude, but if he didn't want me to, he shouldn't have made me wait for him in there. I didn't open drawers or anything. I just sorted through the stuff that was out-and there was lots of it. After looking at some books-mostly history-I guessed that was his major. I found a t-shirt with the name of a local pizza hangout on it.

Reed walked back into his room with a towel wrapped around his waist. He might not have been my type, but looking at him with water dripping down his chest did a number on me. He noticed, and I didn't appreciate the smirk.

"Having fun?" Reed closed the door.

I deflected his question with one of my own. I held up the t-shirt. "Al's Pizza? Do you work there?"

"Yeah, I run the place for the owner most of the time."

"Really?"

"I've been working there a few years."

"Cool. You wouldn't happen to be hiring, would you?" It was a long shot, but I really needed to find something part-time.

A slow smile spread across his lips. "Are you looking for a job?"

"I kind of need one."

"I'm sure I could find you something."

"Really? No interview?"

"I think doing my laundry and putting up with me in the gym is enough of a test."

"Awesome. When can I start?"

"Eager, huh?"

"I really need the money." That was putting it mildly. I'd spent the last of my lifeguard money on sorority dues.

"You can start tonight." He ran a hand through his wet hair.

"Aren't I stuck here until nine?"

"I'm not actually going to keep you that long."

"I kind of have plans at nine-thirty."

"With Dylan?"

"Maybe."

"Turn around."

"What?"

"I don't care if you watch, but you seem kind of uptight."

"Oh." I looked down.

He laughed. "Okay, it's safe."

I glanced back as he pulled a t-shirt over his head.

"I'm going in at five. You can work from then until nine-thirty and have him meet you there."

"Okay, that might work."

"Good." He tossed his towel onto his desk chair.

"Am I really free to go?"

"Sure. I bet your friends are already home."

"What was the point of all this anyway?"

"There was no real point...that's the whole idea. You did what you were told without questioning it." He smiled. "Well, you questioned it."

"That makes no sense, but thanks for the job."

"Not a problem. I think you'll be an entertaining addition to the staff."

"You think so?"

"Yeah...that's a safe assumption."

Chapter Six

To:

"Here, you need to fill these out." Reed placed some paperwork in front of me.

I started to search for a pen, and he placed his in my hand. "Take your time. We have nothing better to do."

I finished filling out my info, and we sat around talking for a while. Before I knew it, an hour had passed, and my stomach growled.

"Want to get something to eat?"

"Sure...where?"

"I usually run over to the Subway across the street. You think you can hold down the fort here?"

I glanced around the empty restaurant. "I think I can handle it."

"Good. What do you want?"

"Turkey, cheese, lettuce, tomato, mayo, and hot peppers."

"Hot peppers?"

"What?"

"Most girls don't order those." He studied me.

"Well, I happen to like things spicy."

"Good to know." He grinned before walking out.

The door had just closed behind Reed when I got a text from Dylan. Where are you?

I told you I was busy until nine.

I want to see you so bad. Can you get out early?

Maybe. I'll let you know.

Do that.

Only if you say please.

Please.

I wasn't sure how I felt about Dylan's texts. On the one hand, they were rude, but on the other hand, there was something thrilling about him pushing to see me.

I'd just shoved my phone back in my purse when Reed returned with our sandwiches.

"You got me a foot-long?"

"Yeah..."

"Do you really think I can eat that much?"

"Yes. I also got you chips." He tossed my food on the counter.

"What do I owe you?"

"It's on the house. You did do some of my laundry today, after all."

"Thanks." I belatedly realized I didn't even have any money with me. I only had my ID, phone, and key in the back pocket of my skirt.

I ate half my sandwich and some chips, enjoying the comfortable silence we'd fallen into. Maybe Reed was right. We would be friends.

My phone beeped again. Another text. We're having a small party at the house. Come ASAP.

I shook my head. So much for drinks.

"Who is that from?" Reed asked.

"Dylan."

Reed grabbed my phone and read it. "You're not going to show up, are you?"

"Why not?

Reed snorted. "That isn't even an invitation. A piece of advice: make a guy work for it. It'll only make him want you more."

I took my phone back. You're supposed to take me out first.

You're the one who cancelled on dinner.

We settled on drinks.

Just come over whenever you're done.

I glanced up, and Reed shook his head.

No. I hit send before I could chicken out. I wanted to see Dylan, but I wasn't going to let him bully me. Besides, maybe Reed had a point about it making him want me more.

He didn't reply, so I put my phone away. "Now what? I just wait for him to call me?"

"No. You don't wait for anything. You do what you want. If he really likes you, he'll find a way to see you."

"You seem to be all about the advice thing."

He ignored my comment, crumbled his wrapper into a ball, and threw it into the garbage.

"Nice shot."

"Thanks. Your turn."

"Okay, I'm guessing you don't want this extra half?"

"Nope."

I tossed it, missing the trash. I started to get up, but Reed stopped me. "I've got it."

I pulled out my phone when he got up.

"Quit checking your phone."

"I'm just checking the time."

He sat down again. "Likely story."

Reed turned on the TV, settling on college football. We sat watching a game for a while. Georgia vs. Florida. I knew from my brothers that this was supposed to be an incredible year for Georgia. I kept the fact that I actually understood football to myself. Reed already thought I was weird for liking hot peppers.

"It's a quarter to nine. I can close up for a few and walk you back."

"No thanks. I can walk alone."

"Not a chance. Either you stay until closing, or I'm walking you."

"I'll stay."

"Yeah?" He looked kind of happy about it.

"I'll get paid, right?"

He laughed. "You've been on the clock since we got here."

"Cool."

"You used it again."

"Are you going to point that out every time?"

He crushed his soda can. "Not every time."

At nine-thirty-five, Dylan texted me again. Are you on your way?

No.

Reed smiled. "Good. Trust me. It's better this way."

Why not? Where are you?

Working.

Reed leaned over to look at the screen.

You have a job?

Yes. I was going to get off, but you cancelled on me.

Reed laughed. "You're really getting the hang of this."

I didn't mean to cancel. Still want to get drinks?

No thanks. Maybe another time.

Reed cracked up. "Wow."

"What? Isn't that what I'm supposed to say?"

"I think so..."

Where are you working? I really want to see you.

"Should I tell him?"

"That depends. Do you want him to come here?"

"I want to see him...I think."

"Then sure. He's going to find out eventually."

Al's Pizza.

Are you serious?

Yes.

On my way.

Reed chuckled. "Oh, this is going to be interesting."

"Ugh, I hope not."

"You don't like interesting?"

"Not when it involves me."

Reed laughed again. His laugh was deep, and it fit him perfectly. "I'll remember that."

I tried to fight down my nerves at seeing Dylan again. I knew he probably wasn't thrilled he'd had to come and find me.

The door burst open a few minutes later. "You really were being serious." Dylan skipped the hello.

"Yes. I was so qualified for the position that I was hired on the spot."

Dylan turned to Reed. "I'm sure that's why he hired you."

"I don't know what you're implying." Reed stared him down.

"So, Juliet, what happened to being busy with your sorority?"

"I was-am."

"How can you be doing that if you're working?"

Reed jumped in before I could respond. "Here, let me make this simple. We did a pledge exchange with Delta Mu. Juliet was my assistant today. End of story."

"Your assistant? If you laid a hand on her-" Dylan slammed a fist on the counter.

"You'll do what?" Reed didn't seem fazed by Dylan's antics.

"What? You don't think I can take you?"

"No. But that's beside the point. I haven't touched her."

Dylan scowled. "Let's go, Juliet."

"Oh, um."

"You can go. I'll see you on Monday." Reed wasn't asking.

"I'll wait for you outside." Dylan walked out.

"Sorry...he's just..."

"An ass. I know. What I don't get is why you'd agree to go out with him. But what do I know?"

"Yeah... it's complicated. I've known him forever."

"Gotcha." His disbelieving look was at odds with his words.

I pulled my t-shirt over my head before walking out. Reed winked at me, and I looked down. My tank top was pulled down almost completely exposing my bra. I fixed it.

"Thanks for...well, thanks for making today much better than I expected." I'd actually had some fun. Plus, I had a job.

"Don't you mean, 'thanks for the cool day?'"

"So funny." I folded up the t-shirt. I'd be stuck carrying it around the rest of the night.

"You'd better go before he comes back in here. I don't think I can stop myself from punching him the next time he talks to you like that."

"Why do you care?"

"Because he has no right. It's wrong."

"All right... I'll see you soon." Who knew Reed was such a gentleman? I smoothed my skirt and walked out.

Chapter Seven

"Is this all a plan to make me jealous?" Dylan put a hand on my lower back and pulled me toward him.

"No."

"Are you sure?" He brushed his lips against my ear.

"Yes."

"I don't believe you."

"You should. I really needed a job."

"Why?"

"Because I need money..."

He mumbled something under his breath.

"What did you say?"

"Don't worry about it."

"Okay..."

"Do you want to come back to my house? Like I said, we're having a little party."

"Could we do something else? Coffee maybe?"

"You want me to take you out for coffee?" He stopped in front of his car. A black Audi SUV.

"Is that a problem?"

"Of course not." He opened the passenger door for me. "I just thought you might like to get to know my friends."

I waited for him to get in. "It has nothing to do with trying to get me back to your room?"

He grinned. "I was hoping that would happen no matter what we did tonight."

I looked out the window. It was dark and hard to see the stores lining the street.

He started the engine and put a hand on my leg. "I'm glad we're on the same page. I was worried when you skipped out on me that you regretted it. I know I don't at all...I'm ready for it to happen again."

Damn my body's response. Even knowing how lackluster the first time had been, I wanted him. It had to have just been a fluke, and the foreplay had been good..."I need you to be honest with me."

"Sure."

"Are you just looking for someone to hook up with? I know it sounds weird, but a one night thing I can do, but I'm not interested in a friends-with-benefits setup."

"I don't want that either. I have no intention of sharing you with anyone."

"But will I be sharing you? Obviously, you don't owe me anything exclusive but-"

He put his hand on the back of my neck. "You're the only one I want. I already told you I've wanted you for a while. Now that I've had you, I'm not interested in settling."

He ran his fingers down my neck, and something about it drove me wild. Maybe it was thinking about what else those fingers could do. "We can skip the coffee."

"Are you sure?" He gave me an amused smile.

"Yeah. We can get some next time."

"Or tomorrow morning...that is, if you actually stay the night this time."

"That really upset you, didn't it?"

"Of course it did. I asked you to stay, but you didn't. I had no idea where you went."

I shrugged. "I'm sorry."

"Apology accepted. Just don't do it again."

I didn't say anything while Dylan drove the short distance to his house. He parked right out front, and met me on my side of the car. "Get used to waiting for me to open your door."

He wrapped an arm around my waist and led me up the front steps. He opened the door, and loud voices greeted us. The house was set up completely differently than it had been the night before. Large couches filled with people took up what had been open space.

"Juliet!" Jana ran over and hugged me. It took me a second to recognize her with her hair curly. She usually wore it straight.

"Hey."

"Finally, I'm not the only Delta Mu." She turned back to the group. "Everyone, this is my favorite pledge, Juliet."

Favorite? I doubted that. She must have been trashed.

As Jana steered me toward her seat on the couch, Dylan intercepted. "You're the reason I had to wait hours to see her."

"It wasn't my fault. Blame Amanda. By the way, Juliet, I'm so sorry about that. I heard the guys weren't too bad, though."

"It was fine."

"And it won't be happening again." Dylan said it as if he actually had authority over the decision. Who knows? Maybe he did.

"And the girls who weren't there today will have to do something later on. It will all even out in the end." Jana finished off her drink.

"Great." I knew I didn't sound enthusiastic, but I was too busy trying to calm my nerves. I hated the effect Dylan had on me.

"What can I get you to drink?" Dylan nodded toward a guy-who I assumed was a pledge-holding a tray.

"Oh, I'm fine."

"Come on. What do you want?"

I refused to admit that I didn't know. The first and only time I'd been drunk was when I'd checked it off my cousin's list. I'd accomplished that with wine coolers at my friend Marie's house. Not something I'd recommend...watermelon doesn't taste as good coming back up.

"Really, don't worry about it."

Dylan gave me a funny look. "She'll have an amaretto sour, and get me my usual."

He led me over to a spot on the couch that was barely big enough for one, let alone two. His solution was to have me sit on his lap.

I couldn't have been more uncomfortable as everyone stared at us. I'd met a bunch of the guys and some of the girls the night before, but it was one thing to meet them standing. It was something completely different to face them while sitting on top of a guy.

Dylan whispered in my ear, "You need to wear skirts every day. You have incredible legs." He ran a hand up my leg, not stopping when he reached my skirt. He left his hand on my thigh. If I thought sitting on his lap was uncomfortable, having Dylan's hand up my skirt made it so much worse. I shifted, subtly trying to get him to remove his hand. All that accomplished was getting him aroused. I figured that out pretty quickly. In case I hadn't noticed the large bulge pushing into me, Dylan filled me in. "I want you so bad."

The pledge returned with our drinks, sparing me from making a reply.

"Thanks."

He nodded and let his eyes roam to my legs. "No problem." He handed Dylan his drink. "Here, sir."

"Did you just check out my girl, pledge?"

"No."

"Good."

The pledge didn't wait to be dismissed.

I struggled to move off Dylan's lap, but he used his free arm to stop me. "Where do you think you're going?"

"To sit somewhere else."

"Why?"

"This isn't particularly comfortable."

"It's your fault."

"I didn't mean that."

"Well, I like you where you are." He took a sip of his drink.

I used Dylan's momentary distraction to stand up. I didn't look at him as I stood, sipping my surprisingly good drink. I'd have to remember it. It was better than what I'd had the night before.

I looked around the room. Everyone was busy in conversation-that is besides Ryan. He eyed me with an amused smile. "Dylan, it looks like your girl is anxious to get to your room."

Not exactly. I couldn't have been less in the mood.

"Not as anxious as I am to get her up there." Dylan walked toward me. "I'll let her finish her drink first."

I knew without looking that everyone in the room was staring at us. Mortification had taken on new meaning. Did they have to make it obvious to everyone? Maybe I could sip my drink so slowly that people would forget by the time I finished.

Dylan watched me.

"What?"

"I'm just enjoying the view."

"Can't you stare somewhere else?" He only attracted more attention.

"Nope, I want to look at you." He reached out to touch my face.

I'd been so brave at the beach house, but I was nervous. I couldn't do it. There was no way I was walking upstairs to his room when everyone in the house knew we were about to have sex.

"If you don't finish that drink in thirty seconds, I'm carrying you upstairs."

"Dylan, I don't think-"

He brushed some hair that had fallen out of my bun from my face and leaned over to speak quietly. "We don't have to do anything you don't want to. You know that."

"So, it's okay if I go?"

"If I really thought you wanted to, I'd take you home right now. I think you want to stay but you feel embarrassed. Am I right?"

"Yeah." I tried to smile. At least he got it.

"I'm sorry. I could have done this better. I just like showing you off."

"I'm nothing to show off." I looked down.

"Oh, Juliet, you most definitely are. Every guy in here, even the ones with girlfriends, wants to be me right now."

I'm sure I blushed. "You don't have to say things like that."

"It's the truth. Why do you think you got the job? That guy wants you."

"No, that's not true."

"It is, but it's okay because he can't have you. I'm not sharing you." He leaned over and kissed me. There was nothing gentle about the kiss. He pushed into my mouth. It took me a moment to respond, but I couldn't help it. The guy could kiss. By the time he pulled away, with a huge grin on his face, I was like putty in his hands.

He smiled, brushing a finger over my now swollen lips. "Ready?"

"Yeah."

"Good." He took my cup from me and set it down on the bottom stair.

Taking my hand, he led the way. Cat calls followed us. "Have a good time, you two!" I knew that was Ryan.

We were almost out of sight when Dylan slapped my ass. "Don't wait up for us. We won't be coming back down tonight."

"Was that necessary?"

"Completely." He opened up his door and switched on the overhead light. I looked around. The main furniture in the room was a double bed pushed against the wall, a dresser, and a desk under the window. Everything was neat and orderly. It was exactly the opposite of Reed's room. The background picture on his computer was from the beach at Kiawah. Nervous as I was, it was comforting to see a familiar image.

Dylan closed and locked the door. "Finally, I have you to myself." He didn't waste any time. His arms wrapped around my waist, and he leaned down to kiss me. I groaned as his tongue once again pushed its way into my mouth. He moved a hand under my tank top and bra. He squeezed my breast harder than I'd expected.

He didn't seem to notice. He used his other hand to unbutton my skirt and tug it down over my hips. By the time it hit the floor, he had his hand moving underneath the cotton fabric of my panties. I definitely hadn't worn that pair with the intent of having sex. They were light purple and definitely not sexy. I don't think he noticed them before pushing them down as well. He stopped kissing me long enough to pull off my tank top and to unclasp my bra. He took a step back and watched me. I instinctively covered myself with my arms.

"Nuh uh. No covering yourself." He pulled the hair tie out of my hair.

I'd never felt more exposed. I was completely naked, and he was completely dressed. Something snapped. "I can't do this."

I started getting dressed.

"Juliet, no. Stop."

"No. I'm going."

"Why? You were totally into it."

"I-"

"Wait, you're not self-conscious about your body, are you?"

I looked down, relieved to at least have my underwear and bra on.

"Aren't you the girl who was skinny dipping?"

"Not really. That isn't what I'm normally like. Plus, it was dark out, and I was caught up in the moment by the time we got to your room."

Dylan turned on his lamp and turned off the overhead light. He walked over to the bed and pulled back the blanket and sheet. "You're not getting away with this every time, but I want you comfortable."

"Oh. You still want to, then?"

"Are you crazy? Of course I do. You get me all worked up and then try to run out on me." He reached out and took my hand. "Now please, can we get back to where we were?"

I nodded.

"Good." He led me over to the bed.

I sat down while he took off his shirt.

"You want to help?"

I unbuttoned his pants and unzipped his zipper. He stepped out of his jeans and then his boxers.

"It looks like I get to undress you a second time." He reached around to unclasp my bra, leaning over me so I had to lay back. He pulled off my panties, tossing both garments aside.

"Look at me, Juliet. You have an amazing body. Don't be embarrassed to let me see it."

I nodded.

He picked me up to move me to the center of the bed, resting my head on his pillow. "I need you, Juliet."

He put his mouth on my breast and his hand between my legs. It didn't take long to get me back in the mood. I was so close to complete satisfaction when he moved his hand. "Not until I'm inside you." He ripped open the wrapper of a condom.

My body wanted to argue with him, but it didn't have a chance. With one thrust, he was in, and then a few more and it was over. It was even worse than the first time.

"You're so perfect, Juliet. You're absolutely perfect for me." He moved off me and reached over to turn off his lamp. Was he seriously going to bed again? After that?

He lay down on his back. "Put your head on my chest, baby. I want you close."

I did as he asked without meaning to. I was still trying to accept that the first time wasn't a fluke-Dylan sucked in bed. Either he didn't get the concept of satisfying a woman, or he didn't care. The only thing he had going for him was foreplay, and he didn't even finish what he started.

"Juliet?"

"Yeah."

He ran his hands through my now tangled hair. "You don't have to worry about being quiet. No one cares, and I don't want you holding back. I want to hear how good I make you feel. "

What could I say to that? "Okay."

"Good night."

"Good night," I mumbled.

Chapter Eight

At least his bed was comfortable. That's what I kept telling myself as I tried to fall asleep. If you've got to recover from unsatisfying sex, at least do it on nice sheets and a good mattress. It was a lot better than the dorm-issued one I usually slept on.

Even with the ultra-comfy sheets, I was still wide awake an hour later. The worst part was that I really needed to use the bathroom. Finally, I untangled myself from Dylan's arms and legs. I searched in the darkness for my clothes, but couldn't find my skirt anywhere. After a few minutes of frenzied searching, I decided to throw Dylan's boxers on with my tank. They were better than nothing, and I really needed to go. I hoped everyone was still downstairs.

I quietly left his room, relieved when I heard shouting and laughter from the first floor. I tried to count the doors on my way to the bathroom. There were no numbers, and knowing my dumb luck, I'd end up in the wrong bed.

I found the bathroom, and it wasn't nearly as disgusting as I'd expected. Clearly, the boys paid for a cleaning service. I was washing my hands when I heard the door open behind me.

"Nice look."

Ugh Ryan. "It is, isn't it?" I dried my hands and turned around.

"How'd you convince Dylan to let you out of bed? I'd have thought he'd have you tied down all night."

"What?" Oh my god. Was Dylan into bondage and hadn't mentioned it yet? Bondage and bad sex? Not happening.

"So you couldn't run out on him again. Wait, what did you think I meant?"

"Nothing." I crossed my arms, wishing I'd put my bra back on.

"Oh." He grinned. "As far as I know, he's not into that. But if you are, he'd probably go for it."

"No. And we're not talking about this." I tried to move past him.

"Don't f**k with him, okay?"

"Excuse me?"

"He's a pain to be around when he's upset. Try not to upset him."

"Okay...so along those lines, can you move so I can get back?"

"Sure. Have fun."

"Not likely," I mumbled.

"What was that?" he called after me.

"Nothing." I walked down the hall and back into Dylan's room. I took his boxers off, but kept my tank and underwear on.

I'd just gotten comfortable when Dylan reached out to me. "Hey, baby. What are you doing all the way over there?"

I didn't turn toward him. Maybe if he thought I was sleeping, he'd go back to bed.

No such luck. His arm wrapped around my waist as he kissed the back of my neck. "Why are you wearing clothes?"

I didn't answer.

"Are you really that uncomfortable being naked with me? I swear I'm going to get you over this."

I bit my lip to keep myself from laughing. I had to put him out of his misery. I rolled over to face him. "I'm wearing clothes because I went to the bathroom."

"You went to the bathroom in just this?" He ran a hand over my legs.

"I wore your boxers."

"Oh?"

"I couldn't find my skirt."

"Can I get rid of the shirt now? It's in my way." He moved his hand underneath my tank and stroked my stomach.

"You seem to be managing just fine."

He ignored me, pushing the tank up over my head. "That's better." He kissed my neck, his lips moving down.

"How did you just go from sound asleep to this?" I asked.

"You have that effect on me." He moved a finger under the elastic of my panties. "These are also in my way."

"I don't think so. You might be waking up, but I'm finally ready to sleep."

"I won't-"

I didn't hear what Dylan was going to say because his door burst open. I pulled the blankets up around me as the light burned my eyes.

"Dylan why aren't-" Kyle stopped mid-sentence, noticing me in the bed. Could the night get any worse? "Oh, shit. Hi, Juliet."

"Hi. Could you just leave for one minute so I can get dressed? Then Dylan is all yours."

"No, Jules. You don't have to go anywhere." Jules? No one called me that.

"Kyle, can you hand me my clothes?"

"Oh, sure." He tossed me my skirt. It had been stuck under Dylan's desk chair. He took a little longer tossing over my bra. My tank was right next to the bed where Dylan had thrown it.

"Thanks." I started dressing under the covers.

Dylan sat up, nearly exposing me in the process. "Is there a reason you're interrupting us?"

"Yes, of course. And for future reference, lock your door when you have company."

"I did." Dylan looked at me. "Juliet must have forgotten when she got back from the bathroom."

"Oh. Well, I left you two messages. Mom called. Dad's in the hospital."

"What? Is it his heart again?"

"Yes. He's going to be okay, but he has to take it easy. Mom wants you to come home for a few days to help."

"Me? Why not you?"

"It's freshman year, and I'm pledging. I can't."

"Fine. I'll leave in the morning."

I finished dressing and pulled back the blankets. "I'm sorry about your dad." I found my flip flops and tried to slip past Kyle, but he stopped me.

"Juliet? Wait. Are you going back to your dorm? I'll walk you."

Dylan patted the bed. "You should stay here. It's late, and I'm not leaving tonight."

"I'm going to go. This was, uh, fun though. I hope everything goes okay at home."

Dylan started to get up but stopped. He probably remembered he wasn't wearing anything. "Why are you so against staying?"

"I'm not. I wasn't. It just feels weird now."

"I'll call you."

"Okay, cool."

I walked into the hall but hesitated when I heard Dylan yell, "What the hell, Kyle? I could kill you right now."

"If she was having a good time, she would have stayed anyway."

"Shut the f**k up."

It was time to leave. I knew walking home alone at night was dumb, but I wanted to get away. I looked straight ahead as I passed through the first floor to the front door. I sighed with relief when I reached the street.

"Juliet! Juliet, wait up!" Kyle sprinted to catch up with me.

"I'm fine. You don't have to walk me."

"I want to. It's really late."

"No kidding."

"I'm sorry. I didn't know you were there. I didn't mean to embarrass you."

"It's fine. I'm the one who chose to sleep with him again."

"I wish you'd choose to sleep with me."

"What?" My jaw dropped.

He held his hands up in defense. "Sorry, I'm joking. It's just the way you said it."

"Whatever. I just want to get home."

"You shouldn't waste your time with him."

"You're saying that about your own brother?"

"Yes. He's an ass**le and doesn't deserve you."

"I'll keep that in mind."

He stuffed his hands in his pockets. "Want to do something tomorrow?"

"Like with our friends?"

He hesitated a moment before answering. "Yeah, exactly."

"Sure. Just call me."

"I need your number."

I programmed it into his phone.

"Cool. I'm sorry again for embarrassing you."

"It's not a problem." We reached my dorm. "Thanks for walking me back."

"My pleasure. See you tomorrow."

"Good night."

Tally was already sleeping when I got back to my room. I brushed my teeth, washed my face, and pulled on some PJ's. My bed might not have been as comfortable as Dylan's, but at least it was mine.

Chapter Nine

To:

"I don't know, actually. I'm guessing some Phi Omegas but hopefully not too many." I'd seen enough of those boys last night. I was still embarrassed.

"I'm in."

"Cool." Tally and I had gotten along so far, but we hadn't hung out. I figured a day together might be good for our roommate relationship.

I decided on the red bikini again and threw on a white sundress over it. I picked out my oldest flip flops in case I lost them. Twenty minutes later, Tally and I were waiting out in front of the dorm.

A yellow Jeep wrangler pulled up. It was the kind that actually had a backseat, but there wasn't much space back there-it was meant for two and not three-especially when two of the occupants were tall guys.

Kyle hopped out and turned to Tally. "You can sit up front."

"Thanks." Tally smiled and took the seat Kyle had vacated.

"After you." Kyle gestured for me to slide into the sorry excuse for a middle seat and got in after me.

The pledge who'd been checking me out the night before sat on my left. Fantastic. The car lurched forward, and I grabbed onto Kyle to avoid flying out of my seat. I searched around for a seatbelt and couldn't find one.

"I've got you." Kyle put an arm around my waist. I contemplated shrugging him off, but it seemed better than nothing.

I leaned over to get a better look at the driver. Yup, another Phi Omega. "Kyle, does this happen to be a fraternity floating trip?"

"Technically, yes."

I glared at him. "Then why did you tell me you were going with some friends?"

"I am. These guys are my friends."

"Don't you think Dylan's going to think it's weird that I'm going floating with Phi Omega while he's away?"

He leaned in to whisper in my ear. "Who cares?"

I pulled away. "I'm not one hundred percent sure what's going on with your brother and me, but I don't particularly want to upset him."

"Chill out, Juliet. You guys have hooked up a few times. He can't decide what you do and don't do."

Tally turned around in her seat. "Don't worry. We'll hang out and do our own thing."

"Thanks."

"That's cool as long as it involves me. I didn't see you at all this summer. We need to catch up."

"How long is this car trip? Let's catch up now."

He laughed. "Only twenty-five minutes."

I looked out the window. I loved how Southern everything was in Charleston. The moss-covered oaks and the houses with columns and huge porches.

"What did you do this summer? Other than Dylan, that is."

I glared at Kyle again. "If you're pissed at me, why'd you invite me today?"

"I'm not pissed. It was a joke." The humor in his eyes matched his words.

"Fine. I worked as a lifeguard at the community pool back home."

"Didn't you do that last summer too?"

"You remember?"

"Of course I do." He ran his free hand through his dark brown hair.

"What did you do?"

"Not so fast. That can't be it. I doubt you worked every minute."

"I hung out with my friends. There isn't much else to tell."

"Did you do anything cool for graduation?"

"Not really. There were some parties, but that's it. I'm guessing you did something."

"I spent a few weeks in Europe, and I was down at the beach for most of July."

"Oh, I guess we missed each other."

A Journey song came on, and the driver turned up the radio.

"Yeah...who knows what would have happened if I'd come down at the end of the summer instead." He adjusted his arm around me.

"Who knows?"

"Is that an acknowledgement that you might have hooked up with me instead?"

Did we really have to have this conversation with other people around? Even if his frat brothers already knew about my hookups with Dylan, I didn't need to have it broadcast.

The pledge next to me-I still didn't know his name-laughed. For some reason, more than the laughter, it annoyed me that he hadn't introduced himself. "Who are you?"

"I'm Gregg."

"Hi, Gregg."

Kyle ran his hand down my arm. "Yes or no?"

"No. I wouldn't have." I wasn't going to let him make me sound like a slut.

Kyle brushed my hair away so he could whisper in my ear again. "If it had been me skinny dipping with you, you wouldn't have let me take you home?"

What? He knew about that part? I figured he only knew we'd hooked up. The only reason I didn't kill Kyle then and there was that the music was so loud that I didn't think anyone else heard.

He must have noticed my expression. "Yes, I know all about it. Dylan didn't spare any details."

"Lovely. Just lovely."

"Trust me. I didn't want to hear it. I've wanted you for so long, and then he just took you."

"He didn't 'just take' me." I felt my anger rising.

"Just so you know, it doesn't change anything. I'm still interested..."

"What?"

"I'm just saying... I hate that you're with him, but I'd still want to date you."

"Do you realize how bad that sounds? I'm dating your brother, and you're trying to ask me out?"

"He knew how I felt and went after you anyway. I'm not doing anything wrong." He ran a hand through my hair.

Maybe he wasn't-but I sure felt like I was. "Kyle-stop."

"Fine. We can stay friends for now."

"How do you know that's even still an option?"

"Because it is."

"I can't decide who's cockier, you or Dylan."

Kyle laughed. "I'm not cocky. I'm just realistic."

Thankfully, the rest of the ride went quickly, and we arrived at the float place, a small shack with piles of tubes and a couple of rusty old school buses parked around it. I took a deep breath before getting out of the car. I really had no desire to spend the day wearing a bikini around a bunch of frat guys.

Fortunately, there were a few other girls there-including Jana. "Juliet, hey! I didn't think you'd be here because Dylan's not."

"Yeah... Kyle invited me."

"Oh. That's cool." Her look said it all. She was trying to figure out if I was sleeping with both of them. I'm sure she wasn't the only one wondering that.

Kyle slung an arm around my shoulder in what he was probably trying to play off as a friendly gesture. After our conversation in the car, it felt like anything but that. "Dylan wouldn't want her to miss the fun."

"Are you sure about that?" Ryan gave me a look I couldn't quite read. I hadn't noticed him joining us.

Kyle smirked. "I'm positive."

"You're on keg duty, Kyle." Ryan pointed to the tailgate of his SUV. "Get it set up, and don't leave it for the rest of the day."

"Is that some sort of punishment?"

"You can't spend the day flirting with your brother's girlfriend if you're serving everyone."

"Let's make this easy. Tally and I will do our own thing. Someone can give us a ride home after." I grabbed Tally's arm.

"Sounds good to me." She smiled. Maybe the roommate thing wouldn't be so bad.

"And how does that help? What, you think Dylan would rather you go off on your own and meet up with one of the other four frats out here today?" Ryan looked at me like I had two heads. "No way. You're with me today, Doll Face."

"Doll Face? Are you kidding me?"

"I think it fits."

"Tally?" Ryan's tone got friendlier.

"Yes?" She looked him square in the eye.

"I'm glad you're here. Enjoy yourself." I didn't miss the fact that he didn't tell me to enjoy myself or the lingering glance he gave her.

The guys loaded a bunch of tubes into the back of the school bus that would be driving us to the launch spot. This would be my second school bus ride in a week.

I tentatively pulled off my cover-up and left it in the Jeep. I had a history of losing anything I brought with me on float trips, and I didn't particularly want to ride home in just a swimsuit. Tally did the same, probably feeling about as comfortable as I did.

"Finally. I thought I was going to go into withdrawal." Kyle grinned.

"Withdrawal from what?"

"Seeing you in a bikini."

I smacked his arm. "Don't."

"What?"

"Ready?" Ryan joined us at the car. His eyes went right to my chest and didn't leave it for an awkward few seconds.

"Yes, but you don't need to wait for me. I'm more than capable of walking the few feet to the bus." I hoped he'd get the point that there was no way he was babysitting me out of some weird devotion to his friend.

"I'm definitely waiting for you." Ugh. His eyes moved down again.

"What were you saying about my not hanging out with Kyle today?"

"He'll be too busy. Come on." He turned to Kyle. "Go move the keg."

Kyle winked before walking away.

I turned to get Tally, but she was talking with Gregg. I smiled. At least one of us would have a good time. I turned my back on Ryan but kept a distance from Tally. I didn't want to mess anything up for her.

I refused to look at Ryan even as we walked to the bus.

Tally took a seat. I was about to slide in next to her when she gave me a look. I grinned, moving out of the way for Gregg. I sat down in the seat behind her. Ryan sat next to me.

"You know, there are plenty of other girls to bother today-and none of them are already dating your best friend." I always had an edge to me, but Ryan multiplied it by ten merely by being in close proximity. Make that by twenty when he opened his mouth.

"I get what Dylan likes about you."

My chest. I kept that thought to myself. "What?"

"You're spunky."

"Spunky?"

"Yeah. You've got an attitude, but it works for you. It comes across as sexy."

I laughed. I had to. No one ever called my attitude sexy. "Whatever."

"It's true. Add in your body, and I definitely understand what has him so bent out of shape. If I'd seen you first, I probably would have gone for you, too."

"Sorry to disappoint you, but I wouldn't have gone for you." I crossed my arms.

"See, there's that attitude." He smirked. "But just so you know, when you cross your arms like that, you show me more cle**age."

"Argh. Next time I'm wearing a one piece."

"Please don't."

"I don't get you."

"What don't you get?"

"One second, you're mad because you think I'm flirting with Kyle. Now you're checking me out."

"I can look. If that's all I thought Kyle was doing, I wouldn't care."

"They're brothers."

"So? I thought you knew the Bradleys."

The bus started moving. It got uncomfortably bumpy as we jostled over the dirt road. "I do."

"Then you should know how ridiculously competitive they are. Kyle's always trying to take what's Dylan's."

"Have they liked the same girl before?" My curiosity got the best of me.

"No, it's usually not about girls."

"Are you going to expand on that?"

He looked torn for a second. "No. That's for Dylan to tell you, but it's about their dad's business."

"Fine. But just so you know, you do not have my permission to look."

He laughed. "Good luck enforcing that. We're going to be spending a lot of time together today."

"How would you feel if I sat here ogling you?"

"I wouldn't mind." He opened his arms. "Look all you want, baby."

"Baby? What happened to Doll Face?"

"You're still Doll Face."

The bus stopped, and I waited for Ryan to get out of the way so I could get off the bus. He made me go first. I suspect it was so he could stare at my ass, but I couldn't prove it.

I went around the back of the bus for a tube, but Ryan got there first. "I've got us."

"What?"

"There are some doubles."

"Nuh uh."

"What?" He held up the two black tubes tied together with rope.

"I am not floating in a tube tethered to yours."

"You don't have a choice."

"I'll get another."

"What other?"

I turned back toward the bus. Everyone else had grabbed their tubes-there were none left.

"They don't have extras?"

"Nope."

"Come on."

The bus pulled away, leaving me standing there as everyone else got into the water. I watched Kyle and another pledge tie the keg onto a tube. I wanted that tube.

"Let's do this." Ryan walked toward the river holding my only means of getting home.

I groaned. "I want Dylan."

Ryan held the tube for me to get in. "My goal is that you'll beg for him by the end of the day."

"Go easy on me." I pushed my sunglasses down from the top of my head.

Ryan jumped onto the tube next to me, splashing me in the process. "All right, do you want your first cup?"

"Of beer? It's ten-thirty."

"We can wait. What should we talk about?"

"Can't we just enjoy the scenery?" It really was gorgeous. The bank was surrounded by trees.

"The scenery, huh? I'll enjoy the scenery." He gave an exaggerated nod toward my chest.

"What's Dylan going to say when he finds out how you've been talking to me?"

"Because you're going to tell him?"

"I could."

"You know what he would say, don't you?"

"What?"

"He'd get mad at you for wearing such a revealing swimsuit without him around to watch."

"No, he wouldn't. You act like we've been dating for months. We haven't even been on a real date yet."

"I guess you made a big impression."

"Did he really tell you about me before that party?" I still couldn't believe it.

"Oh yes. I've never heard him like that. Usually, he just hooks up with girls. He had one girlfriend freshman year, but they didn't last long. He said you were different. I think he's been into you awhile, but didn't want to get locked up for statutory rape."

"He never even noticed me in that way before." I thought about the past few summers when I'd done everything to get his attention. He told me I looked good in red once. I had a lot of red clothing-like the bikini I had on.

"So you've liked him a while too?" Ryan put on his sunglasses.

"Oh yeah." I figured there was no reason to lie.

"Then what's up with you flirting with Kyle?"

"I don't flirt with Kyle."

"Yes you do."

"I don't." I closed my eyes and leaned back.

"A piece of advice. Dylan likes you a lot, but if he thinks you're into anyone else-especially his brother-you're not going to last long."

"I'll keep that in mind." I dipped my hand into the warm water.

"You do that."

Chapter Ten

To:

"At least you'll get good tips." Tally shrugged.

"If anyone actually comes in. I don't understand why I need to be there before nine o'clock, but if they want to pay me for sitting on my butt, I'm all for it."

Cara laughed. "Have fun."

"Will do."

I grabbed a zip-up sweatshirt on my way out the door so I'd have it for my walk home. I headed straight through the center of campus. It was pretty deserted. I made it to Al's with a few minutes to spare.

"Hey, Ms. Oakley." Reed didn't look up from his book when I walked in.

"How'd you know it was me?"

"Who else would come in now?"

"So you were being serious? We're not going to have customers for hours?"

"Nope. I always prep, but trust me, we won't need to touch anything until at least eight."

I stopped next to the counter. "I'm glad I brought my books."

"Good." He finally glanced up. "Wow...you know how to make a t-shirt look good."

"Shut up."

"What? I don't remember it looking quite so good the other day."

"I somehow managed to shrink it. When you give me my other shirts, I'll need an extra."

"Would you mind shrinking them all? It might make work more interesting." He grinned.

"You know, I really thought you were a decent guy, but maybe you are a jerk and-"

"Hold that thought." He walked into the back and came back with a handful of shirts.

"Take your pick."

"Thanks. Sorry about the jerk thing."

"I had it coming."

I pulled out a few articles we had to read for history class and noticed that Reed was reading the same thing. When I finished, I put them away and messed around on my phone.

Reed set aside his work. "Want to learn how to make a perfect Al's Pizza?"

"I thought I wasn't going to be cooking?"

"You're not. But maybe you'll have to one day."

"All right. Why not?" I stuffed my phone into my back pocket.

"We make the dough in big batches ahead of time, so it's really not hard." Reed walked into the back and stopped in front of a large, deep sink. He washed his hands, and I did the same.

"The fridges and freezers are back here." He disappeared around the corner, and I followed. He opened a large refrigerator and pulled out a container of dough. "Do you know how to toss a pizza?"

"Do I look like I know?" I bit back a smile. I had a feeling he actually enjoyed his tutorial.

"Maybe, maybe not."

"I have no clue."

He went through it step by step. He rolled out the dough and made me try to toss it. I dropped in on the table twice before I got it.

"You're a fast learner."

"Yeah, you know, I have mad skills."

He let me do the sauce and cheese part myself. I think he found the whole thing amusing. It was a nice distraction from my school work. Still, I was more than happy to let him take over after the first pie. I took a seat and watched him make a couple more. "The guys will make the rest when they come in. What do you want for dinner?"

"Does it honestly taste that bad? Do you knowingly serve horrible pizza?"

"Want to find out?"

"Not particularly, but I guess it's important to actually know what I'm selling."

Reed took the first pizza to one of the industrial ovens. Twenty minutes later, we sat in a booth with the pie between us.

Reed grinned. "Dig in."

"Should I be scared?"

"It's not going to make you sick or anything. It's just not the best pizza ever."

He was right. It tasted like a cheap frozen pizza from the grocery store. "Point taken. I won't ask again."

He laughed. "I think there's something about the dough that makes it actually taste good when you're drunk, but when you're sober, not so much."

"What do we do now?"

"Clean up, and do more work."

"I really think I'm going to get used to this.

Chapter Eleven

To:

"Oh. You care?" I knew he wouldn't be thrilled, but he was fuming.

He laughed dryly. "Do I care? Hmm, let's try this a different way. How would you feel if you left town to see your dad who was in the hospital and found out I spent the weekend with your sisters while practically naked."

"Oh. I didn't think about it that way. Kyle invited me, and I didn't realize it was a frat thing. Once I did, it was too late."

His expression darkened further. "You were okay going alone with Kyle?"

"No. My roommate was with me."

"That makes it better? How do you think it felt to come back and hear every f**king guy in this house talking about your rack?"

"They've been talking about me?"

"Yes. Yes they have."

"Look. I'm sorry. Trust me. If I could do it again, I wouldn't have gone. But if it makes you feel any better, I spent the whole time talking to Ryan about you."

Dylan finally smiled. "That's what he said."

"Are you really mad?"

He moved toward me. "I was."

I looked up at him, feeling guilty as hell, even though I didn't actually do anything. I kept picturing him flirting with Amanda in a bikini. "But not anymore?"

"It's too hard to stay mad at you when you look like that."

"Like what?" I looked down at my t-shirt and jean skirt.

"Like this..." He put his arms around my waist. "Besides, those guys might have gotten to look at you this weekend, but I'm the only one who gets to touch you." He cupped my breast through the t-shirt. "Or taste you." His lips crushed against mine, as he used his free hand to cradle my head. We'd had frenzied kisses before, but this one was more intense, and god, Dylan could kiss.

I barely realized we were moving, but somehow I ended up on his bed.

"I need you, baby. I've been going crazy." He pulled my t-shirt over my head, quickly unclasping my bra and tossing it. He pulled off his own shirt before moving his mouth to my breast. At the same time, he unzipped my skirt and tried to pull it off. It got stuck on my hips, so I moved to help him.

"No." He moved his mouth. "I get to undress you."

There was something almost frightening about the way he said it. I shrugged it off. Dylan wasn't scary. I nodded and let him take off my skirt and panties before taking off his shorts and boxers.

"Tell me you're mine."

"Hmm?" I tried to speak, but his hand had moved between my legs, distracting me.

"Tell. Me. You're. Mine." He looked right at me.

I felt so good. I would have said anything in that moment. Maybe if I distracted him, he'd finish this time. "I'm yours."

"Say it again."

"I'm yours."

Within seconds, he moved his hand and thrust into me. He had been so close. I grabbed his hand, placing it where I wanted it, but he moved it away. I closed my eyes, knowing how quickly it would be over.

***

I actually enjoyed spending the night with Dylan. He was an excellent cuddler. He held me all night, and barely let me go when I had to leave to get ready for class.

I got back to my dorm in time for a quick shower before my writing class. I still didn't know what book to write about. I'd have to figure it out at work that night. When I took the same seat in history, I was glad when Reed sat next to me. I'd never really had a guy friend before-unless you counted elementary school.

"How's life treating you?" His face was cleanly shaven, and he smelled faintly of some sort of aftershave.

"You know. It's life."

"I'm starting to think you have multiple personalities."

"Why's that?"

"I can't shut you up at work, but in class, you won't even answer a question."

I opened a Word document for the day's notes. "What's the major difference between the two occasions?"

He set up his laptop. "You're not a morning person, are you?"

"Not at all." I put my head in my hand. "I'm guessing from your chipper mood, you are a morning person."

"I like morning and night."

"Aren't you special," I grumbled.

He laughed. "Do you drink coffee? Maybe that would help."

"Yes. I didn't get home-I didn't get a chance to get some this morning."

"Oh no. I caught that. You didn't get home in time to get one. Were you with Dylan?"

"That's none of your business."

"Maybe not, but for curiosity sake, how are things going?"

"They're going well." There was no reason to say anything else.

"Yeah? Did he take you somewhere nice last night?"

"Why does that matter?"

"He didn't, did he? I thought we've gone over this..."

"It just happened. He was pissed at me when he got back in town-" I glanced down at my book, wanting to look anywhere but Reed's face.

"Why was he pissed? What could you have possibly done?"

I was spared having to answer when the professor walked in. I sat back in the uncomfortable desk chair and waited for the professor to start his lecture about the home front during World War I. I glanced around the room. Almost everyone zoned out, but I was actually enjoying it. Reed was as well. At least, he listened and took notes. That was more than the majority of the class did.

The professor finished right on time at ten fifty.

Reed packed up his stuff. "I need to run somewhere at four. If I give you the keys, can you open up tonight?"

"Seriously? What happened to not trusting me?"

"I'll make an exception this time."

"Okay. I'll do it."

"Great. Here." He took a ring of keys from a larger keychain.

"Okay... but what time will you be back?"

"I'm not sure, but in time to get stuff ready for the actual customers."

"All right, boss."

"Thanks, Annie. See ya." He waved before walking away.

I couldn't help wondering what he had to do instead of work, but I lost my opportunity to ask.

Chapter Twelve

To:

Subject: Hey

Dear Amy,

Don't worry, I'll figure it all out. Are you having fun yet?

Your Strong and Independent Cousin,

Juliet

I unlocked the door to Al's right at four-thirty. I turned on the lights and looked around. I got to work pulling down the chairs and setting up the tables. I'd never actually been there to watch Reed set up, but I just did the opposite of what we did at closing. Twenty minutes later, I set up my laptop at the counter, determined to start writing my paper. Before I could even open the blank Word document, the phone rang.

I got up to answer it, hoping it was a wrong number. When I'd agreed to open, I'd assumed I'd just be sitting around. I hadn't signed up to actually do anything. "Hello."

"Hi. Who is this?" a deep voice replied.

"You called me, remember?"

"Actually, I called my restaurant."

Oh geez, it had to be the owner. "Oh. Sorry. I'm Juliet. Reed hired me."

"Is Reed there?"

I let out a deep breath, hoping I wasn't about to get Reed in trouble. "No. He said he had to go somewhere."

"Oh. So he left you by yourself?"

"Yes."

"Interesting." He paused. "I called to give Reed a heads up that I was coming in today."

"Oh. What time?"

"Now. I'm in the car."

"I guess you'll get to meet me then."

"I guess so." He laughed. "You said your name was Juliet?"

"Yes."

"Nice. I'll see you in fifteen."

"Bye."

Fifteen minutes? The owner was going to show up in fifteen minutes? I shut down my laptop, stuffing it in my bag before stowing all of my stuff in the back. I texted Reed an SOS message, but he didn't reply. I looked around, trying to remember how Reed prepped everything. I managed to turn on the ovens when I heard the jingle of the door. I smoothed down my t-shirt, glad this one fit appropriately.

"Hello?" a male voice called.

I plastered a smile on my face and came out from behind the counter. "Hi."

"Hi, Juliet. I'm Al." A man who couldn't have been much older than thirty-five held out his hand. He had sandy brown hair with just a hint of gray.

"It's nice to meet you. Thanks for the job, by the way."

"Hiring is all Reed. I like to leave it to his discretion."

"Oh, okay, that's how he made it sound."

Al walked around me to the back. "How do you like working here so far?"

I followed behind him. "It's been nice. I just started this week."

"This week? Reed must trust you, huh?"

"I guess...or he didn't have other options. No one else comes in before eight..."

He checked out all the equipment. "Not to be too forward, but how did you and Reed meet?"

"At an event my sorority and his fraternity were having." That was the simplest explanation.

"Oh. You must have made quite an impression for him to have offered you a job..."

"Yeah..." I guess Reed didn't make hiring random girls a habit. I thought about it. I was the only girl who worked there.

"Sorry, I'm not trying to embarrass you."

He walked back out to the counter and took Reed's usual stool.

"Have a seat."

I nervously sat, tugging my skirt down a few inches first.

He noticed and tried to hide a smile. "You don't have to be nervous. If Reed hired you, he had his reasons. Your job isn't on the line."

"Okay, good."

"You didn't mention it earlier. How long have you and Reed been dating?"

I felt blood rushing to my face. "Oh, we're not dating."

"Okay...I guess I read this wrong."

"We're friends-one hundred percent friends."

"Oh."

"Yeah. I have a boyfriend."

Al smiled. "Good to know."

"Sorry, you didn't ask that. I was just-"

"Relax. I try to stop by whenever I'm in town." Thankfully, he ended that embarrassing line of conversation.

"You don't live in Charleston?"

"My home base is here, but I travel a lot."

"That makes sense."

He smiled again. "Where are you from?"

"Maryland. Outside D.C."

"What brought you to Harrison? I assume that's where you go?"

"Yes. My grandparents have a vacation home down here, and my cousin went to Harrison."

"Got it."

My phone went off-blaring Michael Jackson's Thriller. It was a joke between my brothers and me.

Al laughed. "Aren't you going to get that?"

"Yeah." I got my bag and pulled out my phone. "Hey, Reed."

"What's up? I just saw your message."

"Al's here."

"Seriously?" His voice went into panic mode.

"Yeah."

"Be right there."

"Good." I hung up.

Al glanced at me. "Reed's on his way?"

"Yes."

"Great." He sounded calm. Hopefully, that meant Reed wasn't in trouble or anything.

"Yeah." I sat back down. This was seriously awkward.

After what felt like an hour later but was probably only ten minutes, Reed walked in. "Hey," he said to both of us. Reed was dressed in slacks and a button down shirt. I'd never seen him dressed up before.

Al turned to Reed. "Nice of you to show up. I've just been getting to know Juliet who isn't your girlfriend because she has a boyfriend."

I wanted to hide my head in my hands.

Reed nodded. "Yeah, she's definitely not my girlfriend." What was that supposed to mean? Would he have been embarrassed to admit it if I was?

Al glanced at me before turning back to Reed. "If I were you, I'd change that, but I'm not you."

"Nope. What's up? I didn't know you were around."

"Your mom wanted me to talk to you."

"Oh?" Reed looked nervous, like it wasn't a conversation he wanted to be part of.

"Yeah. She was hoping you'd come up for Thanksgiving."

Reed put his hands in his pockets. "She knows what my answer is. I don't get why she keeps asking."

"We can shut down for the break. We never get any traffic that weekend. Or why not let Juliet run the place? She's doing a great job." Al grinned at me.

"We'll see." Reed looked out the window. He seemed distant, and I wondered what was up with his family.

"It's time to stop making excuses. Life's too short to hold grudges." Al got up and patted Reed on the back in a really familiar way. I was almost positive their relationship went beyond employer and employee.

"Well, as fun as this has been, I'm going to leave you two. Pleasure meeting you, Juliet."

"Uh, you, too."

Reed followed Al out, and I just stood there. He returned a minute later. "Sorry about that."

"Yeah, that was kind of awkward."

"I had no clue he was stopping by."

"I figured that much."

"If it's any consolation, he liked you." He put his bag down behind the counter. It was a briefcase kind of bag, not the backpack he usually carried.

"Who is he?"

"Al. The owner of this place."

I leaned back against the counter. "That's not what I meant, and you know it. Who is he to you?"

"My uncle."

"Oh."

"I lived with him for my last few years of high school."

"Oh, cool." I wanted to know more, but at the same time, I didn't want to be rude. What I really wanted to know was where he'd been.

"You're dying to know where I went today, aren't you?"

I laughed nervously. "How'd you know?"

"It's the look on your face. It's a total giveaway."

"I'll try to be less obvious next time."

"I volunteer at a school downtown. They had a mock debate today, and they wanted me to judge."

"Really?"

He unbuttoned his shirt, revealing an Al's Pizza t-shirt underneath. "Yeah."

"That's-"

"Wait, let me guess. You think it's cool." He tossed his dress shirt on top of his bag.

I laughed. "Yes. I think it's cool."

"Other than Al, did anything happen in the hour I left you here?"

"Unless you count that order for twenty-five pizzas, no, nothing unusual."

"Good to know. Well, feel free to get work done or whatever. I'll take care of the rest of the prep."

"Thanks." I pulled my laptop back out and opened Word.

"What are you working on?" he said from right behind me. I guessed he was looking at my screen.

"The first assignment for my writing seminar."

"Yeah? It doesn't look like you've gotten too far."

"Very funny. I have no idea what to write."

He sat down next to me. "What's the assignment?"

"It's supposed to be easy, an analysis of our favorite book."

"Where's the problem?"

"I don't have a favorite book."

"Because you don't read?"

"Of course I read. I just don't have a favorite."

"Just pick a book you like."

"But that's like saying one's better than another."

"They're books, not people. You know that, right?" he said really slowly. "Here, try this."

"What?" I asked as he moved behind me.

His hands covered my eyes. "Name a book."

"What are you doing?"

"Name a book."

"Why?" If I had any doubt before, I now knew his hands were strong. They felt strangely comfortable on my face.

"Just do it, Juliet."

"One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest."

He removed his hands. "There you go."

"That's not my favorite book."

"Then why'd you name it?"

"Because you're acting crazy, and it's a book about crazy people."

"It is not a book about crazy people...it's so much more than that, but I'll let your comment slide."

I turned around to look at him. "I take it you're a Ken Kesey fan?"

"Wow, you know the author. That settles it. Get out of here, find a copy, and write the paper."

"Like, go to the library?"

"Yes. Ever hear of it? I'm giving you a few hours off-to do work. Not to hook up with Dylan. Oh, and if you can get back by nine, that would be great."

I ignored the Dylan comment. "Thanks. That's nice of you."

"You helped me out earlier."

"Okay, I'm off to the library." I grabbed my stuff.

Chapter Thirteen

Two hours later, I was halfway through the book. I was also ridiculously hungry. I texted Reed to see what he wanted for dinner. I was starting to get used to how things worked at Al's. I worked with Reed until eight or nine when a few other employees came in. I basically did nothing and got paid. All in all, it was a good system. Reed said he'd eat anything, so I picked up burritos on my way back.

"I hope you like chicken queso." I handed Reed the bag.

"Love it. Good choice, Annie."

"Would you please stop calling me that?" I unwrapped my burrito. Smelling it the whole walk over had been torture enough.

"Does it really bother you?"

"Yes. I keep thinking you don't know my name or something."

"I know your name, Juliet."

I used a napkin to wipe up a few drops of hot sauce that had spilled onto the countertop. "Good."

"How about if I call you Oakley? Does that bother you?"

"Not really. At least it's not another girl's name."

We'd just finished dinner when Justin and Danny walked in. Those guys seemed to work every night, which made sense because they only worked four or five hour shifts. They were the ones who usually made the pizzas. I took the orders and brought the food out to people if they didn't want to stand around and wait.

I didn't expect such a large crowd on a Wednesday night. I knew Thursdays were big, but the middle of the week? I recognized a lot of the people from around campus, but it was different seeing everyone in going-out clothes and obviously drunk. By ten o'clock, I was exhausted. Of course, that's when Dylan and his friends decided to walk in.

"Oh no," I groaned when I noticed them maneuvering through the crowds.

"What's wrong?" Reed asked. "Oh, great."

"You really don't like him, do you?"

"Look who's talking. You're sleeping with him, and you aren't happy to see him."

Obviously Reed was right. I was sleeping with Dylan, but it still felt weird to hear him say it so bluntly.

I wanted to run into the kitchen. You'd think I'd no longer be nervous about seeing Dylan-but I was. I still had that same churning stomach reaction. It was always worse when he smiled at me-which he did the moment he saw me.

I was ringing up a couple of girls from my biology class and tried to ignore the way Dylan watched me. I closed the register, and it was Dylan's turn. He wasn't alone. A whole group of his brothers and some pledges stood nearby. There were also a handful of girls, including Tally. I guessed Gregg must have invited her.

Tally waved. "Hey, looking good, roomie."

"Ha, thanks. What can I get you?"

"We need a few pitchers and maybe three pepperoni pizzas," Ryan ordered.

"How many's a few?"

Dylan played with a plastic display on the counter. "Make it four."

"Four it is." I rang them up. "That will be forty-eight sixty."

Dylan put down a fifty. "It doesn't leave much for a tip, but I'll tip you later."

My stomach did a summersault and not in a good way. Was it normal to have that reaction to the thought of having sex with the guy you were dating? Probably not.

"Don't worry about it."

Dylan didn't move.

"I need to keep helping people." I forced a smile.

Dylan ignored me. "What time do you get off?"

"Midnight."

"All right, I'll come back to get you."

"Oh, that's okay. Reed's going to drive me home." I turned to see Reed glaring at Dylan.

"Is that right?" Dylan gave him the death stare right back. "That won't be necessary. I'll be bringing Juliet home with me."

"Oh. I'm going to stay in my room tonight." I so didn't want to be discussing that topic at work with tons of people around.

"Why would you do that?"

"Because I need a good night's sleep."

"You don't sleep well at my place?" For the first time, he looked a little worried.

"I do, but I sleep better in my own bed."

"But I sleep better when we're together. You'll just have to get used to it."

Did he really mean that? Did he just like having someone with him, or was it specifically me? "Do you really sleep better when I'm there?"

"Yes. I'll pick you up after work."

"She said she didn't want to." Reed pushed his way in front of me.

Dylan tensed. "I'm not talking to you."

I edged back in around Reed. "I can handle this."

"No, you can't. Your jackass boyfriend is holding up the line." He turned to Dylan. "You can sit down. We'll bring the pies out. Juliet, go help Justin in the back."

"What?"

"Go, Juliet."

I wanted to stand and argue, but technically, Reed was my boss. I'd never heard him talk that way.

I asked Justin if I could help, but he didn't want any.

I didn't have long to wait. Reed stormed into the back. "What the hell was that? Do you always let him boss you around?"

"Excuse me?"

"Why do you act like his little slave? It's pathetic."

"Did you just call me pathetic?" I glanced at Justin.

"Justin, go out front." Justin nodded and hightailed it out of there. No one usually questioned Reed.

"Are you going to apologize?" I tried to hold back the tears I knew were coming.

"Juliet. I didn't mean it. I just think you should be with someone else. At least take a break from him."

"Quit trying to play big brother. I have two of my own already."

"I'm not playing big brother. I just won't put up with that in my restaurant."

"It's not your restaurant."

"It may be called Al's, but who runs the place?"

I wrung my hands. "Oh, so every interaction I have here is your business now?"

"Yes. I'm not going to have my employee harassed."

"He wasn't harassing me."

"Juliet."

"I'm not doing this. If you're going to act like this, I'll find another job."

He reached out and touched my arm. "No. I'm sorry. I was out of line. It was just the way he was looking at you. It was condescending."

"Calling me pathetic is condescending."

He moved his hand. "I never should have said that. You aren't pathetic. I overreacted."

"All right. I should probably get back to work, though."

Reed nodded, and I headed back to the counter to ring up a few more people.

Dylan and Ryan had already grabbed the beer, but Justin and I carried over the pizzas. Dylan scowled at him. I was almost positive he'd somehow be mad at me for all of this.

"Thanks, Juliet." Tally smiled. She was sitting with Gregg, but I caught her throwing Ryan a flirtatious look. Who knew what she was getting herself into?

"Enjoy your pizza." I turned to leave, but Dylan grabbed my wrist. "I'll pick you up at midnight."

"I really need to get some sleep."

"Are you sure?"

"What do you mean?"

"Oh nothing." He stood up. "I was just wondering if you were using that as an excuse to get your supervisor to drive you home."

"Of course not."

"Are you positive?" He moved his hand up my arm. "Because I thought we already established we were exclusive."

"We are."

"Okay. Just making sure we were on the same page. I'll see you in a few hours."

"Not tonight. Maybe tomorrow?"

He let out a deep breath. "All right. Dinner first?"

"I work again."

"Two nights in a row?" He leaned in closer to me.

"That way I get weekends off." It was hard to think with Dylan so close to me. Why did he still have the ability to affect me so much?

"Then lunch. It's about time I take you out."

"I can do lunch. I have a break between classes at noon."

"Are you on the main quad?"

"Yeah."

"Same. I'll meet you outside Sanders Hall at twelve."

"Great, I should get back to work." I glanced over my shoulder. Reed was staring.

Dylan leaned over to whisper in my ear. "And don't forget you're all mine after work tomorrow night."

"All right. Have a good night." As I turned, he grabbed my ass.

When I turned back, he held his hands up in defense. "Sorry, couldn't resist."

"Sure." I rolled my eyes and went back to the register.

Reed looked pissed, but I could tell he was trying hard. "I'm going to keep my mouth shut."

"Good."

Twenty minutes later, Dylan and his friends left. He waved on his way out. I waved back. I let out a sigh of relief when the door closed behind them. The rest of the night went by in a blur, and before I knew it, I was getting into Reed's Toyota Tacoma so he could drop me off.

"Are you still annoyed at me?" He put his key in the ignition but didn't start it.

"No."

"Really?" He took his key out.

"I know you didn't mean it. Dylan can be a jerk."

He turned in his seat to look at me. "Dylan's more than a jerk. He's dangerous."

"Dangerous?"

"Yeah. First, it's telling you what to do, then it will be cutting you off from your friends. This is just the beginning."

"Reed, you're really reading too much into things."

"I'm not." He angrily buckled his seatbelt.

"How would you know? And what do you care? You don't even know me."

"I do know. Trust me. And why do I care? I don't want to see a nice girl get hurt."

"What if I'm not a nice girl? Maybe I don't mind it." I crossed my legs.

"Listen to yourself. That's bullshit. You deserve better."

"No, you listen. I've wanted Dylan to notice me for years. He finally has. I'm not screwing it up."

"Why him? What's so special about him? You can get other guys."

"I don't have to explain myself to you."

"It's because he's rich, huh? You're willing to let him buy you." He started the car.

"Buy me? You make it sound like I'm a prostitute. He's not buying anything. He hasn't spent a dime on me."

"And that's okay? Don't you think you at least deserve a guy who takes you out?" He smacked his hand against the steering wheel.

"He's taking me to lunch tomorrow."

"And that makes it all better. Right."

I moved to open my door.

"Where are you going, Juliet?"

"Home."

"Let me drive you. I didn't mean to upset you. I just think you deserve better."

"That's not for you to decide."

"Fair enough. I'll keep my mouth shut from now on."

"Will you?" I turned to him.

"I'll try. That's all I can promise."

We sat in silence as we drove toward campus.

"Do I still have a job?" I asked tentatively. The silence hadn't been the comfortable kind.

"What? Of course you do."

"I didn't know...you seemed pissed."

"I'm not going to fire you. You've got a job."

"Thanks." Despite my annoyance, I knew I wasn't going to find a job as good as Al's anytime soon.

"I'm guessing you don't want me to kill him?"

"No. I don't."

"All right."

"Good night." I opened my door.

"Take care of yourself."

"You, too."

Chapter Fourteen

To:

Dylan gave me a serious look. "I want to talk to you about something."

"Yeah?"

He didn't answer right away because the waitress came over to give us water.

As soon as she left, he put down his menu. "You don't have to work at Al's if you don't want to."

I sipped my water, unsure where the conversation was headed.

"You're doing it because you need extra money...but you don't have to."

"I don't mind it. It's an easy enough job, and I can usually get some studying done."

"But-"

He was interrupted when the waitress returned. Dylan quickly rattled off an order. "We'll have a volcano roll, spicy eel, rainbow roll, and a crunchy shrimp. Does that sound all right?"

"Oh. Sure." At least I'd heard of crunchy rolls. I liked those.

He waited until the waitress left. "As I was saying, you don't have to work there. I'm going to be paying for everything on our dates, and I'd love the excuse to spoil you."

I felt blood flooding to my cheeks. "Spoil me?"

"Yeah. Like I said, I'm going to take care of you."

"Dylan, I'm not poor. I'm just working to make some extra money. It's not a big deal."

"But I'd rather you had more free time. Three nights a week is a lot."

"It's not that much. Really, it's fine."

He reached across the table to take my hand. "At least think about it, okay?"

"Sure. I'll think about it."

"Good."

I had no intention of quitting my job.

Chapter Fifteen

To:

"Finally." Dylan got out and immediately went around to pull out our bags. I noticed that he'd packed more than I'd expected.

"Ready?"

"Sure." We went in the back door, the same door we'd entered after our skinny dipping experience. Dylan definitely remembered it. The smug smile tugging at his lips made that readily apparent.

I followed him as he dropped our bags off in his room.

"I have a present for you." He dug into his large, black suitcase. "I can't wait to see how you look."

"Is that a thong?" I barely choked the words out as I examined the tiny pieces of pink fabric.

"Yeah, I've never seen you wear one before, but I love that ass of yours. This way you get to show it off for me."

"Okay...moving on from the bottom, do you really expect me to wear a top this small? There's a reason I stay away from triangle tops."

"It's your size."

"Dylan, I, uh, appreciate the thoughtfulness, but the bikinis I have are skimpy enough."

"They can't be that skimpy if you felt comfortable walking around in one in front of my whole frat."

That again. "Do you really want me to wear this?" I held up the top.

"Yes. I really do. It's only going to be us out there. If anyone else actually uses the beach, you have my permission to put on more clothing."

"Fine."

Dylan pulled his own, perfectly normal sized swim trunks out of his suitcase. "I want to enjoy the effect, so I'll get changed in the bathroom."

I reluctantly got undressed, cringing at the thought of putting on the tiny bottom. I hated thong underwear, and loathed even the thought of wearing something like that outside. Dylan walked out of the bathroom. I tried to focus on the view rather than the sorry excuse for a swimsuit I was wearing beneath my pink dress. "Take off the cover-up."

I shook my head. "It doesn't fit right."

"I'll be the judge of that." He moved to take off my dress himself, and after considering putting up some resistance, I gave in and let him pull it off.

He took a step back. "Damn, you look incredible." His eyes widened, and I hoped he'd get side tracked enough that he forgot about going to the beach. "I need the full effect." He moved around behind me. I knew it was coming, but I jumped when he grabbed my very exposed ass.

"Can I change now?"

"Change? We haven't even left yet."

"Dylan, I can't wear this out of the house."

"Sure you can. Do it for me." He put his hands on my arms. "I don't ask you for very much."

"Why does this matter so much to you?"

He moved his hands up to my shoulders and looked me directly in the eye. "Why does it matter to you? I like the way you look in it, and I want you to wear it down to the beach. Is that really so much to ask?"

"How about we compromise? I'll wear the top with a different bottom."

"You really hate wearing a thong that much?"

"Would you want to go out with your ass hanging out?"

"No, but then again my ass doesn't look as good as yours."

I laughed. "Deal or no deal?"

"Deal. But you'd better move fast. I can't keep my hands off you. If you want to hit the beach, we need to go now."

I opened my own bag, pulling out a black bikini bottom that suddenly seemed incredibly covering. I ran into the bathroom and changed. Much better.

"All right, let's go."

We grabbed some beach towels from the closet and headed out. We walked the boardwalk over to the beach. I took in the sights: the lagoon, the tall beach grass on the dunes.

"Is this okay?" He stopped about halfway down the beach.

"Perfect." I opened my towel and spread it out. Dylan put his down right next to mine, overlapping them slightly.

"You weren't kidding about it being empty." I lay down on my stomach, immensely glad to have a full bottom on.

"I told you." He stretched out next to me with his head only inches from mine.

He kissed me lightly before letting out a sigh.

"Is everything okay?"

"Yeah. It's just stress." He rolled over onto his back.

"Anything in particular?"

"Just work stuff. You know I'm going to work for my dad after graduation, don't you?"

"Yeah." I leaned up on an elbow.

"I'm not really looking forward to it. Neither is he."

"Then why do it?"

"I don't have a choice."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes." He put a hand on my back. "Do you need me to do sunscreen for you or anything?"

"Nope. It's pretty late." Was he really changing the subject so quickly?

"All right."

"Is there anything I can do to help? I mean, obviously I can't fix the job. But anything else?"

He smiled. "You already do. Sex with you is the best stress relief you can imagine. I plan on relieving a lot of stress this weekend."

"Do you?"

"Uh huh." He pulled me up on top of him. "In case you didn't realize, that was the thinking behind this weekend getaway."

"And I thought it was for the stimulating conversation." I kissed him. It felt strangely empowering to be doing it from on top. We never had sex that way. Every time I tried to, he rolled us over.

"I like talking to you, Juliet, but I love having sex with you."

Did he realize how that sounded? I forced myself to shrug it off. "I guess this is a bad time to tell you it's that time of the month."

"What?" The look of horror that crossed his face was priceless. "No. It's not. You just had it two weeks ago."

"Obviously it was a joke, Dylan."

"Don't mess with me." He pulled my head down to his and kissed me. He rolled us over. No surprise there. "Are you ready to get in the water?"

"Yes."

He shifted off me so I could get up. I didn't wait. I headed right down to the ocean and walked in. The water was warm, and I eagerly moved further out. Dylan joined me. "You really like water, don't you?"

"Of course, don't you?"

"Yeah, especially when it involves you." He wrapped his arms around me. "Speaking of which, want to head home and take a shower?"

"We just got to the beach."

"We'll come back tomorrow. I need you."

I had no desire to leave so quickly, but it didn't feel worth arguing about. Not after he finally opened up about being stressed. Dylan usually kept so much to himself.

***

After a shower and dinner, I was completely content to curl up on the couch with Dylan. My room at school was all right, but I missed being in a house and having a couch to lounge on. The ones in the dorm common room didn't quite cut it.

"I have a surprise for you." The excited look on Dylan's face scared me. I hoped this wasn't going to be another surprise like the thong.

"Another surprise?"

"Uh huh. I can't wait to see your reaction." He stood up and took my hand to pull me with him. I let him lead me into his bedroom.

"Close your eyes."

"Why?"

"Just close your eyes. I want to surprise you."

"Okay." I closed my eyes, hoping that the surprise wouldn't be too awful.

"Open them."

"Oh hell no." I took a step back. From his right hand dangled a pair of handcuffs.

"Ryan told me everything."

"What? What does Ryan have to do with the fact that you have handcuffs?"

"I know all about the BDSM stuff. I just wish you'd been comfortable enough to tell me yourself."

"BDSM stuff? What did Ryan tell you exactly?" I grabbed onto the bedpost for support. I felt ready to pass out.

"Everything. How you really want to try it and think I'd be the perfect dominant for you. At first, I wasn't sure, but the more I looked into it, the more I realized that it fit us. I definitely don't mind the idea of having you as my submissive. I figured it would be fun to start here-that way we don't have to worry about interruptions."

"What? And why would I tell Ryan about this uh, interest?" I was going to kill him. Ryan was dead.

"He said you were too embarrassed to tell me and wanted to see if I'd be interested."

"Oh my god."

"It's not a bad thing, Juliet. I really want to try it too." He took a step toward me.

I backed up. "Dylan."

"Yes?"

"Put those things away. Now."

"What? You don't want handcuffs? I also picked up some other bindings. I tried not to go too crazy on stuff, but I wanted some options."

"Stuff? What other stuff?" I looked over at his suitcase. One compartment overflowed with a variety of items I'd hoped to never see in my life.

"Where did you get this stuff?"

"A store downtown. I didn't have time to order."

"You went into a sex shop?" I laughed. I couldn't help it. It was too much to picture preppy Dylan walking into a place like that.

"I paid in cash. No one will ever know."

"I hope you can get a refund."

"What? Did I not get the right stuff?"

"I'm not into BDSM. Ryan was messing with you. Or me."

Dylan looked confused for a second before a smile spread across his face. "Oh, I get it."

"What?" Oh dear god, what was making him smile?

"This is all part of the role play. You want me to be the one to push you. I get it. I really think this is going to be good for us. It's going to help you get over your body issues. You can't completely be yourself without being properly dominated."

"Properly dominated? Where are you getting this bullshit?"

"I did my research, Juliet." He took a step toward me. "Take off your clothes."

I held my hands up in front of me. "Dylan, I'm not role playing. I have absolutely no interest in being dominated. Like I said, Ryan was messing with you."

"Really?" His face fell. "I was looking forward to intensifying our sex life. Why don't we try it anyway?"

"Try it? Not a chance."

"Fine." The look of disappointment that crossed his face bordered on comical. Did he really know me so little that he'd believe I was into bondage?

"Good. Now I'm going to get ready for bed." I headed toward the bathroom but then turned around as a horrible thought came to me. "Oh, and you don't have any weird plans of handcuffing me while I sleep, do you?"

A guilty look crossed his face.

"Damn it, Dylan. You were going to."

"I admit, it crossed my mind...I think you want to try it as bad as me."

"I'm going to sleep in Kyle's room if you keep this up. Or better yet, go next door."

He zipped up his bag. "Okay, but-"

"But what?" I prepared myself.

"If you don't want to try the bondage, could we at least try the spanking? I think I'd like that."

"Dylan!"

"Okay, okay. I had to ask."

"No, you didn't. You definitely didn't have to ask. Now the thong makes sense, you sicko."

"Sicko? I only bought the stuff because Ryan told me it was your thing."

"If you mention his name again, I'm going to lose it." I still couldn't believe Ryan had stooped so low. I wasn't sure if it was a joke or his way of getting back at me for being rude to him.

"So no bondage, and no spanking?"

"None. I'm going to brush my teeth." My life would have made a good reality TV show.

Chapter Sixteen

I survived the weekend. Dylan took out the handcuffs one more time, but when I refused to have sex with him the rest of the night, he got the point.

On Sunday morning, he made us waffles. Hands down, the best part of the whole weekend was the food. It was nice having access to a kitchen and a grill again. Dylan tried to convince me to stay an extra night, but I wouldn't budge. I was definitely ready to get back to campus. After a quiet drive home, he dropped me off in front of my dorm. I lugged my suitcase up the stairs, ready to be in my own bed.

"How was the romantic weekend?" Tally spun around in her desk chair when I walked in.

"Ryan's so dead."

"Hey, that's my boyfriend you're talking about."

"Boyfriend? Since when?"

"Last night." She smiled coyly. Wow, she'd moved on from Gregg quickly. I guess a lot can change in forty-eight hours.

"Well, he's dead."

"What did he do to deserve that fate?"

"He told Dylan I was into BDSM."

She laughed so hard she almost fell out of her chair.

"I appreciate the concern."

"Sorry." She steadied herself on her chair. "That's too funny. What did he do, take out handcuffs?"

"Were you in on it?"

She laughed again. "Oh my god. That's so awesome. I wish I could have seen your face."

"It was horrible. He spent the rest of the weekend disappointed. He even asked me if I'd call him 'master.'"

"What? He asked you to call him 'master?'"

"Yes." I slunk down on my bed. "He is so incorrigible."

"So, you wouldn't try it at all?" She actually looked surprised.

"No! That is so not my thing."

"How do you know if you haven't tried?"

"Okay, we're not having this conversation."

"Sorry. I was just wondering. It might not be that bad."

"Feel free to try it on your boyfriend-make sure to whip him extra hard for me."

"How'd you know I'd want to dominate?"

"Too much info, Tally. Too much info." I grabbed my keys again and headed to Cara's room. I knocked, but no one answered.

I called her.

She answered right as I expected the voicemail to start. "Hey, you're back!"

"Yeah, just got here. Where are you?"

"We're at the Kappa house."

"Who's we?"

"You should have been at the mixer. It was awesome. I'm with Mallory and Claire." I heard muffled talking, but all I could make out was my name.

"Who are you talking to?"

"Reed."

"Oh cool." It felt funny to know that my friends were hanging out with Reed. I viewed him as part of a separate piece of my life.

"You have to come."

I debated it. Dylan would kill me, but I wasn't exactly thrilled with him at the moment. He deserved it after the handcuff incident, and I really wanted to see my friends. "All right, I'll come by." I went back to my room long enough to change into jeans and a black tank.

"Where are you going?" Tally asked.

"To hang out with some friends. You want to come?"

"What friends?"

"Cara, Mallory, and some Kappas."

"No thanks. But have fun." She didn't sound particularly convincing.

"I'll try." I grabbed my purse and headed out the door.

***

I knocked on the front door of the Kappa house. I was used to just walking in at Dylan's house, but this seemed different. I waited, but no one answered. I leaned in, and I could hear music playing and a lot of talking. I decided to go ahead and walk in.

"Hey, Juliet!" Mallory jumped off the couch and hugged me.

"Hey. I've missed you, too."

She laughed. "Everybody, this is Juliet."

"We know each other very well." Reed smiled, patting a space next to him on the couch.

There was something so comfortable about sliding in next to him. "Did you miss me, Reed?"

"I did at the mixer. I was hoping to wow you with my dance moves." He laughed.

"I bet. I wish I could have been there."

"Have a good weekend with Jerk Face?"

"Fine."

"Only fine?" I heard alarm in his voice.

I shook my head. "Pretend it's morning." I referred to my disinterest in talking early in the day.

"Oh, now I need to hear." He leaned back and put an arm behind me on the couch.

"You don't want to know."

"Oh, we do." Cara grinned. Aaron, the guy running things when we were at the Kappa house before, had his arm slung across her shoulders. She seemed perfectly happy to have it there.

"I repeat. It was fine."

"You'll give us all the details later." Mallory took a sip of her drink.

"And I'm getting them at work tomorrow. I have to hear this." Reed laughed, but it sounded forced.

"No to all of you." I already regretted telling Tally about the handcuffs. There was no way I was telling anyone else.

"Want anything to drink, Juliet?" Bill, another Kappa, asked.

"I'm actually fine, but thanks." I was still exhausted from my weekend and definitely not in the mood to drink.

"Okay." He smiled.

My phone vibrated in my purse. I pulled it out. Where are you?

Reed leaned over to look at my screen. "Does Dylan keep tabs on you constantly?"

Out with my friends. Why?

Friends? That's not what I heard.

I groaned. Not this again. How did he even know? Tally-I was going to kill her and her boyfriend. If Dylan knew who I was with, he probably already knew where I was. I hoped he wasn't stupid enough to come and try to get me to leave.

I'm hanging out with my friends. I didn't see them all weekend. Feel free to do the same with your friends.

Where are you?

I put my phone away without answering.

"You need to break up with him." Reed said it quietly, making sure no one else heard.

"No, I don't. It's none of your business."

"Can we take a walk?"

"A walk?" Leaving didn't bother me, but it would just make it harder to dodge his questions.

"Yeah. A walk. You're not drinking anyway."

I crossed my arms. "I just got here."

"Let's go for a walk. Hear me out, and afterward, I'll try to keep my mouth shut."

"You've promised that before."

"I'll try harder."

I shook my head. "Fine."

Reed put his beer down on the floor next to the couch. "If you'll excuse us, we're going for a walk."

"A walk?" Aaron raised an eyebrow. "Don't get lost."

"We won't."

I shrugged when my friends gave me confused looks. We walked out the front door and turned left in the opposite direction of my dorm. He must have wanted a long walk.

We walked in silence for a minute or two before Reed finally spoke. "I know you think I'm just trying to annoy you, but I'm serious."

"Reed, I appreciate the concern, but everything's fine."

"You say that, but do you actually believe it? You have to admit he's controlling."

"I stand up for myself. If you didn't notice, I never told him where I was."

"It's great that you don't give in all the time, but that doesn't change what he is. He's controlling and manipulative. Everything he does is an attempt to dominate you."

I so did not need to hear the word dominate in association with Dylan ever again.

"I can't just stand back and watch this."

I groaned. "Then don't watch."

"Shut up!" His hands fisted at his side. I'd never seen him so angry.

I shuddered. "Calm down, Reed."

"No. This is bullshit. I'm not letting this happen again."

"Again? What is this about?"

He put his head in his hands. "You're so much like my sister. Too pretty for your own good, and you're so needy. You want to be wanted so damn bad that you'll put up with crap."

"Your sister? What does your sister have to do with me?"

"She was like you at your age. She dated an older guy-and six months into their relationship, she was engaged and living with him."

"And? Was it the biggest mistake of her life?" I said sarcastically. I immediately regretted it when I saw the look that crossed his face.

"You know what? Forget it. You want to f**k up your life and destroy your family, go ahead. Do it."

"What? Destroy my family? What happened to your sister, Reed?"

He shifted his weight from foot to foot. In the darkness, I thought I saw a few tears. "She got in too deep. Everyone loved the guy-my parents thought he was a prince. From a well-known family, tons of money. Sound familiar? They got married when she was only nineteen."

I nodded. I needed to hear the rest.

"Eventually, things got worse, and she wanted out but felt like she couldn't leave. I'm the only one who believed her when she said he'd become abusive." He got this far-off look on his face. "My parents told her to be loyal to her husband. He started talking about kids. I don't think she wanted to bring kids into her world." Reed was a mix of anger and hurt, and I didn't know which one was harder to watch.

"Wait? What happened?"

"She killed herself. I guess she thought it was her only way out."

I touched his arm. "I'm so sorry, Reed." I couldn't even imagine how hard that must have been for him.

"Don't be sorry. Just don't make the same dumb mistake."

"I'm not going to do something like that, and I'm not planning a wedding anytime soon."

"Please be careful."

I still hadn't moved my hand. "I will."

"Promise me something."

"Okay." I would have promised him anything in that moment. He looked so vulnerable.

"If you ever feel like you're trapped, talk to me. I couldn't help Shannon, but I can help you. I'm not a puny sixteen -year-old anymore."

"Puny? You could never be puny." Without thinking, I moved my hand up to touch his bicep. Reed was a giant. The last thing he could be described as was puny.

"I make it my business to make sure I never am again."

It all clicked. The obsession with lifting weights, his issues with his parents, living with Al. "I promise."

"Good. Want me to walk you home?"

"Yeah, that would be nice."

We walked in silence. Neither of us spoke until we reached my dorm. "I know I say this a lot, but take care of yourself."

"I will. You, too. And just so you know, if you ever want to talk, I'm here." I hugged him.

"I'll keep that in mind." He rubbed my back gently, as if he was comforting me rather than the other way around.

Chapter Seventeen

To:

"Hey, baby." Dylan walked over, kissing me carefully on the cheek so he wouldn't get wet.

"Hi, Dylan." Amanda strolled over. She was completely dry and dressed in jeans and a Delta Mu t-shirt. Funny, how only the pledges needed to do the cleaning.

"Hey, how much longer do you need the girls? I was hoping to take Juliet out for brunch." He talked to Amanda like I wasn't there. I guess I didn't actually have any say in when and where I went.

"It's going to be a few hours, but I could probably leave Jana in charge." Was she seriously trying to hit on my boyfriend in front of me?

"Oh. That's okay. I'll catch up with her later." He turned back to me. "Call me when you get home."

"Don't you want your car washed?" Amanda was unbelievable.

"Do you feel like washing my car, Juliet?"

"Oh, sure." We were wet already. It couldn't hurt.

Amanda stepped in front of me. "Sorry, Juliet's busy."

"I am?" What was she up to?

"Uh huh, take care of that car." She pointed to an old VW bus that had just pulled in. It looked as though it hadn't been cleaned in years. The driver was probably the same age as the car.

"Come on, Amanda. She's my girlfriend."

"Sorry, Dylan. She's needed." She looked at me. "Go take care of that car."

"Fine." I shrugged and started over. Cara and Mallory left with me.

"Cara, Mallory, I think Juliet can handle that alone."

Cara spun around. "Not a chance. We all know you want to wash Dylan's car anyway."

We didn't wait for her answer. Part of me expected Dylan to do something. He'd managed to get me out of sorority events on several occasions if he wanted me at something else, but evidently getting me out of my current situation wasn't high enough on his list.

I was wrong about the driver's age. It was a couple of guys I vaguely recognized from around campus. We ignored the guys and got to work. I was scrubbing the hood of the van when Dylan pulled around next to us and rolled down his window. "Try to stay warm. See you soon."

"You're not getting your car washed?"

"I only came to see you." Sometimes he sounded sweet. That thought flew out the window when I realized he wasn't saying it for my benefit. He glared at the bus' owner.

"I'll call you."

"Good. I'll enjoy warming you up." Ugh, he needed to stop.

"Bye, Dylan."

"Bye, baby." He drove away, cranking up his stereo before he was even out of the parking lot.

Chapter Eighteen

To:

I collapsed back on her bed. "What am I going to do about this?" I touched my neck.

"I don't know...we could try makeup." She looked deep in thought. "And it's kind of cold out. I have some fun scarves."

"Do you have any that will go with my Halloween costume for tomorrow night?"

"Oh yeah...we'll figure it out."

"I hope so."

"Here, try this one." She tossed a black and red striped scarf at me.

"Won't I look funny wearing it inside?" I tied the scarf around my neck.

"It's better than looking like a girl with a hickey, right?"

"You have a point."

I dragged myself to class, hoping no one would ask about the scarf. No one did. At least I didn't have history with Reed. I wasn't ready to talk to him about it yet. I came back at lunchtime and got into bed. I'd already texted Reed telling him I wasn't feeling well enough to work. It wasn't a lie-I felt awful. Tally was sitting at her desk and turned to me. "What's going on with you?"

"Nothing." I didn't feel like discussing it with Tally. She was still dating Ryan, and I'm pretty sure she thought both Ryan and Dylan walked on water.

"You sure?"

"Yes."

"Are you going to the house tonight? They're getting a keg."

I pulled my blanket up to my chin. "No. I broke up with Dylan."

"What?" Tally came to sit on the edge of my bed. "Why?"

I took off my scarf and threw it on the bed, lowering the blanket to show her my neck. I might as well get the confrontation over with.

"A hickey? You dumped him for a hickey?"

"It was just the icing on the cake." It was. A physical and gross kind of icing.

"Don't you think you're overreacting? You and Dylan are perfect together."

I laughed dryly. "Perfect? Hardly."

"You'll realize you made a mistake. Hopefully, you'll come to your senses before he moves on."

"Is there a reason you're being a bitch?"

"A bitch? I'm only being realistic." She grabbed her keys and phone as she stormed out of the room. She was probably going to vent to Ryan about me.

"Whatever," I said even though she was already gone.

***

My phone rang around eleven-thirty. I groaned, rolling over to glance at the screen. I didn't pick up-it was Dylan.

He called again, and I decided to just do it. "Hello."

"Baby, I did something stupid. Really stupid."

"And that's my problem because...?"

"You don't get it. I was pissed that you never came back. I got trashed. I slept with someone."

"We broke up. I don't care." Of course, it stung to know he'd moved on so fast.

"I'm so stupid. It meant nothing."

"I have to go."

"Babe, I'm sorry."

I sighed. "You've said it." Then my curiosity got the better of me. I had to know. "Who was it?"

"Amanda."

My chest clenched. "Go to hell, and never speak to me again." I knew I was the one who'd dumped him, but to sleep with my brat of a pledge mom was low. I knew Amanda was a bitch, but this went beyond anything I'd have thought her capable of. They didn't even wait twenty-four hours.

He called back, but I didn't pick up. Instead, I threw my phone across the room, and it hit the wall. Thankfully, it didn't break.

"What the hell is going on?" Tally finally woke up. I swore that girl could sleep through almost anything.

"Nothing."

I couldn't sleep. I thought about going to wake up Cara, but that wasn't going to help. There was only one person I wanted to talk to. I threw on jeans, my worn out hoodie sweatshirt, and the scarf just in case. I needed fresh air.

I knew walking across campus at night alone was dumb, but I couldn't stay in my room any longer. With Tally there, I didn't even have the privacy to mope alone.

The stragglers were just leaving Al's when I got there. I slipped inside, knowing Reed would be in the back. He turned when he heard me enter. "Juliet? What are you doing here?"

"I dumped Dylan."

"It's about time, but what made you finally do it?" He put down his clipboard.

Something about telling Reed made me finally break down. And I mean break down. The tears I must have been holding back the whole time fell down my face.

His arms came around me. "It's okay. Take your time." He held me tighter. "I'll kill him for you."

I picked my head up from his chest and noticed Reed's wry smile. "You don't have to kill him. I just never want to see him again."

"Are you ready to tell me why? What suddenly changed your mind?"

I glanced around. While I was crying, everyone else had left. I untied my scarf.

"Is that a hickey?"

"Yes."

"And that has to do with why you dumped him?"

"He did it on purpose, to leave a mark so people knew I wasn't single. It was the last straw."

"Oh." He tensed. Reed always had such physical reactions to things. Either that, or I was getting really good at reading him. Maybe both.

"It made me so mad. With everything else he already does, I can't take him anymore."

"I know it sucks now, but it was the right decision. The guy's a controlling jackass."

"For once, I'll agree."

He laughed. "You're going to be fine."

"I hope so."

He took my face in his hands. "I know so." He stared into my eyes with such intensity that I couldn't help believing him.

"You know what sucks?"

"What?"

"I have to walk around with this dumb hickey on my neck for the next few days. I'm going to have to alter my Halloween costume to include a scarf."

"Aren't you going as a 1940s night club singer?"

"Yes."

"Then do something with the mark to make it look like a vampire bite. You'll be all dressed up, so say you're going as a vampire's victim."

"Oh my god. That's actually a good idea. Cara could help me with it. She's all about stage makeup."

"See, hope isn't lost."

"It probably doesn't matter, though. All of my friends will be at the date party, and I obviously can't go alone." The last thing I needed was to show up at a date party alone. I felt low enough.

"Why not?"

"Why can't I go?" Did he really need to ask me that?

"Yeah, what's the problem?" He leaned back against the counter.

"My friends all have dates."

"So? You're a big girl."

"I'll just be a fifth wheel or something."

"No. You'll be the strong, independent woman everyone wishes they were."

"I could try to find a date at the last minute."

"Juliet."

I looked up. I hoped he was about to offer his services. "Yes?"

"You can go alone."

"Oh. Yeah. You're right." I needed to change the subject-fast. "Do you have big plans tomorrow?"

"I've got a Sigma crush party."

"Oh. Fun." I tried to hide my disappointment. It bothered me more than I expected.

"Lots," he said sarcastically. "But what can you do?"

He told me to go to my party alone, yet he was going to another sorority event? What a hypocrite. He wasn't quite as much of a comfort as I'd hoped.

"I'd better go." I started to walk out.

"How are you getting home?"

"The same way I got here."

"What? Damn, I didn't think about that. You walked here?"

"Yeah."

"Don't do that kind of stuff, Juliet. It's dangerous. I left my car at the house, so I'll walk you."

I shook my head. "Don't worry about it."

"Do you mean to be this difficult?"

"Fine. I just know you're tired, and it's late."

"I really don't care. Help me close up, and we can go."

I nodded and started to go through the closing motions. I wiped down the tables while Reed worked on the kitchen. Fifteen minutes later, he locked up behind us.

He matched my pace, and we headed toward campus.

"Juliet?"

Reed and I both turned when we heard my name as we passed the frat houses.

"Oh hey, Kyle."

"What are you doing out here? Did you just get off work?"

"No. I was just talking to Reed."

"Oh." Kyle's eyes shifted immediately to Reed. "I heard about you and Dylan. Are you doing okay?"

"I'm fine. I dumped him."

"I know. It was pretty obvious from the fact that he was crying like a baby."

I put my hands in the front pocket of my sweatshirt. "He was not."

"Yes, he was. Of course, that was after he hooked up with Amanda...sorry about that."

I shrugged. "It's not my problem."

"He hooked up with Amanda?" Reed's eyes nearly bugged out.

"Yeah."

"You didn't mention that." He stared at me.

"It wasn't important." In other words, I didn't want to admit it. It made everything worse. I'd meant nothing to Dylan.

Kyle played with his ID card. "Are you heading back to your dorm? I can walk you."

"Yeah, that would be cool. That way Reed doesn't have to."

Reed took a step closer to me. "I don't mind."

"But your house is here." I probably sounded ruder than I wanted to. The truth was, I still stung over his quasi-rejection.

"If you're sure." Reed turned to Kyle. "Make sure she gets back okay."

Kyle rolled his eyes. "I think I can handle it."

"Thanks for listening." I gave Reed a small smile.

"Anytime." He took his keys out of his pocket. "Take care of yourself, and try to have fun tomorrow night."

"I'll try."

Kyle and I walked off.

"What's tomorrow night?"

"A Halloween date party."

"Oh yeah, I heard about that." He looked like he was going to say something but stopped himself.

"Why'd you do it?" He walked so close to me that his hand brushed against mine.

"Your brother's an ass**le."

"I know he is. But what did he do this time?"

I unwrapped the scarf. "That's why I finally dumped him."

He squinted to see. "For giving you a hickey?" Kyle eyed me incredulously.

"For giving it to me so guys would stay away. I can't take his games anymore."

"That's Dylan. He got all psycho over you."

"Yeah..."

"What are you going to dress up as?"

"The original plan was a nightclub singer."

"Yeah? A sexy one?" He arched an eyebrow.

"That was the plan. But with this mark, I'm going to make it a vampire's victim or something."

He laughed. "That's awesome."

"Reed thought of it."

"I'm guessing he's going to be your vampire?"

"Nope. I'm going alone. The vampire will have skipped out after his snack."

Kyle looked over at me. "He doesn't have to... I may be free tomorrow night."

"Really? You'd go with me?"

"Don't sound so surprised. You know I like you...and getting to spend a night with you dressed all sexy... sign me up."

If only he hadn't added on the part about liking me. I'd have loved a friend date, but anything more than that wasn't going to work. "Thanks so much for offering, but I'm going to go it alone."

"But you sounded excited..."

"I'm just not ready to start something new. Especially not with my ex-boyfriend's brother."

"You have to see me as more than that. I'm more than Dylan's brother."

"Yes, which is even more of a reason not to go with you." I'd known Kyle a long time. Stringing him along would be unforgiveable.

"What happened?" He slowed his pace. "We kissed that summer before ninth grade. We talked on the phone and online, but the next summer you didn't even look at me anymore."

"Do I have to answer that?"

"You liked him that much?"

"He was older. Had I known you'd look like this..." I gestured at him. Of course, I was joking. Nothing could have ended my crush on Dylan other than actually being with him.

"So it was all superficial?"

"I guess. I built him up to be this superhuman, you know? This older guy who was going to sweep me off my feet and teach me everything I needed to know."

"Not so much..."

"Yeah. Who knew skinny dipping could be so dangerous?" We reached campus.

"We'll have to do it sometime."

I wasn't sure if he was joking or not, but I assumed he wasn't. "Oh no. Never again."

"It would be different..."

"You know how weird this is, right?" I hoped Kyle realized nothing was going to happen between us. I'd just broken up with Dylan, and I wasn't looking for any relationship, especially not with another Bradley.

"What?"

"Talking about skinny dipping with my ex's brother."

"I liked you first. You liked me first."

"We were kids."

"I bet you'll change your mind."

"You'll be the first to know if I do."

***

The hickey faded ever so slightly by the time I woke up the next morning. I tied on Cara's scarf, glad the temperature had dipped into the forties overnight. I grabbed my books, and Cara and I walked out together.

Dylan leaned against the wall just outside the dorm.

I groaned. "What are you doing here?"

"I need to talk to you."

"Then talk."

His hair was all messed up, and it looked as if he hadn't slept at all. Dylan never left the house without looking put together. He was worse than a girl that way. "Alone."

"You want me to stick around?" Cara asked.

"No. I'll get this over with. See you for lunch."

She waved and walked away.

"What do you want to talk about?"

"Us."

"There is no us."

"We had a fight. Couples have fights."

I chortled. "Maybe it could have been 'just a fight,' but you decided to screw Amanda. It's one hundred percent over."

"It wasn't my fault. I got drunk, I was so mad you left like that, and Amanda was over, and she let me talk and-"

"You fell into bed?"

"No...but."

"Save it. I really don't care."

"Yes, you do." He touched my arm.

I shrugged his hand off. "It was inevitable."

"What was? Me cheating? I'm not like that. Does it matter that it's not going to happen again? We both agreed it wouldn't be more."

"Oh, did you? How nice."

"Juliet. Please."

"Please what? You didn't do anything wrong. Is that what you want to hear?"

"No! I want to hear the opposite. We're still together, and I f**ked up, and I'll have to work hard to earn your forgiveness."

"We're not together. And if you want to see Amanda again, by all means do it. You two deserve each other." I started to walk away.

He grabbed my shoulder to turn me back to look at him. "I only want you."

"That's not true, and you know it."

"What are you talking about?"

"Let's see, you've already f**ked Amanda. I guess I should have left a mark on your neck."

He must have noticed the scarf, and reached out to untie it. I grabbed his hand and stopped him. "Don't touch me."

"I already offered to let you leave a mark... I'd like it."

"Go bother Amanda. Maybe she actually wants to have sex with you."

"What the hell is that supposed to mean?"

"Nothing." I started moving again.

"Wait, Juliet!" He caught up with me. "Are we still on for tonight? Your party?"

"What do you think?" He couldn't actually be that dense, could he?

"You're going alone?"

I smiled. "Maybe, maybe not."

"Who are you going with?"

"It's none of your business." It felt so good to say that and mean it.

"It'd better not be Reed."

"None of your business."

Chapter Nineteen

To:

"He doesn't actually want to be with me. I'm not sure where this obsession came from."

"Me either. Well, I should probably find my date. I'm hoping for a more, uh, a better night tonight."

I laughed, assuming she referred to the sex with Dylan. "I get that. Have fun."

"You aren't here alone, are you?" Her words sounded more surprised than malicious.

"Yeah, I'm going it alone."

"Wow, that's brave."

"Brave or stupid." I shrugged.

"Can I get you a drink?"

"You're offering to buy me a drink?"

"Well, I did sleep with your ex-boyfriend right after you dumped him-"

"When you put it that way..."

I followed Amanda over to the bar. She leaned over to talk to the cute, young bartender. "She'll have a sex on the beach, and keep them coming."

"Is she twenty-one?"

"Absolutely." Amanda smiled.

I flashed him my fake ID. When Amy first gave it to me, I didn't think I'd use it much. That night, it was completely necessary.

"All right."

"Try to have some fun." She touched my shoulder and disappeared. Maybe it was a bad idea to let the girl who'd slept with my ex-boyfriend buy me drinks, but if I didn't get something to drink, I was going to leave. Where the hell were Cara and Mallory? They were never late.

"Where's your date?" the bartender asked as he set down an orangeish-pink drink.

"Non-existent." I took a sip. It was sweet. I liked it.

"Really? That's kind of hard to believe."

"Is it?" I concentrated on my drink. I was in no mood for small talk.

He laughed. "I like your costume."

"Do you know what I am?"

"Hmm. I might be off base, but it kind of looks like a vampire took a bite out of your neck..."

I smiled. Maybe this bartender wasn't so bad. "Exactly. I'm a vampire's victim."

"That's pretty creative. Too bad you don't have a vampire with you. That would be much cooler." Okay, he lost any points he'd earned.

"Way to rub it in." I finished off my drink. Sweet mixed drinks are so easy to drink fast.

"Sorry, I'm just saying." He actually looked as if he felt bad. "Want another?" He pointed to my empty glass.

"Please." I glanced at my watch. I was giving my friends another ten minutes before I left.

He opened a few beers for people and then brought me my second drink. "Maybe you should spend more than five minutes on this one."

"I'll try."

"Juliet! Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry we're late." Cara slid onto the stool next to me. She looked hot in her angel costume.

"What happened to you guys?"

"We got held up at dinner. I tried calling."

"So did I. Is your phone off?" Mallory came around my other side. She was dressed up as a devil. Believe it or not, the angel-devil thing was random.

"I don't know." I pulled it out of my pocket. I had six missed calls.

"I guess I didn't hear it ring."

"Hey, I heard you finally dumped Dipshit." Aaron patted me on the back.

"Yeah, Dylan's history."

"Good for you." Aaron ordered drinks for Cara and himself. Bill did the same for Mallory.

"Are you here alone?" Bill asked.

"Oh my god. If one more person asks me that, I'm going to scream. Wait, I'll do it now." I was already tipsy. I stood up. "I'm here alone and dateless. I'm a loser, okay? There you have it."

"Juliet." Cara touched my arm. "I'm really sorry we're late."

"It's not a big deal. I'm just going to go." I looked at the bartender. "What do I owe?"

"It's on your friend's tab." He picked up my empty glass.

"What friend?" Mallory asked.

"Amanda."

"What?"

"She felt bad for me. Listen, have fun, guys. I'm going to get a cab."

"You should have invited Reed." Aaron said it like it was the most obvious thing in the world.

"I kind of did." I said it quietly, but I was sure they heard.

"He said no?" Aaron asked.

"Isn't that obvious? He already had plans."

"Plans?"

"He's at the Sigma crush party."

Aaron got a funny expression on his face. "I'll be right back. Don't leave, Juliet." He touched Cara's shoulder before walking off.

"I'm sorry to ruin everyone's fun, but I've had it."

"No, wait. Let's go dance or something," Cara suggested. I knew she would feel horrible if I left, but I wasn't in the mood to dance. "I'm okay right here." We sat and talked for a few minutes, and Aaron returned.

"What was that about?"

He grinned. "You'll find out in about ten minutes."

I let it go and sat back down on my stool.

"Does that mean you need another drink?" My good friend the bartender was back.

"No, I think I should probably switch to water."

"Here." He slid a bottle of water over to me.

"Thanks."

I was about to yell at my friends to go dance with their dates when someone tapped me on the shoulder.

I turned. "Hey, what are you doing here?"

Reed took a pair of plastic fangs out of his mouth. "I heard you were in need of a vampire."

"I thought you had plans. You didn't ditch your date, did you?"

"My work was done. She was only using me to make someone jealous." He took the seat next to me that Mallory had quickly vacated.

"You knew that going in?"

"Of course. I didn't care, and the guy needed a push. She's been waiting for him to make a move for a while now."

"That's kind of noble of you."

"Yeah? Well, that's enough about me. How are you holding up?"

"I kind of suck at this whole independent woman thing."

"No, you don't. You're here, aren't you?"

"If I wasn't worried about upsetting my friends, I'd have already left."

"Want a picture?" Those annoying event photography people came by. Sometimes it was fun to get pictures, but I so wasn't in the mood.

"Yeah, we'd like one." Reed put his fake fangs back in and pulled my neck toward him. The flash went off just as he placed his fangs against my neck. There was something almost intimate about it even though he was goofing around. Part of me wished the fangs weren't in the way. Was I really thinking that about Reed? I certainly didn't need to be.

He released my neck, grinning when it took me a moment to regain my balance on the stool. I was such a lightweight. "Do you like scary movies?"

"Talk about a conversation change."

He stretched out his legs. "There's a Halloween marathon going on at an old theater a few blocks from here. Want to check it out?"

"That actually sounds kind of perfect."

"Do you guys want to catch a Halloween movie marathon?" Reed asked his friends.

"Not a chance." Cara leaned on Aaron. "I hate horror movies."

"If you get scared, you can spend the night with me." He grinned.

"I'll spend the night with you if you don't make me watch one."

"All right. I guess we're staying here."

"What about you guys?" Reed looked at Bill and Mallory.

"I think we're good." Mallory gave me a funny smile.

"I guess it's just us, Oakley."

***

The marathon was at this really old theater downtown. At first, I thought it would be creepy to watch horror movies at an old place, but I was totally wrong. The atmosphere bordered on comical.

"Are these seats okay?" Reed led us to seats in a nearly empty balcony.

"Perfect." I slipped off my jacket.

"Do you always get Twizzlers at the movies?" He sipped his soda.

"Yes. I love them, and popcorn is the worst movie theater food."

"The worst? This I have to hear."

"You can't eat popcorn without getting thirsty, which means drinking a lot, which means going to the bathroom during the best scene of the movie."

He laughed. "All right, because that isn't the weirdest explanation ever."

"You're not a girl. If you have to go, you run to the men's room for two seconds. A woman has to wait ten minutes in line."

He laughed harder, but then he leaned in. "Are you drunk?"

"Maybe. Why?"

"You're funnier than usual. I was wondering if this was a post-Dylan thing, or just a drunk thing."

"Let's not even mention his name."

"Good deal."

The movie started, and I settled in my seat. I liked scary movies, but I definitely got jumpy. Thankfully, Reed was hilarious.

"Don't go back there, idiot," Reed whispered. "If you're ever in a slasher movie, remember not to have sex. As soon as you take your top off, you're toast."

I laughed. "I'll try to remember that."

"Good."

Even though I knew what was coming, I still jumped, grabbing onto Reed's arm as I shrieked. He laughed as he put his arm around me. "Are you going to be able to sleep tonight?"

"Probably...with the lights on."

"There's nothing to worry about. Just don't sleep naked, and you'll be fine. You're not a good victim if you're not naked."

I nudged him. "It's really good I don't sleep naked then."

"I do, but it's the girls they want naked. The slasher would probably run the other way if he saw me naked."

Reed naked. I didn't need to think about that.

"Are you picturing me naked, Juliet?"

"No." Oh my god. Was I really staring that badly?

"I don't mind. Feel free." He looked forward again, keeping his arm around me.

***

Reed dropped me off out front of my dorm. "You all right? You were kind of jumpy the whole way home."

"I'm fine. I'll just put on my most unattractive flannel pajamas."

He laughed. "You do that."

I reached for the latch to open the door.

"Juliet?"

"Yeah."

"Do you have plans tomorrow?"

"I'm newly single, and I don't have anything Delta Mu related until Sunday night, so no plans. Please tell me you don't need me to work."

"It's not work." He smiled. "Have you ever played paintball?"

"Paintball? Nope. My brother Brandon did it a lot, but he wouldn't let me come with him. He said it was too dangerous."

"Dangerous? It's not exactly hand-to-hand combat."

"He's my brother." I said it like it explained everything.

"Want to try? I usually play with some guys once a month, and we're down a man."

"I'm not a man."

"No, you definitely aren't." He smirked. "But you shoot like one. What do you say?"

"What time?"

"I'll come get you at ten?"

"Sounds good." I started to get out again but stopped. "Thanks for a fun night."

"Same to you. We'll have to make that a Halloween tradition."

I liked the thought of having a tradition with Reed.

I got out of the car and headed up to my room. I used my key to push open the door, and then I took a step back.

"What the hell are you doing in here?"

Dylan was lying down on my bed. "Hello to you, too. I was just making sure you came home tonight."

"Whether I did or not isn't your business. Just like it wasn't my business when you f**ked Amanda last night."

"I thought you hated that word." His shirt was partly unbuttoned, revealing a good portion of his chest. I was positive it was intentional.

"I do. Look, Dylan. I'm exhausted. Just get out. How'd you get in anyway?"

"Tally let me in. She's really understanding."

"Did she let you f**k her too?" I crossed my arms. Tally had been rude since finding out we'd broken up. With everything going on, I didn't appreciate it.

"That's not nice, Juliet."

"To her, or you?"

"Either. Come on, baby, this is just stupid."

"Don't call me baby. Let's go. Move it out of here."

"You're too proud to admit you overreacted."

"That's definitely not true."

"Do you want me to beg? Is that it?" He sat up, and I had no doubt he'd drop to his knees if I asked him to. He walked toward where I stood in the doorway.

"No! I don't want you to beg. I want you out of my room."

I used his momentary surprise to push him out of the room. I slammed the door and locked it. He banged on the door. "Juliet! Come on, we need to talk."

I didn't even bother to listen. I put on my headphones and found the perfect song: Beyonce's Independent Women. On impulse, just as I was about to fall asleep, I texted Reed.

Do you really sleep naked?

LOL Still thinking about me naked, Juliet?

I'm just worried a female slasher might get you.

I appreciate the concern. I'll be sure to lock my door. You do the same.

I already did. Dylan's on the other side of it.

Do you need me to come over there?

Nope. It's under control.

You sure?

Positive.

See you in the morning, Oakley.

If you make it.

I will. I'm not missing the chance to take you paint balling.

Chapter Twenty

To:

"All right, see you in a few." He grinned before striding back toward the field.

***

"What's going on with you and Reed?" Cara asked on the way back from the house on Sunday night. It was a clear night, slightly cool, but still warm enough that the walk was pleasant.

"Nothing. We're just hanging out."

"You sure? You two spent practically the whole weekend together."

"We did not." I hadn't even heard from him after paintball. We'd had a great lunch at a burger joint, but that was it. "What's up with you and Bill, Mallory?" Deflection seemed like a great idea.

"Don't get me started."

"Wait, what happened?"

"I went back to the house with him after the party. He totally broke down and cried about missing his ex-girlfriend."

"Seriously?" Cara and I said in unison.

"Yes. It was so awkward. I think I'm done dating for a while. It's kind of a blow to your self-esteem when a guy cries right before you're about to hook up."

I put a hand on her back. "It could have been worse."

"How?"

"He could have cried during sex. Or after."

"Good point. Wow, my favorite pessimist just described a glass as half full."

I laughed. "What can I say? Life without Dylan is good for me."

"Are you sure it's not life with Reed?" Cara laughed.

"Reed and I are just friends."

"Uh huh. I'm sure."

"We are."

"I give you guys a month." Cara messed with her phone. She was probably texting Aaron.

"I say two weeks." Mallory ran a hand through her hair.

"What? You don't think I can handle being single?"

"No. I don't think you can resist Reed."

"He doesn't like me that way. I'm telling you, we're just friends." Was it bad that part of me wished we could be more?

My phone vibrated in my pocket. I had forgotten to turn the ringer on. I smiled when Reed's name flashed across the screen. "Hey."

"Hey, are you busy?"

"Define busy."

"Doing something important. Is there another definition I'm not aware of?"

I laughed. "I'm not busy."

"Want to do something?"

"It depends. What would we be doing? I don't think I can handle any more paintball."

"I promise, it doesn't involve guns at all."

"I'm halfway back to my dorm. Should I turn around and head for your house?"

"I'll head toward you. We can meet up halfway."

"See you in a minute." I hung up.

"Was that Reed?" Mallory asked.

"Yes."

"And you're sure nothing's going on?"

"We're friends."

They both laughed.

"I'm going to meet up with him. I'll see you guys tomorrow."

Cara grinned. "He found you first."

I spun around. Reed was right behind me. "That was fast."

He shrugged. "What can I say? I was anxious to see you."

"Have fun, you two." Mallory grabbed Cara's arm, and they continued toward the dorms.

"What are we doing?" I asked. Reed had already turned back the way he'd come. I followed.

"We're going airplane gazing."

"Airplane gazing?"

"You've never done it? It's like stargazing, except you're watching planes take off."

"We're going to the airport?"

"Near it." He stopped at his truck and held open the passenger door.

"Thanks." I smiled. "Do you go airplane gazing often?" I asked when he got in.

"Not so much anymore."

"Why the sudden decision to go again?"

"It's not sudden." He downshifted. "I finally have someone I want to go with."

I couldn't help smiling.

Reed pulled into an empty field, parking the car somewhere in the middle. He shut off the engine and the headlights. We were in almost complete darkness. The full moon and some distant lights from the road were the only illumination. He reached over me to pull a flashlight out of the glove compartment.

"Ready?"

"Where are we going?"

"Not far." I could almost hear a smile in his voice.

He switched on his flashlight and hopped out. I waited for him to come around before I joined him. "Why do I feel like I'm in a horror movie?"

He laughed. "It's not a horror movie. I promise."

"Good."

Reed opened the tailgate. He had a few blankets rolled up in the back. He hopped up and gave me a hand. He spread out a blanket and lay down on his back. I tentatively settled down next to him.

"Geez, Reed, if you wanted to get me alone, you could have found an easier way."

"This isn't just alone. It's isolated," he said in a scary voice.

I punched his arm. "Don't mess with me."

He laughed. "I won't. Trust me. You'll like this once the planes start."

"I'll take your word for it."

I heard the first plane before I saw it. It roared to life before flying right above us.

"You're right. This is cool."

He laughed. "That didn't take long."

I looked back up at the sky. "Whenever I see a plane, I wonder where it's going."

"Yeah, I'm like that when I see people at the airport. I wonder what their stories are." He shifted, and his arm brushed against mine. "Like when I see an excited-looking woman, I wonder if she's going to see her boyfriend. And if I see a young kid, I wonder if he's going to see his parents."

"How introspective of you."

"Introspective? I'll give you introspective. Do you ever wonder what we're doing here?"

"Like why we're alive?"

"Yeah. Do you?"

"Of course. Doesn't everyone? I don't know. I guess we're here to live, learn, hopefully fall in love, have kids, and continue the cycle."

"So you want to fall in love and have kids, huh?"

"Not now, or at least not the kids part." I knew I was blushing, but thankfully, he couldn't see it in the darkness.

"What about the fall in love part?"

"That can happen anytime, but it's not a rush. I'm only eighteen. I'm all about the living part."

He laughed. "I'm twenty-one, and I feel that way, too."

I wanted him to kiss me. The thought came to me out of nowhere, but once I felt it, I wanted it so much it hurt. He didn't, though. He just lay there, watching the planes take off. I did the same for the next few hours and let my thoughts drift.

Eventually, we got back into the front of the truck. "I like airplane gazing."

He smiled. "We'll have to do it again sometime."

Chapter Twenty-One

To:

"Good to know. You have nice hands, too. They're soft."

I laughed. "I don't want this to be awkward. Things are always natural with us."

"This is natural." He squeezed my hand again.

"It is." I pulled his hand over to rest on my leg. That felt natural too.

"What color dress are you wearing tonight?"

"Why?"

"Just wondering."

"Light blue."

"You look good in blue."

I shifted in my seat to look at him. "I'm glad you approve."

"I'm excited to see you in it. You've never dressed up around me."

"I guess I haven't."

We spent most of the trip talking about the annoying things about work, and how much we were ready for vacation. Before I knew it, we pulled up to the valet line at the hotel.

Reed got our bags and led the way inside. He went right up to the desk. "We're checking in. Last name is Bryce."

The desk clerk typed something into the computer. "Reed?"

"Yes."

"Would you like two keys?" the clerk asked.

"Yes." Reed accepted the cards.

"Oh, I see here you requested we change your room to one with double beds. Unfortunately, we were unable to honor that request. Is a queen bed acceptable?"

Reed turned to me, and I nodded. "That's fine." My chest clenched. Did I really just agree to spend the night in the same bed as Reed?

I followed Reed to the elevator. I decided to calm our nerves with humor. "I don't know if a queen is going to be big enough. You'll have to stay on your side."

"We'll see if you're still saying that later." He winked. Maybe he wasn't as nervous as I'd thought.

The elevator let us off on our floor, and we walked down the hall to our room. Reed inserted the key card, and he held open the door for me.

I looked around at the cream and light green decor of the room. The bed looked comfortable, and we had a view of a courtyard garden. "Nice room."

"Yeah, it is." Reed set down our bags.

I went over and unzipped mine. I picked up my dress and hung it up in the closet.

Reed hung his suit next to it. There was something comfortable about it-like we'd been staying in hotels together forever.

I took a seat on the edge of the bed, stretching my legs.

Reed looked at his watch. "We have some time. Want to go down to the bar and get something to drink?"

"Sure, that sounds great." The room was nice, but other than turning on the TV, there was nothing for us to do. "I need to change first."

"You mean you weren't going to wear that sweatshirt?"

"As comfortable as it is, I should probably dress up a little more. Although jeans are okay, right?"

"I'm wearing this." He gestured to his jeans and long sleeved shirt.

"Okay."

I dug out the black sweater I'd packed. It was simple, but it fit perfectly.

I had a tank under my sweatshirt, so I decided it was safe to change in front of Reed. He watched with an amused expression. "This reminds me of when you changed into your Al's Pizza shirt that first night."

"You mean when I changed out of it?" I remembered how I'd given him an eyeful of my bra.

"Yeah, that was fun, too."

I tossed my sweatshirt at him. He caught it. "You know, if you needed a new sweatshirt, you could have had one of mine."

"It would be a sweatshirt dress."

"You're not that short."

"But you're that big."

He laughed. "Yes, I am."

"Why do I get the sense you aren't talking about height?" I pulled on my sweater.

"Because I'm not." He got up and headed to the door.

"Wait. I'm still not ready."

"Oh. Is this going to be a while?"

"Haven't you ever waited for a girl to get ready before?"

"But you pack light..."

"What does packing light have to do with getting ready quickly?" I went back to my suitcase.

"I'm going to watch some TV." He lounged on the bed.

"Good idea." I dug out my makeup bag and brush. I wasn't going to do much, but it's amazing the difference a little mascara and lip gloss can make.

Reed sat up when I walked out. He whistled. "All right. Now you're ready, right?"

"Yes."

He put a hand on the small of my back as we entered the elevator. We ran into a few of his brothers and their dates in the lobby, but Reed led me over to our own table.

I settled into my seat with a glass of wine. "Being anti-social?"

"We'll have plenty of time to socialize. Now, I just want to spend time with you."

I loved how he simply said it like it was. "I like that idea."

"Good." He took a sip of wine, never taking his eyes off me.

We were in new territory. Our time together before Savannah had been flirty, but it was still on the friends side of things. Maybe it was the fact that we were far from campus or about to spend a night in a hotel room together, but it felt different. Whether either of us admitted it or not, we were on a date.

***

Dressed in my blue Betsy Johnson halter dress with black kitten heels, I took a deep breath before pushing open the bathroom door. Reed's reaction didn't disappoint. "Wow. You look amazing."

"Thanks. You look pretty good yourself." That was an understatement. He looked incredible. I never would have thought it, but Reed was the kind of guy meant to wear a suit. Some guys looked like they were playing dress up-not Reed.

"You ready?" he asked.

"I think so."

The hotel ballroom was gorgeous-one of those rooms that looked like it came from another time. The wood floors had to have been original, and they matched the details on the walls. In the center of the room hung a huge, crystal chandelier.

"What do you think?" Reed had an arm around my shoulder. His arm felt warm against my bare skin.

"It's really pretty. Do you guys always do your semi-formal here?"

"No, but one of our alums manages this hotel now."

"Oh, cool." I glanced around the large room looking for Cara.

Reed spotted her first. "She's over there."

I followed his gaze. Cara looked incredible in her pink strapless dress. Aaron had his arm wrapped around her waist. We walked over to join them.

"Hey!" Cara pulled me into a hug. "This is awesome, isn't it?"

"Definitely."

We talked for a while before everyone moved to the tables for dinner.

Dinner was exactly what you'd expect a fraternity dinner to be like. Lots of shouting and drinking, with some laughter mixed in for good measure. I enjoyed the meal, glad I'd managed to sit next to Cara.

Cara and I chatted while we waited for the waiter to clear our plates. "I'm glad you came. I know he is, too." Cara nodded to Reed.

"I hope so."

She leaned over. "So, are you guys officially together now? I know you said you were going as friends, but it doesn't seem that way."

"I don't know what we are."

"But you're sharing a room, right?"

"Yes, it's crazy. Tonight's going to be a test."

"A test?"

"Of what happens when we're in a bed together..."

Cara squealed, attracting both of our dates' attention.

Aaron laughed. "Dare I ask what that was about?"

Reed ran a finger down my blushing cheek. He came to my rescue before Aaron could press for more details. "Do you want to dance?"

"I'd like that."

He took my hand and guided me onto the dance floor as a slow song started. He held me close and led perfectly. Someone had taught him well. I leaned my head on his chest. I loved how strong it was. I'd never thought I'd want to be with a guy that built, but there was something so comforting about him.

The next song was fast, but Reed still kept me close. We danced for hours, only stopping to have a couple of drinks. We didn't drink much, though. I don't think either of us wanted to get drunk.

Reed put a hand on my shoulder as a song ended. "Are you ready to head back?"

The night had flown by. I couldn't believe it was after midnight. "Yeah, I think so."

Reed smiled. "Me too."

We said goodnight to everyone. Cara leaned over to whisper, "Have fun."

Aaron added his own comment. "Don't get too crazy, you two."

Reed took my hand, and we walked to the elevator. I wrapped my free arm around myself. Even though it was nearly winter, cold air blew out from the vent. I was grateful when Reed put an arm around me. "Does that help?"

"Lots."

"Good."

We went straight up to our room, and Reed closed and locked the door behind us. "What did you think of the party?"

"It was fun," I said honestly. I tried to swallow my nerves. It was one thing to spend time in our room when I knew we'd have to leave. This time, we wouldn't be leaving until morning.

"I thought so, too."

I sat down on the edge of the bed and kicked off my shoes.

He did the same. "You look gorgeous tonight."

"Yeah?"

"That dress could kill a man, but you already know that. Normally, it would have driven me mad."

"It didn't work?" I tried to dial down my disappointment.

"Oh, it worked, but at least I knew there was a chance I'd get to take it off you." I tried to hide my shock. Had Reed just said what I thought he did?

"Only a chance?" I turned toward him.

"Is it more than a chance?"

"I'd say so."

"Good." He leaned over and brushed his lips against mine. I thought that was it, until he started moving his lips gently at first and then faster. I sighed, and he groaned. "I've wanted to kiss you for so long."

"Me too."

That was all he needed to hear. He returned his lips to mine, quickly deepening the kiss. His tongue pushed into my mouth, and I gladly welcomed it. My hand tangled in his hair as one of his hands slid down my shoulder toward my chest.

He broke the kiss. "Your lips are so soft. Just like I imagined."

"Your hands feel as good as I'd imagined."

"Good." He unzipped my dress, untying the halter straps at the same time. The top fell onto my lap. "Mission accomplished."

"There're still more hurdles." I rose to step out of my dress. Normally, I'd have been trying to cover myself up, but I liked the way his eyes devoured me.

"Yeah, I guess there are." He stood and unclasped my strapless bra, letting it fall on the floor. "I don't know what I did to get this lucky, but I swear I'll keep doing it." He reached for me, but I stopped him. I slowly unbuttoned his shirt, pushing it aside before pulling his white t-shirt over his head.

As soon as he was shirtless, Reed gently pushed me down on the bed. He put his mouth on one of my br**sts. I moaned. He moved his lips to my neck, gently stroking my stomach with his hand. He moved off me long enough to get out of his pants and boxers.

"You weren't kidding about the big part."

"No, I wasn't. We make a good pair, don't we?"

"What do you mean?" I reached for him. I missed him touching me. I ran my hands over his arms, unable to believe I used to think he was too muscular.

"I'm hung, and you're stacked." He pulled off my panties and tossed them. "If college doesn't work out for us, we can make movies."

I laughed, pulling him down on top of me. He moved a hand between my legs, his lips leaving tiny kisses from my neck on down. "On second thought, if we make movies, we can just keep them for ourselves."

"No movies."

"Okay, no movies." He kissed my lips before moving to reach into his bag. He pulled out a package of condoms.

"Someone thought he was getting lucky."

"Don't you mean knew?"

"Is this really the time to get cocky?"

"It's the perfect time."

He kissed me again, first on the lips, before moving to my earlobes, my neck, my stomach, and he continued his trail down. I thought I couldn't take anymore. "Reed, please. I want you," I pleaded. I tried to keep my expectations to a normal level as he moved over me. I closed my eyes-waiting. He thrust inside me, and I knew it was going to be different. We moved together perfectly. I opened my eyes, and he watched me intently. I didn't worry about being quiet. I didn't care who heard. He brought me over the edge, and I could barely breathe as he reached his own climax. We lay there panting, neither of us saying a word.

He moved off me, keeping an arm around my waist.

"Oh my god. Have I really been missing that this whole time?"

"I'm afraid so." He grinned. "If it makes you feel any better, I was thinking the same thing."

"Please tell me we're going to do that again." I ran a hand down his chest.

"Trust me, we will. Many, many times. We have months to make up for."

"That sounds so good."

He laughed. "My little sex addict."

I swatted at him. "I am not-maybe a Reed addict."

"Reed addict? I like that." He ran his hand down my stomach again.

"That feels good." I closed my eyes.

"Yeah? How does this feel?" He moved his hand lower.

"And you talk about being lucky..." I gasped.

His lips brushed against my earlobe. "Am I better than that study group?"

"So much better."

"Good. Let me know if that changes."

"Oh, I will."

***

I woke up snuggled in Reed's arms. Early sun poured into the room, spilling across us.

Reed mumbled something, pulling me close. It didn't take me long to realize that even though he was sleeping, he was definitely ready for action. I decided that if there was ever a time to wake him up, it was the present. I moved out of his arms, grabbed the package of condoms he'd left on the night stand, and climbed on top of him. I let out a deep breath. This was definitely a first. I adjusted us, and his eyes flew open. "Juliet."

I didn't wait for him to fully wake up, but it didn't take long. He reached up and fondled my br**sts. "I thought you weren't a morning person."

"I'm not-but if I get to do this in the morning, I don't mind so much."

He moved his hands to my hips. "You can do this any morning-every morning."

We moved faster, and I was nearly out of breath when I collapsed on top of him.

"I think we should stay in bed all day." He ran his hands down my back.

"That sounds good, but we'll need food. All of this has me hungry."

"I'll keep you fed." He smiled.

I rolled off him, glad when he wrapped his arms around me.

"You are even more amazing than I'd imagined." He kissed my forehead.

"The same goes for you." And that was putting it mildly.

"It's good to know you imagined it."

"Of course I did..." If I was honest with myself, I'd been imagining it since I'd met him. I'd pushed my feelings away because of Dylan, but my attraction to Reed had been there from the beginning.

He laughed. "You had me fooled."

"I can see that."

We spent another hour in bed before deciding to find breakfast. He held my hand as we walked to the elevator, and pushed me back against the wall when the door closed. "Just so you know, I'm no longer keeping my hands off you."

"I don't want you to."

"Good."

I was so distracted I didn't realize the elevator had stopped on another floor.

"Ahem." I peered around Reed to find an older couple giving us a look.

"Sorry," I said quickly before looking down.

We got off in the lobby and went outside. "Are you in the mood for anything in particular?"

"Something sweet. Maybe a pastry."

He smiled. "Sweet, huh? The only problem is that won't really keep you full. You need protein."

"Reed?"

"Yeah?"

"I want something sweet."

He laughed. "Fine. I think there's a cafe around the corner."

"Good. I can have protein for lunch."

He took my hand. "This feels so good."

"Holding my hand?"

"Yes, but I mean everything. Being together. I've wanted this for so long."

"How long?"

"Since laser tag." He squeezed my hand.

"Really? You liked me all decked out?"

"You look hot in everything, but it was your attitude that got me. Most girls would have hid from me instead of taking me out."

"I did shoot you in the back."

"True... I need to remember that."

I used my other hand to swat at him. "It was a game."

"I know. I take it from your reaction that you didn't like me then?"

"I obviously noticed you were attractive."

"Obviously? That's good to know."

"But you were wearing a hat backwards." I didn't actually want to admit it, but I decided to anyway.

"That was enough to write me off?"

"Not write you off... but I kind of assumed you were a jerk."

"You do realize how superficial that sounds, right?"

"Yeah, just a little."

"What changed? What made up for the backwards hat?"

"Getting to know you."

"All right. So when did you figure out you liked me?"

"I don't know. It kind of snuck up on me. The first time I really knew it was when you wouldn't go to my Halloween date party with me."

"I already had plans."

"I know, but I figured out that I wasn't just disappointed about not having a date-I was disappointed you didn't want to be my date."

"I did want to be your date, but it was too late to cancel." He dropped my hand to put his arm around my waist. "I didn't know you even cared until Aaron called me."

"So he did call you. I figured..."

"He pretty much called me an idiot and told me to get over there before you hooked up with some bartender."

"What?! I wasn't going to hook up with the bartender. And why would he tell you that?"

"He knew how into you I was..."

"Oh. I didn't think you'd told anyone."

"I think it was pretty obvious. Well, and I threatened to beat the crap out of Dylan on a daily basis."

I laughed. "I'm glad you showed up, and I'm also glad you're going to my semi-formal with me."

"Too bad yours doesn't involve a hotel."

"We can still go back to your place after..."

"Of course. You can do that any night."

"Good to know I have an open invitation to the messiest room in the world." I assumed it hadn't gotten any cleaner since I'd last seen it. I wondered how different it would be to see it the next time.

"It's not that bad." He pushed open the door to the cafe. It was a small space, but cozy, decorated in all sorts of French decor-from signs to paintings.

"No, it could be worse. As long as you change your sheets, we're okay."

"I do my laundry. You're the one who forgot my stuff in the washer."

"Maybe, but at least I know how to sort my clothes."

He laughed as he led me to the counter. I checked out the display case, eventually settling on a chocolate croissant. Reed got one too. He also ordered us coffees. I loved how he didn't have to ask how I liked mine. He knew to put in exactly one and a half packets of sweetener.

We took a seat at a small table, and I dove right in to my croissant. "Mmm, this is so good."

"So, you make that sound other times?"

My face heated when a couple at the next table looked at us. I kicked Reed under the table.

"Hey!"

"You deserved that. Get your mind out of the gutter."

"You can't blame me."

"I was there too, and I'm thinking about normal things."

"I didn't moan."

I shook my head. "What's the plan for today?"

"Anything you want to do, darling." He leaned over and wiped chocolate off my lip. It was such an intimate gesture, and he seemed to do it without thinking.

"Good. Let's explore."

We ended up in Forsyth Park. As someone who loves Southern foliage, I was in heaven. Yeah, I know I talk about trees a lot, but they make me happy. Large, mossy oaks lined the park. I had a feeling they'd be nice when it was hot. It wasn't the trees putting me in such a good mood that day though, it was Reed.

"You aren't too cold, are you?" He squeezed my gloved hand. The temperature had dropped into the forties. Thankfully, the sun helped a lot.

"I'm fine." I smiled.

"You seem happy."

"I am. Beautiful day, beautiful park, and good company."

"I'm not beautiful?" he teased.

"Of course you are." I took my hand from his long enough to pat him on the back.

He took my hand in his again. "Part of me doesn't want to go back."

"I know what you mean. I don't want this to end."

"It won't end. It will just have to fit into the real world."

"Good thing my boss won't mind me flirting with you on the job."

He laughed. "I think he's going to insist on it." He leaned in to give me a quick kiss. "This park is really nice in the spring. We'll have to come back."

"Did you come to Savannah a lot growing up?"

"I didn't move to Charleston until my last two years of high school."

"Oh... I thought you were from there."

"No. I moved down from Philadelphia after Shannon died." He looked away.

I squeezed his hand. "You just wanted to get away?"

"From my parents. I can't even look at them. I make it my business to stay away when they visit Al."

"You mean when they visit you..." I said it softly, but I wanted him to hear.

He responded just as quietly. "Yes."

"Do you blame them? For not believing her?"

"For not believing either of us. For caring more about reputation than their daughter."

"It's been five years...don't you think it's time you gave them a chance?"

"You've been my girlfriend for less than twenty-four hours, and you're already nagging me?"

"Girlfriend?"

"That wasn't a random hook up, and this isn't a casual date." He said it so confidently, like there was no other way to view it.

"Girlfriend. I'm Reed's girlfriend."

He laughed. "Trying it out?"

"I think it fits."

"I know it does." He put his arm around my waist, pulling me against his side, and I knew I'd found my favorite spot.

Chapter Twenty-Two

Reed kissed me goodbye when he dropped me off in front of my dorm. Other than that, it could have been like any night after work. That was one of the best parts of our relationship: how seamlessly we'd moved from friends to more than friends. It didn't stop there either.

We fell into an easy routine during the last few weeks of classes and exams. We already worked together three nights a week, and I usually ended up spending those nights at his place. One side benefit was that I saw Cara tons more. She spent almost every night with Aaron. Mallory joked that we needed to find her another Kappa, but I think she enjoyed the single life.

I'd managed to avoid Dylan so far, but he still left me weekly voicemails to "check in." I told Reed about them, just to keep everything in the open. He offered to talk to Dylan for me, but I was afraid talking might involve a fist, and the calls weren't that bad. I assured him it wasn't that big of a deal.

"Have you figured out your winter break plans yet?" Reed moved behind me on his bed, giving me a shoulder rub. I needed it. Putting off my biology studying was turning out to be a huge mistake.

"My brother, Brandon, is supposed to pick me up after my last exam, and my dad is going to bring me back."

"Any chance you'd come back early for New Year's?"

"Won't the dorms be closed?"

He pulled me back against him. "This house won't be."

"My dad would have a heart attack."

"Can't he drop you off at the Delta Mu house?"

"Reed Bryce, are you suggesting I lie to my father about my sleeping arrangements?"

He took one of my hands in his. "You're already doing it. I doubt they know how often you stay here."

"True." I definitely hadn't mentioned that to my parents when I'd told them about my new boyfriend. "All right. I'll come back early."

"Good. I want to spend New Year's together."

"Me too." I turned around and got in his lap.

"Before I get too distracted, I have another idea."

"Yeah?" I asked impatiently. I really wanted him to kiss me.

"I can drive you home and save your brother the trip."

"But then you'd have to drive back."

"So? I have nothing planned." He stretched out his legs. We'd been sitting for way too long. I was so sick of studying for finals it wasn't funny.

"You really don't mind?"

"Nope. The question is, are you ready to introduce me to your family?"

"My parents are going to be in Vermont visiting my dad's sister, so it will just be my brothers."

"Should I worry about meeting them?"

"Probably a little. They're kind of protective."

He leaned his head closer to mine. "I bet I can handle them."

"I bet you can, but let's stop talking about my brothers."

"I like that idea." He pulled my face to his and helped me forget about studying biology.

***

"Are you ready for the ultimate road trip?" Reed stowed the last of my bags.

"We have snacks and music. I think we can handle it." I got into the passenger side, still not sure how I felt about going home for break.

"It's only eight hours." Reed must have mapped out our trip up to Maryland.

"I can't believe you plan to turn around and head back in two days."

"What's the problem? You don't think that's enough time to show me around?"

"It's a lot of driving."

"I appreciate your concern for my well-being." He pulled onto the interstate, and I felt a mix of emotions. I missed my family, but I wasn't looking forward to spending even a few days without Reed.

We spent the trip singing along to bad pop songs and trying to come up with New Year's plans. An eight-hour drive had never gone by so fast. We only stopped twice for gas and food, and before I knew it, we were at my house.

"Nick? Brandon?" I knew my brothers were both around because their cars were in the driveway.

"Up here," Nick called down. It sounded like he was in the attic.

I walked up to the second floor and called up the attic stairs. "What are you guys doing?"

Reed followed me up the attic stairs.

"Looking for Dad's old records."

"Because that's not weird."

"You're weird. They're for a friend." Brandon finally noticed Reed. "Oh, hi."

"Hey, I'm Reed."

"Nice to meet you. I'm Brandon, and this is Nick." He pointed at his twin. They weren't identical, but people usually thought they were.

"Great to finally meet you. I've heard all about you." Reed seemed so comfortable. I'd have been nervous if I was him.

"Only good things, I hope." Nick nudged me in the side. He always did that.

"Of course. Would you really think otherwise?"

"Yes," both my brothers said at once.

I sneezed from the dust. "Can we please get out of the attic?"

"Yes, Princess," Nick mocked.

I didn't respond. Instead, I headed downstairs, pulling Reed with me. I didn't stop till we were in the den.

We sat on the couch, and my brothers each took chairs.

"We're probably supposed to grill you or something, but anyone willing to put up with our sister can't be that bad."

I stuck my tongue out at Nick.

"But seriously, it's cool you drove Juliet up." Brandon was probably glad he didn't have to make the trip.

"Not a problem. I don't have much going on, and I wanted to meet some of her family."

"Our parents wanted to meet you. You'll have to come back some other time." It was weird hearing Brandon talk like Reed and I were going to be together long-term. I guessed that was the assumption when I brought someone home.

***

"Was that Al?" I waited for Reed to hang up his phone. I'd just come back down after taking a shower.

"Yeah. He says my parents are coming for New Year's instead of Christmas this year."

"Oh. Are you going to see them?"

"You really want me to, don't you?"

"You already know that answer. They're your parents, Reed."

"I'm only going to do it if you're with me. I can't trust myself to not go off on them otherwise."

"I'll be there." I sat down next to him on the pull-out couch he was sleeping on. I'd offered him my room, but he'd refused.

"I don't want to leave tomorrow." Two days had moved far too quickly. I wasn't ready to say goodbye yet.

"You don't have to."

"Yeah, I do. I have to work Wednesday." Reed didn't get a week and a half off the way I did.

"Fine. At least I'll see you next week."

"Uh huh, it's just a few days." He leaned over and kissed me.

I broke the kiss fairly quickly. "My brothers are still up."

"I know, and I'm not going to cross them."

I laughed. "They can't scare you."

"They don't, but I respect them. They gave me the talk, by the way."

"The talk?"

"The 'you'd better not hurt our sister' talk. It was a good one, and I understand it."

I leaned my head on his chest. "I bet you were an awesome brother."

"I was younger, so Shannon probably thought I was annoying most of the time."

"My brothers are annoying, but they're still great."

"It's fun to watch you guys together."

"Yeah? I feel like I revert to a kid around them."

He played with a strand of my hair. "It's cute. You seem younger, but not in a bad way."

I pecked him on the lips. "I should let you get some sleep if you're going to leave early."

"Probably. I'll miss you, though."

"Me too. Sleep well." I leaned to kiss him again, but he pulled me onto his lap.

"What was that about respecting my brothers?"

"I do respect them, which is why I haven't been sneaking into your room, but that doesn't mean I can't hold you a little."

"I'd like that."

He kissed me, and I enjoyed it, not letting myself worry about the door flying open. My brothers would have to deal with the fact that I'd grown up.

I broke the kiss reluctantly, moving my hand from where it had woven its way under Reed's white t-shirt. "Good night."

"Sweet dreams."

I got up before I could change my mind.

Chapter Twenty-Three

To:

After dinner, Reed went outside to shoot some hoops with his uncle and dad. I figured it was a male bonding thing and hung back with his mom.

"Come, let's sit." Andie took a seat on a beige couch.

I sat on the opposite cushion. "Dinner was lovely. It's great to meet you."

She folded her hands in her lap. "I can't express in words what tonight has meant to us. I can't thank you enough for everything."

"What are you thanking me for?"

"Bringing my son back." Tears pooled in her eyes.

"I appreciate the credit, but it wasn't me."

"Yes, it was. After five years, he's finally willing to talk to us. I know it isn't a coincidence. Al told us Reed only agreed after you encouraged it."

"I just thought he'd waited long enough."

"It's been far too long. It's hard enough losing one child, but practically losing a second..." Tears streaked down her cheeks.

I wasn't sure what to do, so I let her keep talking. "I don't know what Reed's told you, but it wasn't as black and white as he thought. Shannon never told us she was that unhappy. If we'd known-"

I reached out an arm and then pulled it back. I had no idea what the proper response was. "I'm sure."

"Is he happy?"

The question came out of nowhere, but I realized the answer was important. "Sometimes. Sometimes, he's so happy you can't stop him from grinning like a little kid."

"I bet that has to do with you."

I shrugged. "He makes me happy, too."

"I'm glad. I'm glad he has someone." Her tears fell heavily, and I had to hug her.

"I know he might not want it, but I need him back in my life. I can't do this anymore."

"He wants it." I knew my words were true. It was fear more than anything that held him back.

"Thank you."

I wasn't sure how to respond to her thanking me yet again, but luckily Reed walked into the room. He sat down between us. "Have I been missing an interesting conversation?" He only said it to ease the tension. He must have seen his mother's face and realized she was crying.

When he reached over to wipe a tear off my face, I realized I'd been crying, too. It wasn't my place to cry-but hearing his mom just made me feel so lucky. I had an amazing family, an amazing boyfriend, and amazing life. I felt embarrassed for spending so much time moping around over something as stupid as my relationship with Dylan.

"Do you kids have big plans tonight?" Al slumped down into a recliner. His athletic body looked out of sorts in such a relaxed position. I'd barely ever seen him sit down. Even during dinner, he'd gotten up every few minutes.

He must have caught me looking at him. "What? Your boyfriend just schooled me. I'm too old for that."

"Quit complaining, old man. I went easy on you," Reed ribbed. "But to answer your question, we do have plans. We're going to a party an alum from my house is throwing."

"Nice. If I were your age, I'd go."

"You need to find a girlfriend, Al."

"What, now that you've decided to end your bachelor days, I should too?"

"It's a good experience. Trust me." He put an arm around the back of the couch behind me.

***

"Do you want to get out of here?" The party had been a nice idea, but it wasn't really our scene. Reed knew some people, but it got boring pretty quickly.

"Sure. I have the perfect idea of how to ring in the New Year." I got excited just thinking about it.

"What?"

"Airplane gazing."

He grinned. "That sounds perfect, but will you be warm enough?" He gestured to my short dress.

"You have blankets."

"And I'll do my best to keep you warm."

"You'd better."

We pulled into the field at eleven forty-five. That didn't leave much time before the New Year. We cuddled up under some blankets in the back of the truck, and although it was colder, it felt a lot like the first time.

I snuggled in closer to his side. "I wanted you to kiss me so bad last time we were here."

"I wanted to kiss you, too."

"Why didn't you?" I brushed an eyelash off his cheek.

"I didn't want to push you. I wanted to let you set the pace."

I laughed. "What would have happened if I hadn't asked you to my semi-formal?"

"I was planning to ask you to mine anyway."

"Cutting it kind of close, weren't you?" I lifted my head off his chest to look at him.

"Maybe just a little." His expression suddenly turned serious. "I love you." He looked right into my eyes as he said the words for the first time.

"I love you." I kissed him as soon as I saw the expression of pure happiness on his face.

Maybe it was the words, but I knew I needed a lot more than a kiss. I started unbuttoning his shirt.

"Dare I ask what you're doing, Oakley?"

"Undressing you."

"I could ask you to expand on that, but instead I'm going to do the same thing."

A few minutes later, he was on top of me. I giggled as a plane took off. We were really about to have sex outside with airplanes flying over us. It was kind of surreal.

The sex was even better that night. It was as if our bodies had really become one. Afterward, I wondered if it was because he was finally able to give me all of him. He was done holding back.

"Do you realize it's 12:02?" Reed asked after he rolled off me. He had me wrapped up in his arms. I was most definitely not cold.

"That's a nice way to start a New Year."

"I was hoping for a New Year's kiss, but New Year's sex was pretty good too. Maybe we can make it a tradition."

"I don't know. I might be busy next year." We were setting up our second tradition. Not bad for two and a half months.

He tickled me. "Okay, okay. I'll be available."

For some reason, that tickling got me in the mood again. I moved my hand down to grab him, loving the groan it elicited. We didn't get any further before a bright light blinded me.

"Oh no." Reed's groan of pleasure became something else entirely.

The car stopped right next to the truck. Reed made sure to cover me up with the blankets before the police officer reached the bed of the truck. He shined a flashlight on us.

The officer grinned when he realized what we were doing. "Do you realize this is city owned property?"

I wanted to pull the blanket over my head. I was beyond mortified.

"Yes, sir. We were just leaving."

"Somehow, I doubt that."

"It's all my girlfriend's fault. She couldn't wait to get home."

I opened my mouth to argue but shut it. There was no reason to make things worse.

The young officer chuckled. "And I'm sure you weren't a willing participant. Next time, get a room."

He walked away.

"Wait, we're not getting busted?" I sat up, pulling the blanket with me.

"No, but we probably should get dressed and head home." Reed turned on his flashlight and found our clothes.

"That's probably a good idea, but way to throw me under the bus. I couldn't wait to get home?"

"This was your idea..."

"And you enjoyed it."

"Of course, and I plan to pick up where we stopped off when we get home."

"That sounds good to me." He kept his word. I went to sleep that night wishing I could fall asleep in his arms every night.

Chapter Twenty-Four

To:

"No."

I leaned forward. "Take. It. Back."

"No."

"You asked for it." I lunged for him, but he was already on his way into the kitchen. "Are you running away from a girl, Reed?"

"I'm running away from a crazy girl!"

"This is your last warning."

"Or what? You're going to keep chasing me?" He laughed.

"No. It's going to be a lot worse."

"Crazy."

I reached into the pantry behind me and pulled out a bag of flour. "You deserve this." I took a handful of the flour and aimed it at him. It barely got the back of his shirt.

"Oh, we're playing dirty, huh?" He grabbed the bag from me and proceeded to pour half of it over my head. The only positive side was that some of it got on him in the process.

"Reed!"

"Yes?"

That's when I went for the sauce. It wasn't a small jar.

"You're not going to throw pizza sauce on me."

"Oh, I'm not?"

"Nope. You don't have it in you."

"I don't?" I took a step toward him and tried to get him with it, but of course, I slipped on some sauce that spilled on the floor, and I ended up wearing half the jar before he caught me in his arms.

He pushed me back against the counter. "You are such trouble."

"Am I trouble, or am I crazy?"

"Both, but right now, mostly trouble." He wiped flour and sauce off my cheek.

"I bet I look pretty hot right now, huh?"

"Actually you do." He leaned over me. "Very hot." The last words were whispered against my ear before his lips began to descend to my neck.

I moaned. "You actually look pretty hot, too."

"Do I?" His lips hovered just above mine.

"Yeah."

He teased me, brushing his lips against mine before pulling away.

"No fair."

"I'm not kissing you until you admit that commercial was emotional."

"No." I wet my lips. I wanted to kiss him so much, but I hated admitting defeat.

"No? That's too bad. I was looking forward to kissing you."

He ran a finger over my bottom lip. "Are you sure about your answer?"

I squeezed my eyes shut. This was stupid. His macho ego wasn't going to give up. "It's an emotional commercial."

"I'm glad you finally admit it." His lips brushed against mine again. I was about to complain when he sped it up. My hands tangled in his hair as his arms wrapped around my waist. I slipped my hands under his t-shirt as his hands did the same to mine. He got my shirt off first, but I tugged on his to move him close to me again. "Take off your shirt."

"First you attack me with food, and now you're ordering me to remove my clothing?"

"I'm your girlfriend. I'm allowed to want you shirtless."

"At least you're not telling me I have the 'roid look anymore." He pulled his shirt over his head.

"Nope, just the Reed look." I ran my hands over his chest. A little bit of the flour from his shirt had gotten on him. It was nothing compared to the sauce that had seeped through my shirt onto my skin. He kissed my chest between my br**sts and continued down to my stomach. "Tomato basil? At least you picked a good sauce." Something about the way his mouth felt on me drove me wild. I reached out, unbuckling his belt. "I know this is going to violate at least ten health codes, but I'm not waiting until we get home."

"Hopefully, we won't get busted this time. At least we're not outside."

I laughed against his mouth as I leaned up to kiss him. He stepped out of his pants, kicking them to the side. He unbuttoned my jeans, sliding them over my hips with exaggerated slowness. "I love undressing you."

"Then finish."

"I love this bossy thing. It works for you." He slipped off my panties and dropped his boxers before lifting me up and placing me on the counter. "This is going to violate a lot more than ten codes, but I don't care." He pulled on my legs to position me on the very edge of the counter. A small smile spread across his lips.

I bit his shoulder to stop myself from crying out as he moved inside me. I could have been flying, it felt so good. Confident I wouldn't scream, I leaned my head back to let his mouth move to my neck. I raked my nails down his back.

"Reed!" So much for keeping quiet.

"Juliet." Right as I thought he was about to reach his release, he sped up, as caught up in ecstasy as I was. He pushed me over the edge again just as he shuddered. Breathless, I leaned forward into him. I'd never experienced anything like it.

"Oh my god." My heart beat a mile a minute.

"Yeah, this bossy thing definitely works."

"Maybe it's the sauce," I managed to choke out after my breathing returned to normal.

"If that's true, then I'm taking a case home." He leaned his forehead against mine.

That's when we heard the bell on the counter. We hadn't locked the front door. Did we actually have a customer?

We hurriedly got dressed. My t-shirt was completely soaked with sauce, so I had to take one of the extras-the smallest size was large. I looked like I was wearing a clown shirt.

"Are you guys decent?" Danny called back. At least it wasn't a customer.

"Why wouldn't we be?"

Danny laughed. "Dude, I heard you guys as soon as I walked in."

I buried my face in my hands. "It was still worth it."

Reed kissed the back of my neck. "Completely worth it."

I took another minute to compose myself before joining the guys out at the counter.

***

"Hey, what are you doing back here?" Reed kissed me. I'd only left his house a few hours earlier.

"I forgot my phone in your room." I'd noticed it after my first class when I went to call Cara. We were supposed to meet for lunch.

"Oh, go on up. I can join you if you want." He wriggled an eyebrow.

I put a hand on his chest. "Not a chance. I have another class soon."

He laughed. "Fine, I'll take a rain check until tonight."

"Only if you're good," I said over my shoulder as I started up the stairs.

It took me a minute to find my phone. I knew where I'd left it on his desk, but it was buried under some papers. I had no idea how he found anything in that mess.

He'd left his laptop on-with his email open. I couldn't help glancing at it, and I thought I would pass out when I saw a very familiar name. I leaned over and opened the email. What the hell? I took a seat on his desk chair and searched his mail archive-there were tons. I felt the tears before I realized I was crying. He'd been emailing with Amy all semester. I found the first one, and I thought my heart had stopped.

To:

"Then she's an idiot." Amanda said it like it was the most obvious conclusion.

Mallory moved her arm so she could look me right in the eye. "Or more likely, she thought she was helping. Still, she was wrong."

"I can't be with him anymore. I can't be with someone when our whole friendship was fake."

"What can we do?" Jana asked.

"Nothing. I just needed to get it out."

"Do you want a night out or a night in?" Amanda tied her hair up in a bun.

"In. Definitely a night in."

"Okay. Mallory, go back with Juliet to get your stuff. I'll call everyone." Amanda really knew how to take charge.

I shook my head. "But it's Friday night."

"And you need a girls' night." Amanda smiled.

If someone had told me back in August that my sorority sisters, especially Amanda, would ever help me through something like that, I would have laughed. But they did.

We spent the night watching romantic comedies. I went through a box of tissues, but it felt good to cry. I also ate enough junk food to last a lifetime-but it was great. I was going to be okay. I knew that. If Reed had taught me anything, it was that I could be on my own. But the truth was that I wasn't on my own. Somehow, through all the guy drama that year, I'd managed to make some amazing friends.

Chapter Twenty-Five

The first email from Amy came Friday night.

To:

"Good idea." Tally had a different idea of how to comfort. I didn't know which one I liked better.

The cab dropped us off right in front of the restaurant. A decent crowd mingled around the entrance, but we went inside, hoping some of them were just waiting around. I was about to give our name to the hostess when I saw a site I knew would throw Tally into a funk. Dylan and Ryan sat at a table with a couple of girls.

I headed back to my friends. "Do you guys really want to eat here?"

"What's wrong?" Tally asked immediately.

"Your ex may or may not be here." Before I even finished the sentence, Tally was peering around the corner.

"Darn it." The look on Tally's face was one I understood.

I was about to once again suggest we leave when I noticed a group of good looking guys watching us. I smiled, hatching a plan. One of the guys smiled back, and I took it as an invitation.

"Be right back."

"Hey there," the guy who smiled said as soon as I walked over. I didn't need to turn around to know that Tally and Mallory were probably staring at me.

"Hi. I know this is going to sound really strange, but I have a favor to ask." I couldn't believe I was about to do it. I turned back around and saw the look of hurt on Tally's face. It was the only motivation I needed. "Is there any way you guys would share a table with my friends and me?" I gestured over to Tally and Mallory.

I had all of the guys' attention.

The first guy grinned. "That doesn't sound very strange. Forward, but not strange."

"You see, my friend's ex-boyfriend is here. And, okay, my ex too, but this is about her. They're here with girls, and I don't want her to feel embarrassed."

The guys all laughed. "I get it."

"Is that a yes?"

"Not a problem."

"Are you guys all at the Citadel?" I gestured to the hat one wore.

"Yeah. Why?" the one with the hat asked.

"My dad was Army." Maybe common ground would make me seem less weird.

"Oh, cool."

"I'm Juliet, by the way. Want to meet my friends?"

"Sure." The first guy nodded.

"Well, hello there." Mallory recovered quickly from her surprise when I walked over with the four guys. Tally grinned. It was worth the embarrassment for that smile.

We waited a few minutes before we got a table. Tally made sure to take a seat with her back partially to Ryan, but I wasn't so lucky. I tried not to look at Dylan while I chatted with the two guys seated on either side of me. We hadn't even gotten our first course when Ryan noticed us. The look of shock on his face when he realized Tally was with me was priceless. He nudged Dylan who looked right at me. He looked confused for a moment but then quickly got up and walked over.

"Where's Reed?" Dylan cut right to the chase.

"We broke up." I refused to look down. Dylan couldn't intimidate me anymore. It hurt to talk about Reed though.

"Oh." His shoulders relaxed but then he looked at Chad, the guy on my right who had just put his arm around my shoulder. His friend Mike was doing the same thing with Tally.

Ryan looked like he was going to be sick. He walked over right as Mike said something to make Tally laugh. The timing was perfect. She turned and met Ryan's eye.

"Hi, Ryan," she said in an overly sweet voice.

"Hey, Tally. You, uh, look great."

"Your date looks great, too." She nodded toward the girls at their table. They watched us with confusion.

"She's not my date. We're here as friends."

"Whatever." Tally looked back over at Mike.

Dylan was still looking at Chad and me, trying to figure it out.

"Well, it was nice seeing you guys, but I think your friends want you back."

Dylan recovered first. "Oh, yeah. I guess you're right. But if you ever want to talk or meet for coffee or something, just give me a call."

"Good night." I didn't think I needed to bother turning him down. I never thought I'd live to see the day when Dylan asked me out for coffee.

The rest of dinner was pleasant. It actually seemed like Tally and Mike were hitting it off. That's the reason I was more than willing to go with the guys to a house party.

We hung out with them a few hours, and I took Chad's number strictly as friends. He said he wouldn't mind an invite to any of my sorority parties. I promised him I'd keep him in mind. Maybe it wasn't the best Valentine's Day ever, but it did fix things with Tally. I had just turned off the light when I knew it for sure.

"Thanks, Juliet."

"What am I being thanked for, exactly?"

"For being you."

I laughed. "It takes a lot of work to do that."

"And you manage to make it seem effortless."

"It's called talent." I went to sleep with a smile on my face.

Chapter Twenty-Six

"Nineteen wasn't a big birthday the last time I checked." I set aside my history book.

"Any birthday is a big birthday. Well, until thirty, then it goes downhill. Or that's what my mom says." Mallory continued browsing the dresses in my closet.

"Don't get me wrong, I'm all about going out, I just don't want you guys to feel like you have to make a big deal of it."

"You made a big deal out of mine." Cara smiled. I had a feeling she was daydreaming about Aaron.

"What time are we going?" I joined Mallory at my closet. I had no clue what to wear.

"Nine. And I think you should wear this one." Mallory held up a simple, black halter dress. It was short, but not too short.

"I was going to pick that one."

"Great minds think alike."

I laughed. "That they do."

I had just put away my makeup bag when my phone rang. I didn't recognize the number, but based on the extra digits, I had a suspicion about who it might be.

"Hello?"

"Juliet, hey. Please, let me talk."

Cara and Mallory waved as they slipped out of the room.

I realized that I was over being angry with her. Besides, I'd missed hearing her voice. "Hi, Amy."

"I'm sorry. I messed up, but I was only trying to help you."

"I get that, and I forgive you. But next time, let me handle it myself." I'd always gone to Amy for advice about everything. It was time I grew up and figured things out on my own.

"Sometimes I forget you're not a little kid anymore."

"I'm not. I'm sure I'll keep making mistakes, but they're mine to make."

"He's a good guy," she said nervously.

"Are you trying to push your luck?"

"It's true. I think he really cares about you, and if you love him, you should give it another chance." She sounded sincere, as if she really believed it.

I sighed. "I'm glad you called, Amy. I really am, but I don't want to talk about Reed."

"Happy birthday."

"Thanks, I wasn't sure if you remembered what day it was."

"Of course I did. I miss you. Maybe you can come out here when I have my time off."

I laughed. "We'll see about that."

"Take care of yourself."

"You too. Love you."

"Love you too, Juliet."

I set aside my phone with a mix of emotions. It was great talking to Amy, but I hated how she made me think about Reed even more than I already did.

***

The club was packed. After waiting in line for what felt like forever, we got in.

"What do you guys want to drink?" Cara asked.

"Just a beer for me." I still didn't love getting drunk. I liked being in control, and I couldn't do that if I had more than a few drinks. I'd learned that the hard way at one of Reed's date parties. He'd been there to take care of me, but I'm pretty sure I ended up dancing on a table. After that incident, I'd discovered that I could nurse a beer a lot longer than anything else.

"Same. Want to just get some Coronas?"

"Sure. Be right back." Cara walked over to the bar, flashing a smile at the bartender to cut ahead of about ten people.

I laughed. "She's got the touch."

"You could probably pull it off, too. Especially in a dress like that."

"Look who's talking."

Mallory looked down at her tight red dress. "Good point."

We were still laughing when Cara got back. "Do you want the good news or bad news first?"

"What?" My stomach dropped. By the smile on her face, I was pretty sure I knew both.

"The good news is that Aaron is here."

"Does the bad news have to do with Reed?" I didn't even need to ask. I'd run into him on campus a few times but refused to talk to him. I missed him too much.

"Yeah, he's here too. I think he has a birthday present for you, by the way."

"I don't want anything from him."

"You know he's still crazy about you, right?"

"Yeah? Then why is he flirting with Amber Neils?" I nodded toward where he stood with the girl he'd gone to a crush party with months before.

"He's not flirting."

"Whatever. Go hang out with Aaron. I'll do my own thing."

"Hey, I'm not ditching you." I didn't need to turn around to realize they were both following me.

"I know you want to hang out with him. I don't care." I could feel tears welling. I couldn't believe it bothered me so much. I knew he'd date someone else eventually.

"Why don't you just admit you want to get back together with him? That would solve everything." Mallory touched my arm gently.

"Except I don't want to. I'm not ready."

"All right, then. Let's go dance." Mallory took my hand, leading me into the crowd. I downed my beer, enjoying the music. I decided to have one more beer, and that was probably a good thing.

"You ready to have some real fun?" Mallory knew how to make everything interesting. She was an awesome friend, and it was hard to imagine surviving college without her.

"Real fun?"

She grinned and then leaned over to whisper in Cara's ear.

"I know you're talking about me."

"We are. Consider it a birthday present."

Mallory took my hand and stopped in front of one of those dance platforms. She got the attention of one of the girls up there. "No way. No way, Mallory."

"Oh, yes." She headed up, pulling me with her.

I took a deep breath. I could do this. I could dance.

Mallory made it easy. We danced closely, and I knew from the shouting that we had an audience. What did surprise me was when Mallory whispered in my ear. "It looks like you got someone's attention."

I followed her gaze. Reed stood on the floor right next to us, watching me with wide eyes. Mallory and I jumped down together.

"I'm going to get a drink." She winked and walked off.

"Any chance I can get a dance with the birthday girl?" Reed gave me the sweet smile that always melted my heart.

"I don't think so."

"Just one dance?" His eyes pleaded.

I nodded. "Just one."

He started to move, putting his arms around my waist. The contact felt so good that I didn't shrug him off until the end of the song.

"You're really sticking to the one song thing?" Disappointment was clear in his voice.

"I can't do this. I don't think-"

"Don't. Just take this." He slid a small USB drive into my palm.

"What is it?"

"The emails, all of them. Do us both a favor, and keep reading. You stopped too early."

"Reed, I don't know what you're expecting it to do."

"Nothing. I'm not expecting it to do anything, but I want you to read them anyway. I also want you to know that I'm here. I'm not giving up on us. When you're ready, come find me." He kissed me on the cheek. "Happy birthday." He watched me for a second before walking away. I stood there, stunned, clutching the small, black piece of plastic.

I was still clutching the USB drive when Mallory found me a few minutes later. "Do I want to know what that is?" She touched my fist.

"Something I don't want to look at but probably should."

"In that case, do you want to get a cab home? I have a feeling Cara's going to stay."

I followed Mallory's gaze to where Cara leaned into Aaron. "Yeah, let's head home."

***

I read through the emails. I'd prepared with a cup of hot chocolate and a box of tissues. Starting to read them at one a.m. probably wasn't the best idea, but I just wanted to get it over with. Tally had gone home for the weekend, so I could cry as loud as I wanted to.

I started where I'd left off. They were more of the same. Mostly, just updates on me, but then, suddenly, they changed.

To:

I kissed his cheek. "We'll both be getting naked later."

"All right, that sounds like a good deal."

I made a quick phone call while he got dressed.

"You need to drive." I tossed Reed his keys.

"Okay..."

"Are you going to tell me who you called?"

"I called in a gate pass. We're going to my family's beach house."

"That sounds great and all, but is there any particular reason why?"

"We're going skinny dipping."

"Isn't it a little cold?"

"The pool is ready for the season already, and I have to do this."

"Normally, I'd argue, but I'd probably do anything you asked right now."

***

I stared at the water. It even looked cold. Maybe I should have just forgotten it and gone inside, but I wasn't giving up. I pulled off my clothes and tossed them on the ground-next to the two white towels I'd remembered to grab on our way outside. Reed just watched.

"You don't have to join me if you don't want to. It was enough that you drove with me." I wanted him to join me.

"This really matters to you, doesn't it?" he asked. I could tell he was trying really hard to look at my face, but I wasn't making it easy on him-standing there completely naked.

"Yes. But Reed?"

"Yeah?"

"It's cold. Shut up and get naked."

He grinned. "Yes, ma'am." He pulled off his t-shirt, and the rest of his clothes followed.

I took in all of him. I'd never get tired of looking at him. "Ready?"

"Always."

We jumped in holding hands. The water was even colder than I'd expected-I mean freezing. When we came to the surface, I started to laugh, really laugh.

"What's so funny?"

"Everything."

He moved to the wall and pulled me with him. "As much fun as this is, any time you're ready to go inside, just say the word."

"I'm ready."

He didn't wait another beat. He jumped out and held a towel open for me. He insisted on drying me off before drying himself. Wrapped in a towel, I stood on my tiptoes to kiss him. "I love you, Reed Bryce."

"You know I love you, Juliet Monroe."

"I do know, and that's really-"

"Cool?"

"All I need to know."

His lips met mine again, and I let him carry me inside. I'm sure you can guess what happened next, but what you might not know is that it was the best ever. But then again, it always is with Reed. Yeah, I said 'is', because we're still together, but none of that's part of this story. This story was about skinny dipping, remember? One last piece of advice: if you do decide to go skinny dipping, make sure to bring a towel.

