Chapter One

Jake

As the speedometer hit seventy, I knew I had to go faster. Nothing could be fast enough to get away from the night I'd had. In the course of a few minutes, I'd probably lost my brother's trust forever-and I deserved it.

I should have expected Daniela would be trouble when she cornered me at a barbeque in her brother Tom's backyard. She had that gleam in her eyes and a drink in her cup that was probably a hell of a lot stronger than the beer I was holding. I tried to shrug her off, but she wasn't having any of it. She followed me around like a lost puppy all night.

I finished off my beer and headed back onto the deck so I could get another. I took a seat, trying to ignore the conversations around me.

"Do you want to get out of here?" Daniela came up behind me, putting her arms around my neck.

I turned in my seat, pushing her off me in the process. "Is that a joke?"

"Why not? We used to have fun, didn't we?" She smiled at me in a way that used to work. It didn't anymore.

Our hook ups in high school weren't something I was proud of. "Fun? I'd call it self- destruction. I think I'm okay."

"Doesn't it bother you?" She took a seat next to me and scooted her chair as close to mine as she could.

I leaned away from her. "Doesn't what bother me?"

"That Molly is having Ben's baby." Daniela nodded toward where Molly laughed with her friend a few feet away. My brother, Ben, was looking at her out of the corner of his eye. He was so in love with Molly it was hard to watch sometimes.

"She's his wife. It's kind of expected she'd have his kids." I ripped the label off my beer. I needed to make my exit.

"Come on. You know it bugs you." She ran her nails across the back of my neck.

I shrugged her off again. "What the f**k is your point, Daniela? She's my sister-in-law. She's pregnant with my niece or nephew."

"He still doesn't know, does he?"

"Don't go there." I tried to think of a way to get Daniela out of there before she said something really dumb.

"I know it bothers you just as much as it bothers me."

I looked her straight in the eye. "It doesn't. I'm happy for them." I was. Ben had been miserable without Molly. He didn't even act like himself. It was nice to have him back.

"Please. You couldn't have changed that much."

"I have. I got over it a long time ago. I had a stupid crush. You were obsessed." It still seemed insane I'd liked Molly at all. We couldn't go ten minutes in the same room without fighting.

"Bullshit." She got that excited look again. With Daniela, that always meant something bad.

"What are you thinking?"

"If you're over it, you wouldn't mind me telling Ben and Molly, would you?" She put a hand on my leg. She needed to stop touching me already.

"You wouldn't dare." I ran a hand through my hair nervously.

"I wouldn't?"

"Don't be an idiot, Daniela." She was always a mean drunk.

"Don't be an idiot?" She got out of her chair. "You mean don't tell Ben how you wanted Molly in high school?" She raised her voice loudly enough to get everyone's attention.

"Daniela, shut up."

"Or wait. Maybe you don't want them to know how you had me try to seduce Ben so he'd cheat on Molly. Oops... I wasn't supposed to tell him that, was I?" She put a hand in front of her mouth like the words had just fallen out or something. I was ready to kill her.

I dared to glance at Ben, who was shooting me daggers, while walking over to Molly.

"What is she talking about?" Molly took a few steps toward me.

I played with the keys inside the pocket of my shorts. I needed to get out of there. "It's nothing. She's just drunk."

Daniela laughed. "It's true, Molly. Jake wanted to break you guys up."

Molly turned to Ben. "Is she telling the truth?"

"I never slept with her!" He put an arm around Molly. "I remember a night during senior year when she, uh, offered, but I said no."

Daniela sneered. "He did say no. He didn't want anyone but his precious Molly."

"Okay, you need to go sober up." Tom grabbed his sister's arm and dragged her inside.

Ben looked like he was ready to kill me. I knew I deserved it. "Did you try to set me up?"

I made a decision in that moment. Maybe it was a dumb one-but I decided to be honest. "Yes."

"You set me up to cheat on Molly? What? What f**king reason would you have to do that?" He turned red and had both hands in his hair. He was ready to explode.

"I know how dumb it was. Daniela suggested it, and it made sense at the time." A lot of stupid ideas sound great when you're drunk.

"Her suggestion? Why the hell would she suggest it?"

"She always had a crush on you." Molly spoke so softly I barely heard her. She turned to Ben. "Was it at that party at Tanner's? The one I didn't go to because I was grounded?"

Ben nodded nervously.

Molly crossed her arms. "It was probably Daniela who sent me the picture then."

"What picture?" Ben looked panicked.

"It was of you shirtless with a girl's hand on your chest." She paused for a second and let out a deep breath. "I assumed you were just playing around. I would have known if you actually cheated on me."

"That was April, right before you changed your mind and decided to go to college in Boston." Ben kept his eyes fixed on some invisible spot in the distance.

"It was a few weeks before." Molly twisted the material of her t-shirt with her hand.

"Is that why you decided to move so far? I thought it was because you were afraid I'd leave you behind." Ben's voice got all scratchy. I could tell he was trying to keep his temper reigned in.

"I was afraid of that. The picture just reinforced my fear." Molly looked like she was ready to cry. Ben pulled her into his arms.

She turned and looked right at me. "Do you know who sent the picture?"

I let out a deep breath. I was about to make things ten times worse. "I sent it from someone else's phone. I'm sorry." I didn't wait around for Ben to process what I'd just admitted. I turned and walked away. I probably should have stayed to talk it out, but instead I headed to the bar. After a few glasses of Jack, I needed fresh air.

I got my Jeep up to eighty. The open, country road was the perfect place to let out my frustration. With the top down, the wind blew through my hair, stinging my face as I continued to accelerate. The only lights were from my car, and I enjoyed the darkness. I felt my eyes start to close just as I lost control, and everything went black.

Chapter Two

Emily

Two more hours. Two more hours and I could go home. I was already dreaming about the comfort of my bed. My eight hundred thread count sheets were my only splurge in the past year. I'd used the summer to take as many extra shifts as I could. I needed the money, and there were very few things that seemed worth dipping into my funds-a good night's sleep was one of them.

I reattached the blood pressure cuff to Mrs. Nevelle. I really hoped her kids got there soon. She didn't have much time left. I loved working as a nurse in the ICU because there was always something going on, but dealing with really sick people had its drawbacks. The worst was, of course, when they died. Mrs. Nevelle seemed ready. She was eighty-eight and, during the brief time she was coherent, she told me how excited she was to join her husband. I hoped that when my time came I'd have that attitude.

The unit was quiet that night. My shift had been easy. My second room was still empty, so Mrs. Nevelle had my undivided attention. I should have known it couldn't stay that calm. I heard the phone ring so I went over to the nursing station-already confident it was going to be a report on a new patient.

I listened to the nurse down in the Emergency Room and took notes.

23 y/o male. Motor vehicle accident-BAL 0.3-arrived in respiratory distress-collapsed lung -intubated on arrival-scans negative for internal bleeding and vitals stable.

Great, a DUI. I couldn't help it. I never had the same kind of sympathy for those patients. Anyone reckless enough to drive with a 0.3 blood alcohol level was most likely a certain type. It didn't matter though. He still deserved the same care as anyone else. I got ready for the transport and waited.

As expected, it took a while. I wrapped my cardigan sweater around my shoulders. The worst part about summer was that they blasted the air conditioning in the hospital.

Transport wheeled the bed in, and I got my first look at the patient. He had brown hair, and was obviously tall, but I got pretty distracted by all the bruising. By the looks of him, he was lucky to be alive.

I went through the motions of getting him set up in the new bed, and connecting him to the monitors. I already knew he'd be intubated, but it was still hard to watch someone so young with a tube down their throat. I did everything carefully and methodically. I was a perfectionist when it came to my work.

Transport and the respiratory therapist left, leaving me alone in the room with the patient.

I picked up his chart. Jake Mathews. I guess he looked enough like a Jake. He wasn't from Wilmington, but one of those tiny towns north of the city-Clayton Falls. I'd never been there, but I knew it was where my best friend, Mel, from nursing school grew up.

Mel was a few years younger than him, but considering how small she made her town sound, she might have known him.

I set aside the chart and turned back to him. "What in the world possessed you to drink and drive like that?"

Of course, he wasn't going to answer. He was unconscious, letting a machine breathe for him. Even with his eyes closed and tons of bruising, I could tell he was handsome. It was a classical kind of handsome-with those chiseled features he probably could have been a model if he wanted to. From what I'd seen of his body, he was my type there too. I didn't know too many men with a chest like that. I shouldn't have been having those thoughts-the poor guy wasn't even conscious. Maybe Mel was right, I needed to get out more.

I didn't have an excuse to stay in his room any longer. He was stable, but he wasn't going to come around anytime soon-not while he was on the ventilator with sedation. My shift was almost over, and I needed to get some sleep so I could turn around and come back the next night.

I took one last glance at sleeping handsome before I walked out of his room.

***

He should have been in bed. I couldn't imagine how he could be walking around already, but there he was walking down the hall by the hospital cafeteria. He stopped right in front of me. "Excuse me, but I don't think I've had the chance to introduce myself."

"Jake." His name left my lips without meaning it to. His eyes were brown. Not dark brown, light brown. It was such a pretty shade, and one I'd never seen before. The bruises were gone, and I could really see his face.

"What's your name?" His voice was so deep, it almost didn't fit him.

"Emily."

"Emily, I'm going to kiss you now."

I nodded, watching him with anticipation as he leaned in.

Beep. Beep. Beep. My alarm blared. Darn it. That always happened at the good part of a dream. The good part? I covered my eyes with my arm. I'd just been dreaming about a patient. Could I get more pathetic?

I dragged myself out of bed and into a hot shower. I followed it up with my usual few seconds of cold water. It was the only surefire way to wake myself up. I'd never been a morning person, and it wasn't any different getting up at night instead. Satisfied I was awake, I switched the water back to warm and reveled in the steam it created. I stayed under the spray for as long as possible, but as the water started to cool, I knew it was time to get out.

Dressed in my blue scrubs, I made myself a cup of coffee. I had one small cup before pouring more into an extra-large travel mug. I usually finished the whole thing on the twenty minute commute to work.

***

I got in a little before my shift started at seven p.m. After twenty minutes of sign out from the day nurse, I checked on Mrs. Nevelle first. She'd made it through another day. I walked toward Jake's room, but hesitated for a moment when I saw his family sitting with him. There were four people there-a couple in their fifties or sixties, probably his parents, a guy around his age that had such a striking resemblance to him that it had to be his brother, and a stunning blonde. The blonde gripped the brother's hand-she wasn't Jake's girlfriend. Why did that thought even go through my head?

I waited a second longer and then entered the room.

"Good evening." Dealing with the family was always complicated. They wanted to talk to the doctor, but more often than not, you were the only one there.

"Hi." The mom turned to look at me, never letting go of her son's hand. "Do you have any updates? Do you know how he's doing?"

"He's doing what he should be doing. The doctors want to keep him sedated on the ventilator for at least another day."

"Another day? Is that safe?" She sounded panicked. Her husband placed a hand on her shoulder.

"Absolutely. Keeping him under is the safest option while intubated, until his lung injury has improved and he can be weaned from the vent."

"Is he going to remember anything when he wakes up?" The blonde crossed her arms over her chest. She looked cold even though she was wearing a sweatshirt. I couldn't blame her.

"He'll probably remember everything up until the accident. But every situation is different. He won't remember much from the ICU due to the sedation." I was answering the blonde, but I looked at the mother. Her brown hair was in a messy ponytail. If it weren't for the worry all over her face, I'd have thought she were younger.

The blonde and the brother exchanged a look. I was positive there was a story there.

"Nothing's going to change tonight. Why don't you all go home and get some rest."

"I can't leave him." The mom squeezed his hand again.

"Maybe she's right," the brother said softly. "He's going to need us alert when he wakes up."

The mom looked conflicted. "Maybe for a few hours...you'll call us if anything changes, right?"

I nodded. "Absolutely." The brother was right. He would need them fully functional when he woke up. If they didn't take care of themselves now, they wouldn't have the strength when he needed them most.

I left the room, giving them some more time alone. I made sure to poke my head in again fifteen minutes later. There was no way they'd leave unless I was in the room.

"You'll be with him?" the dad asked.

"Yes, or just at the nurse's station." I gestured out the door. "I only have one other patient."

"Okay." He nodded.

I smiled politely as they filed out. I understood they were going through a lot. In fact, they were handling it better than most families I saw.

I checked Jake's vitals, recording everything. I took a seat next to the bed. "I'll say it again, what were you thinking? Don't you realize how much pain you've caused your family?" I sighed. "Okay, maybe that's not fair. Maybe you had a reason. Just don't ever do something that dumb again. You won't get lucky twice."

Without consciously thinking about it, I reached out and touched his hand. It was cool, and I picked it up in my own. His hand was large, and I could tell it was strong. He had some faint blisters, so he must have done some work with his hands. My initial assumption was that he was a rich boy-maybe I'd misjudged that. By the faint sunburn on his neck and arms, he probably worked outdoors. Maybe he fished or something. I'd always loved the idea of boats. I just didn't have much experience with them. Growing up in the mountains can make that kind of experience hard to come by.

I stalled a while longer before going to check on Mrs. Nevelle. There was just something about that guy that got me. I really needed to get out more.

***

I spent much longer than necessary with Jake the next night too. Maybe it was his age. I was only two years younger, but I was drawn to him. I wanted to know his story. I wanted to know if his voice matched that ridiculously deep one from my dream. My dream. I still couldn't believe I'd dreamed about him. At least it was only once. Any more than that and I would have been seriously worried.

The third night I had to do the daily awakening to see if he was ready to come off the vent. Unfortunately, I didn't know in time to tell his family to stay. I waited for the medication to wear off, and I was alone in his room when he squeezed my hand. It was a gentle squeeze, but it affected me in a way it shouldn't have. It warmed me. I kept my hand in his to see if he would do it again. He did. His eyes flickered open and struggled to focus on me. I waited to see if he'd wake up more, but he didn't. After the doctor came by, we restarted his sedation.

***

The next night they started to wean the medication before I came in. His family was on pins and needles as we all waited in his room to see what happened, and whether he was ready. I'd told them about the hand squeeze and that his eyes opened. The relief on his mother's face was incredible.

"Is it always like this?" the mother, who I now knew was named Mary, asked me quietly.

I wasn't exactly sure what she was asking, but I didn't think it really mattered. She just wanted to talk. "It's always hard."

"He's a good kid. He's made some bad decisions, but underneath it all he's got a real great heart." She started to tear up, and her other son, Ben, walked over to put an arm around her. They looked like such a tight-knit family. I vaguely remembered when mine used to feel that way. I brushed that thought aside.

"I'm sure he is."

"He's handsome, isn't he?" Then she probably remembered who currently had his arm around her. "Both my sons are."

I smiled. "Yes. They both are."

The blonde, Molly, left her chair and came to join us a few feet from the bed. "How long does the medication take to wear off?"

"A few hours, so it should be anytime now."

***

Mary was the one holding Jake's hand when he woke up that night. He managed to keep his eyes open longer, and I could have sworn they searched our faces until they landed on mine. It shouldn't have sent a thrill through me-but it did.

Chapter Three

Jake

Beautiful. That's the only way I can describe the angel leaning over me. Everything was hazy except for her face. She had pretty, green eyes that watched me intently. I wanted to talk. I tried but couldn't. Something was stopping me. She leaned closer, but then the haze got worse, and my angel disappeared.

***

I didn't see her at first. I searched until I found those green eyes. She smiled, and the haze took me again.

***

She held my hand. I could feel her small hand in mine, and all I wanted to do was get closer. Why couldn't I talk? Why couldn't I move?

***

Every inch of me hurt. I tried to move my arm, but it felt stiff. After one more try, I gave up. I forced my eyes open and nearly closed them again. I had to have been dreaming-either that or I was dead, because there was no other explanation for the angel sitting next to me. I recognized her, but not from anything real. It was more like little pieces of a dream.

Gorgeous, green eyes stared back at me. They were only matched by this incredible reddish-brown hair that had just a slight wave to it. If I could have made my arm move, I'd have reached out and touched it.

"Jake?" She said my name softly. It had never sounded better coming from anyone else's lips. And those lips-they were perfect.

I pushed through the fog and smiled at her. Dream or not, I had to try.

"How are you feeling?" She held up a cup with a straw. "Are you thirsty?"

What was this? I looked down at my arm and there was a damn IV stuck in it. "Where am I?"

"You're at New Hanover Regional Hospital. You were in an accident." She said it so calmly, like she was talking about the weather. "I'm your nurse. My name is Emily."

As soon as she said it, everything came back to me. Being at Tom's house-Daniela telling Ben-going to Gill's, and my Jeep flipping over.

"Are you sure I'm not dead?" She was wearing scrubs, but there was no way I'd be lucky enough to get a nurse that looked like her. Knowing my luck, mine would be an overweight 70-year-old man.

She smiled again. "You're not dead. You could have been. You're very lucky."

"Yes, I am." I meant having her as my nurse. I think she got it because she blushed a little. It looked adorable on her pale cheeks.

"Would you like me to call your family? I wasn't expecting you to wake up so soon. The medication wore off faster than anticipated."

"My family? Have they been here?"

She looked at me strangely. "Of course."

"Just my parents..."

"Your parents, and your brother and his wife."

"Ben and Molly were here?" I was surprised they'd bother after what I did.

"I practically had to kick them out." She looked at me for a moment before continuing. "They care about you a lot."

"What time is it?" I couldn't handle thinking about how pissed Ben had to be. How disappointed my parents would be. Obviously I needed to see them, but I wasn't ready yet.

She glanced at her watch and then back to me. "It's five-thirty a.m."

"And you're still working? Or did you just get here?"

"You were right the first time. I prefer working nights actually."

"When do you think they'll get here?" I figured she'd know I meant my family.

She fidgeted with the button on her sweater. "My guess is they'll be here by seven."

"Okay, that gives us an hour and a half."

"Gives us an hour and a half for what?"

I gave her my best grin. "To get to know each other."

"I'm glad to see you still have a sense of humor. It means you're doing all right."

"Who says I was joking?" I tried to wink at her, but it didn't work.

"Your face is still bruised up." She reached over like she was going to touch me but stopped herself.

"Oh." That was the first time I even thought about what I must have looked like. No wonder she wasn't flirting back.

"Yeah. You actually look a lot better now. You must heal fast."

"I do. I'd get injuries when I played football that should have kept me out for weeks, but I'd be over them in days."

"You played football?" The way she said it left me wondering if she really cared or was trying to be polite.

"In high school."

"Cool."

"Yeah."

We sat awkwardly for a second. I usually could fill those silences easily, but my brain still felt kind of foggy.

"I saw that you're from Clayton Falls. Do you know someone named Mel Garrison?"

"Melanie Garrison? Sure I do. She was a year behind me, but we went to a really small high school."

"Oh, cool."

"Where are you from?" I had to keep her talking. If we stopped, she'd probably leave to see another patient. I wasn't ready for her to leave yet, and I didn't feel like being alone.

"I'm from a small town just outside Asheville. Have you heard of Ridgeview?"

"Yeah, definitely." I wanted to say more, to tell her that one of my friends from high school went to the college up there. But I was already getting exhausted. "I've heard it's pretty." At least my brain was functioning enough to answer her.

She smiled, and I could tell her mind moved elsewhere for a minute. "Yes, it is."

I gave myself a minute to recover. Why was talking so damn hard? "Are you going to be my nurse the whole time I'm here?"

"I don't think you'll be staying in the ICU much longer so you'll be moved to another floor. Of course, that all depends on what the doctors say. It should only be another day or two at most, but you'll have me again tonight."

I decided not to mention how else her comment could be interpreted. "In case I'm not here later, I better get your number now."

She laughed. "Hold your horses there, stud. I think you have more important things to worry about than lining up a date."

"Is that a no?"

"It should be."

I smiled. "We don't have to line up a date. But could I at least get your number?" I glanced around for my phone but didn't see it. "But I guess I don't know where to write it down."

"It looks like you're out of luck." It would have disappointed me, but that twinkle in her eye made me think there was still hope. "Are you sure you don't want me to call your parents? I know they'll want to see you."

I let out a deep breath. "I might as well get this over with."

"Don't you want to see them?"

"Yes. Well, my parents. Probably not Molly and Ben, but I'll have to face them eventually." I hadn't meant to say the Molly and Ben part out loud. Lucky for me, she didn't comment on it.

"I'm going to go ahead and call them."

I watched her retreating figure and decided she looked just as good from behind.

***

"Oh my god, Jake." Mom nearly choked me in her excitement.

I decided complaining was a pretty bad idea, and let her attack-I mean hug me. "Hi, Mom."

She was tired. It looked like she hadn't slept in days-she probably hadn't and it was my fault. "I'm so glad you're awake."

"I'm sorry."

"You should be. What were you thinking?"

"He wasn't thinking. That's the problem." Dad tried to sound hard, but I could see the emotion in his eyes. By the looks of him, he hadn't slept any more than Mom.

Mom didn't take her eyes off me. "I know you're probably not ready to talk much yet, but at some point you're going to tell us what happened."

"You probably know more than I do." I struggled to remember what happened, but I kept coming up against a wall once I got to the part with my Jeep flipping.

Mom took a seat beside me. "The police called to tell us they found your car flipped over and that you were already on your way over here. I know something happened between you and Ben, but he won't tell me anything."

"You don't want to know."

"You two hardly ever fight anymore. I don't see how it could have been bad enough to cause this." She gestured to me lying in a hospital bed.

"It wasn't his fault." I wasn't going to let Mom blame Ben. This was my fault.

"I never said it was his fault. I just want to know what happened."

Why the hell not? I figured I'd rather give my version instead of letting Ben tell it. "Daniela decided to tell the world about how we tried to break Molly and Ben up in high school."

"You did what?" A look of horror crossed Mom's face. She'd always loved Molly and wanted her around. "Wait, how'd you try to break them up?"

I swallowed. I didn't want to admit this part. "Daniela tried to get him to cheat on Molly with her when we knew he was plastered."

"But he didn't, did he?" Mom didn't seem as confident as I expected. Maybe she wasn't as blinded by Ben's perfectness as I thought.

"No. He wanted nothing to do with Daniela."

Dad nodded. "Of course not. Ben had a one-track mind when it came to girls. You saw that and wanted to feel that way too."

Mom looked at me. "That's why you did it, isn't it? You were jealous."

"Yeah, and I liked her."

Dad half laughed. "Liked her? Maybe you had a crush, but do you really think that's what it was about?"

"It doesn't matter. I was stupid, and I realized it pretty quickly afterward." I think Dad was right. I was jealous. I'm pretty sure I liked Molly because she was the girl I couldn't have.

Mom patted my leg through the blanket. "It was stupid, but Ben couldn't have been that angry about it. It was years ago."

"He's angry. You should have seen the way he looked at me. And Molly-" I didn't even want to think about what she thought of me now. We fought all the time, but she never actually hated me. "There's more. I also sent a stupid picture that was pretty much the reason Molly decided to go to B.U." I'd given Molly such a hard time about hurting Ben, but really I was the one who started the whole mess.

Mom smoothed out my blanket. "Molly wanted to try something new. If it wasn't college, she would have done it later on, or worse, would have regretted her decision not to." I wasn't sure whether Mom was just trying to make me feel better or if she really believed it.

"I still messed things up for them."

Mom rested her hand on the bed next to me. "That doesn't explain how you ended up flipped over in a ditch."

"It doesn't? I was upset. I drank a little more than I should have."

"A little more?" Dad shook his head. "How much did you drink, Jake?"

I shrugged. "I don't know."

"This has to stop. If it wasn't your fight with Ben it would have happened anyway. We've been pushing it under the rug for years, but you have a problem."

"I'm not an alcoholic if that's what you're getting at."

"Like hell you're not." He looked down and up again. "I'd know. I'm one too."

I went to cross my arms but the tube from the IV stopped me. "What are you talking about? I've never seen you take a drink in my life."

"Why do you think that is?" He ran a hand through his graying hair.

"I thought it was because of Grandpa..." I knew Dad's dad had drinking problems. He'd been in AA my whole childhood.

"It was partly, but I really stopped because I almost missed Ben's birth."

"Shit." The word slipped out before I could think.

"Jake!" Mom snapped at me.

"Sorry."

"I'm lucky your mother didn't kick me to the curb. Thankfully, your uncle got me in there in time. I haven't touched a drop of alcohol since."

I didn't know what to say. Why was he only telling me that now? Maybe if I'd known... I stopped that train of thought. It probably wouldn't have changed anything. It's not like I would have wanted to listen to him.

Dad didn't wait for me to respond. "I already called Jim Morgan. He thinks he can keep you from doing any jail time because it's a first offense, but there's no way you're getting out of this without at least some community service. You're also going to lose your license. Jim thinks it might only be the minimum one year, but a 0.3 alcohol level is not a minor offense."

Jim Morgan was Dad's attorney. He'd only be talking to him about me for one reason. "Wait, I'm getting a DUI?"

"What did you think was going to happen?"

"I'm in the hospital..."

"Because you drove drunk. Thank the Lord you didn't hurt anyone else."

I hadn't even thought about that. What if I'd hit someone? It was one thing to get myself sent to the hospital. If I'd hurt or killed someone else-I couldn't even fathom it. I put my head in my hand. "What happens next?"

"You have a court date set up for next week. Now we wait to talk to the doctors and get you home."

I looked up when I heard someone knocking on the open door.

"Can we come in?" Molly asked tentatively. Ben waited with her.

I made myself smile at her. "Yeah, definitely."

"Why don't we let you all talk? We'll be in the waiting room." Mom patted my hand before getting up. Dad gave me a small smile and followed her out.

I waited until my parents disappeared through the doorway. "I really f**ked up this time, didn't I?"

"Yeah, you did." Ben pulled a chair over, gesturing for Molly to take the one Mom had been using.

"I'm sorry."

Ben leaned forward to rest his elbows on his knees. "For scaring the hell out of us? Mom probably lost ten years off her life."

"For this and the other stuff."

"Am I pissed you tried to wreck my relationship with Molly? Yeah, but it doesn't matter anymore."

"That was ages ago, Jake. We were kids." Molly touched my arm gently. I wasn't used to her talking to me nicely.

"You really don't care?" I'd spent the last six years worried that Ben would find out. What kind of guy tries to screw his brother over like that? It had to have been my low point. It didn't help that Daniela suggested it right after we'd hooked up. We were both using each other. I was the closest thing she could get to Ben, and she gave me sex without asking for anything more.

Ben straightened. His expression told me he wished he was anywhere but there. He wasn't the only one. "I already told you I was annoyed, but it's over. Let's stop talking about it."

Molly looked like she wanted to say something but closed her mouth.

"Just say it."

She studied her lap. "Did you really have a thing for me?"

I smiled, waiting for her to look at me. "Yes, as misguided as it was."

She laughed. "I had a crush on you once too."

"You did?" Ben and I said at the same time.

"For over a year, actually. I thought I'd lost my mind. I was supposed to hate you."

"What changed your mind?" I asked.

"I fell for Ben in eighth grade."

"Your crush was in middle school? That doesn't count."

"What did you expect? Ben and I started dating when I was fifteen." She rolled her eyes. Usually it annoyed me when she did that, but I liked it this time.

"It's good to have the real Molly back."

"What does that mean?"

"I don't know how to deal with you when you're nice." I smirked. Smirking always pissed her off.

"Like you should talk? Are you ever nice?"

"Just like old times." Ben put an arm around Molly's shoulders.

That conversation went better than I expected. Somehow I knew I wouldn't be able to fix the DUI problem as easily.

Chapter Four

Emily

"You came back." Jake grinned when I came in that night. He was sitting up in bed, and he looked ten times better than the night before. He set aside a magazine. He moved it too quickly for me to see which one it was.

"I told you I would." I picked up his arm and put the blood pressure cuff on.

"Yeah, but I was kind of afraid you'd switch patients at the last minute."

"Nope. I'm afraid you're stuck with me tonight." I pressed start on the monitor.

"I don't think 'stuck with' is the right choice of words. More like, I'm the luckiest patient on the floor."

"I'm also seeing another patient next door...but he's unconscious." I removed the cuff, and took his hand so I could get a pulse ox on his finger.

"So I'm okay as long as you don't get any ideas when he wakes up."

"He's eighty-six."

Jake smiled this breathtaking grin. "I think I got this one then."

I laughed. "I need to take your temperature."

"Please do."

I put the thermometer under his tongue, and he watched me intently the whole time. Had he been an old man, I would have called it gross. Coming from an attractive twenty-three year old, it didn't bother me.

The thermometer beeped, and I removed it from his mouth.

"How did it go with your family?" I probably shouldn't have asked, but he'd seemed so nervous about it.

"Better than expected in some ways, and worse in others." He struggled to sit up more.

I helped him with his pillows and his hand brushed against mine. The brief contact was comforting, and I wanted more of it. "Isn't that how most things usually go?"

"That's very true. Can I ask you something now?"

"Sure, but I might not answer." Talking about him was one thing, but I didn't particularly want to talk about myself.

"What are you doing here?"

"I'm your nurse. Or have you forgotten?"

"I just mean why would a girl like you be working nights like this? Wouldn't you rather be out?"

"We don't all have that option," I said bitterly.

"Hey, I didn't mean anything by it. I guess this is just my backwards way of asking if there's a guy waiting for you at home."

"Shouldn't you have asked that question before trying to get my number?"

He grinned again. "I figured that might have been your hesitation."

I could have lied and told him I had a boyfriend, but what was the point? "No. There's no guy waiting at home."

"It's not like me to risk getting rejected twice, but it's worth it this time. Can I get your number?"

"That would be pretty unprofessional of me."

"I won't call until I'm out of here. I won't be your patient anymore."

I bit back a smile. "You know, you can be pretty persuasive."

"So I haven't completely lost my touch?"

"No." I made my decision and scrawled my number on a scrap of paper. I went over to where his personal belongings sat, and grabbed his brown, leather wallet.

"What? Are you taking payment for the number? Because I think that might be considered unprofessional."

"Nothing that extreme." I folded up the paper and slipped it into his wallet. "If you still want to call after everything, it's in there."

His face lit up. "I'm sure that was a pity number, but I don't care. I'm going to heal better now that I know I'll see you again."

"I thought you healed quickly anyway."

"Yeah, but you can never heal fast enough."

I laughed. "Take care of yourself, Jake."

I resisted the urge to look back when I left the room. I wasn't sure I could handle another one of those grins.

Chapter Five

Emily

"I may have done something crazy." I took a sip of my lemonade.

"Define crazy?" Mel looked at me over her sunglasses. We were at an outdoor table at one of our favorite lunch spots.

"I gave my number to a patient." I concentrated on my chicken salad rather than on her face.

"One of your patients? Aren't they all old?"

"Not all." Mel was a nurse at a pediatrician's office and always viewed my job as intense. Her job sounded great-but it didn't pay nearly enough. I was saving up to go back for my nurse anesthesia certificate. It paid well and had great hours-both things I needed.

She laughed. "Is he at least cute?"

"Very. And in my defense, he knows you."

"He knows me?" She pointed at her chest.

"He's from Clayton Falls. Jake Mathews."

She dropped a strawberry from her fruit salad back onto her plate. "Jake Mathews? Are you serious?"

"I take it you remember him?"

"Of course, I remember him. He was the star quarterback."

I poured a little bit more dressing on my salad. "Again with football? Is that all he did?"

"Did he win you over by reminiscing about his glory days?" She laughed.

"Not exactly. It just came up when we were discussing how fast he heals."

"How fast he heals? Did he also ask you to kiss him and make him better?"

I crossed my arms. "It wasn't like that. I don't know why I did it. I just found myself giving my number to him."

She took a bite of her club sandwich. "Weirdness that you like my old high school heartthrob aside, maybe you're finally ready to get back out there."

"Maybe. I doubt he'll even call. I know it was all a macho act anyway."

"Yeah, because that's the only reason a guy would ask for your number." She rolled her eyes. "Why was he in the ICU? I guess that should have been my first question...but the romance was more interesting."

"Car accident... DUI."

"What? A DUI? Aren't you the most anti-drinking and driving person?"

"I know, I know. I just keep thinking there's a reason for it."

"You know what you're doing. Don't use him as a project. Not everyone needs saving..."

"I know."

"I still can't believe you gave your number to Jake Mathews... it's a small world."

"I bet you he won't call." I put my fork down. I wasn't hungry anymore.

"You never make bets."

"There's always an exception."

"Wow...next you're going to tell me you want to go out tonight." She tied up her long, brown hair.

"I would if I didn't have to work, but maybe tomorrow night."

Her eyes widened. "Seriously?"

"Yeah. I think I'm finally ready."

"Hallelujah. Now we just have to get you something to wear."

"I have plenty of clothes."

"Not to go out in."

"Says who?" I took another sip of lemonade.

"Me. We're going shopping."

"Now?"

"As soon as you finish that salad."

"All right, I'm in."

***

It had been ages since I'd been out. Free time wasn't a luxury I'd had since high school, and it had been over two years since I'd graduated. I checked my reflection in the mirror for the millionth time. Mel had assured me that I looked hot in the short, black dress, but I wasn't sure if hot was what I was going for. I glanced at my watch-Mel was going to be there to pick me up any minute. I didn't have time to change.

"Hey, hot stuff." Mel grinned as I slid into the passenger seat of her Camaro. She was an adolescent boy's-or, okay, most men's-wet dream perched behind the wheel. Her short skirt left little to the imagination. Neither did her top.

"Hey, yourself. I can't believe I let you talk me into wearing this."

"Come on, Em. It's time you learned to dress and act your age. No one needs you tonight. You can have fun. I'm the designated driver."

"Are you sure? I don't mind driving you home."

"Which one of us can have more fun sober?"

I laughed. "Okay, good point."

Mel parked a few blocks from a club she'd been raving about for weeks. She'd been twenty-one for only a few months, and was still enjoying the freedom. I'd only been twenty-one a few weeks, but it wasn't as big a deal to me.

We showed our IDs to the bouncer and walked in. I had to steady myself for a second-slightly overwhelmed by the crowd and the pulsating music.

"What should we get to drink?" Mel took my hand and led me over to the bar. If she hadn't, I might have bolted.

"I thought you weren't drinking?"

"I'm having one. Just one."

"Okay. Maybe a Malibu and pineapple."

"Good." She pushed her way to the front of the bar, and got the male bartenders attention quickly.

She handed me my drink and raised hers in a toast. "To Em's reentry into the world."

I laughed. "I've been living in the world this whole time."

"But never having fun. Living means fun." She nodded toward a couple of guys who were obviously checking us out. "They look like fun. Which one do you want?"

I sipped my drink. "Neither. I'm not hooking up with some random guy."

"Who said anything about hooking up? You're not ready for that yet. Let's start with flirting." She took my hand and pulled me along again. "Come on."

We didn't make it as far as the guys. "Melanie? Is that you?" A dark haired girl with heavy makeup yelled out, grabbing hold of Mel's arm.

"Katie?" Mel smiled.

"Yeah!" The girl pulled Mel into a hug.

"Katie, this is my best friend Emily. Emily, this is Katie. We were on the soccer team together in high school."

"Oh, cool." I held out a hand to shake hers. "Nice to meet you."

"You too."

"Are you here alone?" Mel could be pretty blunt sometimes.

"Nope. My boyfriend's just grabbing us drinks." Katie gestured to the bar.

"So, how have you been?" Mel asked. "Are you still bartending at Gill's?"

"Yeah, I'm still there."

Mel nudged me. "That's a local bar in Clayton Falls."

I nodded.

"It's been okay, but this week was rough."

"Yeah? Any particular reason?" Mel pressed.

"I served a friend, and he got in a pretty nasty wreck."

"Jake?" Mel asked. I glared at her. I already violated patient confidentiality by telling her.

"Yeah. You heard?"

"Uh huh. Crazy."

"I know. But did you hear about Daniela too?"

Mel's eyes widened. "Daniela? No."

"Yeah. I guess they had some big fight or something, and she blames herself."

"Is that his girlfriend?" I regretted the words as soon as they left my mouth. So dumb.

"No..." Katie looked toward me. "You know Jake?"

"Yeah, she knows him." Mel rescued me.

"Oh. She's not his girlfriend. But they hooked up in high school and stuff. I think the fight had something to do with Ben, but I have no clue."

Mel quickly changed the subject before Katie could ask me more about how I knew Jake. "I feel like I haven't been back to town in forever."

"Your parents moved, right?"

"Yeah. They're in Raleigh with my sister."

"I remember hearing that. Well, if you're ever in town, give me a call. It was great seeing you. Nice meeting you, Emily."

"Yeah same to you." I waved as she caught up with her boyfriend and kissed him on the lips.

"Okay, now I've got to see this town. I thought my town was small, but we definitely didn't know everybody."

Mel laughed. "Maybe Jake will take you home sometime soon."

I pushed her arm. "Don't start."

"Hey, I saved you. What the hell was that? Jealous much?"

"I was just curious." I denied it, but I definitely didn't like thinking there was someone else.

"Seriously? Is my entire town here tonight?" Mel paled. I'd never seen her pale.

"What's wrong?"

"See that guy over there?" She nodded toward a couple of guys standing at the bar.

"Which one?"

"Light brown hair. Kind of shaggy." My first thought was that he must use the same hair stylist as Jake. Who knew the shaggy surfer look was so popular.

"I see him."

"That's my 'what if' boy."

"'What if' boy?"

"You know, the one you always wonder what could have been?"

"I guess. So what's the story?"

"We hooked up after homecoming when I was a junior. He probably doesn't even remember."

"I doubt that. Any guy would remember spending a night with you."

She ignored my comment. "He was on the football team with Jake, he was the tight end. The two were pretty close. I haven't seen him in years."

"What's his name?"

"Cole." She looked back over at him.

"Want to go over and talk?"

"No. Definitely not."

"Seriously? This guy really got under your skin, huh?" I'd expected Mel to want to rub how gorgeous she was in his face.

"Yeah. You know what? Let's get out of here."

"Okay..."

She grabbed my hand, and we left. I didn't mind-going out in the first place was a big step. It was plenty enough for me.

Chapter Six

Jake

"Do I really have to wear a suit?" I probably shouldn't have complained. My dad was mad enough, but I could count on one hand the number of times I'd worn a suit in my life.

"Yes. You need to wear a suit." We were meeting with our attorney, Jim Morgan. I didn't know him well, but he'd been my dad's attorney forever. He always seemed all right, although his son could be a piece of work. "If you want the judge to take you seriously, you have to dress seriously."

"All right. I'll wear a suit."

"It's your first offense, and there's no reason to doubt we'll get you a good deal, but it's going to be more than a slap on the wrist."

"I understand." I still couldn't believe I was actually in this situation.

"All right. I'll see you at the court house at nine a.m. tomorrow. Don't be late." Jim scowled. I had a feeling I wasn't his favorite client.

I nodded. "I'll be there."

Normally I would have disappeared as soon as possible, but my license had already been revoked. I waited for my dad by his car, just anxious to get home and crash. I was feeling better, but I still got tired all the time.

You'd think after the whole "I'm an alcoholic" admission Dad would have been sympathetic, but he was still spitting mad. We rode in silence till we reached my place.

"I'll pick you up at eight thirty tomorrow."

"Great." I got out of the car, resisting the urge to slam the door.

***

"Do you agree to the terms?" The judge repeated his question.

My mouth was still hanging open. "I thought community service meant picking up trash."

"In this situation, you have a special skill that can help your community." The judge leaned back in his leather chair and laced his hands together behind his head. He looked all too relaxed, but then again, he wasn't the one whose future was on the line.

"So you're serious? You want me to coach the football team?"

"Yes."

"And why is that again?"

I expected we'd be having this conversation in a courtroom, but we were all sitting around the judge's desk in his chambers. The deal I'd been offered had seemed straightforward until the last part. No jail, nothing on my permanent record, the mandatory one year license revocation and community service. Evidently, community service meant coaching the high school football team. Were they insane?

"Don't play with us, Jake. You're one of the best players this town's had. You'll get the team excited again. Maybe we'll have a chance. It's the best team we've had since you graduated. Coach Wilkinson didn't give any warning with his retirement, but who can blame him with that cancer diagnosis. We don't have time to go through the usual channels to find a replacement. The team just needs the right coach, and those boys could use a role model."

That had to be a joke. "Role model? I'm here because of a DUI."

"You got us to win state for the first time in over twenty-five years. You're a role model."

I fidgeted in my seat. "I think you're forgetting one very important detail."

"Yes?" The judge looked bored.

"I don't know how to coach."

"You'll figure it out. Besides, Anderson and Mitchell are staying around as assistant coaches. They'll help out."

"Why not promote one of them? Why me? Do you think my former coaches want to listen to me?" I loosened my tie. It must have been one hundred degrees in there.

"Do I really need to explain this again?" The judge sat forward. "If you don't want this deal, I'm sure we could come up with a different solution." From the look he shot me, that one would be a hell of a lot worse. His next words confirmed it. "One that doesn't involve keeping this off your record."

"I accept the terms."

"Smart choice. You should have your limited license in two weeks."

"What does that mean exactly?" The idea of any sort of license sounded good.

"You can drive to work and community service only."

"Okay, I get it."

Dad nodded. At least I'd done something right.

I signed some papers, and Dad and I left.

"You got lucky." He opened his car door.

"Lucky? How am I going to coach?" I got in and looked at him.

"You'll figure it out. But you're going to have to start getting up early. Just because you're coaching doesn't mean I'm okay with you cutting back your hours at work."

"What? Are you serious?" I leaned my head back against the seat.

"Yes. I don't pay you for nothing." He started the engine.

"Fine. But how am I getting anywhere without a car? The judge said I won't get a limited license for two weeks."

"You can walk to the high school." He pulled out onto the road, driving so slow I thought we'd never get to my house.

"It's over three and a half miles."

"Like I said, you can walk to the high school."

"And work? I guess I'm walking there too?"

"That's a much shorter walk." He gripped the wheel so tight his knuckles turned white. I must have been stressing him out more than I thought.

"Fine."

"And on the bright side, Molly already offered to drive you home from practice if you need it."

"Molly? Why would she do that?"

"Because she's family, and a family helps each other."

"At least it's only two weeks."

"Don't get any ideas that the limited license is for anything but what the judge said it was. If they catch you driving any other time, you'll be in hot water."

I reached to turn on the radio but then thought better of it. "What am I going to do about a car?"

"You can use my old truck. I don't think you'll get much from insurance, so you might want to save up if you want something better next year when you get your full license back."

"Great."

"Maybe living without a license will teach you a lesson."

"Like being forced to coach football won't? Did you know they were setting me up for that?"

"I had my suspicions." He tried to hide a smile.

"Why?"

"With Coach Wilkinson getting sick, they needed someone. You'd be free labor."

"Terrific."

Dad stopped the car short. "That's enough!"

"Enough of what?"

"Enough of that attitude. You should be grateful to be alive. To have a family that supports you. Did you even have to worry about hiring an attorney? What about paying for one? How about figuring out how to explain the situation to your boss?"

I looked down.

"Exactly. Now get out."

"We're not there yet."

"I don't care. You need some fresh air to clear that head of yours."

"Gee, thanks." I got out, this time slamming the door. He was right, and I knew it. That just made it worse.

I was ready to pass out by the time I got home. You'd think recovering from a collapsed lung would get you a break, but not in my dad's book. I sunk down on the couch and turned on the TV. I went right to ESPN, but it was just some interview special featuring has-been players. I shut it off.

I needed a distraction. What I wanted was a drink-but I couldn't. Even if I wasn't on meds, my mom had cleared out my entire supply while I was in the hospital. There was also the whole conversation with Dad. Didn't being an alcoholic mean never drinking at all? That just seemed dumb. I could control my drinking if I wanted to. There were plenty of times when I just had a beer or two. It didn't matter though. Without a car, it wasn't an option.

The only thing that sounded better than a drink was that nurse. If she looked that hot in scrubs and a cardigan-I was ready to see her in something else. I'd rummaged through my wallet and found her number as soon as I'd gotten home. I'd already programmed her into my phone. I couldn't recall her ever giving me her last name, or if she did I forgot it, so she was just under Emily. I liked the name. I'd only known one Emily and she'd been an all right girl.

I was never nervous about calling girls, but this time was different. She'd seen me at my absolute worst. The only upside is that even at my worst, she gave me her number. I could only improve from there.

I decided to stop stalling. My excuse for waiting was making sure I wasn't doing time. Now that it was off the table, I could finally call. I figured she probably knew about the DUI, but I wasn't excited about telling her she'd have to pick me up if we went out. Whether a girl was traditional or not, she expected the guy to drive. I hit call and listened to a few rings.

"Hello?" She answered hesitantly, like she was nervous.

"Emily?"

"Yes. Who is this?"

I leaned back against the couch. "It's your favorite patient."

"That's impossible. I don't have favorites." Her words were playful.

"Does that mean you give out your number a lot?"

"No-not too often." She laughed. "How're you doing, Jake?"

A thrill ran through me when she said my name. I assumed she remembered me, but it was nice to hear it. "I'm doing all right."

"Feeling better?"

"Much. I get tired a lot though."

"That's pretty normal." Her voice was soft, just like I imagined her skin feeling.

"How're you doing?"

"All right. I've just been working."

"Any chance you want to do something else? Maybe get dinner sometime?" I was ready to break my cardinal rule. You always do coffee on the first date in case it's a disaster. But this wouldn't be a disaster, and coffee wouldn't be long enough.

"I'm working most of this week. This is my only night off."

"Then how about tonight?" I knew it was a long shot, but she'd just admitted she didn't have much going on.

"Won't I seem desperate if I say yes?"

"I already sound desperate. Why not join the club?"

"Do you want me to come to you? If you can't drive or anything..."

She was fishing for information.

"Unfortunately, you're right. I can try to get a ride." I cringed at the thought of asking. Maybe I shouldn't have bothered calling her.

"That's okay. I've heard a lot about Clayton Falls."

"Yeah? So you want to meet here?"

"Sure. But how about we make it early, so I get home at a decent time?"

I wouldn't have argued about anything. "It's only eleven...want to make it lunch?"

"Oh. That would be great." She sounded relieved.

"Okay, cool. Is noon too soon?"

"No. Not at all. Do you want me to pick you up?" There were muffled sounds like she was moving around. Maybe she was getting ready.

"If you don't mind..." Man, it felt weird for a girl to be asking that.

"It's fine. I just need your address."

I gave it to her. "Call if you get lost or anything, but it's really just a straight shot."

"It'll be fine. See you soon."

"Great. See ya."

Chapter Seven

Emily

"You'll never guess where I'm going right now." I had Mel on speakerphone as I drove.

"Where?"

"You're not even going to try?"

"You told me I wouldn't guess, so why bother?"

You had to love Mel's attitude. "Clayton Falls."

"Are you seeing Jake?"

"It's good we never actually made a bet. He called me." I'd been smiling so much since he called that my face was starting to hurt.

"When? You've been holding out on me."

"Forty-five minutes ago. And don't start. This is my only day off this week." I checked my blind spot before changing lanes. You knew someone was driving slow when I had to pass them.

"I wasn't going to say anything. Any date is a good thing for you. But he's making you go to him?"

"He lost his license. He got a DUI, remember?"

"Yeah, that makes sense." I heard a ding. She must have been in the elevator.

"Where are you going?"

"I'm just grabbing lunch. I was going to bring you over a sandwich, but obviously you don't need one."

"This isn't crazy, is it?" I gripped the wheel tighter.

"Maybe a little, but who cares?"

"It's not like it's ever going to become anything. It's just one lunch."

"Tell yourself whatever it takes." She made that clicking sound with her tongue she always makes when she doesn't believe someone.

"Come on, he'll be gone the second he hears about Noah."

"You don't know that." A horn wailed.

"Messing with traffic again?"

"Don't change the subject. You can't spend your whole life on the sidelines because of Noah-he doesn't want you to."

"He doesn't know what he wants."

"Still, you can't."

"I don't need this speech again. I'm on my way to a date, remember?" I saw the first sign for the exit to Clayton Falls.

"You're nervous, huh?"

"Very. It's been forever since I've been on one."

"You'll do fine. But what are you wearing? Please tell me you dressed cute."

"That yellow sundress and strappy sandals."

"Perfect. It shows a little cle**age but not too much, and yellow looks awesome on you."

"It doesn't show cle**age." I looked down self-consciously.

"You're checking out your girls, aren't you?"

I laughed. "Are you sure you don't have a camera in my car?"

"No, not yet. Tell Jake I said hi, and call on your way back."

"I will. Have a good lunch."

"I'd prefer the lunch you're having, but what can you do?"

I moved into the right lane so I could exit. "I don't even know where we're eating."

"Em, I meant Jake. I'd prefer lunch with Jake."

"Oh. You don't actually like him, do you?"

She laughed. "He's all yours, Em. Enjoy."

"I can do this."

"Yes, you can. Go get him, girl."

"So funny. All right, I'm about to turn off."

"Woo hoo, you're almost to the Falls."

"Do people call it that?"

"No. It just sounded cool."

"Bye, Mel."

I double checked the house number twice before pulling into the driveway. I took a deep breath. This wasn't a big deal. It was just lunch. I suddenly understood how guys felt on dates... it was even worse when you were picking your date up. I smoothed out my dress one last time before knocking on the white door.

Jake pulled the door open as soon as I knocked. "Wow, you look amazing." He checked me out appreciatively, and I liked it. Everyone needs a confidence booster in moments like those.

"Thanks." He looked pretty amazing himself in a light green, collared shirt and khaki shorts.

"Aren't you supposed to tell me I look good too?"

I felt the blood rushing to my face. "Yeah, you look good too."

"I'm kidding."

"Oh, okay."

"So I know I told you to pick me up, but if you like seafood we can actually walk to the place I was thinking of."

"That sounds nice." It was a gorgeous day, and I didn't mind walking. Maybe the fresh air would calm my nerves.

"Great." He locked the door. "It's right off the beach."

I followed him down his driveway and walked alongside him when we reached the street. "I'm really glad you came. I know it's a little bit of a drive."

"It wasn't too bad. I don't mind driving." I regretted the words. He was probably still extremely upset about losing his license. "Sorry."

"That's okay. It's my fault I can't." He looked away.

"If you don't mind me asking, how long did you lose your license for?"

"One year."

"Wow, that's awhile."

"It could have been worse. I can get a limited license for work."

"Oh, that's something." There were so many things I wanted to ask him, like why he'd done something so stupid and risky, but I kept the questions to myself.

He pulled me out of my thoughts. "I know I probably seem like a total loser, getting wasted and driving..."

I shook my head. "If I thought that, I wouldn't be here. Don't get me wrong, it was a really stupid thing to do, but I don't believe in judging someone based on one action."

He looked at me intently. "That's a cool attitude."

"There's good in everyone...well almost everyone."

"Well, thanks for giving me a chance. I think I took it for granted. I guess pain meds can do that to you."

I laughed. "I can't believe it myself. This is my first date in a while."

"Yeah? That's surprising."

"Why?" I picked at my nail nervously. It was a bad habit, but I couldn't help it.

"Are you kidding? You're beautiful and smart. I bet you have guys breaking down your door."

"You'd be surprised."

He studied me. "How long's it been?"

"Since I've been on an actual date?"

"Yeah."

"About a year." That was being conservative, and counting a coffee I had with a coworker.

"Wow. I did get lucky."

I smiled. "What can I say? I'm a push over for guys in hospital gowns."

"Uh oh. I better tie you down quickly before you run off with one of the old men."

"I wouldn't worry about it." I looked away.

He took my hand. "You're really beautiful."

"Thanks."

"No. I really mean it. I've never seen a girl as beautiful as you. When I woke up and saw you sitting there, I thought I was dreaming."

I made myself meet his gaze even though his compliment made me want to look away. "I'm guessing it was a letdown to discover you were awake and in a hospital."

"Well, the last part sure, but I was glad you were real."

"You really know how to lay it on thick." I thought about yanking my hand away, but it felt good where it was.

He squeezed my hand just a little. "It's just honesty."

"Wow, gorgeous." We were almost to the beach, and the water looked majestic in the early afternoon sun. Jake was lucky that he could walk to the beach. There were much worse places to be stuck without a car.

"Are you a beach girl?"

"No. I'm from the mountains, remember?"

"Yeah, but do you like the beach?"

"Yes. It's one of the reasons I stayed in Wilmington." I looked out at the water.

"Stayed? Did you think of leaving?"

Why did I have to say that? I evaded the question. "Are you a beach guy?"

"I surf." He ran his free hand through his shaggy, brown hair.

"Cool. I've always wanted to learn."

"Yeah? I can teach you sometime." He grinned. "I don't need a license for that."

"I might just take you up on that." I was positive I wouldn't, but he put me in a flirty mood, and I liked the thought of him in just swim trucks.

"Good. I'll hold you to it." He tugged on my hand slightly to get me to turn and walk up a set of stairs. I read the sign. 'Surf Song.'

"Jake! How are you?" A woman ran over and hugged him right as we reached the hostess station. She looked like she was in her late sixties.

"Hi, Angie. I'm doing a lot better. Thanks for asking."

"I bet you are." She glanced over at me with a smile. "And who's this?"

"This is Emily."

"He's a keeper." She patted Jake on the back before walking away.

"That's Angie. She's owned this place for as long as I can remember."

"Oh, okay." A hostess showed us to our table on the outdoor patio that overlooked the water.

"Wow, now that's a view."

"Yes, it is." He wasn't looking at the water.

I'm sure I blushed. "So what do you do when you're not hitting on nurses?"

"Are you making sure I have a job?"

I laughed nervously. "I'm just curious."

"I work in the family business. It's marina rentals and sales."

"Boats? That's really cool." I guess I wasn't too far off with the fishing thing.

He shrugged. "I guess."

"I take it it's not your passion?"

"Not exactly, but there's nothing else I'd want to do. Working for my dad has its perks."

"Does your brother work there too?" I asked, half to keep the conversation going and half because I was dying to know more about the relationship between the brothers.

"Yes. He's definitely more interested in it than I am."

"Well, that's good. That way if you ever want to do something else, you won't be leaving your dad without help." I pushed the lemon wedge from the rim of my glass into my water.

"I never thought of it that way. You're such an optimist."

"Not really." What I meant was that I was an optimist about everyone's life but my own.

"If you say so." He shrugged again. "I'm going to be working a second job soon too. It's technically community service, but it's still work."

The waiter came over and refilled Jake's water glass. He'd already downed all of his. I scanned the menu. The shrimp salad sounded perfect.

"Oh yeah? What's that?"

"Coaching the high school football team."

"Really? I'd have thought community service meant trash pickup or something."

He played with the straw in his water. "I thought the same thing, but evidently I have special skills."

"Are you looking forward to it? Is that more your speed than boats?"

"It would be if I had any idea how to coach. I can play, but throwing a football is different than telling someone else how to do it."

"They wouldn't have asked you if they didn't think you could handle it."

He rested his hand on the table. "And you're telling me you're not an optimist?"

I laughed.

"What brought you to Wilmington?" He took another sip of water, not bothering to look at the menu.

"Oh, I just wanted a change of scenery really." I so didn't want to go into my past. It was definitely not good first date material.

"You do realize how sketchy that sounds, right?"

"Sketchy?"

"A change of scenery?"

"Are we really going to talk about sketchy? You hit on me right after waking up from a medically induced coma." The best deflection was usually humor.

"Good point. Okay, new topic. Where do you live in Wilmington? Are you in the city, or outside a little?"

Before I could answer, the waiter came over to take our orders. I ordered my shrimp salad and Jake ordered crab cakes.

"I have an apartment about twenty minutes from downtown."

"Cool. That's got to be fun."

"It is most of the time."

My stomach growled.

"I guess you're hungry."

"Yeah, I forgot to have breakfast."

He shook his head. "Breakfast is the most important meal of the day."

"I know. Does coffee count?"

He laughed. "Not at all."

"All right, I'll try to remember that."

The waiter returned with our food, and I dug in. The shrimp was perfect. "Have you always lived here?"

"Yeah. I've been here my whole life." He didn't sound too thrilled about it, and I wondered if it was the town or something else.

"That's cool. Does your brother still live in town too?"

"Uh huh. He and Molly actually bought her parents' house."

"Really? I didn't realize she was also from here."

"Yeah, we all grew up together." He took another bite of his crab cake.

"That's nice."

He leaned back in his chair. "Are you an only child?"

"Nope. I'm the baby of the family. My brother was three years ahead of me in school."

"Oh, okay. Ben and I are only eighteen months apart."

"Really? Isn't that called Irish Twins or something?"

"I think that's even closer. But we might as well have been. I don't know how my mom did it." He earned points by saying that. Any guy that thought about his mother's wellbeing deserved credit.

"I bet you gave her a run for her money."

He laughed. "Maybe just a little."

The waiter came by to clear the dishes and leave the check.

Jake grabbed the check before I could. "I've got it."

"It's okay. I can get mine."

"You drove here. It's the least I can do."

I smiled. "When you put it that way..."

"Want to take a walk on the beach?" Jake waited to get his credit card back from the server.

"Sure. It's beautiful out."

He took my hand again, and we walked down to the sand. I started to bend down to unstrap my sandals. "Here, let me help you." He quickly unstrapped them, and I slipped them off.

I couldn't ignore the thrill that went through me as his hands touched my legs. "Thanks."

"You're very welcome."

I picked up my sandals, and we walked down toward the water. "I forgot to mention it earlier, but my friend Mel said hi."

"Oh, cool. Are you guys close?"

"Very. She's my best friend." I couldn't imagine my life without her.

"I don't remember her too well, but if she's your friend, she's got to be cool."

"She remembers you."

"Yeah?" He bent down to pick up a shell.

"I have a feeling most girls do."

He shrugged. "A few."

"You asked about my recent dating. What about yours?" I don't know what it was, but being out on the beach made me more forward.

"There isn't much. I just hadn't met anyone too special." He emphasized hadn't.

"That's too bad."

"I have a feeling that may have changed though..." He once again took my hand. I liked that he kept doing that. It was sweet. The last guy I was with never held my hand.

"If you haven't figured it out yet, I like you, Emily." He tugged on my hand slightly to pull me closer. "I really like you."

"I- " I was cut off when his lips met mine. He moved his against mine gently. He pulled away, and I looked up at him. "I like you too."

He smiled. "I figured that out when you kissed me back."

"I could have just been so surprised I didn't know how to react."

"Let's make sure." He leaned over and kissed me again. This time it wasn't quite as gentle. Even so, he didn't move to deepen it. I'd have expected a guy like him to move things fast. I liked that he didn't. He let it stay just as it was meant to be-a kiss.

"Yeah, I like you."

He laughed. "Good."

He wrapped his arms around me. I leaned my head on his chest. It was strong-muscular, just the way it looked.

"When can I see you again?" he mumbled against my hair.

"I'm not sure."

He moved away so he could look at me. "I thought we just established we both like each other. We kissed-twice. Are you really doubting whether I'm getting a second date?"

"No. You're getting a second date, I just don't know when."

"Oh. Okay, I can handle that." He smiled, and I could see the relief on his face. "Are you working every night this week?"

"Unfortunately, yes."

"And next weekend?"

"I'm going away. Back home actually." I'd been looking forward to the trip for weeks.

"Oh, when do you get back?"

"Sunday, but I'm not sure what my schedule will be."

"Can you at least promise me a date in the next month?"

I laughed. "How about in the next two weeks?" I wasn't sure how I'd manage it, but I knew I would.

"Even better."

"I should probably head back." As great as the date was going, I needed to catch up on sleep.

"All right, let's go."

He held my hand the whole time, and entirely too quickly, we were standing by my car.

I reached for the handle.

"Not yet, there's one more thing I need to do." He leaned over again. This time his lips crushed into mine. He wrapped one arm around me while his other hand cradled my head. I moaned, and he took it as an invitation to deepen the kiss. There was nothing chaste about this one.

Normally, I would have been embarrassed to be kissing outside in the middle of the day, but I was too caught up in the moment to care. I reached my hand around to his back, slipping my hand just underneath his t-shirt to touch his warm skin.

After a few wonderfully intense moments, he broke the kiss and grinned. "Now that I've really kissed you, you can go."

"You're proud of yourself, aren't you?"

"I've wanted to kiss you since I first saw you."

"You were barely conscious."

"That just makes it more impressive."

I laughed. He made me laugh a lot more than I was used to. "You can do that again anytime."

"Even now?"

"I'm going home, Jake."

"Fine, but remember you said within the next two weeks. I'm holding you to that."

Still spinning from the kiss, I made a decision. "Wednesday."

"What about Wednesday?" He laced his fingers with mine.

"I get off at seven, and I can probably get here by eight. If that's not too late..."

"I thought you weren't free this week."

"Yeah, well...some time opened up."

"I knew I was a good kisser..."

I nudged him. "Do you want me to come or not?"

"Of course, I do. I'll even make you dinner."

"You want to make me dinner?"

"Yeah. Don't worry, I know how to cook."

"I wasn't worried."

"Good." He leaned in, pushing me back up against my car. "The next few days better fly by." His lips brushed against mine. When he pulled away, I groaned-disappointed.

He grinned. "I'm going to take that as an invitation." He leaned in again and gave me what I was hoping for. His lips connected with mine, and he didn't waste any time. He pushed his tongue into my mouth, and I gladly welcomed it. His hands left the car, pulling me against him.

I broke the kiss. "I better go."

"Wednesday." He looked at me hungrily, but backed up and opened my door.

I got in and started the car. "Wednesday."

"Bye, Emily."

"Bye, Jake."

I waited until I was back on the interstate to call Mel.

She answered on the third ring. She'd probably left a patient's room to pick up. "How'd it go?"

"Well. Very well."

"Is that all you're giving me?"

"He's a good kisser."

She squealed. "Alert the authorities! Emily Taylor got her first action in years."

"It wasn't action. It was a kiss. Well, four-or I guess five."

"Five? You kissed five times? Were they consecutive?"

"Not consecutive, but all towards the end of the date." I smiled thinking about it. I might have liked that he was taking things slow at first, but I definitely enjoyed discovering what more he had to offer.

"When are you seeing him again?"

"He's making me dinner on Wednesday."

She laughed, but it came out more like a snort. "That's sweet-or just an excuse to get you in bed."

"What does it say about me that I don't care which one it is?"

"Emily!" she shrieked.

"What?"

"Nothing, it's just awesome to hear you talk like a normal girl."

I didn't even respond to her comment. "He called me an optimist."

"Haha. Did you tell him you were about everyone but yourself?"

"No. But I thought it."

"Fine. Want to do dinner?"

"Maybe take out?"

"I'll be over at seven."

"Awesome. See you then."

I spent the rest of the drive thinking about those kisses-and Jake.

Chapter Eight

Jake

Wednesday couldn't come fast enough. I'd gotten through my first meeting with the assistant coaches, but looking through playbooks wasn't nearly enough to distract me. If I had a license, I probably would have shown up at Emily's door. Maybe it was a good thing I didn't have one.

I checked my watch again. She was at least ten minutes late. I didn't care if she was late, but I hoped she wasn't going to bail on me. Finally, I heard a knock. I jumped off the couch like my life depended on it and opened the door.

"Hey." I took Emily's hand, pulling her inside. I barely let the door close before I kissed her. I'd missed those lips.

"Hi." She ran a hand down my chest. That small touch drove me wild.

"I was worried you weren't coming."

"I'm sorry. I got held up at work."

"Don't apologize. I wouldn't have cared if it were one a.m. I'm just glad you're here." I knew I sounded sappy, but I didn't care. I seriously couldn't get enough of her. I looked it up, and you weren't supposed to remember much when they sedate you like that, but I swear I remembered seeing her. It made me feel connected to her in a way I didn't actually understand.

I took her hand again and led her into the kitchen.

"That smells good."

"You said you liked Italian." I'd called her to make sure before catching a ride to the store with Ben. If he thought it was surprising that I needed the ingredients for lasagna, he didn't show it.

"I do."

She seemed to really enjoy it. I liked that she ate. Some girls didn't, and it just seemed weird. I think I scored points by remembering to make a salad, and not one that came from a bag. After dinner, I cleared the plates while she tried to insist on doing the dishes. I wouldn't listen and made her sit while I did them. Usually I would have offered her wine, but I was still staying away from alcohol and figured she wouldn't expect it.

We moved into the den, and I sat down right next to her on the couch.

She brushed some hair behind her ear. "Thanks for dinner."

"My pleasure." I put an arm around her shoulder.

She leaned into my arm slightly. "My first impression of you was so off."

"Hmm. Is that good or bad?"

She turned a little to look at me. "Neither...or mostly good, I guess."

"What did you think I was like?"

"I don't know. Maybe stuck up, self-absorbed."

"Because I had a DUI?"

"Yeah. I know that's judgmental..."

"Nah, it's human nature to make assumptions about people."

She ran her fingers over the edge of her dress. "Did you make any assumptions about me?"

"Of course."

"What were they?"

"Oh. Well, my initial impression was that you were incredibly beautiful, sweet, smart, and sexy."

She snuggled into my arm more. "Do you think those first impressions were accurate?"

"Yes. Every single one of them."

She leaned in and kissed me. It was the first time she made the initial move, and I liked it. I swear, I'd never get tired of those lips; so soft, yet so demanding-absolutely perfect.

She might have started the kiss, but I quickly took over. She was good, but going way too slow. I needed more of her. I pushed my way into her mouth, loving that it made her moan.

The deeper I made the kiss, the more I needed from her. I touched her cheek gently, before letting my hand move to her neck and down to her chest. I cupped one of her br**sts through her dress, wanting nothing more than to get rid of the material separating us.

She had the same idea. She pulled away, and gave me the sexiest look I'd ever seen. She took her hand off my shoulder and used it to untie the halter tie of her dress. The front fell down to her waist. I didn't even think. I took off her strapless bra within seconds, dying to see what was waiting underneath. I was in heaven. Her br**sts were exactly the way I'd been picturing them since I'd met her. Full but not too big. Perfect. I didn't waste any time. Using my hands and mouth, I explored both.

She moaned again, pushing her hand under my shirt. She ran it up and down my chest. I made myself pull away from her long enough to take my shirt off. I needed more of her touch.

I'd be lying if I said I hadn't hoped it would happen, but I didn't actually expect it to. I thought she'd make me wait forever to have her, and I wasn't going to push things any faster than she wanted.

I returned my lips to hers, needing to kiss her again. I shifted her so she was lying down, and then held my weight above her. I broke the kiss and pulled her dress down over her hips. I had to see all of her. She was wearing pink, cotton panties. I loved that they weren't lacy or silk. They were real, down to earth, like her. She reached out and unbuttoned my shorts. She hesitated a moment before unzipping them, like she was nervous.

"We don't have to."

"I want to." With more confidence, she tried to pull them off.

I got up to make it easier. "Let's go to my room. I want our first time to be in my bed."

She nodded, and I picked her up. She wrapped her legs around my waist as I carried her down the hall. I pulled back the covers, before laying her down on the sheets. Watching her lying there in my bed, almost naked, with her hair splayed out across my pillow nearly undid me.

"Aren't you going to join me?"

"Hell yes."

I sat at the edge of the bed beside her running my hand over her br**sts and stomach and finally stopping right at her panties. I slipped a finger under the top and pulled them down. God, she was so gorgeous.

I took off my boxers and lay down next to her. "You are the most beautiful woman in the world." I meant it.

She blushed. "You'd probably say anything right now."

"No, I already have you naked in my bed. The work is done." I smiled to let her know I was joking.

"Shut up and touch me."

"Hmm, I don't know..."

"Jake, I'm not going to beg."

"You don't have to."

I kissed her, touched her, and explored her in every way I'd been dreaming of since I woke up. I reached into my nightstand, glad I'd picked up condoms when I got everything for dinner. I'd been afraid it would jinx me, but it seemed better than being unprepared. Ben hadn't commented on that purchase either.

I positioned myself over Emily, ready to finally have what I'd been craving.

She looked up at me. "I've never wanted anyone the way I want you."

"I feel the same way." I didn't wait a second more.

***

"You're not actually planning on leaving, are you?" I played with her hair, trying to figure out what to call it. It wasn't brown, but it wasn't red.

"Is that your way of asking me to spend the night?" She ran a hand down my back.

"Yes. And if the answer is no, you should be prepared for me to beg."

"You don't have to beg." She repeated my words from earlier.

"Good."

"You've got a comfortable bed."

"Do I?" I kissed her neck.

"Yeah. I like it."

"You can join me anytime you'd like." I moved my lips down just a little.

"That's so generous."

"I try."

She leaned back to give me better access. "I can't believe I did this."

"Got taken in by my charm?"

She laughed. It was such a light and carefree sound. "Slept with you on our second date."

"I take it you usually wait longer." I hoped the answer was yes. I wanted this to be special.

"Uh, yes. Isn't the rule at least three dates?"

"There are no rules. And even if there were, technically this is probably our fourth."

"How do you figure?" She placed the palm of her hand on my chest.

"Our chats in the hospital should add up to at least a few."

"No, they don't, but good try."

"Hey, you're the one worried about rules."

"There will be a third date, right?" She actually looked nervous.

"How about we agree on at least fifty right now."

"Fifty?"

"Yeah, isn't that a good number?" I kissed the back of her hand.

"And what happens after fifty?"

"We agree to another fifty, or a hundred, or well you get the idea."

"You're funny."

"Am I?" I kissed her hair.

"Yeah."

"You're beautiful."

"I'm not funny?"

"Oh, you are. But you're more beautiful than funny."

She picked her head up and kissed me.

"What was that for?"

"I just wanted to."

"Does that mean I can do anything I want to do?"

"Haven't you already?"

"Not everything, besides it's been a few minutes." I slipped my hand under the sheet so I could run my fingers over her stomach. "This is the first time I've had sex completely sober."

She leaned up on an elbow. "Are you serious?"

"Completely."

"I don't know if I should feel complimented or worried."

"Worried?"

"Maybe you just think you want me again because you've finally had sex without an alcohol buzz."

"That's definitely not the case. It's you I want."

"Maybe it's a little late to ask this, but are we exclusive?" There was something so innocent about how she said it.

"Of course. I just promised you another fifty dates. Do you think I'm promising lots of girls that?"

"Maybe. I guess it depends on your stamina."

I cracked up. "I'll show you my stamina."

"Uh oh. What did I just get myself into?"

"A sleepless night."

The look that crossed her face was equal parts panic and excitement. I'd make sure the panic disappeared.

Chapter Nine

Emily

I didn't want to wake up. Waking up meant facing real life-and leaving behind the fantasy world where I slept with a guy after a few dates and spent the night. I kissed Jake's lips lightly before untangling myself from his arms. He groaned, said my name, and rolled over. I knew he had work, but I doubted he needed to be up at five thirty in the morning.

Dressed and ready to go, I decided to leave a note. If the real world me were writing it, it would have said something about needing to go. I decided to be fantasy world Emily for a moment longer.

Dear Jake,

I won't question your stamina again.

-Emily

I left it on the nightstand next to his bed before letting myself out. It wasn't until I was on the road that I let myself think back on my night. It was hands down the best sex ever, but it was more than that. I was falling for Jake, and I wondered how he was going to fit into my life. He was literally my dream man. It was like I'd conjured him up myself, and something about that scared me. It also made me mad. Why should I get a taste of something so good just to have to give it up? Why couldn't I just have it last?

Sitting at a stoplight, I checked my phone. I had five missed calls from Mel telling me to call no matter what time it was. It was close to six, and she'd probably be getting ready for the gym.

"Em?" She answered on the first ring without even a hint of sleep in her voice.

"I just did something crazy."

"The last time you said that, you gave your number to a patient. I'm guessing since you never called me back and went to see Jake last night, this is crazier?"

"I'm driving home from Clayton Falls."

She made a tiny squeak, but tried to compose herself. Her voice was even when she finally spoke. "How was it?"

"Do you really want to know?"

"Yes. Not only am I curious if the heart throb from my high school is good in bed, I also want to know everything about you finally ending your two year sex drought."

"It turns out there isn't something wrong with me."

"Wait. Did you? You finally had one, didn't you?"

"Maybe." I was glad no one was in the car to see my smile.

"Oh my god. Oh my god. Maybe all of those rumors about Jake were true."

"What rumors?"

"His sexual prowess was pretty legendary."

"Oh. That's a buzz kill."

"What?"

"Hearing about his reputation." Obviously I knew he had experience, and I wasn't a virgin, but I still didn't want to think about it.

"It was high school, Em. You're the one he was using it on last night. The real question is whether you're going to let him do it again?"

"Maybe."

"Why don't you sound happier? Did I really just ruin it for you?"

"No, it's fine. It's just, what happens when I tell him about Noah?"

She didn't say anything for a minute. "I don't know. But you can't assume it will be bad."

"Well, it was worth it either way."

"That's good to hear. Life's about taking chances. You took a chance and had a good time. If you get something more, it's just icing on the cake."

"You're right."

"Of course I am. Now I need to hit the gym. Call me later?"

"I will." I hung up and pulled into my parking spot. As much as I wanted to push away the negative thoughts, I couldn't this time. But at least I'd have the memories.

Chapter Ten

Jake

I rolled over, ready to pull Emily back into my arms. Instead of the beautiful girl I expected, all I found was an empty bed. I felt the anger before I even processed it was happening. She wasn't the first girl to slip out on me, but she wasn't just some girl. She was Emily. And that hadn't just been random hook up sex. It was something more, whether she knew it or not.

Before I could get too mad, I saw the piece of paper on my bed stand. I assumed it would just be a thank you for a good night kind of thing, but it was so much better. I won't question your stamina again. I laughed after reading it aloud. If it were possible, I'd finally met a girl with the same sense of humor as me.

I glanced at the clock. It was seven a.m. I picked up my phone and texted her. You haven't seen anything yet.

I held my phone, hoping for an answer, but I eventually gave up. I didn't let it worry me. Her note let me know she was coming back. That was enough of a start.

I jumped in the shower and got ready for work. Although my dad threatened to make me go in with him at the crack of dawn, he didn't care as long as I got there by eight. I made it down to the marina by a quarter to eight, and poured myself a cup of coffee before heading out to work on a Grady White that had been giving us trouble. I'd been taking over a majority of the annoying maintenance work since Ben started working on fishing tours. Strategically, it was a really smart move for him. Clayton Falls got its share of tourists, and we even pulled in some of the Wilmington visitors, but it just meant more menial crap for me. That day, the work didn't bother me as much as usual. It was hard to be in a bad mood after the night I'd had. Even the humidity couldn't remove my grin. It was hot for so early in the morning, but that happened in North Carolina in August. I pulled off my t-shirt, already sweating after only a half hour outside.

"What's up with you?" Ben dropped in just as I'd finished fixing the engine. He always did have impeccable timing when it came to avoiding things he didn't want to do.

"What do you mean?"

"You just look different."

"Different?"

"Yeah. I'd say you looked drunk, but you're not that dumb. Dad would kill you."

"I'm not drunk. I haven't touched a drop."

"Then who's the girl?"

I smiled. "That's your next assumption?"

"There's no other explanation."

"Emily."

"Emily? Why does that name sound familiar?"

I grabbed a towel and wiped off my hands. "It was the name of one of the nurses at the hospital."

He grinned. "You're doing your nurse?"

"She's not my nurse anymore."

"Only you, man. Only you could get a girl when you were barely conscious."

"Yeah, I've got the touch." I laughed it off, but I didn't like talking about Emily like she was just some girl.

"Did you spend the night with her?"

I didn't want to discuss it with him, but I figured talking about a girl other than Molly might help smooth things over. "Yeah. It was uh...unexpected."

"She's definitely cute. I wouldn't have pegged her as your type, but what do I know?"

"My type? She's gorgeous."

Ben smiled. "Defensive much? I agreed she was cute."

"She's a hell of a lot more than cute."

"She's hot. Okay, is that what you want to hear?"

"You hate saying it. You hate saying that about anyone but Molly, don't you?"

He shrugged. "She blinds me. I waited five years for her. I don't even see anyone else."

Any other time I might have given him a hard time about it, but not after what had happened.

"Are you going to see her again?"

"Definitely."

"How do you plan to date a girl when you can't drive?"

"I have no clue, but I'll figure it out."

"I'm sure you will. You always seem to manage." He punched my arm before heading inside.

***

I was equal parts dreading and looking forward to starting as the coach. On one hand, I'd really missed football. On the other hand, I had no clue what I was doing. Either way, I was out of time. My first practice was about to start.

I paced nervously as I waited for the guys to come out of the locker room. It was really weird to be on the other side. I took a deep breath, wishing I'd spent more time coming up with a speech or something. They'd probably expect one on my first day.

"Need some help?" I turned at the sound of the familiar voice.

"Hey, man," I half hugged my best friend, Cole. "What are you doing here?"

"What the hell else do I have to do?"

I laughed. "Still no luck with the job hunting?" Cole had just moved back to town that summer. He was one of the few friends I'd talked to since the accident.

"Nothing. I guess no one's looking for a new accountant with no work experience during a recession."

"You could always talk to my dad. You know he'd find something for you."

"Yeah, I might have to. I just hate doing that."

"He won't mind, but it's up to you."

"I'll find something. Until then, I'll be right here annoying the hell out of you."

"Lucky me." Truthfully, I was glad to have him. Cole usually managed to make every situation more interesting.

"You said Anderson and Mitchell were sticking it out, where are they?"

"They'll be here. Mitchell's been cool, but Anderson definitely doesn't like answering to me."

Cole laughed. "Anderson always hated you."

"For no apparent reason."

"You gave him hell, and he couldn't do anything about it."

I grinned. "Yeah, we got away with a lot back then, didn't we?" Cole was the tight end when I was quarterback in high school. The team needed us, and we knew it. We pushed the limits every chance we got.

The shouting and laughing started before I could even see the team. I had this. There was no reason to be nervous about talking to a bunch of kids about football. I waited impatiently as they filed onto the field.

Mitchell and Anderson joined us. I nodded toward Cole. "Cole's going to help out, too."

"Whatever you say, Coach," Mitchell said with a smile. When I'd met with them to discuss plays, he'd seemed genuinely excited to have me on board. I don't know if it was because he liked me, or that it meant less work for him.

I took a few steps toward where the team waited and it suddenly became quiet. Nice, I could command attention. "All right, guys. I know things have been messed up with Coach Wilkinson out, but that doesn't mean it won't be a good season. For those of you who don't know, I'm Jake Mathews. Or I guess you should call me Coach Mathews." I glanced at Cole. He was loving this.

The team just stared at me.

"I'm new at this, and I can't promise miracles, but we're going to figure it out. You obviously know Coach Anderson and Coach Mitchell. This is Coach Mays. I'm assuming Coach Wilkinson still runs things the way he did when I was here-and I'm going to stick to that for now. So let's get moving. Start with two warm up laps then break into teams."

The guys took off, and I shook my head. It was going to be a very long season. I was trying not to let my nerves show with the players, but I knew how much was riding on me. The team meant everything to the community and the kids. I couldn't screw it up. For the millionth time, I wondered why they'd been crazy enough to trust me with the job.

***

"I don't know anything about football. Was that a good practice?" Molly climbed down from the bleachers after I sent the guys into the locker room.

"It was fine. I think." I clasped my hands behind my head. I was exhausted and stressed. I wanted a drink. Scratch that, I needed one. There was only one thing I wanted more. "Are you busy right now?"

"I'm going to drive you home..." She looked at me funny.

"Is there any way I could convince you to drive me to Wilmington?"

"It depends on whether you have a good reason to go." She took a seat on the bottom row.

I sat next to her. "It's to see a girl."

"A girl? Between recovering from a collapsed lung and getting a DUI, you managed to meet a girl?"

"I met her because of that..."

"Wait. Oh my gosh. It's the nurse, isn't it?"

"How'd you know?"

"I just did. You were totally checking her out at the hospital."

I smiled. Leave it to Molly to notice something like that. I think girls are just more perceptive. "Does that mean you'll drive me?"

"Have you seen her since you left?"

"A couple of times." I kept the details to myself.

"How? Did she come here?"

I nodded.

"How the hell did you manage that?"

I grinned. "My charm."

She stood up. "She's really pretty, and she seemed sweet. I'll take you, but we're stopping at your place first."

"Why?" I looked at my watch. It was after five. If I wanted to see Emily before she went to work, I had to move fast.

"You need a shower."

"No I don't. I didn't play."

"Jake, you're taking a shower."

"Fine. Then let's go."

"Okay. I have to call Ben. He's going to love this."

"He already knows about her."

"How?" She put a hand on her hip. "You told him first?"

"Why wouldn't I? It came up at work."

"Came up? Oh. You were talking sex, weren't you?"

"We're not having this conversation."

"Let's go."

We got in her car and were at my house a few minutes later.

Molly waited in the den while I showered. When I got out, she was grinning.

"What?"

"Ben says we can use this as an excuse for a date. He's on his way over."

"Seriously?"

"Yes. What did you expect me to do while you took out your nurse?"

"Her name's Emily."

"I know. Sorry." She really did look sorry. As much as Molly loved riling me up, she was a nice person.

I heard Ben's truck pull up out front. I grabbed my keys even though I only needed the one to my house, and we got in Molly's car. Thankfully, Ben didn't force me to ride squashed in the cab of his truck with them.

"Already needed to see her again, huh?" Ben taunted as he pulled out onto my street.

"Yes. Do you have a problem with that?"

"No. I just think it's funny."

"Funny?"

"Have you ever made this kind of effort for a girl before?" He glanced at me in the rearview mirror.

"No. But I've never wanted to see one so bad."

Ben moved his seat back, crushing my legs. I made a mental note to sit behind Molly on the way home. "I'm just waiting to find out what's wrong with her."

"Nothing's wrong with her."

"Something has to be wrong with her to make so much effort to see you."

"Maybe I'm just irresistible."

Molly snickered. "Keep telling yourself that."

"Hey, even you admitted to having a crush on me."

"In middle school. I can't account for my bad taste back then."

"Maybe your taste only got bad after that."

Ben laughed. "I'd say something in response, but I'm actually enjoying you two being back to normal."

"So am I." It was weird having Molly nice to me, especially after she found out what a jerk I was in high school. She should have hated me.

Ben put an arm behind Molly's seat. "Where and when are you meeting her?"

"I don't know. I need to call."

"What?" Molly turned around to look at me. "She doesn't know you're coming?"

"Nope. She has to work at seven thirty, I think. I'll call now."

Emily picked up after two rings. "Hey. I was just thinking about you."

"In a good way, I hope."

"Definitely."

"Any interest in seeing me?"

"I wish I could, but I have to work tonight." She sounded disappointed.

"What if I come to you?"

"You can't..."

"I'm about five miles outside Wilmington right now. Ben and Molly are driving me."

"Really? What if I didn't pick up or I said no?"

"I hadn't thought that far ahead."

She laughed. "I already ate dinner, and I only have an hour. But we could do coffee, I guess. Do you guys know the city well? Want to meet at Port City Java?"

"We'll find it."

"Good. I'll see you soon."

"I can't wait." I hung up.

Molly shook her head. "You're unreal. She must seriously like you to agree to a last minute date like that."

"I cut it close. She only has an hour."

Molly turned around again. "You're going to have to find something to do for longer than that. We're going to dinner."

"You mean I'm not invited?"

Ben pulled off at the exit. "Not a chance in hell."

I laughed. "Just drop me off at Port City Java."

"Not a problem."

We found the coffee shop and I hopped out. "Thanks for the ride. Give me a call when you finish dinner."

"Have fun." Molly smiled. I think she enjoyed having me at their mercy.

"You too. Don't get in too much trouble," I yelled before slamming the door.

I peered through the window, but Emily wasn't there yet. I decided to wait outside. I glanced at my watch. Emily definitely wasn't an early bird type. I paced, hoping she was just late again.

"Hey, sorry I'm late."

I glanced up. Emily looked incredible. She was beautiful in anything she wore, but there was something about the tight jeans, fitted blue t-shirt and cowboy boots that caught me off guard.

"Wow, you should be illegal."

"I assume that's some sort of compliment."

"Yes. Definitely a compliment." I stopped ogling long enough to pull her into a hug. The feeling of her body close to mine was amazing-she fit so perfectly.

"And here I thought you'd be disappointed I didn't dress up for you."

"You don't ever have to feel like that. I like you in anything." Or nothing. I kept that thought to myself. "You look cute with a ponytail."

"Yeah? I didn't feel like messing with my hair."

"I can't imagine ever having to mess with hair."

"I can tell." She reached up and tousled mine.

"What's that supposed to mean?" I teased.

"No comment."

I held open the door to the coffee shop and she went in. I followed right behind her as she immediately went up to the counter.

"What's your coffee of choice?" I asked.

"Just good old black coffee."

"Really?" I'd been out with girls who liked nonfat macchiatos or chai teas, but never one who liked her coffee black. "That makes two of us."

"I guess it's an easy order."

"I guess so." I ordered our drinks, and Emily went to claim us a table. I joined her. "Do you like country music?"

"That's random."

I gestured to her boots. "Your footwear made me wonder."

"What's wrong with my boots?"

"Nothing. They're pretty sexy actually. I'm just curious."

"Maybe I do listen to country."

"But what kind? There's good country and bad country."

She took a tentative sip of her coffee. "This I have to hear."

"Bad country is the easy one to define-anything twangy."

"Anything twangy?"

"Yes."

"Well, I'm a huge Blake Shelton fan. I also love Miranda Lambert and the Dixie Chicks."

"Okay. That's reasonable."

"Reasonable? What do you listen to?"

I took a careful sip of my coffee. It was still piping hot. "Good stuff."

"Such as?"

"The old classics. Nothing will ever beat Zeppelin. Or if you want something mellow, I'd go for Ben Harper."

"Interesting." She held her cup in her hands like she was trying to get warm.

"Interesting?"

She took off the lid of her coffee, probably trying to cool it. "You can tell a lot about someone by their taste in music."

"Funny, I was thinking the same thing about coffee."

"Oh? What does my coffee choice say about me?"

"It says, 'I'm cool, laid back, and awesome.'" I followed her lead, removing the lid from my cup.

"Is that because it's how you drink it?"

"Partly. But it's even cooler because you're a girl who likes it."

She shifted in her seat. "Why is it different?"

"I don't know. It just is."

She shook her head. "No double standard or anything."

"Just saying."

"I think you've been around the wrong girls."

I arched an eyebrow. "Oh yeah?"

"Let me see. Did the last girl you dated drink hers with skim milk and Splenda?"

"How'd you guess?"

"Because you're the kind of guy who goes for health conscious girls who are afraid they'll look high maintenance if they order a specialty drink."

I leaned back in my chair. "Oh, so you have my type figured out, huh?"

"Don't I?" She crossed her arms, challenging me. All that did was pull the fabric of her t-shirt tight across her br**sts. Yeah-I didn't need that distraction.

"No."

"Then what is your type?" She sipped her drink. My attention moved to her lips, which wasn't any better.

"You."

"Very suave."

"It's true. I just didn't know it until I met you."

"You're working hard considering you know I'm not going home with you tonight."

"And how do I know that?" I loved how easily we teased each other. Sometimes it was awkward when you saw a girl after you'd had sex. It wasn't at all with us.

She laughed. "I have work in an hour, and your house is nowhere near here."

"Maybe I'm working on an invitation to your apartment."

A look of panic crossed her face.

"I'm joking, but why wouldn't you want me to see it?"

"It's a mess."

She was obviously lying, but I decided to let it go. She still looked upset. I needed to change the conversation fast. "Is there anyone back home I need to be worried about?"

"Back home?"

"Yeah. Aren't you going home this weekend?"

"Oh, no. No guys back home."

"No high school sweetheart waiting to whisk you off?" I couldn't help but think of Ben and Molly. They'd been broken up for five years, but less than forty-eight hours after she came home they'd hooked up again. We'd agreed to be exclusive, but a lot can change in a weekend.

"No." She looked away.

"Hey, did that upset you?"

"No. It's fine."

I'd somehow struck a nerve. Hopefully, it had nothing to do with another guy.

Chapter Eleven

Emily

Jake's phone call made my day. I didn't want to leave without seeing him. I'd been thinking about him since I left his place that morning. I also knew it was time to tell him about Noah. If he broke things off, so be it. I only wanted to be with him if he could accept me completely. I'd almost told him when he asked about a high school sweetheart, but I wanted to enjoy a few more minutes, in case it was the last date we had.

"Would it be rude to ask how old you are?" He played with the cardboard sleeve from his nearly empty coffee cup.

"Maybe it's rude, but I don't mind telling you. Better yet, guess."

He gave me a sly smile. "Oh no. You can't do that to me."

"How badly do you want to know?"

"Fine... hmm. Twenty two?"

"Do I really look that old?" I put on my most offended expression.

"No, no. You don't look old."

I laughed. "I'm twenty-one."

"So I'm really robbing the cradle then."

"You're only twenty-three."

"How'd you know?"

"I was your nurse."

"Oh yeah."

Suddenly, the Dixie Chick's Wide Open Spaces blared from my purse.

I silenced my phone and glanced at my screen. "I've got to take this."

I hurried outside, hoping Jake wouldn't follow. I picked up right as the glass door closed behind me. "Is everything okay?"

My mom's calm voice answered, immediately putting me at ease. "Yes, but Noah wants to talk to you."

"Put him on." I'd called earlier that day, but they'd been out.

"Mama."

"Hi, sweetheart. How are you doing?"

"Hi, Mama." Noah only had a few words in his vocabulary.

I felt the tears threatening to spill. Hearing his voice always did that to me. "I miss you, but we're going to have so much fun when you come home. I love you, baby. I'll see you soon."

Of course, Jake picked that moment to come outside. His eyes widened as he heard my last comment. Wordlessly he went back inside, slamming the door behind him.

"Noah, honey. Mommy has to go. You be good for Grandma and Grandpa, okay?"

My mom got back on. "We'll see you tomorrow night, right?"

"Yeah. I have to run. See you tomorrow."

Reluctantly I hung up, not ready to deal with Jake.

I walked in, and Jake was sitting with his arms crossed.

"Hi." I sat down.

"Is there anything you feel like telling me? Maybe we have different definitions of the term exclusive, but unless you call your dog baby, I'm a little confused."

"It's not what you think."

"It isn't?" He looked at me skeptically.

I let out a deep breath. "You want to see Noah's picture?"

"Noah? That's his name?"

"Just look at his picture, Jake." I handed my phone over after selecting a picture of Noah sitting on a swing.

"Wait. Is this...do you have a kid?" A look of shock crossed his face.

"Yes. I have a son."

He stiffened. It was exactly the reaction I expected. "When were you going to tell me?" His voice was hard-accusatory.

"When it became an issue."

"Where is he?"

"With my parents. They kept him for the summer so I could work more. My mom's a teacher and has her summers off." I left out the part about his grandfather being sick and wanting to spend time with him before he died.

"Oh." He just sat there staring at me. His expression was unreadable, but it wasn't friendly.

My heart sunk. I shouldn't have been surprised, but I wanted him to say something. Anything. "Okay, this was fun. Sorry to have wasted your time." I put my purse back on my shoulder and headed outside. Part of me expected Jake to follow, but I refused to turn around until I reached my car. I looked back in through the large window. He was still sitting at the table with that unreadable expression. "Goodbye, Jake," I said to myself as I got into my car and drove away.

***

I had to get through the next few days of work without thinking about Jake too much. I couldn't afford to. I had to get everything ready for Noah when he got back. I dealt with the guilt of having him stay with my parents by picking up lots of little gifts for him. He wasn't quite two, but he definitely had a soft spot for anything with wheels. Such a boy.

I smiled thinking about him. It had been nearly a month since my last trip up to see him. I hated sending him away, but we desperately needed the money. My mom kept encouraging me to move back home near them, but I wasn't willing to do that. That felt too much like giving up.

Chapter Twelve

Jake

She had a kid? She actually had a kid and hadn't even brought him up yet? That changed everything. Or did it? I had no idea what to think. By the time the news sank in, I went outside to find her but she was already gone. Shit.

I pulled out my phone to call her, but stopped. What would I say? There was no way I could just sit around and wait for Molly and Ben. I needed to walk.

I didn't know Wilmington too well, but I headed further toward the downtown and just kept walking. When I got tired, I found a bench and just sat there. I had to think it through. Emily was amazing, nearly perfect. But could I really handle dating a mom? And what about the kid? What was I going to do around him? I thought she'd been really interested, but maybe she just wanted to mess around. Why would a mom want me around her son?

Finally, Ben called and I told him where to find me. I was ready to get home, but I wasn't in the mood to deal with the two of them. There's nothing like being with a happy couple to remind you of how much it sucks to be alone.

Ten minutes later, he pulled up. I got in the backseat without saying anything.

"How was your date?" Molly turned around as soon as I closed the door.

"She has a kid."

"What?" Ben looked at me in the rearview mirror after he pulled away from the curb.

"She has a kid."

"Wow, she looked so young." Molly still hadn't turned back around.

"She is young. She's twenty-one."

"How old is her-is it a boy or girl?"

"Boy. And I didn't get a chance to ask. He looked young in the picture she showed me, but not like a baby or anything."

"Real helpful." Molly rolled her eyes.

"How would I know how old he is?"

"So what did you do? Are you still going to see her?"

"I don't know." I buried my head in my hands. It was too much to think about.

"What does that mean?"

"She left before I could even process it."

Molly put a hand to her chest. "Oh my god. What did you say, Jake?"

"I think I just said, 'you've got a kid?'"

"That's it?" Molly asked incredulously.

"Maybe I also said, 'when were you going to tell me?'"

Molly gritted her teeth. "You two haven't been dating long. She didn't have to tell you yet."

"So what does it mean? If I keep dating her, does that mean I have to be the kid's dad or something?"

Ben picked that moment to jump in. "I'd assume he already has a dad..."

"Oh yeah." Great. So now I'd have to compete with the kid's father.

"Maybe she's a widow?" Ben suggested. "Have you thought of that?"

"At twenty-one?" I asked.

"Stranger things have happened."

"I wonder how old he is. Do you think she had a baby in high school..." Molly thought out loud.

"No, I don't think he's that old. But who knows?" I leaned back and closed my eyes.

"What's his name?" Molly said it softly. She was really fixated on the kid. It was probably because she was pregnant.

"Noah."

"That's a nice name."

Ben laughed. "Are we adding it to our list?"

"It depends on whether Jake keeps seeing her. If so, we can't use it."

"Why not?" I asked.

"Because what if you married her? You don't want cousins with the same name."

"I don't think you need to worry about that." Ben put a hand on her leg. "Do you even think she's going to speak to him again after his reaction? She probably thinks he hates kids."

Molly fiddled with the AC. "She dated him in the first place. She's obviously weird."

I sat forward. "Thanks, Molly."

"You're welcome. I'm just keeping it real." She turned around and stuck her tongue out at me.

"Reverting to childhood, are you?"

"You're one to talk. A girl tells you she has a son and all you can do is mimic like a parrot?"

"It surprised me. Sue me."

"All I know is that if you actually want to see this girl again, you need to apologize fast."

"She's going home to pick him up this weekend. He was staying with her parents so she could work more or something." I stretched out my legs as much as humanly possible in the back of Molly's Civic. At least she tried to give me leg room.

Ben turned onto the interstate. "See. I might be right. If there was a dad around, he'd have him right now."

Molly added another fantastic suggestion. "He could be a deadbeat."

"I don't know which is worse...a dead husband she can't get over, or a deadbeat that could pop back up at any time."

"It's only an issue if you see her again..." Ben started.

"I have to see her. She's almost perfect."

"Almost?"

"She likes country music."

Molly groaned. "I'm not even going to respond to that one. When you get home, call her. Prepare to beg for forgiveness. Blame it on the pain meds." It sounded like Molly was reading off a list.

"I'm not taking them anymore."

"Then find something else. No woman will want a man who freaks out when she mentions her kid."

"I can't handle this right now."

"So what? Are you going to just give up?"

I let out a deep breath. "No. I just need time to figure it out."

"You don't always get time."

I looked out the window. "All right, let's change the subject."

"Fine, but don't wait too long."

I tried to tune Molly out for the rest of the ride. Why is it that nothing in life was ever simple?

Chapter Thirteen

Emily

Town looked exactly the way it had when I left the month before. The windy mountain roads were easy to navigate in the summer, and I rolled down my windows to enjoy the breeze.

The only thing special about Ridgeview was that it was home to the college of the same name. One of the smallest state schools in North Carolina, no one's really heard of it. I drove past the bustling campus. Classes had recently started back up, and I watched students hugging after a summer apart. I couldn't imagine living like that. It seemed more like a movie or book than anything real.

After getting stuck in some construction related traffic, I finally reached my parents' street. There was always something new being built on campus. I pulled into the driveway and parked. I bolted out of the car, so excited to see Noah. I opened the door, and he nearly knocked me over running into my arms.

"Mama!"

"Hi, baby." I held him against me for as long as he let me. I reluctantly let go so he could run around. He never stood still.

When he pulled away, my mom was standing in front of me. "You made good time." She took Noah's place, giving me a hug.

"There was hardly any traffic until I hit campus. It was great."

"Are you hungry? Noah and I were making you a little something special."

"Yeah? Did you help?" I bent down and scooped Noah up. I knew I wouldn't want to put him down at all for days.

"Cookie."

"Cookies? Mm, I definitely want one." I followed my mom into the kitchen, still holding Noah.

I took an oatmeal raisin cookie right off the tray, breaking it into two and giving Noah the bigger half.

His eyes widened, and I kissed him on the top of his head before taking a bite of my portion. He had soft, brown hair that was much darker than anyone's in my family. I loved it.

"You must be exhausted. I'm glad you're here, but you could have slept more. You only gave yourself four hours." Mom was just being her worrying self. Now that I was a mom, I understood it.

"I couldn't wait any longer." Noah squirmed so I put him down. "Is Dad awake?"

"I think so. You should go on up and see him."

I leaned back against the counter. "I might wait."

"You two are going to have to make up eventually." She didn't have to say it. I knew she was telling me that I was running out of time.

"Make up? That implies we're in a fight. He decided to write me off."

Mom wiped down the kitchen table even though I'm sure she'd already cleaned it. "That's not true. He didn't agree with your decision. That's all it was."

"Because marrying the father of my child was a bad idea?"

"Emily." She looked at Noah and back at me. He wasn't a baby anymore. I couldn't just say anything in front of him.

"I know. I'll go talk to him."

I took the steps as slow as humanly possible. There had been a time when I'd been Daddy's little girl, but that ship had sailed years ago. I stopped in front of his closed door, steadying myself before knocking.

"Come in." His voice was gruff. It was nothing like the voice I remembered from my childhood.

I took a deep breath and pushed it open. Dad sat propped up in bed with a laptop on one of those portable desks. "Hello, Emily."

"Hi, Dad." I awkwardly leaned around the computer to hug him.

He patted my arm just as awkwardly. I remembered back to a time when he would have given me a bone crunching hug instead. "I didn't think you were getting in until tonight."

"I couldn't wait any longer to see Noah."

"He's a sweet boy." Dad glanced at his computer screen.

"I know." I looked down. I couldn't look Dad in the eye anymore either. I guess it was one thing we had in common.

"I appreciate you letting me spend time with him this summer."

Why'd he have to put it that way? Like I was doing him a favor. "Of course. It worked out well. I got a lot of extra shifts in this summer that I couldn't have otherwise."

"That's what your mother said. At least you haven't lost your work ethic." He typed a few words on the computer. Dad was still on the payroll at the college, but he wasn't teaching any classes anymore. I think he was having a hard time letting go, and he definitely wasn't ready to give up on his research.

I picked at my nail. "How have you been feeling?"

"You're not my nurse, Emily. You don't have to ask that."

"I'm asking as your daughter."

"I'm fine. How am I supposed to be doing?"

"I'll let you rest." I wasn't going to cry. I'd already shed enough tears over my dad's distaste for me to last a lifetime. Surprisingly, it wasn't the fact that I got pregnant in high school that he resented me for. No, it was because I married the guy who knocked me up. Dad thought Tim was trouble-and he was right. But what was I supposed to do?

Dad nodded, and I left the room.

"That was fast." Mom stood with her arms crossed at the bottom of the stairs.

I shrugged. "I tried."

"Did you?"

I was about to ask where Noah was, but I heard his squeals coming from the living room. I followed them to find him rolling around on the floor with my parents' golden retriever.

"He loves that dog." Mom put an arm around my shoulder.

"It seems that way."

"You know if you moved back up here, he could see him all the time."

"We've been over this..."

She turned toward me, placing a hand on each of my shoulders. "Sweetheart, you look exhausted. You've been working yourself to the bone. Why won't you come home and let me help?"

"We live in Wilmington now."

"You only moved there for Tim. Don't you think it's time you moved on?"

I shook my head. "No."

"Is this about your father?"

"No."

"Emily. You have to think about more than just yourself now." She said it softly but it hurt like hell.

"You think I don't know that? Do you think I've been working this hard just for myself? Do you think I've had almost no life since Noah was born because I'm selfish?" I might have stopped myself from crying with my dad, but I wasn't able to stop it this time.

"I know. But you can make it easier."

"I can't. I'm not crawling back here."

"Is that it? You're afraid of looking like you can't handle it on your own? Because plenty of moms can't handle it even with a husband."

"It's more than that. I think we're where we should be."

"I thought you'd say that."

"Then why'd you bring it up?" I wiped away the tears with the back of my hand.

"I had to try."

I sat down on the floor next to Noah. I let him play for a minute before pulling him onto my lap. He only let me snuggle him for a second before chasing after the dog again.

"Why don't you go lie down?" Mom said from behind me. "He'll be ready for his nap soon too."

"I know. Maybe I can convince him to nap with me."

She laughed. "Good luck with that. But his portable crib is set up in your room anyway."

"I've missed him so much."

"I know."

Noah stopped and walked back over to me, falling down into my arms.

How could I stay upset when I had the most amazing little man in my life? I stood up holding him against me. "I'm going to see if I can get him to nap."

Mom smiled. "See you both in a few hours."

I walked back upstairs and pushed open the door to my childhood bedroom. I held Noah against me for a while longer before putting him down in his pack and play. He seemed surprisingly content to play with some toys.

I curled up under my quilt and watched him until I heard his breathing even out. Once I knew he had fallen asleep, I followed.

Chapter Fourteen

Emily

"Mama, Mama," Noah woke me up an hour later.

It took me a second to wake up fully. "Hi, baby." I stayed in bed for a minute listening to his happy chatter. An hour wasn't nearly enough sleep. I'd have to make some coffee to survive until Noah's bedtime.

I picked Noah up out of the crib and carried him back downstairs. He struggled against me so I set him down. He took off and raced into the kitchen.

I heard a couple of voices. I quickly realized the male voice belonged to my brother's best friend, Austen.

I tensed when I heard Noah scream-until I realized it was actually a happy squeal. I stepped into the kitchen and watched Austen swinging Noah around.

"Hey, Em!" Austen set Noah down and pulled me right into a hug.

"Hi, Austen."

"You look great." He turned back to my mom. "I don't know what you're talking about. She looks incredible."

Mom shook her head. "She's exhausted."

"It doesn't show."

I filled a glass with water from the door of the fridge. "Is there a reason for this flattery?"

"I'm just telling you both the truth." He went back over to the counter and picked up a cookie.

"How many of those have you had so far?" I tried to sound accusatory, but I ended up smiling.

"It's only my second."

I looked to my mom and she held her hand palm up toward him. "He's telling the truth."

"I have to keep my figure." He gestured to his perfectly fit body.

I nudged Austen's arm before placing my glass by the sink. It always bothered my mother when I left it there, but it seemed silly to put it in the dishwasher when I'd just want more water in an hour.

"What are you up to tonight, Em?" he asked innocently, but I had a feeling that the wrong answer would leave me with an invitation that Mom wouldn't let me refuse. I just didn't know what the right answer was.

Mom decided to butt in anyway. "I'm sure she's free. She didn't expect to get in this early."

"I haven't seen Noah in weeks."

Mom wasn't ready to drop it. "He goes to sleep at seven thirty. You might as well go out and have fun."

"How about it?" Austen smiled. That smile used to make me weak.

"I don't think I'm up for going out."

"All right, I get that. How about I come back over tonight after Noah goes to sleep? I'd love to catch up, but I need to get going. I only stopped by when I noticed your car."

"That sounds lovely. Do you want to join us for dinner?" Mom said in her 'this isn't really a question' voice.

He glanced at me, and must have seen something there. "No. That's all right. I'll just come by around eight or so."

"Great. I'll walk you out." Mom glanced at me over her shoulder. She really needed to stay out of things.

Mom returned to the kitchen. "Austen looks great, doesn't he?"

"As compared to how bad he looked the last time I saw him?"

"All I'm saying is he's a good looking man."

"What's your point, Mom?" I pulled out some coffee beans from the cabinet and poured them in the grinder.

"My point is that he's good looking and clearly interested."

"He's not interested in me. He just wants to catch up."

"I'd call you innocent, but I think that little boy in the other room makes that impossible."

"What are you expecting? That Austen will decide he wants to marry a single mom and raise a kid that isn't his?" I was shocked by the anger in my voice. I was even more shocked when I realized I wasn't thinking about Austen when I said it.

"You didn't choose this path, Emily."

"No, but that doesn't change the fact that I'm a single mom."

"Austen knows that and doesn't seem to care. You can't say that about all men."

"I know." I forced myself to push Jake out of my head.

I scooped Noah up again. He pushed a little turtle toy into my face. "Thanks, kiddo. It's exactly what I wanted."

Dad didn't come down for dinner. I wasn't sure if he'd been doing that since he got sick, or if it was because I was there. I didn't ask. I helped Noah with his food and then settled down to enjoy mine. Between Jake cooking for me, and then my mom, I felt spoiled.

I played with Noah, read to him, and put him to sleep. I put him in the crib set up in my brother's room, so I didn't have to worry about waking him up when I went to bed. I was lucky he was such a good sleeper and rarely woke up at night.

Austen showed up at exactly eight, and my mom conveniently disappeared five minutes later.

"Do you want to sit out on the back porch?" I slipped on some flip flops.

"Yeah, that sounds great."

"Want something to drink?" I had already pulled a diet Coke out for myself.

"Sure, I'll have the same as you."

I raised an eyebrow. "Since when are you drinking diet?"

"First you accuse me of eating all the cookies, and now you don't think I can drink diet soda? What kind of impression have I made on you all these years?"

I laughed, but it came out as more of a giggle. Austen was the only person who ever made me do that-and he knew it.

He held open the screen door and followed me out. I curled up on one of the worn, floral-pattern couches, pulling my sweatshirt around me. One of the best parts of being in the mountains was that it got cool on summer nights.

"What's new with you?" He took a seat next to me, instead of on the chair.

"Nothing really."

"Come on. I need something. How's work?" Noticing I was cold, he covered my legs with the blanket my mom always left on the back of the couch.

"Busy. I like it, but I'm ready to slow down. It's been great to make some extra money though."

"I bet." He popped open his soda.

"I'll have the rest of your money back soon. I promise."

"Em, don't worry about it."

"I know you said you didn't want interest, but I think 4% is fair."

"Stop it. I don't need it back."

"It was a loan, not a gift."

"Only because you insisted on it." His eyes pleaded with me to stop fighting him, but I couldn't. I didn't believe in taking handouts. "What Tim did to you sucks. I wish I could help more."

"Please, don't go there." I didn't want to think about the day those men showed up at my door demanding money. I'd had no idea my husband owed thousands in gambling debts.

Austen tapped his fingers on the side of the couch. "What? You think I'm going to lecture you or something?"

"No. I just don't even want to think about him."

He leaned back against the cushions. "You did the right thing. I know giving them the money was hard, but at least you could move on with your life. They haven't been back, have they?"

"No, not a word. I paid them every cent." I placed a hand on Austen's arm. "Thank you."

"I wish I could do more."

"It's not your job to. I'm the one who got messed up with Tim in the first place."

"You like to see the best in people." Austen turned toward me. I shifted my legs to give him more room, but he trapped them and pulled them onto his lap. "That's a good trait, but not if you let people hurt you."

"That's a nice way of putting it."

"How else could I?"

"My friend, Mel, says I just like to save people. She claims I like to go for guys who are broken and try to fix them." It's true that the few dates I'd been on since Tim had been with guys with their share of problems, but I never tried to save them. I didn't have the strength.

Austen didn't say anything for a moment. "You did marry a guy with anger issues...are there more I don't know about?"

"Is that your way of asking about my recent dating history?" I teased.

"Maybe." He finished off his soda and set it down on the floor next to him.

"I met a guy, but it's not going to work out." I felt a pang in my chest when I thought about Jake. I knew he'd probably have that reaction, but I liked the fantasy that things could work out.

Austen watched me for a minute, probably trying to make sure I wasn't going to continue on my own. "Why not?"

"He wasn't too excited when he found out about Noah."

Austen ran a hand over my legs through the blanket. "He's an idiot then. Any guy who'd give up the chance to be with you and Noah has to be out of his mind."

"Or normal. What guy our age wants to date a single mom? It kind of takes the fun out of things."

"Why? It doesn't have to."

"Come on. Would you really want to date someone like me?" I sat up a little.

"No."

"See." I tried to pull my legs away.

He gripped them so I couldn't. "I would love to date you-not someone like you."

I couldn't ignore the chills that ran up my spine when he said it. I'd dreamed of those words coming out of his lips for years. Austen's face wasn't classically handsome like Jake's, his features were more rugged, but he was definitely attractive.

"This is when you're supposed to tell me you'd love to date me too." He smiled.

"Even if you were being serious, which I don't actually believe, how could it work? On top of balancing Noah, I'm supposed to do long distance?"

"Let's deal with the second part of that first. I have a job opportunity in Wilmington. I just need a reason to take it. As to the first part-I'm serious. Completely serious."

"Austen..."

"Does it really surprise you that much?"

"Yes. Why now?"

"When was it supposed to happen before? Your brother would have killed me if I asked you out in high school. And, well, you didn't give me any time after you graduated..." He didn't need to finish that sentence. I was pregnant before the end of senior year.

"Let's not do this. We both know you don't want to move to Wilmington, especially since we don't know if it would work."

"I already told you I'd do it if I had a reason. Do you really think I'd rather stay in Ridgeview alone? And the only way to find out if it works is to try it."

"Try it? I'm only here for the weekend."

"That leaves tomorrow night. I can make a big impression in one night." He wriggled an eyebrow even though we both knew he wasn't talking about us having sex.

"I can't. Not now. It's not that I don't like you. I-"

"It's that guy, right? You're hung up on him."

"Maybe." Dating Austen would feel like a rebound so soon after Jake, and I could never be with Austen in that way. It would have to be all or nothing.

"Okay. Take some time. I'm not rushing this."

"I don't expect you to wait around for me."

"I never said I was going to. But don't be surprised if I check back in." He shifted my legs so he could lean in closer to me. "Soon."

His breath was warm on my face, and I thought he might kiss me, but instead he just kissed my forehead. "Good night, Em."

"Good night."

He smiled before walking around front to his car. I leaned back against the couch. I hoped I hadn't just made a huge mistake.

I waited until I heard his car pull out of the driveway before I went upstairs and took a hot shower. I'd just pulled on a t-shirt to sleep in when I noticed a missed text message on my phone. I reacted like an idiot. Any way you'd give me another chance?

Seeing Jake's name on the screen brought back memories from the night we spent together. Memories that hurt to think about.

I didn't respond right away. I finished getting washed up and slipped into bed with a book. I never had time to read anymore, but I needed a distraction.

Finally, when my eyes got heavy, I put my mystery down on the bed stand and picked up my phone. You didn't react like an idiot. You reacted like most guys would. Don't beat yourself up about it. I wanted to add more, but I didn't.

He responded right away, like he was sitting with the phone. How about the second chance?

I wanted to say yes. If I was just thinking of myself I'd say it in a heartbeat, but I had Noah to think about. Could I really get involved with a guy who reacted the way he did? I don't think so. There are plenty of less complicated girls out there. Have fun.

I don't want uncomplicated. I want you.

My stomach knotted when I saw the words. Why did it matter so much to me that he wanted me? I want you too, but it's not just me.

How old is Noah?

I smiled. He remembered his name. Almost two.

He didn't reply. Instead, my phone rang. I hesitated but decided to pick it up. "Hi, Jake."

"Hi, Emily. I wanted to hear your voice."

"I see." I leaned back against my pillows, enjoying the familiar feel of my childhood bed.

"So almost two...that's cool."

I smiled. "Yes, very cool."

"I like his name. Did you name him after the guy in the bible?"

I laughed. "The guy in the bible? I suppose every Noah is named after him in a way, but that's not what I was thinking."

"So you picked it?"

"Yes. His father wanted to name him Ted, but I won."

"Oh. I like Noah better. I guess you have better taste than his dad."

"Maybe." I had a feeling this was Jake's way of getting me to talk about Noah's father. I didn't want to, but holding it back wouldn't help anything. "Noah's never met his dad."

"Oh...that sucks."

"It does. Tim died in Afghanistan a few months after Noah was born." I could still remember hearing the news. I felt like I'd been pulled under by a wave. How was I supposed to raise Noah alone? But then another side of me was relieved, and I felt horrible for feeling that way. Austen was right about me liking to see the best in people, because I never accepted that Tim's anger issues were more than a short temper until I was already pregnant. I didn't find out about the gambling until after he died.

"Afghanistan? He was in the military?"

"Yes. But before you start calling him a hero-he wasn't. Or at least not before. He only joined because it was that or jail."

"Jail? Geez..."

"Yeah. He had a crazy temper." I was glad we were having this conversation on the phone because it was easier, but I wished I could see Jake's face. I needed to know how he was reacting. "He got in some bar fight."

"Oh?"

"All I know is that it had something to do with him smashing a guy's head through a table."

"Ouch."

"Sorry. I don't know why I'm telling you all of this..."

"No. It's good. Or not good, but better than I thought."

"What did you think?"

"I thought maybe his dad was back home and you were always planning to go back to see him. Like you used me or something."

"Used you? Because girls use you for sex all the time?" I thought about what Mel had said about his reputation. Maybe it wasn't so far off.

I expected him to laugh but he didn't. "Ordinarily I wouldn't have cared, but I do care. I don't want to be a guy you had a one night stand with."

"It can't be more."

"Why not? You made it sound like you wanted it to be. That note you left sure hinted at it."

I heard rustling and wondered if he was in bed. I wanted to be in that bed. "I can't believe I wrote that. I can't believe I slept with you."

"I can. I relive it in my dreams."

"You aren't ready to deal with someone like me. You have enough to worry about."

"So this is about me? This isn't about you?" He sounded defensive. I couldn't blame him.

"It's about Noah. It's about what's best for him."

"And it's bad for him if you date me?" The way he asked made me think he didn't really want to hear my answer.

I took a deep breath, steadying myself. "I need to make a stable life for him."

"So you're just going to stop dating until he's eighteen?"

"I don't know."

"Does he like to watch football?"

"Football? He's not even two."

"Yeah, I guess that's too young. Does he like junk food and crowds?"

I laughed lightly. "Yes, I guess so."

"If you're not working Friday, would you guys want to come to Clayton Falls? It's the first home game I'm coaching."

"Come to your game? That's the date you want?"

"I'll take you both out for ice cream afterward." I could picture him smiling as he said it.

"Even if you don't win?"

He laughed. "We'll win, but either way you two get ice cream."

I thought about it. Noah might like the game, and I'd get Mel to come. I missed Friday night football games. My brother played and I was at every game. "I'll think about it."

"Good. Enjoy the rest of your time at home."

"I'll try. Have a good weekend."

"Whoa. Not so fast. You'll try? Don't you like visiting home?"

Great. Why did I have to say that? "Maybe I just miss you."

He laughed. "I know that's a complete lie, but I'll pretend it isn't. Good night, Emily."

"Good night, Jake."

I hung up and replaced the phone beside me. I was far too antsy to sleep. I peeked in at Noah. He was peaceful and sleeping away. I went back to my bed and lay awake. When I finally fell asleep, I dreamed of Jake-again.

Chapter Fifteen

Jake

I'm not sure why I invited them to the game. I could have come up with a better suggestion, but at the time it seemed smart. I knew the kid was young, but most boys liked watching sports, right?

Texting Emily had been an impulse-but calling took a lot more nerve. I never chased girls. They either came to me, or I forgot about them. Of course, there was the stupid thing I did to Ben and Molly, but that had more to do with jealousy than trying to get a girl. Maybe I was delusional, but sitting back and waiting was usually a good plan. I'd never had a problem getting girls, and I'd never played their games. That was for pathetic guys who were desperate. Maybe I was desperate.

Emily wasn't going to come to me. If I wanted her, I was going to have to do the work. It may have taken a few days, but eventually I realized I liked her too much to stay away. My biggest worry was that she wouldn't want me around Noah, but that was for her to decide. I had to at least try.

As soon as she said my name, I knew it was worth the effort. I had to see her again. The question was how I was going to convince her of the same thing.

I hung up with her on a mission. She said she might come to the game. If she did, I'd have to make sure I made the right impression. I had no idea how to make that happen. I needed advice, and there was only one person I wanted to ask. I only had one female friend, and she was back in Boston finishing up law school.

Becca picked up on the first ring. "Hey, Jake. Are you okay?"

"Yeah. I'm fine. Did I wake you up?" I glanced at my watch. It was eleven thirty, still early for a Friday night.

"Nope. We're up."

I heard some mumbling in the background. I laughed. I'd definitely woken Gavin up. I had no problem with that. There was no love lost between her boyfriend and I, but he made her happy.

"Good."

"How are you feeling? I've been so worried."

"I'm fine. Thanks for the flowers and card, by the way."

"Of course. I wish we could have been there." I didn't doubt it. Becca really cared.

"It's fine."

"Okay. So what's going on?"

"I need girl advice."

"Really? Ohh, this is going to be so good. Hold on a sec." She tried to muffle the phone but I heard her talking to Gavin. "I don't want to keep you up. I'll go talk in the other room." I'm guessing he said something like, "don't take too long," because she continued, "Jake's never asked for girl advice, I have to talk to him."

I heard her moving around, and waited as patiently as I could.

"Okay, I'm ready."

"What exactly did you need to get ready?"

"A sweatshirt and a glass of water."

"Okay...because that's not random."

"Do you want to make fun of me, or do you want advice?"

I could practically see her glaring at me. "Advice."

"Good. Now what's up? Who's the lucky girl?"

I sat back against the couch. "Her name's Emily, and she's incredible. Absolutely, incredible."

"Incredible meaning the sex is good or..."

"Seriously? That's the first question you're going to ask me?"

"Okay. Good. That response means it's more than that. Keep going."

"Like I said, she's incredible. In bed and out."

"Jake."

"Okay, you started it. So things were going great until she dropped a bomb on me and I didn't exactly have the response she wanted."

"What kind of bomb?" Becca's voice got kind of high. She was probably on the edge of her seat.

"She has a kid."

"Wow."

"Wow? Is that all you've got?"

"It's just surprising. Is she older or..."

I yawned. Either I was getting old, or it was an after effect of the accident, but I got tired so much earlier than I used to. "She's twenty-one."

"How old is her kid?"

"Almost two. She had him young."

"How did you react? Or do I not want to know?"

I ran a hand through my hair. I didn't want to repeat this again. "Not well. But how could I have acted? It was surprising."

"But you're still interested?"

"Very. I don't care whether she has a kid. I like her."

"Do you know anything about the dad?"

"He's dead."

She didn't say anything for a second. "Oh...wow."

"Yeah. Wow."

"Does she know about what happened?"

"She was my nurse."

"You picked up your nurse? Are you kidding me? Wait. Scrap that. It doesn't surprise me at all. But that means she knows about you drinking and driving. You're going to have to work extra hard then."

"Extra hard?"

"To convince her you're mature enough to be with her. You have to be the man she needs for herself and her son."

"What, like be his daddy?"

"No, Jake." She sighed. "But no mom wants an overgrown adolescent around her child. Does that make sense?"

"I guess. But how do I show her I'm mature?"

"Be patient, be respectful and be what she needs."

"How do I know what she needs?" I put my feet up on the ottoman.

"You need to figure that out."

"How?"

"Jake?" A gruff, pissed off voice took over.

"Hi, Gavin."

"Do you realize it's almost midnight?"

"Yes." I held back the snicker that wanted to come out.

"I think it's time you said good night to my girlfriend."

Before I could respond, I heard Becca. "Give me the phone." I could just picture Becca pouting.

"Sorry about him."

"As much as it pains me to say this, he's right. I've kept you up enough. Thanks for the advice."

"No problem. Call anytime."

"Thanks. Have a good one."

"You too, and good luck. It might be hard, but if she's really as great as you say she is, it's worth it. Love's worth it."

"Love's worth it? Maybe if the law school thing doesn't work out you can get a job at Hallmark."

"Shut up, Jake."

"Now that's the way to end a conversation. Bye, Becca."

I hung up and decided I might as well get some sleep.

Chapter Sixteen

Emily

Noah had a hard time leaving my mom. It shouldn't have surprised me at all, but I found myself torn by his reaction to being buckled into his car seat. I was thrilled he'd gotten so close to his grandmother, but I also felt jealous that he'd built that bond with someone when I wasn't there. It made no sense, and I pushed myself to focus on the good part.

"We'll be home in a few hours." I glanced back at him in the rearview mirror. He looked so comfortable, holding a dinosaur toy in each hand. It felt so much more normal having him back there. Driving around without a car seat in the back had felt strange.

"Home." That was a new word for him. He hadn't been talking much, but his pediatrician assured me he was on the normal pace.

"Your room is all ready for you."

He smiled, and I hoped the ride would go quickly.

We pulled into the garage and took the elevator up to my apartment. We had a two bedroom, but his bedroom was pretty tiny. I figured it wasn't a big deal considering how young he was-but I think every mom just wants to give their kid more.

Thankfully, Noah woke up when the car stopped. It would be hard enough to lug our bags up holding his hand. I couldn't have done it while holding him. We finally reached our door and I set everything down to unlock it. Just as I was about to push the door open, Noah took off running down the hall.

"Noah!"

He turned and laughed before continuing his run. I caught up with him and picked him up. I'd almost forgotten how fast he was. Eventually, I got Noah and all of our stuff inside.

I made lunch, Noah's favorite Kraft Macaroni and Cheese, before collapsing on the couch while he played with his toys. At least they were exciting again after he'd been away for so long. I'd give him the new ones I bought when the novelty wore off.

***

The lot at Clayton Falls High School was nearly full when we pulled in. I found a spot and immediately dialed Mel. She'd come to town earlier to catch up with some friends. She picked up on the first ring. "Are you here?"

"Yeah. In the parking lot." I looked out the window at the swarms of people all wearing red. My high school color was also red, so in a weird way I felt right at home even though I didn't know anyone.

"I'll walk back toward you. See you in a sec."

I walked around and unbuckled Noah. He struggled in my arms, preferring to walk, but it was way too crowded for that. I slowly made my way over to the entrance.

"If it isn't my two favorite people." Mel grinned when she saw us coming.

"You look way too excited for this," I teased. She was wearing a faded Clayton Falls Mustangs t-shirt, and had her hair tied up in a ponytail. I'd never seen Mel leave the house in a faded t-shirt or a ponytail.

"I haven't been to one of these since high school." Her face was lit up like a little kid. It was nice to see this side of her. It made me glad I asked her to come along. She thought I was joking at first, but once she realized I was serious she got hyped up about it.

"Where are your friends?" I'd been a little nervous about meeting them. Mostly because of Jake. I wasn't sure I could handle too many questions.

"They weren't interested in coming. I guess it's different when you live here." She shrugged.

"Oh. Well, I'm glad you came."

"Of course. I'm psyched Noah's first game is in Clayton Falls." She reached into her tote bag and pulled out a stuffed animal mustang with a Clayton Falls shirt. "Here you go, little man."

"You didn't have to get him that."

"The Booster Club was selling them. I figured he'd like it."

Noah grinned, holding the horse against him. "Thanks, Mel. I hope he's good. I have no idea what he's going to think."

"He'll be fine. It will be so loud that it won't matter what he does." Mel led the way to the ticket stand. "Two adults and one under two."

I touched her arm. "I can get ours."

"Yes, because I can't afford the two dollar price tag?"

I laughed. "Thanks, Mel."

"Although you should probably get in for free. I can't imagine Jake would want you to pay."

The two women at the booth looked at me with a lot more interest.

"Stop," I warned Mel.

She smiled. "Aww, you're embarrassed, aren't you?"

I shook my head. "No."

"You so are. You're nervous too."

"Don't start."

The two women were still watching us carefully.

"Yes, she's dating the coach." Mel turned to give me a triumphant grin.

I saw their glances go immediately to Noah. I had no doubt they were wondering if he was some illegitimate child of their golden boy. "Let's go."

"Fine. Let's find seats."

We entered the bleachers and prepared to go all the way up to find two spots together. Noah could sit on my lap. We moved through the sea of red, and Noah held onto my shirt. I'm sure the crowds and the noise were a little much for him.

"Emily!" When I heard the female voice, I turned around. Molly smiled at me. She got up from her spot on the bleachers and walked over.

"Hi, Molly."

"You came! Jake's going to be so excited. Wait, is that Noah?"

I couldn't believe Jake had told her my son's name. "Yeah, this is Noah."

Molly leaned down and smiled at him. "It's nice to meet you, Noah." She looked back up and noticed Mel. "Hi, Melanie."

"Hi, Molly. It's been ages."

They hugged awkwardly.

"You should come sit with us. We've got plenty of room." I followed her line of sight and saw Ben sitting with another girl. She had brown hair and a huge smile.

I glanced at Mel and she shrugged, but she looked a little nervous. I figured she knew the girl.

Shifting Noah to my other arm, I followed Molly over.

"Hey, there." Ben smiled. He had the same smile as Jake. It was almost unnerving.

"Hi."

"Kelly, this is Emily, and do you guys remember Mel? She graduated a few years behind us."

"Of course!" The brunette, who must have been Kelly, grinned. "Is this your son?"

"Yes. This is Noah."

"You're so cute." She smiled at him.

"Hi." He waved before burying his face in my shirt.

"Jake's going to be so happy you guys came. He was afraid you wouldn't." Ben scooted over to give us more room to sit.

That was the second time in two minutes that I'd heard how much Jake wanted us there. "I told him I was coming."

"He was afraid you'd change your mind at the last minute."

"He didn't need to be. Emily is always true to her word." Mel touched my arm reassuringly. She knew how nervous I was.

Molly ran a hand through her hair. "Jake mentioned you went home last weekend. You're from up near Ashville?"

"I'm from Ridgeview."

"Really?" Kelly said excitedly. "My brother just graduated from college up there."

I was glad for a topic of conversation I could latch on to. "Yeah? That's cool. Did he like the town?"

"He did, but I think he's glad to be home."

"How is Cole?" Mel's face was blank, but her voice sounded really interested. It took a second for me to remember that Cole was the name of the guy from the club.

Kelly raised an eyebrow. She'd caught it too. "He's good. Somehow he ended up helping Jake with the team. Since he doesn't have a job yet, it's probably a good thing."

"Your brother's friends with Jake?" I asked. I assumed it was the same Cole, but it was the normal question to ask.

Kelly nodded. "Best friends."

"Wow, everyone's connected here, huh?"

Molly laughed. "Definitely. I bet Ridgeview doesn't seem nearly as small as Clayton Falls."

"No. It's practically a city."

Ben turned to us. "Was it cool to grow up in a college town?"

"Good and bad. I liked it, but the school kind of took over the town, you know?" I thought about the college parties and meeting Tim for the first time.

"I can see that."

Noah squirmed on my lap. People watching could only occupy him for so long. "What do you think of all this?" I asked him.

He smiled and pointed toward the field.

"It's going to start soon."

Mel pulled him onto her lap. "The dancers will be out soon. That's always fun."

Ben laughed. "Teaching him young, huh?"

Mel smiled and looked at me. "That was you in high school, right Em?"

"Yeah, I did dance team."

"I doubt your dance team had the same reputation they have here." Kelly bit her lip in an attempt to hide a smile.

"Oh, probably not that different."

"Oh." Molly looked shocked by my admission.

"That was a joke."

Mel shook her head. "No one gets your sense of humor."

"Jake does," I said it without thinking.

Ben smiled. "He has an interesting sense of humor himself."

Molly nudged Ben. "Interesting? Do you mean infuriating?"

"I take it you two aren't best friends." I was still dying to know what went down before Jake's accident.

"No. They fight all the time. It's usually quite entertaining." Kelly held open a bag of popcorn. "Can he have some?" She gestured to Noah.

I nodded. I appreciated her checking with me first. Popcorn was one of those things you had to be careful with in kids his age. "Yeah, it's fine."

Kelly leaned over and gave him some.

"But Jake's great." Molly must have suddenly remembered what I was doing at the game.

"I know." I still wanted more to the story, but hopefully he'd bring it up himself-that is if we spent more time together. I'd gone to the game, but I wasn't sure what was going to happen next.

As Mel predicted, the dance team took the field for a pre-game routine. It brought back a lot of memories. Austen used to make fun of me for it in high school. I used to hate when he teased me. Back then I really cared about what he thought. My brother had made fun of me too, but I expected it and I knew he never meant it. I think he was actually glad I was on the dance team. It meant I was always at his games.

I noticed Jake on the sidelines waiting for the game to start. He had his arms crossed and an incredibly serious expression on his face. He was looking down at his clipboard. The guy next to him, who I recognized as Cole, nudged him and pointed at me. I'd never met Cole, but he must have figured out who we were. Jake's serious expression immediately melted into a smile. He waved.

I waved back and Mel noticed. She leaned over to whisper in my ear, "He's still hot."

"Thanks, Mel. I needed that."

"It's true."

"It's still crazy to me that Jake's coaching. He looks so adult." Molly took a sip from a bottle of water.

"He seemed pretty nervous about it when I talked to him, but he looks right at home." I watched as Jake turned to talk to the team.

Mel leaned over to whisper again. "No checking out his ass with Noah here."

I pushed her arm. "Shut up."

"Although, he does look good..."

I knew she was only messing around to keep things light. She might have been talking about Jake, but her eyes were locked on Cole. They were both wearing red, collared shirts and khaki pants. It must have been the coaching uniform because two other men had them on too.

"Mama." Noah moved off Mel's lap and back to me. It was only a matter of time before he wanted to run around. I'd probably end up having to walk with him.

They did the pledge and the game began. The Mustangs started out on fire with two straight drives for touchdowns. The crowd loved it. Almost everyone was out of their seats cheering. The jeers when the other team scored a field goal were just as loud. Noah was having a ball. I don't think he'd ever heard grownups yell so much.

I enjoyed the game, but the best part was watching Jake. He got so animated about everything-good or bad. Watching him throw his clipboard after a call against them worried me a little, but I told myself that didn't mean he had an anger problem like Tim. It was normal. I wondered if I'd ever stop worrying about things like that. Probably not.

I was pulled from my negative thoughts when Noah successfully moved off my lap. "I better take him down to run off some energy."

"There's some grass just behind the bleachers. I'll come with you," Molly offered.

"Oh, thanks."

"Want me to come?" Mel tore her eyes from the game.

"No, it's okay. Enjoy the game." I didn't want to ruin her fun, and I figured it might be nice to talk to Molly anyway.

I picked Noah up, and we followed Molly down. She was right, there was some grass behind the bleachers. It was far enough away that we wouldn't be in anyone's way, but close enough that we could still hear the announcer and fans-not that it would have been hard. The cheering had only increased as the Mustangs scored another two touchdowns.

"I don't know how you do it." Molly took a seat on the grass when I'd finally tired Noah out enough that he'd sit.

"It's a lot of work, but fun too."

"I just can't imagine. I mean I'm scared to do it with Ben, I can't fathom how hard it is for you to take care of Noah alone."

The way she said it made it sound like having a child was a real possibility for her. Still, I needed to be careful. If she was trying and couldn't get pregnant, I didn't want to upset her. "Are you thinking of having kids sometime soon?"

"I'm almost four months pregnant." She smiled.

"Oh, wow. Congratulations."

"Thank you."

"When do you find out the gender? Next month?"

"We can, but I haven't decided if I want to."

"You're braver than me. I needed to know."

"Ben wants it to be a surprise. I might have to give in."

"That's so exciting. If you find out you're having a boy, I still have a lot of Noah's things."

"Really? That's so nice of you to offer."

Noah started to run away but I tackled him down. He burst into a fit of giggles.

Molly grinned. "How old is he?"

"He'll be two in November."

"What day?"

"The 16th."

"Really? November 16th?"

"Yeah, why?"

"That's Jake's birthday."

"Seriously?" That was pretty random.

"I guess it's a popular birthday."

"I guess so."

Molly started to say something but she was drowned out by cheering. "I take it we scored another touchdown."

"Sounds like it. Jake's going to be happy."

"I bet. Are you guys doing anything after?"

"He said something about ice cream." I stood up and dusted off some grass stuck to my jeans.

"This is his first time meeting Noah, isn't it?"

"Yeah." I sighed. I hoped it went well.

"Listen, Jake can sometimes say or do stupid things, but he is a good guy. He likes kids. Don't let any of his antics fool you."

"Thanks."

Molly walked back up to the bleachers just as Mel came down. Mel helped me keep Noah entertained long enough to wait for Jake. I knew it was going to be awhile, and I was starting to debate just going home. It was getting late and Noah was going to start getting cranky. As soon as I suggested it to Mel she shot it down.

"Don't start making excuses. You want this to work, so make it work."

"It's not just an excuse, it's late-"

I stopped when I saw Jake heading our way. He looked nervous, and somehow that made me feel better. I wasn't the only one.

"Hey." He stopped right in front of us like he didn't know what to do. He probably didn't.

Noah tugged on my leg for me to pick him up. I complied. "Hey, Jake. This is Noah."

"Hi, Noah." Jake took a step closer and smiled at him. Noah picked his head up off my chest and smiled back tentatively.

"Congratulations on the win." I belatedly remembered to say it.

He looked at me. "Thanks. I'm really glad you guys came. I thought you left before half-time, but then I realized Molly wasn't sitting there either so you probably went somewhere with her."

"Yeah. She helped me entertain Noah. He gets stir crazy."

"I don't blame him."

We stood awkwardly for a minute until Mel intervened. "Emily mentioned ice cream, are we going to Sweet Leaf?"

"Of course. Where else would we go?" Jake looked at Noah. "What do you say, do you want ice cream?"

Noah grinned.

"I'll take that as a yes."

Jake slipped his hand around mine as we headed toward the parking lot. It felt a lot more natural than I expected to be holding his hand with Noah in my arms.

***

"I didn't think you were actually going to take us for ice cream." I sat next to Noah in a booth, and Mel and Jake were across from us. Sweet Leaf was a really cute little shop that still served homemade ice cream. The boy serving us, who couldn't have been more than sixteen, made sure to tell me that all the toppings were homemade too.

"I told you I would."

I gave Noah another bite of the hot fudge sundae we were sharing. There had been at least ten flavors to choose from, but Noah pointed to vanilla. I didn't mind. Sometimes the simplest flavors were the best.

"So what did you think of your first Clayton Falls Mustangs game?" Jake licked some chocolate ice cream that was about to drip off his cone. He noticed me watching him and smiled.

"It was fun. I think Noah enjoyed it too. Didn't you?"

Noah was too busy with the ice cream to answer.

"Either way, he likes this." Jake gestured to the dish Noah was about to pull onto his lap. I grabbed it just in time.

"No question about that." I wiped Noah's face with a napkin. There was a little bit left in the dish, but he'd definitely had enough.

"Hey Noah, do you want to go for a walk?" Mel asked.

Noah nodded.

"Okay, let's go." She started to get up.

"You don't have to do that-"

Mel have me a 'don't bother arguing' look. "I want to. We'll be back in a bit."

I kissed Noah on the forehead. "Be good for Aunt Mel."

I watched them leave.

Jake waited until the bell jingled, signaling their departure, before talking. "He's a really cute kid."

"Thank you." I glanced over Jake's head at the picture of two little boys sharing a waffle cone. I wondered how old those boys were now.

"He seems really sweet."

I laughed. "That's because you haven't seen him when he doesn't nap. Wait another hour and you might get a preview."

"From what my mom tells me, I was quite the handful when I was little. He's probably like me."

I could imagine Jake being like that. "This was fun. Thanks for inviting us."

"Thanks for coming." He reached across the table and took my hand.

I took a deep breath and made myself speak. "Listen. I don't know if you were only doing this because you thought you had to, but I'm not expecting anything from you."

He squeezed my hand. "I've never done this before. I have no clue how it's going to work, but we'll figure it out."

"You mean you think dating a single mom might be complicated?"

He smiled. "Maybe a little when you combine it with the fact that I currently have no license."

"That's only for a year."

"True. A year isn't that long."

I balled up my napkin. "Where do we go from here?"

Jake flipped over my hand. He ran a finger over my palm. "You agree to another date with me."

"I will, but I have to make sure I can get a sitter."

"We'll figure it out, and a date can include Noah. I just want to know that I get to see you again."

"You can if you want to." I looked down at the table.

"Hey, look at me."

I listened and met his gaze.

He took my hand in both of his. "I want to see you. I definitely want to."

"All right."

"What's your schedule like? Are you off weekends now?"

"I'm starting on weekday day shifts. I'll work seven to seven four days a week, but I might pick up extra shifts here and there."

"How about next Saturday night?"

"As long as I find a sitter."

"I already told you that you don't have to worry. We'll work it out."

"Okay."

"Good."

Someone knocked on the window. Noah was making faces at us. "I think that's my cue."

"This was fun."

I picked up Noah's sippy cup and stuffed it into my bag. "Thanks for the ice cream."

"Anytime."

Jake dropped my hand long enough for us to slide out of the booth. He took it again as we walked toward the door. "Jake..."

"What? He's already seen us holding hands."

I smiled. "I know."

"Good." He kissed me on the cheek before bending down to Noah's height. "It was nice meeting you, Noah. Take care of your mommy for me."

Noah smiled shyly and backed up to grab my leg.

Jake stood back up. "Nice to see you again, Mel."

Mel smiled. "Same to you. I have a feeling I'll be seeing more of you."

"I hope so. I'll call you, Emily." Jake hugged me, careful to avoid knocking Noah over.

"I'll be waiting." I smiled as I buckled Noah in.

"Thanks for coming tonight." I hugged Mel.

"This was fun. We'll have to do it more often."

"Did it bring back high school memories?"

"Definitely."

I laughed. "All right, 'night Mel."

"Good night." She drove away.

I turned to get into my car and found Jake waiting. I expected him to be on his way home already. "What are you still doing here?"

"I was hoping for a good night kiss." There was something about the way he said it, the boyish charm that made me melt.

"So was I." I waited for the kiss I knew was coming.

The kiss was gentle, his lips only lightly brushing against mine, but it was still enough to give me goose bumps. I'd missed Jake more than I wanted to admit.

"Have a good night." He smiled, watching as I got in my car.

"You too."

He waved as I pulled away. I looked in my rearview mirror as I moved into the traffic circle, he was watching with a smile on his face that matched the one I wore.

I was still smiling when I settled into a bath that night. Noah went down easily, probably because he ran around so much at the game, and I decided to take advantage of it. I was just drying off when my phone rang. I always took it in with me in case my mom or Mel called. It wasn't either of them.

"When you said you'd call, I didn't think it would be tonight."

Jake laughed. "I guess I was eager. I miss you already."

"Yeah, I know the feeling."

"Is Noah sleeping?"

"Yes, and I just finished a bath."

"Wish I could have joined you."

"You and me both."

"I love your honesty, Em."

"Em? Since when do you call me that?" I brushed out my hair.

"That's what Mel calls you...would it bother you if I did?"

"No. I like it."

"Good. You can call me a nickname too."

"What's the nickname for Jake?"

"I'm sure you can come up with one."

I laughed. "All right, I'll think of something."

"I'm expecting a good one."

"Don't put any pressure on me or anything..."

"You don't do your best under pressure?" he asked.

He was spot on. "No. I prefer things relaxed."

"Me too. Do me a favor and think about me tonight. I'll be thinking about you."

He didn't need to say it. "Because that isn't a weird thing to ask..."

"If you don't want weird, you shouldn't be dating me."

"You are so not what I expected." I walked down the hall to my room.

"Is that good or bad?"

"Good. You're like that really good surprise gift. It's not the one you expect, or the one you asked for-but it's all the better because of that." I pulled an old t-shirt out of my dresser.

"I'm going to take that as a compliment."

"You should. I guess I say weird stuff too." I put the phone on speaker while I got dressed.

"Yes...but I like it."

"I bet I'm unexpected."

"I knew you were special, but you've kind of blown that idea out of the water."

"You're sweet."

"So are you, Em....and you're also incredibly sexy, and I want you so bad it hurts."

"On that note, good night, Jake."

"Hey, you can't run off on me like that."

"I'm not running. I'm hanging up."

"You're the one who told me you were getting out of the bath. That means you're in a towel. My thoughts are going to go there."

"In case you were wondering, I'm never having phone sex."

He laughed. It was a deep, melodic laugh. "Good to know. But now that I've had the real thing, I'm not going to settle for the phone."

"You're going to have to wait quite a while, you know..."

"Yeah, I figured. But you know what? I've made it twenty-three years without you. What's a few more days, or weeks. But please don't say months. That's going to be pushing it."

"I'll agree with you there." I sat down on my bed.

"Enjoy your quiet time."

"I will. Sweet dreams." I laid back against my pillows.

"Oh they'll be sweet."

"Good night, Jake."

"Night, Emmy."

"Emmy?" I rolled my eyes even though he couldn't see it.

"I'm just trying it out."

"All right. Good night."

Chapter Seventeen

Jake

"I have no clue how you got her to agree to go out with you, but I'm happy to hear it." Mom took a sip of her coffee.

"Gee, thanks for the vote of confidence."

"You know I didn't mean it that way. But you have to admit that most men would have a hard time getting a date in the condition you were in."

"I guess I'm not most men."

She laughed. "No, you definitely aren't. I still don't know where you get it. It's not from your father."

"Hmm?" Dad glanced up from his paper.

I took a bite of my bagel. I was having breakfast over at my parents' house on Saturday morning. Usually I resisted those sorts of family gatherings, but I knew my mom wanted information, and she'd get it whether I told her or not.

"I'm sorry we missed Emily at the game on Friday. I'd have loved to have seen her. I meant to send her a note to say thank you. She really helped make a terrible situation bearable." Mom started to tear up. I hated knowing it was my fault.

"Yeah. It's too bad you didn't see her." I decided to put her out of her misery. I could tell she was still full of questions. "Come on. Just ask me what you want to ask. Get it over with."

"Is there anything else about her you think I should know?"

"I'm guessing you're asking about Noah?"

"Noah? That's her son's name?"

I got up and poured myself more coffee from the pot. "Yes."

"Who's the dad?" She looked right at me. All evidence of the tears were gone-the interrogation had started. That's what I got for not telling her earlier. She must have heard about Noah from people in town who saw us after the game.

"He's dead, but I think he was from her hometown."

"Oh. That's horrible. That poor girl."

"Yeah, I don't think it's been an easy road."

"Does her family live nearby?"

"Nope. They're all in Ridgeview."

"Up there? I'm surprised she didn't move home." Mom took another sip of her coffee.

"Me too. I'm sure she has her reasons." I had so many questions for Emily, but I was going to wait until the right time to ask them.

"I'm guessing by the far off look on your face that you plan to see her again."

"Yeah, I definitely do. She's gotten under my skin in a way no one has before."

"I can tell; which is why I want to see her again too. Even though we spent so much time in the hospital together, I hardly know anything about her. You should really bring her and Noah by next time she's in town."

"She'll be here tonight. She's having trouble finding a sitter so I told her to bring Noah with her."

"I'll watch him." Mom got that excited look on her face.

"You don't even know him."

"So? Have them come over early so he can get to know me. I did raise two boys of my own, you know."

"Are you serious?"

"Yes! You know how much I love kids, and this way you two can have a proper date."

"I'll talk to Emily about it."

"Good."

***

"Are you sure your mom doesn't mind?" Emily asked for the third time. We were sitting around my place. I'd never cleaned so well in my life, but Mom warned me Noah would get into everything.

"Not at all. It was her idea. We should probably go over there now. That way Noah can get used to her with you there."

"That's really nice of her."

I shrugged. "It's just my mom." She might have been far too involved in my business, but my mom was always willing to help.

"All right. Do you want to go?"

"Sure."

Emily bent down. "Noah, it's time to go."

Noah looked up from playing with a toy car on the floor. He really was cute. He had longish, dark brown hair and really big, blue eyes.

"You know that we have the same haircut, bud."

Emily laughed. "Only because I haven't had time to cut it."

"Why would you cut it? The shaggy look is always in for little boys."

"So is looking neat and presentable."

"Are you trying to tell me I don't look presentable?" I pretended to be offended.

"No. I like your hair." She reached over and ran a hand through my hair.

"But your son needs his short?"

She smiled down at Noah. "At least trimmed."

I bent down to Noah's height. "Don't listen to her, Noah. She's going to cramp your style."

He laughed but I doubt he had any idea what I was saying.

"Can you watch him for a second? I want to run to the bathroom."

"Uh, sure." I figured I should be able to watch a kid for a minute.

"Be right back." I couldn't tell if she was talking to me or Noah.

"What kind of car do you have there?" I slid down onto the floor next to him. He handed me the blue car.

"Car."

"Yes, it doesn't really matter what kind it is as long as it works, right?"

He took the car back from me and rolled it around on the worn wood floor again. The car he was playing with didn't look too far off from what I had as a kid. I guess some things never change.

"All right, I'm ready," Emily called.

I turned around and my breath hitched. It always did when I saw her-especially with her hair all wavy like it was. She looked gorgeous.

"You ready, bud?" I wasn't sure why I started calling him that, but it kind of stuck.

Noah held his arms up to me.

Emily shook her head. "No, Noah. Jake doesn't have to hold you."

"I'll hold you." I bent down and scooped him up. He grinned.

"You don't have to do that." Emily reached for him.

"I want to." I carried Noah outside and waited while Emily unlocked her car.

I put him in his car seat. It only took me two tries to figure out the seatbelts. I hoped I'd get it on the first try the next time.

Emily just smiled and got into the driver's side. I hated that she was always the one who had to drive us everywhere. It's hard to make a girl think you can take care of her when you can't even pick her up. There was nothing I could do about it, so I'd have to find other ways to make up for it-even if I had to get creative.

"Where am I going?" She pulled out of the driveway.

"Turn here." I led her through the directions to my parents' house. It wasn't too far away, and Noah seemed perfectly content playing with his toys in the backseat.

Emily parked in their driveway and looked up at the house. "Wow, pretty."

I'd never really thought about it, but their house was nice. With a huge, wraparound porch on both levels, it kind of stood out. It was bigger than most of my friends' houses, and when you add in the pool house I'd spent a few years living in, it was pretty cool. "Thanks."

Mom had the door opened before I knocked. "Come in, come in."

Emily had gotten to Noah before me because his seat was on her side, but he had reached out for me as we walked up the front steps. I was holding him when Mom opened the door. She got a kick out of it. She didn't say it, but I could see it in her smile.

Emily held out her hand to Mom. "Hi, Mary. It's nice to see you again."

"It's wonderful to see you too. And this must be Noah."

Emily smiled. "That's him."

"He's precious." Mom patted his head.

"Thank you."

"I pulled out some of the boys' old toys." Mom led the way into the den. She wasn't kidding. There were all sorts of trucks, cars, and plastic dinosaurs on the carpet.

"You kept all of these?" I set Noah down. He went right over to a yellow dump truck.

"I knew we'd need them for grandchildren someday."

"You must be excited that Molly's pregnant." Emily smiled. From what I gathered, she and Molly had hit it off. They'd even been talking on the phone a little. I wasn't sure how I felt about it-but I knew it was probably a good thing.

"Very. It's still months away, but we can hardly wait."

"I bet. Are you hoping for a girl?"

Mom smiled. "It would be a nice change, but little boys are wonderful too." She nodded toward Noah. "Jake mentioned that Noah spent the summer with his grandparents."

Mom took a seat on the couch and gestured for Emily to sit next to her. I sat on a chair closer to Noah. He'd moved on from the truck and was currently pulling leaves off a plant.

Emily moved to stop him, but I took care of it. I tried to distract him with a T-Rex. It didn't work until I added in the sound effects. He got a kick out of that and ended up balled up on the floor laughing.

Emily looked at me, and I just shrugged. "What? I'm kind of an expert on dinosaurs."

She smiled and turned back to my mom. "Yes. I think he really liked it. It was nice that they got to spend more time with him, and I got to work some extra hours. But it was hard."

"I'm sure." Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Mom turn to Emily. "It's never easy to be away from your children."

They started talking about kids, and I tuned them out. Watching Noah took all my attention. He'd been pretty timid at my place, but the kid wouldn't stop now. He got up and ran into the kitchen. "I've got him," I called, assuming Emily would want to follow him.

I stopped him just as he started to climb into a chair. "I've got you." I picked him up and he leaned back. I figured out he wanted to be held upside down and swung. He made this high-pitched squeal so I assumed I was doing it right.

I heard my dad laugh and righted Noah.

"Is this Noah?" Dad asked. I guess Mom had told him his name.

"Yeah. He's a handful."

"A cute one though." Dad ruffled his hair.

"Is he okay, Jake?" Emily called.

"He's fine." I put Noah down and he immediately raced back into the den. Dad and I followed.

Emily stood up when we entered. "Hi, Mark."

"Hello, Emily. It's nice to see you again."

"Same to you." She shook his hand, but she had her eyes on Noah as he once again went after the plant. I decided to just move the plant onto the book case. Noah pouted for a second but then went back to the trucks.

"You have a cute little guy." Dad watched Noah with amusement.

"Thank you." Emily beamed at Noah.

"So when are you two heading out?" Dad turned to me.

"Oh...anytime I guess."

"Why don't you go? I promise he's in good hands." Mom smiled.

"Are you sure?" Emily asked. "I really don't want you to feel put out. He can be a lot of work."

"Of course. It will be fun. We're used to energetic little boys."

"Okay. I have diapers and wipes in this bag." She showed Mom where everything was. "And please call if you need me. Be good, sweetheart." She gave Noah a huge hug.

"We'll be fine. And don't rush back. We'll think you don't trust us if you do." Dad smiled. I could tell he liked Emily.

"So what's the plan?" she asked as I led her out to her car.

I leaned over her, pushing her against the car gently. "I show you what you've been missing."

"That's a good plan."

"I hoped you'd think so."

***

We went to dinner at a pizza place in the square. It wasn't anything fancy, but when I asked Emily what she was in the mood for, that's what she wanted. We ordered a large sausage and pepper pizza to share.

"This is nice." She looked around at the simple restaurant. "It's got a cozy feel."

"If you want cozy, we'll have to go to Marney's after this for coffee."

"Marney's?"

"It's a little coffee shop a few stores down from here. It's owned by this sweet old lady named Gail. You'll love it."

"Okay, sounds great."

Before my accident, I would have suggested we go to the local bar, Gill's, for a drink. It was still strange trying to get used to the idea that I didn't drink anymore. I knew no one would stop me if I did, but I was still having a hard time wrapping my head around the reality that I almost died. I wasn't stupid. I knew I had trouble with alcohol sometimes. I'd been a heavy drinker since high school, and it only got worse after I turned twenty-one and could get it legally.

"Did you have a part-time job in high school?" She pulled me out of my thoughts.

"I worked for my dad during off seasons. What brought up that question?"

She smiled. "My brother worked at a pizza place kind of like this."

"Oh yeah? Did he like it?"

"Not really, but it was a college hang-out and he made good tips especially his senior year when he looked older than he was."

I laughed. "Charming the college girls out of their money, huh?"

"Exactly. He played football too. You remind me a little of him."

"Yeah? Is that a good or bad thing?"

"Good." She took a bite of her pizza. "This is exactly what I was in the mood for."

"I'm glad."

"Would you mind calling your mom? I don't want to seem like the paranoid parent, but I'd love to check on Noah."

I smiled. "I'm sure he's fine, but I'll call."

I paid, and we walked outside. I called my parents, and they assured me they were having a great time. The squeals in the background confirmed it. Satisfied that Noah was in good hands, Emily walked with me over to Marney's cafe to meet Gail. I had a feeling the two would hit it off. Emily was smiling the moment we walked into the quaint shop. There was just something about that place that everyone loved.

"Hi, Jake." Gail greeted us from behind the counter. She looked exactly the same as she always did, a sweet old lady with long, silver-gray hair.

"Hey, Gail. You haven't met my girlfriend, Emily, yet, have you?"

Gail's eyes lit up as they moved to Emily. "No, I haven't had the pleasure yet. It's nice to meet you, Emily."

"Same to you. You have a lovely place here." Emily was looking around at all the photos on the wall. I'd have to tell her that Molly had taken them.

"Thank you. Can I get you two anything?"

"Two coffees and," I turned to Emily, "what kind of pie is your favorite?"

"Anything with fruit."

"How about peach?" Gail suggested.

"That's perfect."

Gail pulled out the peach pie from the display case. "One slice or two?"

Emily answered for us. "One, we can share."

I'm sure I could have eaten my own slice, but I liked the idea of sharing.

"Jake, why don't you go find a table." Gail wasn't really asking a question. I knew exactly what she was doing.

"Sure." I grinned and carried our pie over to an empty table. There was only one other couple in the whole place, so it wasn't hard to find one. I watched Emily break into a smile as she talked to Gail. I hoped Gail was putting in a good word for me.

A few minutes later, they both walked over with our coffees.

Gail patted me on the shoulder. "You've got the real deal here, Jake. Don't let her go."

I looked over my shoulder at her. "I don't plan on it."

Chapter Eighteen

Emily

After a few weeks, I was finally getting used to working days again. I preferred nights, loving the quieter feel of the hospital, but those shifts weren't possible with Noah at home. Mel had offered to take Noah one night a week so I could get an extra shift in, but I hated putting her out. She would never accept money from me, and she already did plenty of free babysitting.

When I first met Mel, I never expected her to be such a huge part of my life. She was the fast talking girl that wanted to be anywhere but in class. For some reason, she decided to befriend the pregnant girl. My mom came down for a few weeks to help when Noah was born, but she couldn't take too much time off. Tim's parents only came down to meet their grandson for a few hours before leaving. I pushed myself through those early weeks, telling myself Tim wouldn't have been any help anyway. A few months later, he was dead. I don't think I would have survived without Mel. She picked me up off the floor, helped take care of Noah, and reminded me that life went on. I owed her more than I could ever hope to repay.

I'd just settled into a movie with Mel when Jake called on a Thursday night. I was thrilled to be done working for the week, and picked up the second I saw his name flash across the screen. "Hey!"

"Hey yourself. You sound chipper." He sounded just as happy as I did.

"I'm just glad to be done with work for a few days."

"Usually you sound exhausted after work."

"Yeah, but Mel's here and we're about to watch a girly movie."

"Oh, I won't interrupt the fun for too long then. I don't have a game tomorrow night, and there's something cool going on in town. Want to come down with Noah?"

"Sure. What time?"

"I'm running a practice until five. Would you rather come before or after dinner?"

"Maybe after. The sitter told me Noah's been napping late all week, and then he wakes up really hungry."

"Okay, that works. Just try to get here before seven."

I laughed. "I think we can handle that. What's going on tomorrow night exactly?"

"It's a surprise. Have fun with Mel. I can't wait to see you tomorrow."

"Me either, I'm intrigued. Have a good night." I placed my phone down on the coffee table.

"Heading to Clayton Falls tomorrow?" Mel asked, adjusting a throw blanket on her lap.

"Yeah. Jake says something's going on in town, but it's a surprise."

"I thought you hated surprises." She ate a handful of popcorn.

"I do."

"You're really into him. Like seriously into him." She wasn't asking a question.

"Yeah, I am." If Mel only knew how hard I'd fallen. I could barely believe it myself.

***

"Are you guys ready for your surprise?" Jake picked Noah up and swung him around. It was fun watching them together. Jake seemed to be getting used to having a kid around, and Noah couldn't get enough of him.

"Sure. You've had us in suspense for an entire day." I slipped on a sweater and grabbed my bag.

"It's a good surprise, I promise." Jake carried Noah out to my car. I noticed he grabbed a few blankets on the way.

"Where am I heading?"

"Down toward the marina but then turn right."

I followed his instructions until we pulled into a large field that was currently filling up with cars. A giant screen was set up a ways down.

"Is this a drive in?"

"They just reopened it. Tonight's a special feature for kids."

"What movie?"

"Finding Nemo."

"Noah loves that movie." It really was an awesome surprise.

"Great. Let's grab some snacks and find a spot down front."

"Yeah, I doubt Noah could see anything from the car."

"If you want the real drive-in experience, we'll have to come back alone." He winked.

"I may take you up on that."

"May? I promise I'd make it fun."

Jake bought a huge tub of popcorn.

"Pop pop pop!" Noah bounced when he saw it. He'd been asking for it since Kelly gave him some at the football game.

"Let's hope he doesn't eat the whole container."

Jake handed a few kernels to Noah. "Don't worry. I'll be eating most of it."

I laughed. "You do that."

We found a good spot and laid out a couple of blankets. Noah's eyes lit up when the movie started. "Nemo!" He jumped up, and I had to pull him down into my lap so he wouldn't annoy the people behind us.

Jake leaned back on his elbows. "I guess he does love this movie."

"He does, and it's one we don't have."

"Really? I'll have to remember that."

Somewhere around half-way through the movie, Noah fell asleep. It was his bedtime, so I decided not to wake him up.

"Do you want to head home?" Jake asked, taking my hand.

"I probably should get him to bed."

"All right, let's go."

I pulled into his driveway. "This was a great surprise. Thanks for inviting us."

"I'm glad you liked it." He unbuckled his seatbelt and glanced behind him. Noah was still sound asleep. "I had a great time. I just wish we didn't have to say good night."

"I know... me either."

"Not to push you in any way, but do you think you'd ever be comfortable having me stay over with Noah at home?"

I knew my answer. "Yes. Maybe not quite yet, but sometime."

"Good. I can't wait." He leaned over and kissed me gently. "Can I see you tomorrow night?"

"Yes, but it's kind of late notice for a sitter."

"My mom's been bugging me to watch Noah again..."

"All right, if you're sure. When should we come down?"

"Let's do dinner."

"Perfect." I leaned over to kiss him. "Sleep well."

"I will." He waved as he got out.

I was falling hard.

Chapter Nineteen

Emily

I got lost in Jake's arms. It wasn't a bad sort of lost, but a good one. I didn't forget about the rest of my life, but I could escape the stresses that usually kept me wound up too tight.

We'd dropped Noah off with Jake's parents, and I wasn't so nervous leaving Noah this time. He'd had a ball the first time, and I could tell Mary enjoyed having a kid around. I also got the feeling she wanted things to work out with Jake and I. My biggest concern with leaving Noah was that he'd be a trouble maker and leave a bad impression. He was such a good kid, but I think most boys that age are rambunctious.

"Would you want to go somewhere to look at the stars?" We'd picked up sandwiches, and were curled up on Jake's couch after finishing dinner.

"Wow, I haven't gone stargazing in years." I did it all the time growing up. My brother and I would lie out in the backyard and watch the sky for hours. Somehow I knew it would be different with Jake.

Jake ran a finger across my cheek. "Then we definitely should."

I looked at my wrist-realizing I'd forgotten my watch at home. "What time is it? I don't want to leave Noah too much longer."

"He's fine. My parents would call if there was a problem."

"Let me call and check on him at least." I started to pull out my phone but Jake touched my hand to stop me.

"How about we wait and call when we get there. I bet you're going to want to check the reception."

I froze. "Why would I worry about reception? Where are we going?"

"You'll see."

"Jake. I don't want to go too far."

"We won't. I promise. And I know we'll get reception. But I bet you'll still worry."

"It's called being a mom. We worry."

"And I get that. I completely get that." He kissed me gently.

"All right, let's go. I guess I'm driving so I can turn around anytime."

He shook his head. "Whatever gets you moving."

When we pulled into the marina I was a little skeptical. "Are we getting on a boat?"

"Yeah. There's no better place to take in the stars than out on the water."

"Maybe this is a dumb question, but can you operate a boat if you don't have a license?" I wasn't sure of the specific laws, but the last thing Jake needed was more legal trouble.

He shrugged. "I've taken all my exams. I'm clearly sober. I think we're good."

"All right. But I'm checking reception." I pulled out my phone. I had four bars.

He laughed. "I knew you would."

***

It was a beautiful night out, slightly cool, but still comfortable. The only sound was my flip flops slapping against the wood of the dock. Jake stopped in front of one of the smaller boats at the marina. "This one's mine."

I glanced around. I didn't know anything about boats, so I had no idea what any of them were. "Are a lot of these your dad's?"

"Most of them, but other people keep theirs here too." He took my hand and helped me on board. I took a seat. Jake jumped on behind me, sitting down and starting the engine. I enjoyed the short ride, waiting to see where he stopped.

"Perfect," he said to himself, before pulling out a blanket and laying it on the floor. I had a feeling he left a blanket there for exactly this purpose. He moved to lie down, and took my hand to get me to follow. I situated myself next to him, and looked up. The only light came from the stars and moon. There couldn't have been a more romantic atmosphere.

"It's beautiful." I couldn't take my eyes off the stars. There were so many.

"I know." Jake turned to smile at me. "It's so peaceful."

"Thanks for bringing me out here." I shifted slightly on the blanket.

"My pleasure. I love doing this at night."

"Do you come out by yourself?"

"Yeah, it's relaxing. Of course, it's much more enjoyable with your company."

He ran his fingers over my arm, always tracing the same pattern. It took me a minute to figure out what he was writing.

"Jake's. You're writing Jake's on my arm, aren't you?"

He gave me a mischievous smile. "Maybe."

"Marking ownership?" I always got nervous with things like that.

He leaned over me slightly. "No. I don't need to own you. But I can still write my name on you."

"Don't need to? That's a funny way of putting it."

"How else would I put it? I'm not one of those guys that has to get all alpha male and claim a girl, but I still feel protective and possessive of you. It's just natural."

"It's natural to be possessive?"

"Of course. You feel that way about me too." He looked right at me.

"I am not possessive of you."

"You're not?" He ran his fingers through my hair. "Then why did you ask if I came out here alone? You wanted to make sure I don't bring other girls out."

I tried to look away but he caught my chin. "Don't be embarrassed. I told you it's natural. It's human nature to want to keep what's yours."

"I've never thought about it that way."

"Maybe you've never been with anyone you've wanted to keep before? I know I haven't."

I reached out and touched his cheek. "Maybe." There was something refreshing about Jake's honesty and the way he saw the world. It was simple, but complicated all at the same time. We hadn't talked about Tim much, but I think Jake sensed that relationship had been different, built out of a need rather than desire.

He laced his fingers with mine. "I've never met anyone like you before. I've never been with a girl I couldn't get enough of. You make my heart race, you make me feel out of control, and I love every second of it."

"Sometimes you make me feel out of control, but mostly you make me feel perfect."

"Perfect? Really?" He pushed one of my dress straps off my shoulder slightly.

"Yeah."

"Mm, good." He kissed my shoulder. I never thought a kiss there could feel so intimate, but it did. He leaned over me, moving my other strap in the same way. He kissed that shoulder too.

He was still leaning over me, and I slipped a hand under his t-shirt. His skin felt warm.

He took it as an invitation to remove his shirt. I didn't mind the view or the easier access. I ran my hands over the muscular planes of his chest while he watched me.

He smiled contentedly. "No one's ever touched me with such care before."

"Really?" I started tracing a pattern of my own across his chest.

"Really. And I like having your name on me."

"That didn't take long."

"No, it didn't." His lips met mine gently.

"You have really good lips."

"So do you." He ran a finger over my bottom lip and then the top. It was another touch that sent a thrill through me unexpectedly. I loved how Jake touched all of me. "I still don't know what my favorite part of you is."

I continued exploring his chest. "I know what mine is. Well, there's a tie."

He moved to lie on his side. "What parts?"

"Your eyes and your hands."

"Is there an explanation that goes along with that?" Adjusting the strap again, he kissed my shoulder before moving his lips in a line to my neck.

"Although, right now your lips might be winning."

He laughed. "Why my eyes?"

"They're so expressive. They tell me everything you're thinking and feeling." I reached out to stroke his cheek again. "At least, I think they do."

"If they're telling you how crazy I am about you and how much I want you, then you're right."

"They are."

"Why my hands?" He ran a hand over my chest above my br**sts, slowly edging closer to the top of my dress.

"They're so strong, and they always know where they need to be."

He chuckled. "I get the strong part, but I don't know if my hands have a mind of their own."

"Then I guess my favorite part of you, is just you."

"That's my answer for my favorite part. I can't pick just one. I love your eyes." He kissed my eyelid. I moaned. It felt incredible.

"I love your lips." He kissed me gently. "I love your hair." He ran his fingers through it again. "I love your neck." He kissed it softly, moving down toward my chest.

"I love your br**sts, but you have to expect that one." He slipped two fingers right underneath the top of my dress so that they brushed against the skin exposed by my bra.

"I love your legs." He used his other hand to run up one leg, and I hoped he wouldn't stop at my knee. He didn't.

"Your stomach." He slipped his hand under my dress and stroked my stomach.

"I love your hands, especially when they're on me." He moved one of his hands so he could put my hand on his chest.

"I love every single part of you. It's like you were tailor made to be mine." He paused and a slight smile crossed his lips. "Although that makes me sound kind of possessive again, huh?"

"No. Just sweet."

"Good." The hand underneath my dress moved down to my panties. He slipped a finger underneath the elastic. "I need to see and touch every inch of you."

"Out here?" I leaned up on my elbows to see over the side of the boat. We were surrounded by nothing but water and darkness. It was silent, with just a faint breeze further cooling down the evening.

"Who's going to see?"

"People. You don't own this bay." It might have been quiet, but that could change at any moment.

"All right." He moved away, and I felt his absence everywhere.

"Would this help?" He returned with another blanket and draped it over us.

"Yes, that helps." I wanted the coverage as well as some warmth.

"Good." He didn't waste any time before pulling my dress over my head.

I reached out and unbuttoned his shorts.

"I'm glad to see you want to get into my pants as much as I want to get into yours."

"I'm not wearing pants."

"No, no you're not." He grinned. "So are my eyes, hands, and lips the only parts of me you like?" He shifted out of his shorts, and we were left just in our underwear.

"No. Not at all."

"What other parts?" He kissed my neck again.

"I love your chest." I reached to touch it. "Your hair, your arms. I love your arms, especially being in them."

He moved to cradle me in his arms. "I'm pretty sure you belong there."

"I'm more than pretty sure."

He smiled. "I love this confidence, Em."

"You bring out that side in me."

"I'm glad." He reached around and unclasped my bra. I wasn't expecting it, nor was I expecting his mouth to claim my right breast so quickly. "Are there any other parts you like?"

"Can I just show you instead?"

"Showing is always an option."

I reached into his boxer shorts, determined to show him the confidence we'd just discussed.

He groaned. "I'm glad you like that part."

"Like my br**sts, I think it was expected."

"There's nothing wrong with expected." He grabbed my hand to move it away. "But I also want this to last."

He moved his mouth to my left breast and let his hand glide down my stomach. He didn't stop at my panties, pushing them off quickly. He moved his mouth. "Now I get to see all of you." He ducked his head under the blanket.

I laughed. "It's kind of dark, isn't it?"

"I can see with more than my eyes."

One of his hands slid between my legs, while he returned his lips to mine.

I pushed his lips away. "Jake Mathews, you're going to be the end of me."

"The only thing I'm the end of is your dating history. I'm the last one, because I'm never letting you go."

"I don't want you to."

"It's nice when two people can agree."

I couldn't respond. The only thing coming out of my mouth was a moan.

He looked me right in the eye. "I love you, Emily."

The words surprised me. We'd talked about loving each other's bodies, but this was different. Even surprised, I knew how to answer. "I love you, Jake."

"Yeah? Good." He reached for his shorts and pulled out his wallet. I let out a sigh of relief when I saw him going for a condom.

"I'm guessing you're on birth control, but you can never be too safe, right?"

I nodded.

He smiled before positioning himself over me. "It looks like I didn't have to wait too long."

"Thank god."

He laughed before doing exactly what he'd promised a few weeks before-reminding me of what I'd been missing.

I'd never experienced anything like it. We moved together perfectly as I watched the stars above us. I'd never get enough of Jake, and I hoped he'd never get enough of me.

Chapter Twenty

Jake

I didn't miss alcohol when I was with Emily. I didn't miss the taste, I didn't miss the way it dulled my senses. I didn't need it. Nothing tasted better than her, and the last thing I wanted was my senses dulled. I wanted to feel, see, and experience everything about her. And I don't just mean with sex. The sex was great-incredible, but it was so much more than that. I had the team and my friends, but I lived for the time I got to spend with her and Noah. If I was being honest with myself, I was falling for him too.

"You have to let me take him trick or treating. You can't deprive him of the joys of Halloween just because you have to work." I took a bite of my pizza, enjoying our usual Sunday night tradition. In the beginning, we only saw each other once or twice a week, but before long it became a whole weekend thing. We only had Friday night games, so I'd go back to her place afterward. I always stayed through Monday morning. I was right about my father loving Emily, so he had no issues with me getting in late those days. I owed my friends and family big time for driving me to Wilmington so often, but it was worth it. With my limited license, I could drive to work and school if I didn't want to walk. At least I didn't have to get Molly involved in that anymore.

"He's not even two years old. He doesn't know what trick or treating is." Emily ate Noah's crust. She refused to waste it.

"Okay, so I want to go trick or treating too."

She laughed. "Now the truth comes out."

"I won't take him out long, just in my parents' neighborhood."

"It sounds great in theory, but by the time I get there Noah already needs to be in bed."

"You can both stay over. Or if you want a break, just let me keep him for the night."

"Where's he going to sleep? He's in a bed, but he needs a rail."

I smiled. I'd been meaning to keep it a secret, but I decided to let the cat out of the bag. "I set up one of those toddler beds in my extra bedroom-you know the one that looks like a race car. I thought it might be nice if you guys could start staying over with me sometimes..." Staying at her place was fine, but I wanted her in my bed too.

"You set up a room for Noah?" Her eyes widened in surprise. I hoped it was the good kind.

"Yeah. I mean we've been together two months now, it makes sense."

"You make it sound like two years."

I didn't like the way she avoided my eyes when she said it. "What's that supposed to mean? Two months is a record for me."

"Please tell me that's a joke."

"You know it isn't. You know you're the first girl I've been serious with."

"Serious? You think we're serious?"

"Aren't we?"

She looked away again.

"Emily, answer me."

She looked at Noah who was playing on the floor. She lowered her voice. "He's getting attached to you."

"And I'm getting attached to him. What's the problem?" I wanted to stay calm, but I didn't like where the conversation was heading.

"What happens when you decide you're tired of us? When you decide you want a girlfriend without all of this?" She gestured to her and Noah with her hand.

"Is that what you're worried about? That I'm going to suddenly wake up one day and break up with you?"

"It's Noah I'm worried about. Maybe he's spending too much time with you." She got up from the table and started collecting our plates.

"Hey, Noah, can you give your mom and I a minute?" I knew we couldn't leave him unsupervised but he'd be fine if we stepped into the kitchen.

She placed the dishes in the sink.

"He's not spending too much time with me. You're not either." I braced myself on the counter behind me.

She crossed her arms. "How do you know that?"

"Because I can't get enough of either of you, and no matter what you do, the damage is done. Noah and I like each other and that's not going to change."

"But what if you do get tired of us?" Once the tears started spilling down her face, I thought I was going to break in two.

"I can't see the future, Emily, but I know that I'm not going anywhere. I love the man I am around you and Noah. I love the way you make me feel, and I love both of you. Why would I ever give that up?"

"Right now, we're convenient."

"Convenient?" I had to keep my anger reined in. If I got mad, Emily would get mad and it would be even worse.

"I don't mean physically. Obviously, it's hard to see each other. But be honest with yourself. Would you be with me if you had a car and could date other girls?"

"What?"

"I just mean, do you think it's a coincidence that you finally decide to have a serious relationship when you can't just pick up girls all the time?" She looked away again.

I grabbed her hand a little more roughly than I normally would, but she had to stop looking away. "No. It isn't a coincidence. It's because I finally met someone worth spending more time with. I don't get it. What am I supposed to do to convince you that my feelings for you are real? Because if you have an answer, I'd really appreciate it right now."

"I don't know." Her light tears turned into sobbing and I pulled her into my arms.

"What aren't you telling me? This can't be just because you're afraid of me leaving." I ran my hands over her back. I'd never seen her so upset before.

"I can't talk about it now." She didn't need to say it was because of Noah.

"After he goes to bed?"

"Okay."

To say the next few hours were torture is an understatement. Emily pulled it together enough to fool Noah, but I could tell she was breaking apart inside. All I wanted to do was make it better, but I understood she needed to keep some things from Noah.

Finally it was seven-thirty, and we put him to bed. I picked the book that night-Goodnight Construction Site.

"Again." He pointed to the book once I closed it.

Emily shook her head. "No, baby. It's bedtime."

His bottom lip fell down, and he got that heartbreaking expression just before he started to wail.

"Come on, buddy. We'll read it in the morning." I pulled his blanket up.

"Sleep well, sweetheart." Emily bent over and kissed his forehead.

I patted his legs through the blanket. "Night, buddy."

He smiled. Just as we got ready to close the door, I remembered his night light. I was starting to get the whole bedtime routine thing down.

Emily changed into sweat pants to get more comfortable as I waited impatiently on the couch. I held open my arms as she came back into the room. "Come here."

She went right into my arms and put her head on my chest.

I brushed her hair back from her face. "Are you ready to talk?"

"Yeah." She didn't pick up her head, and I was glad. If she wanted to be close, it meant the problem wasn't me.

"I'm scared."

"I can tell, but what are you scared of? You can't be scared of me."

"No, of course not." She pressed the palm of her hand right over my heart. "I already told you a little bit about Tim."

"Noah's dad."

"Yes." She picked her head up and shifted away from me slightly. I didn't like the distance between us, but maybe she needed it.

"I met him my senior year of high school. My friends and I went to a college party near the Ridgeview campus. He was older, and I thought he was everything I needed in a guy. I didn't hook up with him that night or anything, but I gave him my number and he called the next day. I knew my parents would kill me for dating a guy in college, so I hid it from them. I dated Tim behind their back for months." She paused like she was lost in thought.

"He made me feel good, special. I couldn't believe he'd want to be with me when he could be with so many other girls. He pulled me out of my shell, got me to try new things. I knew he had anger issues, he'd get into fights a lot, but he was always so gentle with me. The one exception was when he broke my best guy friend's nose because he drove me home from a party. I broke up with Tim for that, or I tried. I changed my mind when Tim broke down, telling me I was the only good thing in his life and that he needed me. I think I liked that. I wanted to be needed."

Emily sounded so distant as she talked, like she was telling someone else's story. I wondered if that was how it felt to her.

"He disappeared for a few days. When he suddenly reappeared, he told me he had to leave for basic training. That's when I found out he'd gotten into some huge bar fight and instead of doing time, he had the option of enlisting in the Army. I thought we were over when he left, even though he insisted he wanted to make it work. I liked him a lot-maybe loved him, but I was okay with us moving apart. I just wanted to enjoy senior year, and the summer before starting nursing school. Things didn't turn out that way."

"That's when you found out you were pregnant." It was the first time I spoke. I knew what was coming.

"Yeah. I freaked out. How could I tell my parents about it when they didn't even know I was dating anyone? After talking with my friends, I decided to write Tim a letter. I expected him to flip out. Instead, he came home from training with a ring. He acted like the pregnancy was the best news ever. It was like an answer to my prayers, I wasn't going to be a single mom. The only catch was that Tim was stationed in Wilmington and we'd have to move."

She stopped to take a drink of water. "We told my parents and, of course, they didn't take it well. My dad told me I was making a huge mistake. He told me not to marry Tim. That I should stay home and let them help. I thought the best place for a baby was with both parents. My dad said Tim was trouble-but I didn't listen.

"I started nursing school, and Tim was deployed to Afghanistan. Noah was born while he was away. A few months later, Tim was gone." She wiped a tear off her face. I pulled her into my arms.

"I was devastated, but I knew I'd get through it. I had Mel, and Noah was a pretty easy baby. But then everything came crashing down. Out of nowhere, these guys showed up telling me that Tim owed them money. Lots of money. Even the death benefit from the Army couldn't cover it."

"What?" I stiffened. This was a part of the story I wasn't expecting.

"I explained I didn't know about the debts, but they made it clear that paying them was the best option." She shivered. I wanted to kill the bastards for threatening her.

"I didn't have the money. I had virtually no savings, and was already taking out loans for school and childcare. I turned to one of my brother's friends that I knew could help. I knew this friend wouldn't tell my parents. I refused to let my dad know he was right, and bringing Tim's parents into it was out of the question. They would have blamed it on me."

"Do you still owe this friend money?" I brushed some hair off her face. Her cheeks were damp. I just wanted to make everything better.

"Eight thousand." She looked down.

"How much was the debt?"

"Over a hundred thousand. The money we got from the government covered most of it, but I had to borrow the rest."

I tried to contain my anger. Her husband left her with over a hundred grand in gambling debts? "That's why you worked so much this summer, isn't it?"

She nodded. "I never should have married Tim. I should have listened to my parents. In a way, this was all my fault."

"Stop." I put a finger to her lips. "It's not your fault."

"It doesn't matter either way. I just wish I had the money to go back to school."

"This friend you borrowed money from, is it a guy?" I couldn't help but ask.

"Yes. But it's not like that."

"What's his name?" I didn't want any more surprises. I also knew I'd find a way to pay it off. I wasn't going to let her feel in debt to anyone.

"Austen."

"Does he live in Ridgeview?"

"Yes."

I stroked her back. "Does he know you're with me?"

"No, but what does that matter?"

"What if he's trying to take advantage of you, Em?" I didn't want to hurt her, but she could be really naive and way too trusting. She probably shouldn't have trusted me.

"He's a good guy. I saw him when I was home. He told me he was interested, but backed off immediately when he realized I was interested in someone else."

"Okay. I'm glad you're telling me all this. I need to know about it." I was also thrilled she'd picked me over her brother's friend.

"I wanted to tell you sooner, but I didn't want you to look down on me."

"Look down on you? Me? Like I could look down on anyone?" I couldn't believe she'd worry about that.

"You did something stupid and reckless, but it was one time." She gripped my shirt in her hand like her life depended on it.

"You think that's the only stupid thing I've done?"

"It isn't?" She looked up at me. Her face was swollen from crying and all I wanted to do was make it better. Maybe showing her my skeletons would help.

"I played college football for one season."

She wiped her eyes. "Really? Where?"

"Georgia. Everyone told me to go to UNC, but I wanted SEC, you know?"

"You wanted a more competitive team."

"Yeah. But, of course that meant I got no playing time. I couldn't deal, so I drank my anger away."

"Did you get kicked off the team?" She put her head back down against me.

"Uh huh and that was it for college for me. I came home and suddenly I didn't want to be the hero anymore. What did it matter if we won state when I was in high school if I couldn't even hack it in college football?"

She reached over and stroked my cheek. I leaned into her hand. "And the night of the accident, it wasn't random. I got shit drunk because a girl I used to hook up with decided to tell Ben and Molly about some awful crap I pulled in high school."

"What did you do?" Her voice was soft.

"I tried to get Ben to cheat on Molly to break them up."

"Why?" She ran her hands over my t-shirt like she was trying to flatten it out after balling it up so tight.

"Because I was jealous. Pathetic, huh?"

"Not pathetic. Sad, but not pathetic. Did it work?" There was no accusation in her voice, only curiosity.

"Not at all, but a stupid picture I sent was part of why she left town for college."

"But they're together now. Isn't that what matters?" She traced a pattern on my hand. It was her name again.

"I still did it."

She took my face in her hands. "That's how I can tell you're a good man. You care. You really care about it. I think that's more important than the fact that you did it in the first place."

"And you say you're not an optimist?"

She leaned her head on my shoulder. "It looks like we're two peas in a pod."

"How do you figure?"

"We're both broken people looking for a safe place to land. Maybe this time we've actually found solid ground."

I squeezed her hand. "We have."

"You can take Noah trick or treating."

I laughed. "I almost forgot that's where this all began."

"I didn't forget. It all started with me getting scared because you mentioned us being serious."

"You don't ever have to be scared with me." I pulled her further onto my lap. I needed her closer.

"That's impossible. It's scary to jump into what we're doing."

"View it as exciting, not scary. That's how I see it." I pushed her sweater off her shoulders, leaving her in just a tank top. I wanted to feel her skin.

"I'll try."

"Are you ready for bed?"

"I'm ready to go curl up with you."

"Me too." I helped her up, and we moved into her bedroom. If it was possible, I felt even closer to her. I watched her undress, amazed yet again by how beautiful her body was. I was glad she didn't try to hide herself from me.

She caught me staring. "What?"

"I'm just admiring the view."

"Very funny." She pulled a t-shirt over her head.

"It's not supposed to be a joke."

"I know." She joined me on the bed. "I'm glad you're here."

"Me too. There's nowhere else I'd rather be."

Chapter Twenty-One

Jake

"What time does Noah get here?" Cole sat on the couch guzzling down a Coke.

"Mel's supposed to bring him by around five."

"Then why'd you cancel practice? You could have at least made them run through some plays."

I grabbed my own Coke. "It's Halloween. It should be a national holiday."

Cole laughed. "Dude, you've always been obsessed with Halloween."

"I know. I finally have an excuse to celebrate it again."

"You've really grown to like the kid, huh?" He put his feet up on the ottoman.

"Yeah. Noah's my little buddy."

"But what happens if Emily decides she's done with you? You'll lose both of them. Doesn't that worry you?"

"Decides she's done with me?"

"I'm just telling you, man. You have to protect yourself."

"What did that girl do to you? Not every girl is going to suddenly decide they want to experiment." I couldn't resist giving him a hard time. Cole had been dumped by his long term college girlfriend when she decided to date her roommate instead. He didn't take it well.

"Shut the f**k up, Mathews. At least I'm not playing house."

"Playing house?" I crushed my empty can.

"You have to realize that's what's going on. You like pretending to have a family, but you don't. At the end of the day, the kid's not yours and you don't have any responsibility."

"Bullshit. I'm not playing at anything. I spend every second I can with them. I help take care of Noah."

"Yeah? You spend your weekends with them, but when you get home on Monday are you worried about daycare, or whether he's sick?"

"What's your point, Cole?" Cole was always a worrier, but he didn't usually include me in his neuroticism.

"My point is that what you have can't last forever. Either you're going to actually become a family or you're going to say goodbye. I don't want to deal with you if you're the one who gets hurt."

"Hurt?"

"Yeah. You don't have responsibility but you also have no rights. If she doesn't want you seeing him, you don't."

I was getting mad, really mad. "Where the hell is all this coming from?"

"I'm just looking out for you. She's a great girl, but don't lose sight of reality."

"If you're done, you can go home."

"No, thanks."

"What? You want to watch me 'play house?'"

"No, I have my reasons." He walked into the kitchen and helped himself to a bag of chips.

"Mel?" I finally put two and two together. I knew I recognized her from somewhere more than passing her in the halls during high school. "She's the girl you hooked up with after homecoming senior year, isn't she?"

He nodded. "Yeah. Still the best I ever had."

I laughed. "You're seriously freaking me out. First you're worried about my wellbeing and now you're getting nostalgic about a high school hook-up."

He shrugged. "I'm supporting you with this whole kid thing. You could at least help me out."

Supporting me? Was that what he called it? "Fine. Stay."

"I was going to anyway." He sat back down on the couch.

***

"A pumpkin? She dressed him up as a pumpkin?" I couldn't believe my eyes when Mel came to the door with Noah dressed in a puffy orange costume.

"What's wrong? He looks adorable." Mel walked right in like she owned the place. I was beginning to see that was just her personality.

"Emily told me she had the costume taken care of. I thought that meant a dinosaur or a monster or something."

"Don't listen to the big meanie, Noah. You look great." Mel put Noah down. He immediately ran into the den to find the toys I always left out for him.

"Don't worry, buddy, I'll pick out your costume next year," I called after him.

"Hey, Mel." Cole got off the couch.

"Hey."

There was some serious awkwardness between those two. Normally I'd have said something to help, but I had more important things to do.

"All right, Noah. Let's get this show on the road."

Mel decided to drive all of us, so I sat in the back with Noah. It was a different car seat than Emily had, so Mel must have had her own. I knew they were close friends, but that seemed above and beyond. Mel was a lot cooler than I'd given her credit for.

We showed up at my parents' house, and Mom was already waiting. Some moms get really into Christmas, but my mom was the Halloween type. I think that's what made me love the holiday so much.

"Now look at that adorable pumpkin!" She scooped Noah up and carried him inside. Noah grinned at her, immediately reaching for one of her dangling witch earrings.

The rest of us followed.

Mom suddenly noticed Mel. "Hi. You're Melanie, right?"

"Yes. It's nice to see you, Mrs. Mathews."

"It's Mary." Mom smiled. "It's nice to see you too. It's too bad Emily had to work this evening, but it was so nice of you to bring Noah up." Mom set Noah down in a booster seat with some orange Play-Doh. My mom had been adamant about buying one. She claimed she'd need the seat for Ben's baby eventually.

I laughed. "We all know she's really here as Emily's spy to make sure I don't give Noah too much candy."

Mom pulled some pizzas from the oven. "Since you're the one responsible for putting him to bed tonight, I'd hope you'd be careful about that anyway."

"Sure. Sure." I was hoping Emily would magically get out early to help. I knew I could put him down, but I didn't deal well when he cried.

"Are those pumpkin shaped pizzas?" Mel walked over to Mom.

"Uh huh. We always make them for Halloween."

"Em would love this. She's so into making special foods for the holidays."

Mom smiled. "Emily and I seem to have a lot in common." I was glad they got along. Mom was willing to bend over backwards to help me out if it was for a girl she approved of.

Once the pizza cooled, we dug in, but not before Mom took off Noah's costume. That would have been my first screw up of the night. He would have been a pumpkin covered in red sauce.

***

Mom must have told the neighbors to expect Noah. They all oohed and ahhed over him, and some even had special little bags set aside with his name on it. Noah kept trying to eat the candy, but I made him wait. If I didn't, Mel probably would have killed me.

By the time we finished the block, Noah was exhausted, and I ended up carrying him back to my parents' house. I let him choose two pieces of candy, and he happily ate a pack of MandMs and a mini Milky Way. He grabbed for a Snickers, so I went to stop him, but he was really just trying to give it to me. "Thanks, bud." I ate it, and he grinned.

***

Mel dropped Noah and me off, and I left her standing outside with Cole. The two of them attempted awkward conversation all night, so I figured I'd let them have more of it.

I finally got Noah to bed around 7:45. That was only after reading him five books and getting him water. When I heard his breathing even out, I sighed with relief. Emily would be there soon, and I needed to show her I could handle him alone. I tried not to let Cole get to me, but I couldn't help but worry that she saw it as the same thing.

I double checked the freezer again to make sure I had the right ice cream. It was the first time Emily was staying the night since Noah came back. I wanted her to feel at home. It probably seemed desperate, but stocking the kitchen with her favorite foods seemed like a good idea.

I'd just settled down in front of the TV when I heard Noah crying. I opened his door and he was sitting up in bed.

I sat down next to him. The nice thing about the bed at my place was that you didn't need a rail or anything because it was so low to the ground. "You okay, buddy?"

"Dada." I froze. Had he just called me what I thought he had? Noah really didn't talk much yet. Maybe it was just the sounds.

He crawled into my lap, and I held him until he fell back to sleep. I tucked him in and closed the door to his room.

I knew that chances were it was just a sound, but what if it wasn't? What if he was starting to consider me his dad? I'd only known him two months, but maybe that was a long time for a two-year-old.

I was still thinking about it when Emily came in twenty minutes later. I kissed her, loving that she was coming home to me like that.

"Sorry I'm late. I got a last minute admission." She was wearing jeans and a t-shirt. She must have changed at the hospital before leaving. "You said on the phone he had fun. Did he go down easily?"

"Yeah, pretty much."

"Pretty much? Did he give you a hard time?" She glanced at the closed door to his room.

"He woke up once, but I got him back down."

"Thank you." She leaned up and kissed me. "I know I said it didn't matter, but I'm glad he got to do something fun on Halloween."

"We had a good time."

"I'm not surprised. He's so crazy about you."

"Does he think of me as his dad?" The words left my mouth without thinking.

She startled. "Why would you ask that?"

"He called me dada."

"Oh. I've always called you Jake to him..."

"I know that. It just surprised me."

"Surprised you in that it freaked you out?"

"No." I answered honestly. "It just surprised me."

"Well, maybe he was just babbling, or maybe he heard someone refer to you in that way."

"Or maybe he thinks it..."

She searched my face. I could tell that she was trying to figure out where I was going with the conversation. "Maybe."

She slipped off her shoes and collapsed on the couch.

"Do you think we're playing house?"

She sat right up. "Umm, where's this coming from?"

"Just answer me."

"No. I can't play house, I have a son. I also have a boyfriend, and I'm trying to balance things and make them work."

"Okay, good. That's how I feel."

She picked at her nail nervously. "I'm trying to figure out if this is the beginning of the end."

"What?" I sat down next to her.

"Are you freaking out about things moving too fast, and not wanting to deal with us?"

I shook my head. "No. No. Not at all."

"Then what is it?"

I took her hand. "It's probably the opposite thing you're thinking."

"Meaning?"

"Cole kind of scared me earlier. I mean, what happens if you dump me? Do I lose you both?"

She leaned against me. "Why would I dump you? Didn't we just have this conversation last week?"

"And I told you I wasn't going to leave you. You didn't tell me that." I hadn't come to that realization until Noah surprised me with the word.

She picked her head up from my chest and looked me straight in the eye. "I can't promise you nothing is ever going to change, because this is still new, but I don't want to leave you. You make me happy in a way no one else ever has. I can promise that if you're good for Noah, I'd never cut you out of his life."

"But you might cut me out of yours?"

"No!" She squeezed my hand. "I'm not going to. I honestly don't know what I'd do without you."

"I want you guys to move in with me." I hadn't planned to say it, but it just kind of came out.

"What?"

"I don't want to just be part of your life a few days a week. I want to be all in."

She moved away slightly. "We can't just move in with you."

"Why not?"

"Child care. Our sitters and his daycare are in Wilmington."

"You're still going to work there. You can take him to the same daycare. And we can find sitters here. I have the space. Yeah, you'd have to drive further to work, but wouldn't it be worth it?"

She didn't say anything for a minute. "Isn't this a little fast?"

"Not for me. Besides, you're trying to save money. With the money you'd save on rent, you'd be able to pay for school in no time. Or you could just let me-"

"No. Absolutely not. You're not paying."

"Fine." I decided not to bring Austen up. It wouldn't help.

"I don't know. It's a big decision, and I need to think about it."

"Think about it. There's no expiration on the offer."

She smiled. "Okay, I'll think about it."

"Are you hungry?"

"Maybe for something sweet. It's Halloween, and I haven't had anything yet."

"I've got that brownie ice cream you like, and Noah made bank trick or treating tonight."

"Did he get any Reese's Peanut Butter Cups?"

"I'm sure he did." I hopped off the couch and searched through his bag until I found the orange wrapper.

"Perfect." She took a bite. "What time do you have work tomorrow?"

"Nine. We can sleep in as late as Noah does."

"Good, I'm exhausted."

"I bet." I moved behind her so I could give her a shoulder rub. "You're so tense."

"I know."

"Is there anything I can do?"

She moaned. "That."

I assumed she meant the back rub and continued.

She moaned again. "I could get used to this."

"I've given you these plenty of times before."

"Yeah, but not after a long day of work."

"You know what my reply to that is going to be."

She laughed. "What, that I can have one every time I come home?"

I let go of her shoulders and pulled her back against me. "Every single time."

"Do you also cook and clean too? I mean if you're trying to sell the opportunity."

"You know I cook. And clean...this is as good as it gets."

"Are there any other services I should know about?"

"Yeah, and I'd be happy to demonstrate those if you'd just follow me into the bedroom."

"That sounds appealing, very appealing, but I'm going to take a shower first."

"I'd ask to join you, but I'm going to be responsible and say I'll listen for Noah so you can actually enjoy your shower stress free."

"And you'll be rewarded for your thoughtfulness." She brushed her lips against mine before heading into my room.

She may not have actually agreed yet, but I knew she was going to say yes. Emily's maybes could mean either, but you could always tell. She wanted to say yes, but was too scared. I'd just have to give her some encouragement. I hadn't actually planned on asking them to move in, but once the idea got planted in my head I needed it. Things were moving fast, but I didn't see any reason to slow them down. I'd never been surer of anything in my life.

I heard the water turn off and listened at Noah's door before turning out the lights and heading into my room. I left the door open a tiny bit so we could still hear Noah, but I had a feeling we'd need the privacy. I pulled off my t-shirt and slipped out of my jeans. I lounged on my bed waiting for her. We'd spent tons of nights together, but I was ridiculously excited to have her in my bed again.

She came out of the bathroom a few minutes later wearing one of my Clayton Falls Mustangs t-shirts from high school. It was worn out and faded, but damn it looked so good on her. "I like the pajamas."

"I didn't remember to pack any. I'm going to borrow a pair of your shorts too for the morning."

"Oh, are you? You're not even asking anymore?"

"Nope. You like me wearing your clothes." She grinned.

"That I do. But you know what I like even better?"

"What?"

"You naked."

"So original."

"It's true. You look good in everything, but you look best wearing nothing at all."

She glanced at the door.

"He's sleeping."

"Good." She pulled off the t-shirt.

"Yeah, see that's what I mean. How can any clothing compare to that?"

"You don't look so bad naked yourself."

"No?"

"No." She came over and tugged off my boxers.

"Now you're overdressed." I pulled off her panties.

Before I could reach out and touch her, she was slipping under the covers. "I forgot how comfortable this bed was."

"You know-"

"You don't have to say it."

"If you moved in you could-"

She cut me off with a kiss. It wasn't a gentle kiss either. She pushed into my mouth, and I welcomed her. I loved the way her mouth tasted, minty from the toothpaste, yet sweet at the same time. I let a hand slip down to cup one of her br**sts and she moaned. Before I could do anything else, she climbed on top of me. "It's my turn."

"I'm all yours."

"Good."

She pulled out her hair tie and leaned her head back as she shifted on top of me. There couldn't have been anything hotter.

Chapter Twenty-Two

Emily

I couldn't give him an answer. I knew what I wanted to say, but that didn't mean it was the right decision. I wanted to move in with him-I wanted to get Noah out of our cramped apartment. I wanted to spend every night in Jake's arms. But what happened if Jake changed his mind about us? Where would that leave us? My lease wasn't up until the end of December, so I had time, but Jake wouldn't want to wait that long for an answer.

I was still worrying about it when Mel came over a few nights later.

"Jake asked us to move in with him." I didn't beat around the bush. I barely gave Mel enough time to sit down before throwing it out there.

"Wow, what did you say back?" She ate a few pieces of popcorn. She'd come over after Noah's bedtime so we could catch up and watch some of our shows.

"I told him I didn't know."

"You want to say yes though."

"Yeah, I do."

"But you're scared." She set aside the bowl of popcorn.

"Terrified."

"I honestly don't know the right answer. I see the way Jake looks at you. He worships you, and I really think you can trust him, but you've also only been with him a few months. He's obviously got a history of being reckless..." She looked away as she trailed off.

"I know. I want to trust him, but it's not just me at stake."

"The way I see it is you have a few more months. Give yourself some more time. If you still feel the same away about him when the time comes to sign the lease, then take the plunge."

"Take the plunge? That's a very good description for it."

Mel curled her legs up under her. "It's just crazy how you went from not dating to thinking about moving in with a guy."

"I know. And that's the problem. Maybe it's unhealthy."

"Unhealthy for who? You or Noah?"

"Maybe both?"

"Don't worry yourself about it. Take the time to figure out what you want. The rest will fall into place naturally."

"I hope you're right."

"I am. Now let's watch some TV."

***

I still couldn't believe that Noah and Jake had the same birthday. Obviously lots of people were born on November 16th, but the chances that both of the boys in my life shared it had to be pretty unlikely. I'd finally figured out the gifts I was getting for both of them. Noah was getting a tricycle and Jake's gift wasn't something that you could wrap. I'd picked up something physical to give him though. It was one of those picture frames with spots for a bunch of different photos. He complained that he didn't have any real pictures of us, so I printed some out and filled the frame with them. My favorite photo was one of him holding Noah on his shoulders so he could throw a basketball through the hoop. They both had the biggest grins on their faces. I'd actually gotten the picture from Mary. She'd taken it when we were over for dinner one night and emailed it to me.

The 16th fell on a Saturday, and Mary wanted to throw a joint party for both of them. I was fine with it, but I also wanted to have a quiet party at home. We came to a good solution-we'd do both.

Noah woke up at six thirty on his birthday, which was actually later than usual. I used the extra time to make sure I had breakfast ready for him. I decided to treat him to his favorite-chocolate chip pancakes.

I'd just set him up in his chair when I heard a knock on my door.

I opened the door to a smiling Jake.

I hugged him. "Happy Birthday!"

"Thanks. Where's the other birthday man?"

I pointed to Noah, who was spiking up his hair with melted chocolate chips.

"Nice. Very nice, kid." Jake took away the waded pancake in Noah's hand and sat down. "Happy Birthday."

"What are you doing here? Aren't we supposed to meet at your parents'?"

"I couldn't wait. Molly drove me."

"That was nice of her."

"Yeah, I know. She says she did it for you. She thinks if she can help keep you happy, you'll stick around."

I laughed. "I like her too. She's going to be a great mom."

"I agree, like you." He kissed my forehead. "So, are there any extra pancakes?"

"Yes. I made some extras just in case."

"In case? You were hoping I'd show up, weren't you?" He tickled me.

I laughed. "Yes."

"Why didn't you tell me to come up last night then?"

"It's your birthday too. I thought you might want to sleep in. Besides, you had a game."

"As you can see, I didn't sleep in."

"I guess not."

"More." Noah reached toward the counter.

"Why don't you finish that one first?" I pointed to the quarter of a pancake still on his plate.

Jake leaned in close to Noah. "Don't worry, bud. It's your birthday, you get anything you want."

I shook my head. "Remember that if he gets sick later."

"But it's my birthday which means I'm not on clean up duty."

"Does that mean I get off for my birthday too?"

"Yes, and any other time you need a break." He kissed me before getting up to make himself a plate.

***

I'd never seen such an elaborate birthday cake. Two tiers surrounded by a road with chocolate cars. I'm pretty sure Noah was in heaven.

"Oh my gosh. How'd you make that?" I asked Mary.

She laughed. "It wasn't me. Gail over at Marney's Cafe takes special occasion orders."

"Wow, I'll have to remember that." Based on the peach pie I'd eaten there, I was pretty sure the cake would taste as good as it looked.

Noah reached out for one of the cars. I was about to stop him when Jake handed it to him. "I agree, forget the cake, just give me the candy."

I nudged Jake. "Sometimes I can't tell who's the kid here."

"And that's what makes it fun." He put his arm around me.

"I need more pictures." Mary picked up her camera and started snapping more. "I still can't believe we have two birthdays to celebrate today."

Jake helped Noah unwrap another chocolate car. "I know. This is awesome. Suddenly my birthday is a big deal again."

Ben laughed. "Yeah, but we all know who Mom really got that cake for."

Molly put a hand on her hip and turned to her husband. "Hey, don't talk. You're the one who still wants your mom to make you French toast because mine tastes different."

"It's true. Yours is good, but it's not the same."

Mary leaned over to talk to Molly and I in an exaggerated whisper. "It's because I put powdered sugar on it. Try that, and they'll never complain again."

We both laughed. Molly seemed to have a good relationship with her mother-in-law. For the first time, I wondered what it would be like to have her as mine.

As much as I'd pushed for our own little party, I was glad we had the big one. Noah had such a good time, and it was fun to watch Jake with his whole family around. After lunch and cake, everyone went out back. Noah didn't last long. He could barely keep his eyes open so I took him inside. Mary came in with us.

"You should be proud of yourself." She took a seat next to me on the loveseat. Noah had completely fallen asleep in my arms. Everyone else was still throwing a football around outside.

"Proud?"

"Yes. Raising a child is hard to do with a partner, and you're doing a wonderful job on your own."

"Oh. Thank you." I really hadn't been sure what Jake's mom thought about me having a child. I knew she cared about Noah, but being less than thrilled that her son was dating a single mom was another thing.

"Jake told us about your husband. That must have been horrible. I can't imagine."

"Thank you, but it's all right. It's been more than a year...and we weren't married very long."

"Was it before or after you found out you were pregnant?" Her eyes were kind, not judging.

"After."

"That was brave. Deciding to get married-to keep him."

"Tim proposed, and he made it sound easy."

"Nothing's easy."

"Sometimes I've wondered if he would have been better off if I'd given him up, but we've managed. I had just graduated so at least I was out of high school."

"Can we leave Noah for just a second? I want to show you something."

"Sure." I laid Noah down on the couch and followed Mary into her bedroom.

She pulled a packet of pictures out from the top of her closet.

She handed them to me. They were all of a little girl-starting as a baby, until she was grown up and holding a baby of her own.

"I got pregnant young too, but I was still a junior in high school."

"This is your daughter?"

"Yes. We had an open adoption, so I was able to watch her grow up from a distance."

"Have you met her? I mean since she was born."

"No. I didn't think I could handle it. She lives in Florida and has her own family now." Silent tears flowed down Mary's face. "Nothing about having children is easy. Don't doubt yourself."

Without thinking, I hugged her. I had no doubt where Jake's compassion and giant heart came from.

"You've been so good for Jake." Her face was full of warmth.

"He's been good for us."

"I'm glad."

Loud voices announced everyone else's return, and we hurried out to quiet them down before they woke Noah up.

Jake put an arm around my shoulder. "You okay?"

"Yeah, of course."

"It looks like you've been crying." He touched my cheek and wiped away a tear I didn't notice I'd shed.

"Oh. It's fine. I was just talking to your mom about stuff."

"Good stuff?"

"Life stuff, but it was good."

He gave me a funny look and kissed my cheek. "Then I'm glad you two talked."

***

"Are you guys ready to head home, or do you want to come back to my house for a little while?" Jake finished strapping Noah into his car seat and got into the passenger seat.

"We'll come over."

"Okay, great." Jake didn't complain about spending our weekends in Wilmington, but he loved when Noah and I came over.

I drove the short distance to his house and parked in the driveway. Jake was out of the car unbuckling Noah before I'd even opened my door.

"Hey, I'll get him. Can you get my stuff from the trunk?"

"What do you have in there?"

"I didn't give you your gift yet."

"Okay..." He caught the keys I tossed to him.

I pulled Noah out and set him on the driveway.

"Why do you guys have suitcases? Are you staying? I thought we were doing our little party at your place."

"We're not moving in for good until December but I thought-"

Jake picked me up and swung me around.

Noah giggled, and Jake swung him next. "Are you staying the weekend?"

I nodded. "Uh huh. I thought it would be a good trial run."

"We don't need a trial period, but I'm glad. I missed you like crazy last night."

"Me too."

Jake moved Noah into one arm and picked up one of the suitcases with his other. "I'll come back for that one."

"I've got it." I picked it up, trying to hide that it was actually heavy. I figured it would make more of an impression if we actually had clothes to put in the drawers.

Jake had a few more gifts for Noah. I think he'd had a little too much fun in the toy store. Noah didn't mind at all. I had to pull his attention away from a plastic toy train set so we could give Jake his gifts.

"I love it." Jake stared at the frame for a few minutes, grinning, before getting up from the couch to pull out his tool box. Noah watched, transfixed while Jake hung up the frame above the mantel.

"Mine." Noah nudged Jake's leg and held out a couple of pictures he'd made for him.

Jake picked up Noah and stared at the drawings. He turned to me. "I think we have a little artist on our hands."

I laughed. "If we can get him to sit still long enough to do it."

We played with Noah for a little while, but he fell asleep right there on the floor. Jake helped me put him to bed before we decided to head to bed ourselves.

Jake closed the door most of the way. "This has to have been the best birthday ever." He wrapped his arms around my waist.

I leaned into him. "I'm glad. Thanks for making it special for Noah too."

"It's pretty cool to share a birthday with him. It makes them fun again."

I smiled. "I have an important question for you."

"What?"

"Are you going to make room for my stuff?"

He laughed. "Yeah, that's not a problem. I'm excited to see your stuff in here."

Jake quickly cleared out two drawers for me, and promised I'd have more soon. His closet was half empty already so there'd be plenty of space for my hanging stuff. "This is crazy, huh?"

"Crazy? Nope. Cool? Yes."

"I bet a few months ago, you never dreamed you'd have two people moving in with you."

He put his arms around me from behind and pulled me down on the bed with him. "Nope, I didn't, but it's the best surprise I've ever had."

"Do you believe in fate?"

"Fate?" He shifted us so our heads were on the pillows.

"Yeah. Like we were fated to meet each other."

"I didn't before, but now maybe I do. Maybe everything happened for a reason. My accident sucked, but I didn't hurt anyone, and I lived to meet you and Noah. I've stopped drinking and now have an amazing girlfriend, little man, and a job I actually like."

"Do you think you'll coach next year?"

A slow smile spread across his face. "I accepted their offer after the game last night."

I sat up on an elbow. "You did! That's awesome."

He laughed. "I know. They'll actually pay me then too."

"Details, details."

"I figured they'd be pissed that we probably aren't going to make it to regionals, but they said I'd shown them enough already."

"That's awesome. I'm so happy for you."

"Thanks, but what about you? Do you believe in fate?"

"Yes. I always did. When everything with Tim happened, I started to doubt it. Now I do again. I'm so lucky to have met you." I reached out and stroked his cheek.

"Not to look a gift horse in the mouth or whatever that saying is, but do you really need to wait until December?"

"Yes. Please, just let me do this my way."

"All right. Right now all I care about is having you in bed next to me."

"That's an easy one."

"Good." He kissed me, and I knew the night would only get better.

Chapter Twenty-Three

Emily

I'd just changed into pajamas when I heard a knock on the door. I wanted it to be Jake even though I knew it couldn't be. I really wished he had his license. Mel had just left so it couldn't be her. I had no idea who would be at my apartment so late.

"Who is it?" I called tentatively. The door was double locked so no one was getting in without my permission.

"It's me, Em," a deep voice answered.

"Austen?"

"Yeah. I thought I'd surprise you. Can I come in?"

I unlocked the door and he walked inside, closing and locking the door behind him.

"What are you doing here?"

"I was in town and thought I'd stop by to visit." He took off his jacket and looked for a place to put it.

I took his jacket and put it on one of the hooks. "At ten o'clock at night?"

"I just got in. I left right after work."

"Oh. Okay."

I went over to the couch assuming he'd follow.

He didn't. Instead, he walked around. "You've got a cute place here." As he started to head down the hall to the bedrooms, I stopped him.

"Noah's sleeping."

"I figured. I'm just looking."

"Could you just sit? You're making me nervous."

He smiled. "Nervous? Why does it make you nervous?" As he spoke, he walked over and took a seat.

"I feel like you're judging me or something."

"I said it was cute. Is that judgmental?"

"It's the way you said it."

"Am I making you uncomfortable, Em?"

I wrapped my arms around my chest, wishing I'd thrown a sweatshirt on over my tank top. At least I was wearing pants and not shorts.

"It's just a little late for a visit."

"It's just me. You're acting like I'm a stranger."

"I wouldn't have let a stranger in."

He put an arm behind him on the couch. "I'd hope not."

"What brought you to town?"

"Remember when I saw you in August I mentioned a job opportunity?"

"Yes." How could I forget? That was the night he let me know he was interested in me.

"I have an interview tomorrow."

"Oh. That's great."

"Is it? Would you like it if I moved here?"

"It would be nice to have another friend around."

He grabbed my hand. My first instinct was to pull it away, but I didn't. "You're with that guy, aren't you?"

I nodded. "Yeah. We worked it out."

"Are you sure he's good enough for you?"

I laughed dryly. "Good enough for me? Because the bar is set so high?"

"Hey. You only deserve the best." He squeezed my hand.

"I'm in love with him."

"Yeah? That's great then." The expression on his face didn't match his words.

"Do you really mean it?"

"Yes. I already told you I'm interested, but I'm not going to pressure you. I just want to know you're being taken care of."

"That's big of you."

"I'm a big guy, Em."

I laughed. Austen was big. Over six foot three big. But then again, Jake was over six foot himself. "Where are you staying?"

"I've got a hotel if that's what you're asking. He's not here though, is he?"

"No. He lives about a half hour away."

"What's his name?"

"Jake."

Austen leaned back into the couch. "What does he do?"

"He works in his family's marina business, and he coaches the high school football team."

"Seriously? He coaches high school football?"

"Yeah. Is that so surprising?"

He shrugged. "I guess not. What school is it?"

"Clayton Falls High. Why?"

"Just wondering." He shifted and looked right at me. "Your parents don't know about him." It was a statement, not a question.

"You've been talking to my mom?"

"Yeah. I stop by from time to time."

"Oh. Well, I didn't want to get her worked up. I'll talk to her about him eventually." I was actually planning to call her the next night. It just took me awhile to build up the nerve, since I knew she'd tell my dad.

"Worked up? If you love the guy, what's to get worked up about?" He closed his eyes like he was so tired he couldn't keep them open. He squeezed my hand again. I pulled my hand from his.

He opened his eyes and looked taken aback. "Does that really bother you?"

"I have a boyfriend."

"I'm well aware. That is what we're discussing."

"You're not my brother, Austen."

"I'm well aware of that too. Very well aware."

"Then stop asking questions."

"Fine. I can tell you're not comfortable with me here but I'd love to see Noah. Maybe dinner tomorrow night?"

"I'm working until seven."

"Then lunch the next day?" He got up and leaned down to kiss me on the forehead.

I nodded.

"Good night, Em."

I locked up as he walked out, wishing I knew how to deal with him.

Chapter Twenty-Four

Jake

"Are you Jake Mathews?" A guy leaned against the bleachers watching me as I sent the team into the locker room at the end of practice. I was already in a bad mood. I'd just found out for sure we hadn't made State. By some stroke of luck, we'd made regionals but we'd lost. I was hoping a technicality with another team would get us in. They'd been cleared.

"What's it to you?" There was something weird about the way he was watching me. He obviously wasn't a scout or anything.

"I'm a friend of Emily's. The name's Austen."

Austen. This was the guy who lent her money. "A friend?"

"Yes." He smiled. "A close friend."

I saw Cole out of the corner of my eye, and hoped he'd stay away. Whatever this was didn't concern him.

"Is there a particular reason you're here?"

"What are you doing with her?"

"Excuse me?"

"What do you think you're doing with Emily?"

"I must be hearing things. Why would anyone be questioning me about my relationship with my girlfriend?"

"She's not just a girl you can screw around with."

I took a step toward him. I wasn't going to let this guy mess with me. "Trust me, I know that."

"What about Noah?"

"What about him?" I scowled.

"What's he to you?"

My initial reaction was to punch the guy, but that wouldn't help anything. I just didn't like anyone implying I shouldn't be with Emily and Noah. "How is any of this your business?"

"Her brother isn't around to do this, so I'm doing it for him."

"Why isn't he around?" Emily hardly ever talked about him, and when she did it was only about when they were kids.

"She hasn't told you?"

"Told me what?" I tensed. I just knew something bad was coming.

"He died our sophomore year of college. Emily was never the same. That's probably why she got messed up with that idiot Tim in the first place."

"What happened?"

"Drunk driving accident. He wasn't wearing a seatbelt. The rest of us were fine."

Fuck. How had she never mentioned that to me?

"He was my best friend. I owe it to him to take care of her."

"Owe it to him? You mean in his memory or something?"

"No." His face turned to stone. "I owe it to him."

"Who was the drunk driver?" Was Austen responsible for his best friend's death?

"He was." His words shocked me.

I didn't say anything at first. I didn't know what to say.

"We were all trashed, but it had been my idea to go to that party in the first place. He'd just wanted to stay in that night. I was the one who made him drive my car because he seemed the most sober." Austen kicked a rock. "Did she ever tell you who Noah was named after?"

"No, but I think I can guess."

"Her brother." Austen shoved his hands in his pockets.

"Noah was a really cool guy. I practically grew up in their house. Emily was always the annoying little kid, but she grew up to be really pretty and surprised us all. Noah was always viciously protective of her. He'd probably have had them move in with him if he were alive." Austen didn't cry, but he might as well have been. The raw emotion on his face was intense.

"You're not in love with Emily." Watching him standing there awkwardly, I knew he wasn't a threat in that way. If he felt anything for her, it was out of some sort of obligation.

"I'm crazy about her. I love her."

"But you're not in love with her."

He looked down at the ground. "I could be. I've always been attracted to her, and I know I could give her what she needs, and she'd do the same for me. The rest would come."

"Why are you here?"

"I need to know she's going to be okay. I saw her last night, and the way she looked when she talked about you-she's falling for you hard, and I don't know if she'll survive getting jerked around again."

"I'm not going to hurt her, but Emily's stronger than you give her credit for."

He shifted his weight between his feet. "She needs to be protected. She needs someone to take care of her."

"I can and will take care of her, but she's strong enough to take care of herself. She's done one hell of a job on her own before me. I'm just going to make sure she doesn't have to."

"She doesn't need another loser in her life." His words were sharp, and they got me where it hurt.

"Excuse me?"

"You heard me. I know your story. You got a DUI. That's how you met her, isn't it? She was pretty tight lipped about it, but I figured it out."

"Did you do a background check on me?"

"Nothing that drastic, I just asked around."

"Then you'd also know I haven't touched a god damn drop of alcohol since I met her." It was true. I'd walked into Gill's once, but I couldn't even do that anymore. I lasted an hour before I had Cole drive me home.

"Do you think it's a coincidence she didn't tell you about her brother? She likes to save people. She likes to feel needed. But she needs someone to fix her, to take care of her for a change."

"Coach Mathews, can I talk to you?" Jamie, the starting quarterback, stopped a few feet away.

"One second," I said to Jamie before looking back to Austen.

"I'm going to take care of her." I refused to let Austen see what effect his words had on me, but I felt like I'd been kicked in the stomach. Was Emily lying to me about why she wanted to be with me?

"Don't hurt her." It sounded like he was pleading. He was done with his macho act.

"I won't." It was more likely she'd hurt me. I turned and headed over to Jamie. I answered his question about off season training before making the mile long walk I'd promised myself I'd never make.

Why hadn't she told me? Was she afraid of my reaction? Or was it worse. Was she only with me out of some warped need to feel closer to the memory of her brother or something? It just didn't add up. I couldn't handle it, and there was only one thing that would help.

***

I poured myself a glass of whiskey. It had been far too long since I'd had one. I'd stayed away for months, but for what? For a green eyed girl who'd been lying to me the whole time? Who cared that just the sight of her drove me wild, or that she was the first girl to actually get my sense of humor? She might have made me feel whole, but at the moment I needed to forget her. I brought the brown liquid to my lips, unwilling to spend more time thinking about the one thing I wanted more than the drink-Emily.

"Shit." I leaned down to see what I'd stepped on. It was one of Noah's little train toys. What the f**k was I doing? I hobbled over to the sink, that damn toy had hurt, and poured my glass down the drain. It wasn't enough. I grabbed the bottle and poured it out. I ran the water for a minute to wash it away. Whatever was going on, the only way I was going to get answers was to talk to Emily. I loved her and Noah too much to give up.

Chapter Twenty-Five

Emily

"We need to talk." Jake didn't bother with pleasantries when I opened the door.

"What's wrong?" I'd just put Noah down and was ready to go to sleep myself. That is until I saw Jake's face. He looked horrible.

"Why didn't you tell me about your brother?"

"What?" I felt sick. It couldn't be a coincidence that he was asking about my brother when Austen was in town.

"Did Austen come to see you?" I wrapped my arms around myself.

"Answer me, Emily."

"I didn't know how." I looked down.

"What does that mean? How could you not know how?"

"I didn't want you to think he had anything to do with why I was with you. Or that I was trying to mess with you or anything."

"What am I supposed to think now? We've been together for months, you're supposed to be moving in with me, and you lied to me about your brother."

"I didn't lie."

"Fine. You misled me."

"I don't know what you want me to say."

"I don't know. I don't know what to think. If I didn't love you so damn much I'd probably just walk out the door, but I can't. Why are you with me? Why did you want to date me in the first place? Is it because of him? Do you want to fix me, make sure I don't screw up like he did?" The absolute despair on his face almost killed me.

"No. Or maybe there was some of that when I gave you my number, but it all changed."

"Why? Why did it change?"

"I fell for you. I fell completely in love with you." I put my arms around him. "I didn't want to change you, because I fell for you the way you are."

"I want to believe that."

"Then believe it. It's true." I knew he had every right to be mad. I should have told him about my brother, but how could I?

"Are there any more secrets? You kept both Noahs from me, and I need to know if there are any more surprises."

"I understand if this changes things..." I refused to cry. I couldn't. My life was just a series of mistakes.

"I'm not letting you go. I need you, Emily. I don't care if you only dated me at first in some misguided attempt to save me, because the truth is you did save me. For the first time in years, I'm happy. I'm not losing you." He took my head in his hands.

"You're wrong, Jake."

"No. I'm not."

"You're the one who saved me. You think you're the only one who's finally happy? I love Noah, love him more than life itself, but I didn't feel like this. I didn't feel alive until I met you."

His lips brushed against mine. "No more secrets."

"I promise."

"Then I need to come clean."

"About what?"

"Austen came by after practice."

"So?"

"So? Don't you want to know why I'm only here now?"

"Okay." I leaned into him more.

"I picked up a bottle of Jack Daniels and poured myself a drink. I didn't know what else to do. I was so damn close to taking a sip too, but then I stepped on one of those trains of Noah's. I poured the glass and the whole damn bottle out."

"That took three hours?"

"I went for a walk and ended up at Cole's. He's the one who drove me here."

"I love you." I kissed him.

"I love you too."

He pulled me against him. "Can I stay? I doubt Cole's willing to come back to get me."

"I wasn't going to let you leave."

He smiled. "I don't think I can sleep yet."

"Me either. I need to show you something." I took his hand and led him into my room. I dug out the photo album I kept in my bed stand.

I handed it to Jake, and sat down next to him on the bed. "This is who Noah's named after."

I started with the pictures of us as kids, and we moved through them until I found the one of us at his high school graduation. "He was an incredible brother. An incredible person."

"I'm sure he was."

I leaned my head against his shoulder. "I'm glad you're here. I couldn't sleep alone."

"Just a few more weeks, and you'll never sleep alone again."

I leaned over and kissed him. "Neither will you."

Chapter Twenty-Six

Jake

"Hey Coach!" I turned toward the dock from the deck of the boat I was working on, shocked to see Becca standing there with Molly.

"Hey! What are you doing here?" I wiped the grease off my hands before walking over and pulling Becca into a hug.

"We're spending Christmas in Augusta, so we thought we'd stop here on our drive down."

"That's cool. I was wondering when I'd see you again."

"I also wanted to show this off." She held out her left hand.

I checked out the large diamond ring on her finger. "Wow. You're engaged?"

"Yes! Gavin proposed last week!" She popped up on her toes. She was beyond giddy.

"Congrats. That's awesome."

"I know it's pretty fast, but it feels right."

"They're not getting married until this summer though." Molly jumped in. She was grinning too.

"Cool, cool. I'll definitely be there." I wouldn't miss it. It was nice to see Becca so happy. "How long are you in town for?"

"Through the weekend. We're actually having everyone over to Gavin's place Friday night." She glanced down at her ring, before looking up at me.

"Awesome. We should be able to make it. We usually spend our weekends in Wilmington, but they're moving in next week anyway."

"What?" Becca's jaw dropped. "How did I not know this?" She looked at Molly. "Why aren't you surprised? He told you?" She didn't look happy at that thought.

"Of course not. Emily did."

"Probably during one of the times you called to ask her one hundred and one baby questions."

"I do not do that! I just call to talk." Molly looked flustered.

I figured Emily would kill me if I got Molly mad at her. It was good they got along. "Emily likes that you ask her for advice. She likes to feel useful. None of her friends have kids yet."

"Okay, that's what I thought." Molly visibly relaxed.

"So what are you two up to this afternoon? Plotting a takeover?"

"Very funny. We're going Christmas shopping. Emily and Noah are coming."

"Wait, she didn't tell me that."

"That's because we just set it up an hour ago."

"Are you meeting her in Wilmington?" They were coming up in a few days, but that didn't mean I wouldn't jump at the opportunity to see them sooner. I remembered Emily telling me she'd switched shifts and had the afternoon off.

"You're not coming shopping with us. Don't even ask." Molly crossed her arms.

"Fine. I'll watch Noah so Emily can actually enjoy herself."

"Wow. That's incredibly thoughtful of you. I'm impressed." Becca grinned.

"It's called being a good boyfriend. Maybe yours should try it."

She laughed. "He's my fiance now, you know."

"Whatever. What time are you leaving?"

"At two thirty. Can you get out?"

"Yeah, if Ben ever shows up."

Molly rolled her eyes. "He'll be here. We'll pick you up."

"See ya then." I waved as they walked away.

I finished up the work that had to get done and was getting ready to head into the office when Ben showed up. "I'm your ride to Wilmington now."

"Do I want to know why?"

"Molly wants me to babysit Noah with you."

"She does realize I watch him by myself a lot, right?"

"This isn't about you. She thinks I need more experience with kids."

I laughed. "You do know your baby isn't going to be a walking, talking toddler, don't you?"

He shook his head. "All I know is Molly told me to do it. I figured it couldn't hurt."

"This might be interesting."

"Go get your stuff. We can stop by your place so you can get cleaned up."

"I don't know, maybe Emily would like the grease."

"Shut up and go." He walked back toward the parking lot.

"Nice, long day of work you're putting in," I called after him.

He turned and gave me the finger. "I got here at five for a fishing tour."

"Likely story."

***

"Thanks for watching Noah." Emily kissed me on the cheek after I took five huge shopping bags from her hands. Since Becca and Molly's hands were empty, I assumed they left their bags in the car.

I put her bags down on the counter, the one spot Noah couldn't reach. "Not a problem, we had a good time. Noah's still out cold. We should probably wake him up soon."

"How'd he do?" Molly pointed to Ben.

"He did all right." I snickered.

"What happened?" Molly looked between us.

"Ben needed some lessons in diapers."

"Shut up, it wasn't that bad."

"Dude, you tried to put the thing on backwards."

The girls all busted out laughing. "This is one of those conversations that needs to be recorded." Becca grinned.

Ben looked flustered. "Both sides have Elmo on it, how can you tell?"

Emily put a hand on my arm. "Be nice, Jake. Or do you want me to tell them about the first bath you were here for?"

"No. I think that can stay between us."

"What happened?" Ben asked.

"Nothing except that I left the room for two minutes and Jake was just as wet as Noah."

Molly laughed. "Now that would have been worth seeing."

"That incident aside, Jake's got it down. I can't promise he'll know how to handle a baby, but your son or daughter will have a good babysitter for an uncle."

Molly leaned over to whisper something to Ben.

"Fine, we can tell them."

"We were going to wait to tell your parents the news at the same time, but we had another ultrasound today. Remember how they couldn't tell us the gender back in September and we decided we didn't need to know? Well, it was pretty obvious this time."

"What are you having?" Becca and Emily asked simultaneously.

"A boy."

"Nice. Congrats, man." I patted Ben on the back.

Becca hugged Molly, and then Emily took a turn. "Is that offer of giving us Noah's old clothes still on the table?"

"Of course. We can go through them when you're ready."

Ben and I found a game on TV while the girls talked babies. An hour later, Becca and Molly walked over. They both had conspiratorial looks on their faces. Emily was trying to get Noah to clean up some of his toys.

"What are you up to?" I asked.

Becca sat down on the arm of the couch next to me. "How would you like to go out with Emily tonight?"

"Is that a real question?"

She rolled her eyes. "We were thinking that this would be a perfect night for Molly and Ben to watch Noah."

Ben was suddenly interested in the conversation. "Is there a reason you're volunteering us for babysitting?"

Molly sat down on the couch. She maneuvered awkwardly to get comfortable. Women really had it rough with the whole pregnancy thing. "You can't change a diaper, Ben. We need practice."

"Great. Jake gets to go out with his girlfriend while we babysit."

Molly swatted at his arm. "Get used to it."

I laughed. "You do realize the person to ask for permission is Emily."

"We already asked. She was more than happy to lend Noah to us for the night." Molly grinned.

"You really want to babysit?" Ben asked her.

"Yes, but Jake needs to do something really special."

"I do?"

"Uh huh. She's had a hard week at work, treat her to something."

I knew exactly what we should do. "Would you mind watching Noah back in town? I want to take Emily out there."

"You're choosing a date night in Clayton Falls over Wilmington?" Becca asked incredulously. She was such a city girl. Not that Wilmington was a bustling metropolis or anything-but it was a heck of a lot bigger than Clayton Falls.

"I have my reasons." They were good ones. "How long are you keeping him for?"

Molly shook her head. "I don't want to know why you're asking that."

"Just so I can time everything up."

"As late as you want. I figure Noah can fall asleep at our place. I don't mind keeping him over night, but I doubt Emily's going to go for it."

"I'll be right back." I needed to make a phone call to an old friend.

***

"It was so nice of Molly and Ben to babysit tonight." Emily took a bite of her chicken parmesan. We were having dinner at La Trattoria, a new Italian place that just opened in town. The chef had relocated from New York a few months before. It was the first new restaurant to open in years, so I figured it was about time we tried it out.

"Oh, come on. You know Ben didn't volunteer."

She laughed. "Maybe not, but he agreed."

"I don't think he can say no to Molly." I finished off my Pasta Diablo.

"You say it like it's a bad thing."

I shrugged. "Not bad, just fact."

"I think it's sweet how in love they are. Their story is so romantic. High school sweethearts reunited years later."

The waiter came over and cleared our plates.

"You're not thinking about reuniting with anyone, are you?" I knew Austen wasn't actually in love with her, but that didn't mean she didn't have feelings for him.

"Not at all. The only one I'm thinking about is you." She looked down at the table. She always got so shy when opening up about her feelings. She didn't need to be.

I reached across the table and took her hand. "How'd I get so lucky?"

"Lucky?"

"To have you. Sometimes I think I'm still unconscious or something and I'll wake up."

"You're conscious."

"Good." I squeezed her hand.

We ordered chocolate cake for dessert. We shared it, but I let Emily have most of it. I loved watching her enjoy each bite.

"Are you up for a movie?"

"Sure. Should we check the times or just head over?" She knew the closest movie theater was in the next town. It would be a fifteen minute drive.

"I have a better idea." I paid the bill and we walked out to her car. "I'm glad we dropped Noah's car seat off with Molly in case they need it."

"Why?"

"You'll see."

She figured out where we were going as soon as I told her the first turn. "The drive in? That's what we're doing, isn't it?"

"You did say you might be interested in the real experience."

She laughed. "Why not?"

She parked the car in the empty field. "So we just need to find the correct station, right? Isn't that how these things work?"

"You weren't actually planning to watch the movie, were you?" I unbuckled my seatbelt and turned to her.

"What else would we do?" Then her eyes widened with understanding. "That's why you mentioned the car seat..."

"You up for it?" I grinned.

"We're not kids, Jake."

"No, so what's the problem?" I decided to take matters into my own hands. I leaned over the center console and kissed her, unbuckling her seatbelt while I had her distracted. She moaned, and I continued the kiss. She still tasted faintly of chocolate. I slipped a hand under her sweater and she ran her fingers through my hair. "Still not interested in moving to the back seat?"

She looked out the window, and a look of understanding crossed her face. "Why are we the only ones here, Jake?"

"They only show movies on Fridays and Saturdays. An old friend of mine manages this place." I smiled. "I told him to pick any movie, because we wouldn't be watching it."

"You got your friend to come into work and set up a movie just so we could make out in the backseat?"

"Make out? I did buy you dinner, you know."

She smacked my arm playfully. "You're something else."

"I know I am." I reached over her and pushed open her door.

"You're sure no one else is going to show up?"

"I promise."

I didn't waste any time once we were in the backseat. I wanted her so bad. Emily's Camry wasn't huge, but it had more than enough room. I had those cowboy boots of hers off in seconds, and her sweater and jeans didn't last much longer. She pulled off my shirt, and unzipped my jeans. I groaned as she grabbed me just as I was moving down over her. I unclasped her bra and slid off her panties. It was dark, but the faint light from the movie screen and the moon was enough to illuminate her amazing body. She was perfection-absolute perfection-and she was mine.

"I love you so much." I kissed her lips gently, letting my hand glide down her body. "I love you so damn much."

"I love you too." She pulled my head back down to hers. "I need you, Jake. I need you, now."

"Anytime, anywhere. I'll never make you wait." Sex with Emily was beyond incredible. It's like nothing else in the world existed when I was inside her. I used to wonder if sex with the same partner got boring after a while, but it was the opposite. The more I was with Emily-the more I got to know every inch of her, just made it better-more intense. She called out my name, digging her nails into my back, and everything else faded away.

Chapter Twenty-Seven

Jake

I was one of the first guests at Becca and Gavin's party. I was going to wait for Emily, but she insisted I go ahead.

"Hey, Jake!" Becca hugged me when she opened the door. She was wearing a very un-Becca like outfit, a sparkly red top. Becca usually went for black.

"Looking festive."

She punched my arm lightly. "We're celebrating my engagement, and it's Christmas time-I'm dressed very appropriately."

"Is he giving you a hard time?" Gavin strolled over. As much as the former Clayton Falls cop and I didn't see eye to eye, he wasn't a bad guy. He tried to act all serious, but even he couldn't hide his good mood.

"Congrats, man. You're lucky."

"I know." He put an arm around Becca.

"Can I get you anything to drink?" Gavin offered.

Becca gave him a look.

"I mean soda or anything?"

I shook my head at Becca. "I'm capable of turning down alcohol."

"I know. I just didn't want to make you uncomfortable..."

"Stop worrying."

"Okay. But do you want anything?"

"A Coke would be great."

Gavin got one out of the fridge and tossed it to me.

I went over to the window and looked out. I had to hand it to Gavin, his condo had a nice view. I'd have thought about buying it off him, but it wouldn't have been practical for Emily and Noah. I liked that I had to take them into consideration.

The place filled up. I caught up with Becca a bit, and tried to enjoy the party, but I was getting worried.

I checked my phone for the millionth time. Emily ran late a lot and sometimes didn't call, but it was getting extremely late even for her. I was just about to slide my phone back into my pocket when I got a text. Sorry, we're not going to make it. I'll give you more details later.

Are you okay? Do you need me?

Enjoy the party. I'll fill you in later.

Let me know if you need anything

OK

"Is everything okay?" Becca asked, taking a seat next to me on one of the bar stools at the counter.

"Yeah, but Emily's not coming."

"Is she okay? Noah?"

"I think so. She said she'd tell me more later."

"Oh. Well, if you need to leave, I get it." Becca bit her lip. It made her nervous and she barely knew Emily.

"I'll wait until she calls."

I tried to relax, but I didn't like it. Why didn't Emily tell me what was going on? I was about to walk outside to call her when I heard the tinkering of a glass. Someone was going to toast.

Gavin easily commanded the attention of everyone in the room. He was definitely the biggest guy there. "Becca and I are so happy you could all be here to celebrate with us tonight. We've missed you guys so much the past few months, which is why we're excited to share some other news."

Was she pregnant too? Becca didn't seem like the type to have kids so quickly, but as Emily would say, sometimes it wasn't planned.

"We're moving back in May!" Becca squealed.

"Oh my god, that's awesome!" Molly hugged her.

"Wait, did you take the job with the Blue Rocks?" Tom asked, referring to the local Minor League baseball team. Gavin had been doing some assistant coaching for the Boston Red Sox.

"Yeah. And Becca's lined up a great job too." Gavin beamed at her.

Becca grinned. "I'm working for the DA in Wilmington!"

"That's incredible, Becca!" I gave her a hug. I knew how much she wanted to be a prosecutor. I was glad she was going to be doing it close by.

My phone vibrated. I had a new text. Can you talk?

I slipped down the hall and called her. "What's going on?"

"It's my dad," Emily choked out.

"What about him? Is he worse?"

"Mom says if I want to talk to him, it's got to be now. They sent him home with hospice." She could barely talk, she was crying so hard.

"Oh, Em. I'm so sorry."

"I need to go up there. I'm going tonight. I can't wait."

"I'll come with you. Can you stop and pick me up at my house, or should I get a ride to you?"

"You don't have to come, Jake."

"I want to. If nothing else, I can help watch Noah."

"We'll pick you up. Can you be ready by nine?" Her voice sounded stronger. Maybe knowing she'd have me with her helped.

"Yes. I love you, Em."

"I love you too."

I walked back to the party.

"Is everything okay?" Ben put down his beer.

"No. Emily's dad took a turn for the worse. I need to get home and pack."

"Are you going up to Ridgeview?" Ben asked.

"Yeah. I don't have much time, and don't want to ruin the mood. Can you tell Becca I left?"

"Sure." Ben hugged me. We weren't the kind of brothers who hugged, but I appreciated the gesture.

***

I walked outside my house and locked up before Emily had even pulled into the driveway. I didn't want her to waste any more time. Even without traffic, it was still a five hour drive. I got right in, leaning over to kiss Emily on the cheek before turning around to say hi to Noah.

"Thanks for coming. I know you wanted to spend time with Becca." Emily pulled out onto the road.

"This is much more important." I took her hand and squeezed it. She was shaking.

"Have you talked to your mom again since you called me?"

"Yeah. He's all settled in. Mom sounded so scared though." She took her hand from mine to brush away a tear. "I can't imagine what she's going through. They've been married thirty-five years. How do you say goodbye to someone after so long?"

"I don't know." The truth was, I'd only been dating Emily a few months and I already knew I couldn't say goodbye to her.

I tried to keep Emily relaxed as she drove, but I knew how upset she was. Noah fell asleep before we even left town, so most of the ride was quiet. I wished I could just take over the driving to let her sleep.

I'd had my hand on her leg for a while and went to move it.

She placed her hand on top of mine to stop me. "No, don't. I need to feel your touch right now. It's what's keeping me from breaking apart. I don't know what we'd do without you, Jake. You're my rock." She glanced over at me for a second as she said it before returning her eyes to the dark road.

There was something about those words, something on her face. I turned around and watched Noah sleep. I already knew it, but holding Emily's hand and watching Noah solidified it all for me. I needed them in my life forever.

Chapter Twenty-Eight

Emily

I couldn't have made the drive without Jake. I would have tried, but I probably would have stopped somewhere along the way. Having the conversation I needed to have with my dad would be hard. Doing it knowing he had almost no time left would be nearly impossible.

Mom greeted me with a hug. She didn't let go for a minute, and I was once again grateful for Jake. He carried a sleeping Noah inside.

Mom let go of me long enough to notice we weren't alone. "Hi, you must be Jake."

"Hi, Mrs. Taylor. I'm so sorry about what you're going through."

She sighed. "Thank you for coming up with Emily. I felt better knowing they weren't on the road alone."

"Is there anywhere I should put him down?" Jake adjusted Noah in his arms.

"Of course. I still have the crib set up in Noah's old room." I led Jake upstairs, pausing for a second in front of my parents' room before continuing down the hall. I kissed Noah before Jake set him down. We left the room, closing the door behind us.

"Emily, can you come here for a second?" Mom called from downstairs.

Jake put a hand on my arm. "I'll get our stuff from the car. Which room are we in? Or do you want me to stay on the couch or something?"

"No. I need you with me. My room's that one." I pointed to my door.

"Okay, go talk to your mom." He kissed me, before walking downstairs.

I was glad Mom wanted to talk first, because I certainly wasn't ready to talk to Dad yet. Not that he was awake. It was after two a.m.

"I'm so glad you came. Your father needs this. You need this."

"I know." That's when the tears started. I wanted to be strong for Mom, but I couldn't be.

I heard the door swing open and closed as Jake brought in our stuff.

"He seems nice."

"He is. He's wonderful."

"And he's good with Noah." She smiled. Mom had been really supportive when I'd finally told her about him. She said she hadn't heard me so happy in years.

"Noah can't get enough of him."

"I'm glad you've found someone."

"Me too." I still couldn't believe I'd gotten so lucky.

I sat with Mom for a while longer before heading upstairs. She decided to stay up a little later. I had a feeling she wouldn't be going to bed at all. The light was on in my room, but it was empty. I glanced into the bathroom, but that was empty too. I was about to go back downstairs, when my parents' door opened and Jake walked out.

"Jake? What were you doing in there?"

He closed the door and walked into my room. I followed.

When we walked inside, he closed my door. "I heard your dad calling out for Noah. I assumed he was confused and was asking for your brother..."

"Oh..."

"I was going to get your mom, but I heard you guys talking. I looked in to see if he was okay."

"Was he awake?"

"Yeah. He asked who I was." Jake smiled. "We had a long talk about football. I think I won him over when I told him I coached it now."

"Won him over?"

"He wanted to make sure I was good enough to date his daughter."

"Is he still awake?"

"No. He fell asleep while we were discussing the sorry shape the NFL was in."

I smiled. "Now that sounds like Dad."

"Do you want to try to talk to him, or wait until tomorrow?"

"I'll wait." I was too exhausted to see straight let alone have the hardest conversation of my life.

"All right, let's head to bed then."

"That sounds great." We dug out toothbrushes and changed. Twenty minutes later, I was curled up in Jake's arms.

***

"Dad?" I stepped into the room quietly. Mom said he was awake, but I didn't want to disturb him if he was sleeping. Jake was giving Noah breakfast, and I knew it was now or never.

"Come in, Emily."

I tentatively moved toward the bed. "Hi, Daddy." I tried to choke back the tears, but he looked so weak. He never looked weak.

"Daddy? You haven't called me that in years."

I smiled through the tears. "I know."

"You can at least sit down." He raised his hand to gesture to an empty chair.

I sat down on the edge of the chair.

"I met your boyfriend."

"What did you think?" I asked nervously.

"I like him. He's real, and he cares about you."

"And he coaches football..."

Dad smiled. "That too."

I couldn't hold back any longer. I scooted my chair closer. "I'm sorry, Dad. I'm sorry I didn't listen to you. You were right about Tim. You were right about everything, but I was too stubborn to admit it."

"I wish I wasn't right. I just wanted what was best for you."

"I thought marrying Tim was the right thing to do. That's what you're supposed to do if you get pregnant."

"Sometimes doing the right thing means doing what some people might consider wrong." Dad always gave advice like that. He sounded like a sage, but really it's just the way he viewed things.

"I love you." I got up and wrapped my arms around his neck.

"I love you too, Emily. I love you too."

I cried. I cried, and I cried. I cried for all the time I'd wasted, all the chances we gave up just because we were both too stubborn to apologize.

He patted my back, and I sat back down.

"I raised you to be strong, and I'm so proud of you. But I also want you to know it is okay to lean on someone sometimes. It's okay to need someone."

I nodded. "It's so hard, Dad. It's so hard. I want to be the perfect mom for Noah, and I don't know what to do half the time."

"First of all, you can't be perfect. Give that up now."

I laughed. "Okay."

"You're going to make mistakes, just don't be afraid to move on from them." He paused for a moment. I think he needed to catch his breath. "Don't forget about your own happiness. That's just as important to Noah as anything else you do."

I nodded.

"You had to grow up fast, and I don't just mean when you got pregnant. Your brother's death hurt us all, but I don't think I gave you enough support. You got through it though, just like you got through Tim's death. But you're not just getting through with Noah. You're thriving. Your mother and I are so proud of you."

"I should let you go back to sleep." I kissed his forehead and walked out of the room. Mom was waiting out in the hall. She gave me a huge hug before walking into the room. I went downstairs and found Jake and Noah playing with the dog. I stopped by the stairs, just watching them.

Noah turned and saw me, running into my arms. I held him close, reveling in how good it felt to have him in my arms. Jake joined us, hugging us both. I'd never felt so lucky before.

***

Dad was stable, and Mom insisted we go down to Clayton Falls to spend Christmas with Jake's family. I argued at first, until I realized she wanted time alone with him. With a heavy heart, I said goodbye to my dad knowing it was probably the last time I'd get the chance to. Jake held my hand the whole way home. I didn't have to say anything, he knew I needed it. Saying goodbye to Dad was hard, but finally talking to him about everything was like having a weight removed from my chest. I could finally look back at the good memories, remember the amazing father I'd grown up with.

I'd never spent Christmas outside of Ridgeview. Even in all the chaos of Tim's death, I'd made it home. I expected Christmas Eve to be depressing, but Jake made sure it wasn't. We went to dinner at his parents' house before we came home to decorate the tree. We hadn't had time to do it before leaving for Ridgeview. Noah and I hadn't officially moved in, but we had enough there that it really did feel like home. Jake and I stayed up late preparing everything for Noah before finally turning in well after eleven.

***

"Merry Christmas." I opened my eyes to find Jake watching me.

"Merry Christmas. How long have you been up?"

"A while. I had to make sure everything was ready."

"But we did all of that last night. The stockings, Noah's gifts-"

"But I had to get yours ready."

I sat up. "It's the kind of gift you had to get ready?"

"Look down."

I admired the necklace Jake had clasped around my neck. "It's beautiful." It was a simple chain with a small diamond on the end.

"I'm glad you like it." He shifted nervously. "But there's something I want to talk to you about."

"Okay."

He took both of my hands. "I know I haven't earned it yet, but one day I'm going to earn your forever, and Noah's too. I'm going to be the man by your side through everything, the one you come home to, the one you wake up with for the rest of your life."

"You've already earned our forever."

He smiled. "Good. That means I can give you the rest of your present."

I held my breath as he went down on one knee in front of me. He took my left hand. "You're my angel, my love, my everything. You make me a man I can be proud of, a man I never thought I could be. Marry me, Emily. Make me the luckiest person alive."

I could barely get the word out. "Yes." He slipped a ring on my finger before standing up and wrapping his arms around me. His lips crushed against mine, and I savored the feel, and the taste.

"There's still one more question."

"What is it?"

"I said I want both your forevers. I need Noah's too."

"Are you saying you-"

"I want to adopt him."

I nodded. "Yes." There was no one else who could possibly be a better father to my son.

"Just so you know, your dad gave me permission."

"What? You asked him?"

"There are some things I like to do traditionally."

"You asked him that first night, didn't you?"

Jake smiled. "Yeah. He asked if I was serious about you, and I told him as serious as I could be. It was the perfect time to ask."

I hugged him. "Thank you. Thank you for asking."

"Of course. Do you like the ring? It was my grandmother's. I'd be more than happy to buy you a new one, but when my mom showed me this last night, it just seemed like you."

"It's perfect." I ran a finger over the beautiful diamond and pearl stones. I loved that it was a family ring. There was nothing more important in life than family.

"Should we go find Noah?"

I nodded.

Jake took my hand, and we walked into Noah's room. He woke up when he heard the door open and leapt out of bed.

"Merry Christmas, baby." I picked him up and hugged him.

"Em, Noah, come here," Jake called excitedly.

"What?" I met him at the window. A light flurry of snowflakes fell from the sky. "It's snowing."

Jake smiled. "Let's get coats."

"We're in pajamas."

"So?"

I laughed and got Noah in his coat, putting on mine as well. We all walked out into the light flurry. It probably wouldn't amount to much, but it was still amazing to see.

"This has to be a sign. I can't remember it ever snowing on Christmas here."

"What's it a sign of?" I looked down at the sparkling ring on my finger.

"An incredible future."

Jake leaned down to kiss me, and I knew I'd be kissing those lips for the rest of my life.

