Chapter One

It all started with a drink. Okay, really it all started with me telling my boyfriend to go to hell, but I don't want to start there. I'd rather start with the part involving sex.

"I'd be careful with that stuff." A guy in a blazer and jeans gestured to my plastic cup. "You never know how much alcohol is in there."

"I've had plenty of vat drinks before. I can handle it." I sipped the drink, turning away from the guy. The only reason I was at the stupid house party was because my high school best friend dragged me. She thought I needed to stop feeling sorry for myself. She was probably right, but when you find out your boyfriend's been hooking up with his ex the whole time you've been together, it's alright to feel sorry for yourself, isn't it?

"Okay, just saying." Blazer guy sipped a beer and nodded at me.

I gulped down more of the sweet beverage. I could taste the alcohol, which meant that blazer's warning was probably spot on. "What am I even doing here?"

"I don't know... I don't even know you."

"What?" I turned back and blazer was still standing there. "I wasn't talking to you."

"Oh, so you're one of those Bluetooth people then?" He straightened, and I realized he was taller than I originally estimated.

"Huh?"

He shook his head. "You know. The people who have the wireless headsets in and always sound like they're talking to themselves."

"Oh. Yeah."

"I was kidding. I could tell you were actually talking to yourself."

Wow. Awkward. I took another big sip. "Yeah."

"Does that stuff even taste like anything? They have a better bar set up downstairs."

"It's too crowded down there." I'd brushed past the swarms of people and found the roof as soon as my friend, Gabriella, found some guy she liked. There was a couple making out, but otherwise the rooftop patio was empty. I looked down at the vacant boardwalk below as the last rays of sunlight disappeared over the ocean.

"I agree. That's why I'm up here."

I looked at the guy again. Despite his unfortunate taste in clothing, he was actually kind of cute. Not my usual type, but then again, a member of my type had taken my virginity, half of my college years, and torn my heart into shreds. Besides, talking to a guy couldn't hurt. "Are you from here?"

"Nope. You?"

"No, a few hours away. My friend dragged me down to stay with a few of her college friends."

"Cool." He finished his beer and set it down. "So, what's the verdict? Should I try it?"

"The vat? Sure, it's decent."

He reached around me and filled a cup. "If it's gross, I'm blaming you."

"Pressure."

He cracked a smile before bringing the red cup to his lips. "Decent. You're okay."

"What would have happened if it tasted awful?" I leaned back against the wall.

"Nothing, I guess. I would have just given you a hard time."

"Aren't you doing that anyway?" And like that, my flirting instincts kicked back in. They weren't gone even after years of letting them rust while dating Aaron. I polished off the first cup and filled another.

"What? This?" He shook his head. "This isn't giving you a hard time."

"Then what is it?" I turned my head slightly, offsetting my blonde, somewhat curly hair.

"It's making conversation with a beautiful girl I have no clue how to talk to."

I couldn't hold back the smile that begged to come out. "Oh yeah? I'm a beautiful girl?"

"I think you already know that." He took a seat on the cement floor. I still couldn't believe Gabriella was friends with someone who had a house right on the beach like this-or rather who had parents that did.

I shrugged, deciding to take a seat next to him. "I don't know about beautiful, maybe pretty."

"No, it's definitely beautiful." He smiled and looked out at the ocean. In the growing darkness, you couldn't see much, but the size and scope of the water was still clear.

"Well, you're hot."

He turned back toward me. "Hot?"

"Is there something wrong with that word choice?" I took another sip.

"No. Not at all." He held up his empty cup. "Want one more?"

If I'd been with Aaron, he probably would have cut me off, but Aaron wasn't there to tell me what to do anymore. "I'd love one."

Three cups and a few hours later, I'd learned a lot about Blazer. I knew he liked action movies, espresso, and wanted a pet. I still didn't know his name, but that detail didn't seem to matter.

He took a strand of my hair and studied it. "Is this your natural color?"

"Yes."

He dropped the strand. "I've never dated a girl with blonde hair."

"Well, you're not dating me."

He gently brushed his fingers down my bare arm. "No, but I want to kiss you."

"Then kiss me." I was used to pushy guys. The kind that knew what they wanted and took it.

"Okay." He smiled before leaning in.

The kiss was hesitant at first, the kind of kiss that gets your whole body excited because you know there's more to come. I waited-hoping he'd take it further. His hand slid just under the hem of my shirt, brushing against my skin. The touch was light, but it was still enough to get a response out of me. I moaned.

That must have been what he was waiting for. He deepened the kiss, pushing into my mouth with such force I was taken by surprise. I kissed him back, enjoying the sweet taste of his mouth, and the way his hand slowly inched its way up my stomach. Blazer moved from zero to sixty. I didn't mind it. I moved onto his lap, welcoming the arm he put around me to pull me closer. I wrapped my arms around his neck.

His hand moved higher, cupping my breast over my bra. I was drunk and hot, and so turned on I was going to lose it.

That's when the door to the roof opened. The loud laughter of a group of girls pulled me half out of my lustful stupor.

"Want to go for a walk?" His question was asking something else entirely. I knew that when I answered with an enthusiastic yes.

Blazer held my hand as we made our way through the crowds. I looked briefly for Gabriella, but I didn't see her. The normal Cara would have called her to tell her I was leaving with a random guy-but was Blazer random? We had chatted for hours already.

Before I could worry about it long, we were walking along the dark and nearly vacant beach. It was January on the South Carolina coast, and the crowds were months away.

"You never told me your name." He said it as a statement as he led me further away from the party.

"Cara."

"Hi, Cara. I'm Chase."

I smiled. "Isn't it a little late for introductions?" I stopped and turned toward the ocean.

"It's never too late." He drew something on my arm with his finger. The sensation felt good. I closed my eyes.

"You look so gorgeous. The moonlight, that look on your face."

I opened my eyes and his face was inches from mine. "If you've never dated a blonde, does that mean you've never had sex with one?"

"Why? Are you looking to change that?" His eyes were lidded.

"I'd like to." I slipped a finger into the waistband of his jeans.

"Should we go back to my hotel room, or do you have one?" He looked down. "I'm going to be honest here. I haven't done this before."

"Please don't tell me you're a virgin." That would be just my luck.

He laughed. "No. Not saying that at all. I just don't generally hook up with girls I've just met."

"At least you know my name."

"I do know your name, don't I, Cara?"

Something happened to me when he said my name. I needed him. I reached up again, wrapping my arms around him. I crushed my lips into his.

We came up for air only after ending up horizontal on the sand. He laughed. "Or we can just pick things up right here."

We were at the very end of the beach, half in the shadows created by the bright moonlight and the boardwalk. The thought of separating myself from this sexy guy didn't sound appealing. What did sound appealing was getting rid of that blazer-and his shirt.

I tried to slide the jacket off his shoulders, but it was impossible with him lying beneath me.

"There's something satisfying about watching a gorgeous girl struggle to undress me."

"You know what would satisfy me?"

"What?" His eyes widened.

"If you'd assist me in undressing you. This gorgeous girl only has so much patience."

"It says a lot that I'm getting half naked for you in fifty degree weather."

"I'm guessing you'd like to see me naked too?" I loved this surge of confidence. Maybe it was the vat, but it felt good, and I was taking it.

"Is that really a question?" He had already shed his jacket and was pulling off his white t-shirt.

"No. I can infer the answer from the location your eyes keep settling on."

He reached over and pulled my long sleeve t-shirt over my head. "Can you blame me? I haven't been with a blonde, and I haven't been with a girl with a set of breasts like yours."

"How would you know? You haven't even seen them yet." Teasing Chase came naturally. I'd never teased a guy. They were usually teasing me.

"That's a really good point." He reached around me and unclasped my bra before tossing it onto the sand.

For a brief second, I thought about the intelligence of what I was doing. Fooling around with a guy right out in the open was pretty crazy-but that's what made it so much hotter. Any doubts disappeared as he covered my breasts with his hand and mouth.

I moaned, leaning my head back in pleasure. The cold only made me more sensitive, and I couldn't get enough of his touch. He bit down lightly on my nipple before laying his head back to look at me. "Fuck, you're gorgeous." His free hand captured the breast his mouth had just released.

"You're not so bad looking yourself." I leaned down, tracing lines across his chest. He was muscular and toned in just the right way.

"I thought I was hot." He squeezed my breasts, as if to get my attention.

"You are. If you weren't, would I be lying here topless with you?"

"I don't know. Maybe you're not that concerned with looks."

"You think your sparkling personality is enough?" I worked on his belt and unbuttoned his jeans.

He grinned. "You think I'm letting you take that out in the cold?"

"Would you really say no to me right now?"

"I'd probably get in that water if it meant keeping you happy." He undid my button and zipper, brushing his hand gently across my cotton panties.

"Only probably?" I ran a hand through my hair, watching to see if that motion did its usual trick.

He moved from under me long enough to discard his pants. I took care of his boxer briefs myself. Before I could take care of my own remaining clothing, he had me pinned down on the sand as he slid them off me.

He kissed me hard on the mouth before moving his lips down to leave kisses all over my body. At the same time, his hand moved between my legs. A light breeze stung, but it was nothing compared to the sensation of his mouth and hand. I reached up and grabbed him.

"Don't read into the fact that I have a condom in my wallet." He fished one out and unwrapped it, all while keeping most of his body hovering above me to block the wind.

"We're about to have sex on the beach. I kind of assumed you had one."

His laugh died out as he kissed me again, this time with more hunger. "Here's to ending my blonde virginity." He thrust into me, and I gasped.

His lips moved to my neck as he continued to thrust. The sand was hard and uncomfortable beneath me, but I didn't care. All I cared about was the guy on top of me-and inside me.

"Chase." I tested out saying his name again now that I knew how it felt to have our bodies connected.

He grunted and continued to move faster and harder. I wrapped my legs around him, wanting him closer. I held onto his back with one hand while I buried the other in his dark brown hair. My body responded so well to his, everything felt hot and right, and then I felt out of control. I held on tighter. I'd never felt so aroused and euphoric in my life.

"Cara." He groaned my name before his entire body shuddered. He stayed on top of me for a second before rolling off.

"Wow." I quickly got dressed, unable to get the grin off my face. After a year and a half with Aaron, I'd never had sex that good. Chase was still lying on the sand watching me.

I bent down and kissed him on the lips. "Thanks, Chase. Great meeting you." I wasn't going to ruin a good thing by making him awkwardly attempt to let me down easy. I took matters into my own hands.

"Wait." He struggled into his clothes. "Aren't you going to give me your number?"

"Why?"

He buttoned his pants. "Because we just had sex. Hot sex might I add."

"Which is why we'll leave it that way. I'll always be your first blonde." I blew him a kiss before running back toward the party. I checked my phone. No missed call from Gabriella. Maybe she hadn't even noticed I was missing.

I walked back inside the house, hopping into line for the restroom. I was positive I looked like a complete mess.

"There you are!" Gabriella grabbed my arm and jumped into line next to me. "I've been looking for you everywhere."

I tried to compose myself. "Where's your friend?"

"Oh. He left. With someone else."

"That sucks."

"Yeah, but it's fine. I wouldn't want to ditch you anyway."

I looked away and smiled.

"What?" She pulled up her long dark hair into a bun.

"Nothing."

"Well, you seem better. Did the party work the way I thought it would? Did it show you there's life outside all that Greek crap you're into at school?"

"It's not crap. I love my sorority." Delta Mu and my sisters were the only things I had left at school.

"Fine. At least admit your fixation with frat guys is dumb. Especially that jerk you were with. There are so many better guys out there."

I tuned her out as we waited and thought about my hook up with Chase. Had I really just had sex on the beach?

Chapter Two

I put off returning to school after winter break for as long as possible. I also put off returning the phone calls from my two best college friends. They also happened to be my roommates, so avoiding them was going to be impossible once I got back to campus. I knew they'd be there for me, but the thought of facing them made my stomach turn. They were both dating my ex's frat brothers and that meant the next four months were going to be incredibly awkward. Thankfully Aaron, the ex, was graduating that May. Maybe I'd at least be able to enjoy my junior and senior years. I'd had the brief thought of trying to take a semester away and avoid him completely, but I'd missed the deadline to make that possible. Besides, I wasn't letting him scare me away from my friends and my life.

I waited until the last moment to pack up my stuff. Knowing my bags were still empty made school feel further away. I also quit checking my cell phone. I was done listening to Aaron's messages. The calls were still coming over two weeks after telling him to hit the road. It had also been two weeks since I'd had my impossible to forget experience with Chase.

"Honey, the reason you join a sorority is to help you through situations like this." My mother smoothed out my hair. She'd been a member of the same sorority I was in-Delta Mu. One of the reasons I'd gone to Harrison University was because I spent my childhood hearing about how amazing her sorority experience was there.

"I know, but how am I supposed to face him?" A few weeks before when I'd asked the same question, I'd cried. This time, I didn't. That was progress. Truthfully, I'd been in much better shape since my trip to the beach. The only problem was that I found myself thinking about Chase more than I wanted to.

"You hold your head up. You're a beautiful, smart, talented girl. You don't need someone like him. You deserve better, and you'll find it." From the expression on her face, she was thinking about herself more than me. She'd suffered a similar breakup in college just to meet my dad months later. She was definitely a firm believer in fate.

"It's only a few months." I said the words more for my own benefit than my mom's.

"Don't rush the time away. You're only a college sophomore once. Spend time with your friends, date other guys. Live it up."

"I know." I kissed her on the cheek. "I'll call you when I get in."

"Drive safe." She gave me another hug. I held onto her as long as I could.

"I will." I grabbed the last of my stuff and got in my eight-year-old CRV. It was time to face reality.

***

"Are you okay?" Juliet picked up her phone on the first ring.

"Yeah. I'm fine. I'm only about twenty minutes from campus." I turned off at the now familiar exit for Charleston, South Carolina.

"I've been calling you for weeks. I'm so sorry. Aaron is such a jerk ass."

"Jerk ass? That's a new one."

"It's good though, right?" Juliet always knew how to make me laugh. She had this sarcastic side to her personality that with most people I usually couldn't stand, but it completely worked for her.

"I think it's the perfect description for what he is." Or jackass, or biggest idiot in the world. I could go on and on forever.

"I've been so worried. When Reed told me..."

"I don't want to mess up anything with you guys. Please don't worry about it." Juliet and Reed were probably the cutest, most balanced couple I knew. She was so happy with him that I refused to get in the way.

"Mess anything up? Reed agrees Aaron screwed up big time, but he also said maybe it was for the best because you deserve better."

"Reed said that?" Juliet's boyfriend was a great guy, but he was also Aaron's best friend.

"Yes. He knows how amazing you are."

"I left some stuff in Aaron's room. Could you get it for me? I don't want to go over there or see his bed ever again."

"Already done. I wondered where your extra phone charger went."

I felt a weight lift off me. Getting my stuff was one of the things I was dreading most. "Thanks so much."

"Not a problem. I did it right after kicking him in the groin. Now that was the more fun part."

"What?" I nearly swerved into the shoulder of the road, but I corrected at the last second. "You didn't."

"Oh yes I did. And when he screamed like a baby, Reed told him to man up because his actions were anything but that of a man."

"Wow. Crazy."

"Mallory was mad I got to him first, but she did slap him."

I smiled picturing my other roommate pouting because Juliet beat her to the punch. "I have the best friends."

"Because you're a great one. I can't wait to see you. I promise it's all going to be okay." Juliet's words hit home even more than my mother's. Maybe it was because she was going to be there with me. Facing Aaron was going to be hard no matter how I did it, but it would be much easier to do with my friends at my side.

"I know it is, plus I did something crazy the other night. I have to tell you about it."

"Oh?" Her voice lilted. I had her attention.

"It involves a hot guy, and I don't even know his last name."

"Cara!" She shrieked.

"What? What did she do?" I heard Mallory in the background. I hadn't realized she was there, but I didn't mind. The three of us generally told each other everything. I hoped they weren't too annoyed at me for avoiding their calls for the past few weeks.

"I'll tell you guys later. I'll be there soon."

"Okay. See ya, Cara."

"We love you!" Mallory yelled.

I smiled as I turned toward campus.

Juliet and Mallory were waiting on the front porch of our sorority house when I arrived. A spot right out front was open-making me immediately suspicious. Suspicious or not, I wasn't going to pass by the space. Juliet ran down the steps and yanked open my door before I'd even cut the engine. "You're here!"

I unbuckled. "Who did you boot from this spot to save it for me?"

"No one. I left my truck there until you called." Mallory smiled. "That's why it was so easy to park. Your car's half the size of mine."

Without waiting, my roommates pulled out my bags from the back and started walking toward the house.

I grabbed my remaining bags and followed. I'd definitely over packed for the month long break. Juliet keyed in the code and held open the door.

We walked straight through the living room where I was given quite a few sympathetic looks from my sisters. Clearly, the news had spread. I smiled as brightly as possible and headed upstairs.

I followed the girls into our room. "Uh, what's that?" I pointed to a giant brown teddy bear with a blue bow lying on my bed.

"We figured you might need someone to cuddle with. He's cute, big, but he won't snore or come with any annoying baggage."

I laughed. "You guys are crazy."

"Yeah. Yeah. Now spill." Juliet sat down on my bed, snuggling my new bear against her.

"Hey. You have someone to snuggle with." I pulled it back and sat on my bed, leaning back on the pillows covered in pale pink pillow cases.

Juliet crossed her arms. "Fine, but tell us about this guy."

"This guy with no last name." Mallory sat down by my feet. She had her long brown hair pulled back in a braid. It was a different look for her.

"Love the hair, and he does have a last name, I just don't know it."

"And? What happened with this guy?"

I took a deep breath. "I had sex with him... on the beach."

"What?" They both shrieked.

Mallory's eyes gaped open. "Please tell me you used protection."

"Of course, and remember that you hooked up with Colt on a whim." I clearly remembered Mallory sharing the details of her one night stand. Of course, her hookup became a relationship and mine wouldn't. I hadn't even given Chase my number.

"I've known Colt forever."

"Don't bother starting in on Dylan." Juliet cringed when she said her ex's name. She'd hooked up with her long time crush while skinny dipping. My story may have even beaten hers.

"Well, I did it. The sex was incredible, and he was the complete opposite of my type, and I just walked away."

"And you're okay with that?" Juliet turned to look at me.

"Yes. He asked for my number, and I said no."

"Wow. That's really not like you." Juliet messed with her chipped nail polish.

"Guys, it was good. It was exactly what I needed. I made such a big deal about losing my virginity to Aaron, but now he's not the only guy I've been with. It's better this way. Sex doesn't have to be the big deal I made it."

Mallory and Juliet exchanged a look.

"So who wants dinner?" I wasn't about to let my friends rain on my parade. I'd done something absolutely crazy, and I felt good about it. Who cared that I'd thought about Chase every day since, or that he was now in my dreams?

"Do you want to go out or would you rather we ordered in?" Mallory gave Juliet another look.

I knew what her question was really asking. "I'm not going to hide out in my room for the next four months. He's the jerk who's been sleeping around on me."

Mallory paled. "Of course. That's not what I meant. I just didn't know if you'd feel like going out."

I sat up. "Let's go to Al's."

Juliet gave me a 'you've lost your mind' look. "To eat? You want to eat at Al's when you're sober?"

"You guys do serve pizza there." The pizza place that Juliet worked at and Reed managed was notorious for its awful pizza but great beer. It was also a go-to hangout, and there was a good chance a bunch of Kappas (i.e. guys from Aaron's frat) would be there.

"Okay, I get what you're doing." Juliet stood up. "I know you want to show the Kappas you're not afraid. That's great. Absolutely great, but couldn't we at least eat somewhere else first and then go out for beer?"

"Yeah. That's a great idea." Mallory nodded enthusiastically. "We could even just grab something at the student center."

"Nope. We're doing this."

"Let it be known that I'm only doing this because I love you." Juliet zipped up a hoodie sweatshirt. January evenings in Charleston often dipped down into the forties.

"If it's good enough to serve to paying customers, surely you can handle eating a slice tonight." I decided to forego a sweatshirt. My cable knit sweater would do the trick. If there was a chance I'd run into Aaron, I wasn't going to do it looking frumpy. He needed a reminder of what he'd lost.

The walk over to Al's was short, but it felt longer than usual that night. A mix of nerves and the cold made every step seem difficult.

"He might not even be there." Juliet looped her arm through mine.

I leaned into her side. I may have had a jerk ass for an ex-boyfriend, to use Juliet's term, but I had awesome friends. "He finally stopped calling, so I'm guessing he got the hint."

"It was either that or the nut shot from Juliet." Mallory looped her arm on my other side. "Reed had better be careful not to piss her off."

I smiled imagining Juliet's ninja moves. "You guys should have heard the first few messages. He didn't even try to deny it. Instead he tried to rationalize it."

"Rationalize it how? How could he possibly explain that?" Mallory scrunched up her face.

"Oh, Aaron tried. First it was all her fault, she just wouldn't stop pushing him. Then there was the 'we have history' excuse, and then finally the best one: it's good you caught me. Now we can move on."

Juliet stopped short. "He didn't. He actually said that?"

"He did. He actually thought I'd want to stay with him."

"Arrogant prick." Mallory started moving again which meant we all did.

"I don't want to see him, but I know it's bound to happen. I still don't know what I'm going to say to him."

Juliet held out her hand palm up. "Just tell him to go fuck himself."

"Juliet!"

"What? It's not like he's going to be getting any action."

"He will if he wants." I pulled my arms back and crossed them over my chest. I regretted my decision to leave my sweatshirt at home. "Plenty of girls like him." I'd had to swallow down my annoyance at girls throwing themselves at him more than a few times.

Mallory laughed, and I knew something was up.

"What? What did you guys do?"

"Who us?" Juliet gave me a sheepish look. "Nothing."

"Out with it." I didn't care what they did, but I still needed to know.

"Well, you know how I'm on Panhel this semester?" Mallory asked.

"Yes." Over winter break, Mallory had accepted a spot on the Sorority Council.

"I may have accidentally let it slip that he was a cheating bastard with a small dick, and the rest of the girls may have spread the word to their houses too."

"What?"

"Yeah... he's not getting sorority action any time soon at least. The combination of being unfaithful and having a small penis isn't a good thing for a guy."

"But he doesn't have a small-"

"And you're going to keep that detail to yourself." Mallory hugged me from the side. "He deserves this."

"I just want him out of here. Can't he graduate early?"

"It's going to be okay. You'll show him whose turf this is and you'll be fine." Juliet took my hand. "Let's go eat some really bad pizza and try to drown out the taste with beer."

"I love you, girls."

"Yeah, we love you too." Juliet opened the door to the empty restaurant.

"Hey, ladies." Reed greeted us with a smile as we made our way over to him. He didn't usually work the counter, but some of his staff must have still been home on break.

"Hey, Reed." I took in the tall, broad frame of Juliet's boyfriend. He'd let his brown hair grow out a little since I'd last seen him.

"How are you doing, Cara?" He smiled. It wasn't a sympathetic smile. It was just a smile, and I appreciated it.

"I'm doing pretty well thanks to these gals." I did my best to smile back.

"Anything I can get you girls?"

"A large cheese pizza and a pitcher." Juliet grimaced when she ordered.

"You actually want pizza? Have you guys been drinking already?"

"They're doing this for me." I rested a hand on the counter. "Just put the order up."

"Okay, if you say so."

We found a booth, and I slid in. Mallory sat next to me, probably leaving Juliet's side open in case Reed decided to sit with us for a little while.

I needed to make conversation that didn't involve Aaron. "So, how's Colt?"

Mallory smiled. Bringing up her boyfriend always had that effect. "He's good. He's going to the movies with some of his friends tonight."

I felt a twinge of guilt. I had the feeling he was only with his friends because Mallory told him she had to be around for me. That was fine for a night, but it couldn't continue for long. I refused to mess anything up for my friends and their boyfriends. I had to make them understand I didn't expect them to change their life because of me. The funny thing was, I'd pushed both of them to start dating Kappas. I'd wanted us to all have boyfriends in the same house. We hadn't even had a full semester that way.

I sighed.

"You okay?" Mallory asked.

"Yeah, please don't worry."

"Of course we're going to worry."

The door jangled and my chest clenched. In theory, I wanted to face Aaron, but the thought of actually doing it terrified me.

"It's not him." Juliet pulled a few napkins from the dispenser.

"Okay, thanks." I let out a sigh of relief.

"Here you go." Reed set down a pitcher and three plastic glasses on the table. One of the best parts of going to Al's was that we never had to worry about being carded. We also didn't usually have to worry about paying for the beer. He bent down and kissed Juliet on the cheek. "I'll go check on the pizza."

Juliet poured each of us a cup before raising her glass in a toast. "To our amazing and resilient friend, Cara. May she meet Mr. Right soon."

I smiled, sipping the drink. I appreciated the sentiment, but I wasn't interested in finding Mr. Right. I had no interest in getting burned ever again. I had another fleeting thought of Chase. The best part of that hookup was that it would always stay perfect. Even if he'd slept with another girl ten minutes later, I'd never know. I could pretend he was as perfect as I wanted him to be, and that I was as perfect and gorgeous as he thought I was.

***

Aaron never showed up at Al's that night. As hyped up as I was about facing him, I couldn't deny some serious relief at avoiding the confrontation. Saying I was over what he did was easier when I didn't have to worry about seeing his face.

"Have you had enough crappy pizza yet?" Reed asked. He'd come to sit with us once a few of the other employees showed up at work.

I'd stopped at half a slice. I'd have to scrounge up a snack before bed. "Yeah, I'm probably ready to head home soon." I knew falling asleep easily was out of the question, but I needed to try. I hadn't slept in my own bed at school more than a handful of times that year.

"All right, want to walk us home?" Juliet leaned into Reed.

"Oh, you girls don't have to stay at the house." I knew they'd prefer to stay with their boyfriends. I finished off my first cup of beer.

"We don't have to, but we want to." Mallory squeezed my hand. Her boyfriend, a freshman, had taken over a vacant room at the Kappa house. I was pretty sure the only reason he had traded his dorm for the frat house was so he could have Mallory stay over with him.

Reed put an arm around Juliet. "I'm willing to give Juliet up for a while since it's for a good cause."

"But it's not a good cause." I nudged Malloy so she'd let me get up. "I want to be alone tonight anyway."

Mallory blocked my exit. "You stayed back at the house last semester when I needed you."

"This is different. I want to be alone."

"No, you don't."

"I do. Please, guys." I hoped they heard the desperation in my voice. Seeing them there would just remind me that they weren't with their boyfriends-their caring boyfriends who weren't screwing their ex's.

"Please."

"At least let me walk you home." Reed's eyes were so kind. I could tell how much he hated the awkward situation he was in. Being stuck between your best friend and your girlfriend's best friend couldn't be fun.

"Fine, if you don't mind."

"Of course he doesn't mind," Juliet quickly answered. "And I'll be back before class tomorrow so we can walk together."

"What do I have to do to prove to you guys that I'm okay?"

"Stop pretending to be." Mallory put a hand on my arm. "You're allowed to be upset. You're supposed to be upset."

"I'm more numb than anything."

"That's normal too." Reed smiled. He was trying really hard.

"Maybe once classes start tomorrow things will feel more normal."

"I bet they will. You'll get used to being back." Mallory didn't sound very convincing.

"Guys, I'm fine."

"You're fine? You had sex with a random guy on the beach. That's not fine." Juliet put a hand over her mouth.

"Uh... should I not be here?" Reed looked between Juliet and me.

I swallowed hard. "I have no regrets."

"Which scares me." Mallory reluctantly slid out of the booth.

"I needed to live. I needed to feel alive. What's so wrong with that?" I could feel tears stinging behind my eyes. I needed to get away. I'd thought I could handle being back on campus, but now I was starting to doubt it. There was only one thing that was going to take my mind off Aaron, and that involved getting back to my room.

Reed rested his elbow on the table. "Juliet, you're in charge. I'll walk Cara home and be right back."

"Does that mean I'm supposed to stay too?" Mallory asked.

"Yes." Juliet grabbed Mallory's arm. "We love you, Cara. Try to get some sleep."

I forced a smile and headed for the door.

Reed caught up with me before the door closed behind me. "This situation sucks."

"Yeah, it does."

"But maybe you need to look at it differently. Maybe you're lucky."

I turned to look at him. "Lucky? I can't wait to hear this."

He stuffed his hands in the pockets of his pants. "Just that you found out now instead of months from now."

"Did you know?" I asked in barely a whisper. I'd have never asked in front of Juliet.

"No. I'd have made him tell you." Reed was telling the truth. He was just like that.

I nodded. "I figured that much, but I had to ask."

"So, who'd you have sex with on a beach?"

We turned onto my block. "You can't ask me that."

"Why not? We've known each other a long time."

"You're Aaron's best friend." I sped up as we passed the Kappa house.

"We're friends too, aren't we?" He matched my pace.

I nodded. "His name's Chase."

"Nice. Just know that I'm here if you need a guy to talk to or anything."

I stopped short two houses down from mine. "Why are you being so nice?"

"Because you've always rooted for me with Juliet, you're an amazing friend to her, and I care about you. What Aaron did sucks. There's no way around that, but you're going to get over him eventually."

"I'm already over him." At least I wanted to be.

"You might not want to be with him anymore, but you can't push away over a year of memories that quickly."

"How'd you get so sage? You sound like you're forty."

"Too much time with my uncle, I guess." He cracked a smile. "You going to be okay?"

"Yeah. I'm fine." I started toward my steps. "Thanks for the walk home. Tell Juliet and Mallory good night for me."

"I will. See you around."

"See ya." I half waved before heading inside.

I made small talk with a few girls before finding my way up to my empty room. After a quick shower, I got changed and slipped into bed. I closed my eyes and thought about a sandy beach and a sexy guy I'd never see again.

Chapter Three

Juliet was true to her word, and she brought Mallory with her. They were back in the room twenty minutes before I had to leave for class.

"You guys didn't have to stop by here. I know it means you got up earlier."

"You're worth sacrificing sleep over." Juliet changed into a pair of jeans and a long sleeve t-shirt.

I was wearing something nearly identical. I generally dressed up more for class, but I wasn't feeling it. There didn't seem to be any point.

My change in class attire didn't go unnoticed.

"Didn't you pick up that new sweater dress right before break? Have you worn it yet?" Mallory shoved some books in her tote bag.

"Nope, but I'm not in the mood to dress up. We'd better get going."

"We have plenty of time." Juliet exchanged looks with Mallory. Had I been that way when they were going through issues? I hoped not.

"And before you ask, I'm not going on Thursday, but you guys should." I'd forced myself to forget about the Kappa mixer until I heard some of my sisters discussing it in the bathroom. There wasn't a chance I was going.

"Obviously none of us will go. Do you want to do a girl's night out? A movie night?"

"You guys both need to go."

Mallory shook her head. "Not a chance."

"You're going."

"Whatever you say." They exchanged looks again.

I slung my bag over my shoulder. "Are you both on the main quad?"

"Yeah. You're stuck with us for the whole walk." Mallory linked her arm with mine. "Whether you like it or not."

I laughed. "I like it."

We headed toward the academic quad, stopping to pick up some coffee on the way. I waved goodbye to both of my roommates before walking toward the doorway of the history building. I'd decided to add some European history into my schedule.

"Cara, hey." Aaron appeared out of nowhere, blocking my entry.

My mouth went dry, and I couldn't speak. My chest tightened in a painful way, and I just wanted to curl up in a ball and cry. I attempted to step around him. He reached for my arm, but I pulled it away.

He pretended not to notice the way I recoiled from his touch. "It's good to see you. I've been so worried."

Worried? I finally regained the ability to speak. "I have to go."

"Come on. Just give me a few minutes. We need to talk."

"I can't be late."

"Get off that, Cara. This is more important than a history class."

Something suddenly dawned on me. "How'd you know I had class here now?"

"That doesn't matter."

"Yes, it does." Annoyance and anger replaced the ache in my chest. "It definitely matters."

"I know people who work at the Registrar Office. You weren't answering my calls."

"I didn't answer your calls, so it seemed okay to show up outside my classroom?" Seeing him was even worse than I expected. The sight of him brought back all the hurt and anger tenfold.

A group of guys walked over, forcing Aaron to step back. I followed them directly inside.

"Cara, come on!"

I resisted the urge to turn back. There wasn't a chance in the world I was letting him make me late for class.

Aaron texted me while I was in class, telling me to meet him for lunch. I ignored it, relieved that the proposed meet-up meant he probably wouldn't be waiting outside the building. When I didn't show up for lunch, he'd hopefully get the clue that I wasn't interested in making up. He'd had his chance with me, and he blew it.

***

Aaron texted me three times when I failed to show up for lunch, but then the texts stopped. I took it as a sign that he was giving up, but I was still on my guard. Seeing Aaron sent such a surge of pain through me that I wasn't sure I could handle it happening again.

I made it through Wednesday and Thursday without seeing him again, but I knew I couldn't stay that lucky.

That night, I literally begged my friends to go to the mixer without me. I knew they didn't want to leave me behind, but they also didn't want to send their boyfriends to the mixer without them. They reluctantly agreed, but only after I promised them I had other plans. Of course, my other plans involved watching something on TV, but that was the same thing as meeting friends for coffee and dessert, right?

I waited until the house emptied out before heading downstairs to comb through the communal movie collection. When the last of the laughter died down, I made my move.

The house wasn't as empty as I thought. Mallory's little sister, Jade, nearly walked into me on my way down the stairs.

"Hey, why aren't you at the mixer?" I gave Jade a funny look. She didn't even live in the house yet, so why was she there?

"Because I'm going to a show tonight I refuse to miss. It's one of my favorite groups. I thought you might want to come with me." She held one hand out palm up as if in offering. I couldn't tell if she was inviting me along to be nice or because she really wanted the company. I had a feeling Mallory had called her.

"You have an extra ticket?" This all seemed way too coincidental. Had Mallory planned this all along? Clearly, they'd seen through my charade.

"I got two from the campus radio station. Now that I've got my own show, I get to take some of the tickets."

"So, I don't even have to pay for it?" Part of me searched for an excuse to get out of going, but another part liked the idea of doing something that didn't involve sitting around the house alone. Whether my roommates were behind it or not, maybe the show wasn't such a bad idea.

"Nope. Plus I'd be grateful not to have to go alone."

"What kind of music is it?" The ticket was free so I wasn't really going to argue, but it couldn't hurt to ask.

"It's indie-rock type stuff. More on the alternative side of things. The band's called Chance of a Lifetime."

Indie-rock group? I wasn't into music enough to know much about that scene, but the nice thing was I knew Aaron definitely wouldn't be there. "Do I need to change?" I glanced down at my pink Delta Mu tank top layered over a black tank top and paired with a jean skirt. The weather was a little bit cool for a skirt, but I was tired of wearing jeans constantly.

She shook her head. "It's going to be casual, so it's fine." Jade was wearing jeans and a fitted black t-shirt. She was one of those girls who pulled off casual classic perfectly.

"Okay, cool." I really wasn't in the mood to change. I really wasn't in the mood for much. Skipping the Kappa mixer was almost as hard as getting used to sleeping in my own room. Somehow I doubted Aaron was having the same problem. I obviously didn't want to go, but it felt so strange to miss it. It was just another reminder of how much of my life had been tied up with his.

We took a cab down to The Music Attic on Ann Street. Jade didn't have a fake, so we weren't going to be drinking, but finding parking didn't sound appealing either. Considering the tickets were free, I figured I could handle splitting a cab.

I'd never been out with just Jade before. She was Mallory's little sister, not mine, but she'd always seemed like a really sweet girl. Unusually quiet for a Delta Mu, she added some balance to a house full of extremely outgoing personalities. My own sorority little sister had decided to transfer schools, yet another disappointment to swallow over winter break. Hopefully she'd be happier going to school closer to home.

A line formed outside the front entrance of a building I'd have never believed was a club. It looked more like a stop on a historical tour rather than a concert venue, but that's the thing about Charleston. A lot of the city is old.

I gazed around at the line, unsurprised that I didn't recognize a single person. This wasn't really my scene. Besides, most of the line didn't seem like college students. There was something refreshing about the change.

We waited in line about fifteen minutes until we reached the small desk. "Hi, my name's Jade Cambridge and there should be two tickets here for me." Jade was way more in her element than I was.

"Okay, here you go." The guy taking tickets smiled at her. She smiled shyly and looked down. Interesting. I'd never seen a guy have that effect on Jade before.

I eyed the bar on our way into the surprisingly small space.

Jade must have caught me looking. "It's okay. You can get a drink."

"No, I'm doing tonight alcohol free. But I could use a water. Want one?"

"Sure."

Jade waited while I bought two bottles of water from a busy bartender.

"Now, where do we go?" There was open space in front of us and a staircase leading up to a balcony. The place was fairly empty, but we were early. My guess was it was going to be far more crowded by the time the show started.

"Are you up for standing?" She eyed my flip flops.

"Absolutely. I've never been front row at a concert. I might as well experience it."

"Okay, cool. The opening band is pretty cool too. It's a group of three sisters."

Opening band. No wonder the place was still nearly empty. Most people waited until closer to the main act to show up. "Oh, cool. I always think it's interesting when bands are made up of family members."

"The lead singer and drummer in Chance of a Lifetime are brothers. The other members are friends of theirs from college."

"It sounds like you know a lot about them." I twisted off the top of my water and took a long sip.

"Yeah, they're one of my favorites. My friend introduced me to them about a year ago, and I've seen them play a few times."

I followed Jade all the way up to the front of the room. We were literally standing right by the stage. "Cool." I glanced at my watch. It was show time, so hopefully the opening act would be on soon.

As if in answer, the lights dimmed. The screaming crowd got me excited even though I had no idea what kind of music this sister trio was going to perform.

The girls were dressed kind of punk rock, so the more alternative sound of the music surprised me. One sister each played guitar, keyboard, and drums, and they all sang.

It turned out they were pretty good. It was more chill than what I usually listened to, but the girls were pretty badass, which I could respect. Jade seemed somewhat into them, but I could tell she was just biding her time before the main act. I wondered if opening acts knew that, and if it bothered them. Maybe it was a rite of passage they didn't reflect on much.

Before long, the girls finished their set. The crowd thinned a little behind us, and I was positive the line to the restrooms was out the door. One of the benefits of not drinking alcohol was that I wasn't in that line.

After a set change and a quick sound check, the lights dimmed again and the crowd went wild. I looked back at the stage. Hopefully Chance of a Lifetime was even better.

I craned to see in the near darkness, then slowly the lights came up, and I needed to pass out. "Oh my god."

"What?" Jade grabbed my arm. "Are you okay?"

It was hard to hear her over the screaming crowd and the rushing in my ears. "What's the name of the guy holding the guitar?"

"That's Chase. He's the lead singer."

I groaned. Chase, as in blazer guy from the beach, stood at the mic. "Seriously? How is this even possible?"

"Hey, guys. Thanks for coming out!" Chase spoke and any doubts I could have pretended to have about his identity were officially gone. I'd never forget that sexy voice, or the body that went with it.

"It's possible because he can sing..." Jade yelled to be heard over the music that had suddenly started.

"I slept with him," I shouted. I'm not sure why I even admitted it.

"What? You slept with Chase Denton?" Her eyes nearly bugged out of her head.

Thankfully the music drowned it out for everyone near us.

"So, that's his last name... yeah, we hooked up on the beach over break."

"I don't even know what to say." She looked at me like I'd just admitted to having super powers or something.

"I was upset and drunk, and he was sweet."

"Have you heard from him since?" She finally released my arm. "How did you not realize who he was?"

"I wouldn't give him my number, and I don't know. It didn't come up." I turned back toward the stage. Despite my nightly dreams, I'd started to forget some of the details of his face. Seeing him again flooded me with memories of our steamy and nearly magical night in the sand.

Jade watched me. "Wow, we should talk to him after this."

"I bet he doesn't even remember me." He'd been drunk that night too.

The first song finished. "I thought you guys might want to hear some of the new stuff we've been working on. This one's called Sex on the Beach."

The crowd screamed, and a horrible thought hit me. Was it about me?

He grinned at the crowd's response. "And no, it isn't about the drink."

"Wait... you said you met him at the beach." Jade nudged me. I pretended not to hear.

Blonde haired vixen with that perfect smile

Dragging me backward all along

But I'd do anything to get you down in the sand

Won't you join me for some sex on the beach?

Chase looked out in the crowd, and his eyes suddenly landed on me. His face froze as he continued to play. A moment later he smiled.

Nothing off, nothing to hide

So young, so full of life

But I'd do anything to get you down in the sand

Won't you join me for some sex on the beach?

"This is one of those moments you're never going to forget," Jade said from next to me. I couldn't respond. I was too fixated on Chase.

She was right, but not for the reasons she thought. I was so embarrassed. A guy was on stage singing to a room full of people about having sex with me on the sand. Classy. Very classy.

Left so fast, barely got it right

Need some more. But no way to find you tonight

But I'd do anything to get you down in the sand

Won't you join me for some sex on the beach?

His eyes never left my face, and I swear he licked his lips as he took me in. I thought I'd get a reprieve from the intense stare after that song, but no. He sang the next one looking at me, and I felt like my whole body would melt.

After giving me a break from his stare for one song, it was one about a broken heart, he turned back, and watched me for the remainder of the set. I barely moved an inch as I waited for the second set. On one hand, I wanted to run away, but I also wanted to see and hear more. I was enthralled with the music-and watching this completely different side to Chase. Memories of our night together flowed through me on repeat as I watched the shorter second set. I was both disappointed and relieved when it was over.

The crowd cheered and chanted, and I grabbed Jade's hand, ready to bolt.

"Play Lake House!" The crowd screamed.

He shook his head. "Not tonight, guys." He glanced at me. Was he really in that much of a rush?

He was about to walk off the stage when he looked right at me again. "Don't run off on me again." He pointed at me.

Everyone nearby in the audience stared and my stomach dropped. This wasn't happening.

"So... I'm guessing he remembered you." Jade laughed.

"Oh yeah, because this is hilarious." I wasn't sure how I felt. A part of me was flattered, but the rest of me was embarrassed and freaked out. What was I going to say to him when we came face to face?

"It is." Jade straightened out her long brown hair with her fingers. "Only you would sleep with a guy like Chase and have no idea who he was."

"Only me?"

"Okay. Maybe that's a little bit of an extreme, but there are hundreds of girls in this room that would pay for that opportunity-and you didn't even realize you'd had it."

I arched an eyebrow. "Are you one of those girls?"

"No. I'd probably pick his brother." She gave only a tiny smile.

"Oh, you're into drummers." Push it off me and onto her. That was usually a good way to handle a situation like the one I was in. The problem was the situation was about to get worse. The crowd opened up to allow Chase to reach us. My stomach churned.

"Cara...wow. I never expected to see you here." Chase stopped inches from me before stepping closer and pulling me into an awkward hug.

"Don't you mean you never expected to see me?" I'm not sure where the iciness in my voice came from. I stepped out of his embrace even though there was some comfort there I didn't want to admit to.

"Hey, I'm not the one who refused to give you my number." He stayed closer than he needed to.

I shrugged. "I'm surprised to see you too."

"Did you know who I was?" A note of suspicion entered his voice. What nerve.

"No. She had no clue." Jade jumped in. "You should have seen her face when she saw you up there. I thought she was going to pass out."

Chase laughed. Why was his laugh so sexy? I was supposed to be angry at the insinuation that I was a groupie or something. "Oh yeah?" He held out a hand to Jade. "Chase Denton."

"Jade Cambridge. I'm a big fan."

"I'm guessing Cara isn't."

"I enjoyed the show." I wasn't going to just stand there and let them talk like I wasn't there.

Chase's eyes moved down to my chest and then back to my face. "I'm guessing you're not just a Greek aficionado?"

"Oh. Yeah." I remembered the tank top I was wearing. "My sorority."

"Sorority, huh?" He seemed to ponder my words for a second. "I didn't realize you were in college-let alone a sorority."

"Well, I didn't know you were in a band."

Jade laughed. "Funny how much you can learn about someone after you've had sex."

I glared at her, but Chase laughed. "Wait a second. Cara told you?"

I fought the urge to bury my face in my hands. This wasn't the time to let embarrassment get the best of me.

He smiled. "Does that mean you cared enough about what happened to share the story with your friends?"

I was about to correct him since I'd only told Jade when I saw him, but I had told my roommates. "Maybe."

"If it makes you feel better, I told my friends too." Chase had this awkward cuteness about him that drew me in again.

"Well, nice to see you again." I turned to leave, hoping Jade would get the hint.

"Wait." The determined tone to Chase's voice had me turning around. "You two should hang out with us."

"We'd love that!" Jade answered for both of us before I'd even comprehended the thought of spending more time with him.

Chase looked between us. I'm sure I looked like I was going to kill my friend. "Awesome. I just need to find my bandmates and get a few things. Why don't you wait-" Then he looked at me. "On second thought, why don't you just come with me?"

"Don't trust me?" I stared him head on.

"It's more that I'm glad to have run into you again." He held out a hand and then dropped it. I guess the situation was weird for both of us. He started moving toward the stage.

"How fast did you run away from him that night?" Jade hissed as we followed him backstage.

"I kissed him goodbye before he was dressed."

"Cara!"

Jade's response had Chase turning back to look at us.

I waited until he was a few feet ahead of us to respond. "What? I've never just hooked up with someone before. How was I supposed to know the proper protocol?" I smiled imagining an actual list of protocol on one night stands.

"Well, clearly you made an impression. He's bringing us backstage." Jade bounced up on her toes. I reminded myself that I was doing this for Jade. She'd be disappointed if she didn't get a chance to meet the drummer. We walked around the backstage area until we reached the door to what I assumed was a VIP room. The rest of the band, as well as a handful of other people, were all crammed into the small space.

All eyes turned toward us when Chase pushed open the door. Hopefully Chase wasn't serious about having told his bandmates about me. The song was bad enough.

"Already found some new friends?" the drummer asked without getting up from the couch.

Chase stepped back and put an arm around me. "Guys, this is Cara."

"Wait, the Cara? Miss Fuck and Run?" The one female member of the band's jaw dropped. I wanted to fall through the floor. Fuck and run?

Jade laughed nervously behind me. I didn't say a word. This was all Chase. Maybe he was purposely trying to embarrass me.

"Wow, you do exist." The drummer got up and walked over then held out his hand. "Nice to meet you, Cara."

I returned the hand shake and went through the motions of a greeting even though I wanted to be saying goodbye. "Same to you."

"And who's this?" He turned his attention to Jade.

I nodded at her. "This is Jade."

"Lovely to meet you." He kissed her hand. I wanted to gag. Who were these guys? "I'm Len."

"I know who you are." Jade's voice sounded more like the one I knew. She was nervous around this guy.

"Oh yeah?" He smiled at her in a way that I think was meant to be disarming, but it seemed to have the opposite effect on her.

A look of panic crossed her face before she took a deep breath and returned her expression to normal. I needed to remember that trick.

"Cara and I have some catching up to do, so they're going to hang out with us." Chase gave all his bandmates a look, including the one who hadn't spoken.

"She does have nice tits." The previously quiet bassist looked at me, and all I could do was step away from Chase and cross my arms over my chest.

Chase gave me an apologetic look before shaking his head at the guy. "Uh, thanks for that, Zach."

"Is that a sorority shirt?" the girl asked. "You hooked up with a sorority girl, Chase? This is too awesome."

Jade stepped around me. "Hey, I'm a sorority girl too. Quit with the stereotypes." Jade seemed a lot like me. It was easier to stand up for your friends than for yourself sometimes.

Len looked between us. "I don't have any problem with sororities. Attractive girls aren't a bad thing."

"I don't have a problem with them either." The girl smiled. "But would you have ever expected Chase to sleep with one?"

At least she'd switched out fuck with sleep with. I definitely preferred that.

Chase put his arm around me again. "Don't listen to Jessa. She doesn't think before she talks."

Jessa crossed her arms, causing a bunch of bangle bracelets to clang together. "It was more a statement about you than her."

"Okay. If this is going to be an issue, I can just go." I tried to pull away, but Chase tightened his hold.

"There is no issue here."

"Chase here seemed to think you had no clue who he was. If that's true, then how'd you end up at this show?" Len asked with a smile. He was enjoying the situation more than anyone else.

"Jade dragged me."

The whole band laughed.

Len leaned toward me slightly. "Then this is either a giant coincidence or fate."

"Fate?" Jessa groaned. "Please."

"Come on. Chase gets it on with a girl who flees like freaking Cinderella at midnight. She pulls him from his writing funk, but that wears off after a few songs. Now he found her again. This is perfect."

"I'm not using her to help me with my music." Chase looked me straight in the eye. "Don't listen to him."

"That song was obviously about her." Jade looked between us. "Is that what you mean about pulling him out of his funk?"

"Yeah. He stayed up all night writing after she ran off."

"That's pretty cool, Cara. You have to admit that." Jade eyed me. She must have realized I was completely ready to bolt. With everything going on with Aaron, I wasn't sure how much more drama I could take.

"It would be if I actually thought I had anything to do with it. It was the hook up that did it, not me." My ability to handle embarrassment had officially hit its limit, and I slipped out of Chase's arm. I headed back the way we came.

"Cara, come on, wait." Jade followed me. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw her hold up her hand to tell Chase to wait. I didn't stop until we were well out of earshot right near the stairs.

"Listen, I don't want to ditch you, but I'm not putting up with that embarrassment. That girl said I did a fuck and run. You know it's been a rough few weeks for me already."

"I know, which is why you can't just run away from Chase again. Why not hang out with him and see what happens?"

Chase stood a few feet away watching us. I assumed he was deciding whether to intervene.

"Why not? He's just in town for this show, right? What good is going to come from putting myself through it?" I wrapped my arms around myself.

"Putting yourself through it?" She looked up at Chase and then back at me. "You really like him. You regretted running off. That's why this is hard for you. You think you're going to get hurt. That changes things."

I sighed. "Why does it change anything?"

"It's even more important you don't leave." She turned around. "Hey, Chase. Cara's fine. She just wanted to make sure I was really okay with hanging out tonight."

I groaned. Did Jade really think he was going to believe a word she said?

"Nice." He jumped down. "How would you like to get something to eat?"

"Just us?" I asked. Looking at Jade out of the corner of my eye.

"Jade is welcome to join us. I just thought I'd spare you from dealing with my bandmates right now."

I noticed Jade eyeing the stage. As frustrating as she was being, she was trying to help me. I might as well help her.

"Why don't you ask Len to come?"

Chase eyed me skeptically, like he was trying to figure out whether I was into his brother, until he noticed Jade's face light up. "Oh. Gotcha. Be right back." He headed back to the stage. He turned around at the last second. "You'll still be here in a minute when I get back?"

Jade waved him off. "I promise she'll be here." She waited until he disappeared to turn to me. "Thanks."

"Not a problem. At least one of us should have fun tonight."

"You'll have fun tonight." She nudged me. "If you liked him enough to sleep with him, in theory you should enjoy an actual date with him."

"This isn't a date."

"The guy asked you to go and get food. You've already had sex. It's a date."

Chapter Four

"All right, ready to hang out with my favorite sorority girls." Len put an arm around each of us. That lasted all of two seconds before Chase took my hand and tugged me away. I couldn't deny the feeling of warmth that came over me when Chase held my hand.

We walked away from the steps into the mostly empty main venue. A few groups of fans still stood around. I got the feeling they were hoping for a glimpse of the band.

"So, where to?" I tried to bite back the smile that wanted to come out as a group of girls stared at us with mouths agape.

"Do you guys need to get a car or anything?" Chase asked.

"No, we cabbed it." I was grateful not to have to worry about moving my car. I was nervous enough as is.

"All right. Let's walk down to King Street then."

"Are you from here?" I asked Chase. I didn't expect the guys to know Charleston at all.

Chase adjusted our hands. "No, but our older brother lives here. That's why we planned to spend the night in town before heading on to Charlotte. Sometimes it's nice to schedule in a decent night's sleep every once in a while."

"You guys have another brother? How did I not know that?" Jade was animated now. At least she had her confidence back.

Len looked at her. "Riley tends to stay away from us, unless of course we're in town. Then he puts us up at his place because he has no choice."

"Are you in town often?" As soon as I asked the words, I regretted them. I probably sounded like I wanted him to be, which would be bad. I was supposed to be the one who didn't even want to see him again.

"Every few months we come through," Chase answered. "Maybe more if I want to be though."

"Oh. Cool." More if he wanted to be? What did that mean?

I slid into a booth at one of the better diners downtown, and Chase slid in next to me. He didn't bother trying to leave the socially acceptable amount of space. He was close enough that his thigh touched mine. I had no room to scoot, so I tried to relax.

He put an arm around me after handing me a menu. "Do you know what you're getting?"

I set aside the menu. "Just a cup of coffee."

"Really? Coffee at eleven o'clock?"

"I can drink caffeine anytime. It never keeps me up."

"Interesting. I'm the same way." He ran his hands through my hair absently.

"What are you getting?"

"Pancakes." He dropped my hair and picked up the menu.

"Just pancakes?"

"What do you mean? That's better than coffee."

"I mean what kind?"

"Oh. Is there a type you'd like me to order? Maybe so you can steal a bite or two?"

I glanced across the table, but Jade seemed completely fixated on what Len was saying. I was glad neither of us had anything to drink earlier. At least we didn't need to worry about making drunken decisions-been there, done that.

I leaned into him slightly. "If you get chocolate chip, I might take a bite."

"Chocolate? You have a sweet tooth then. I guess I'm ordering chocolate chip pancakes."

"I never said you had to."

He brushed his lips against my ear sending a thrill through me. "I want to make you happy tonight, Cara. If making you happy involves ordering chocolate chip pancakes, I'm doing it."

"What if I wanted to make you happy?" Where was this flirtatious side coming from? It was like I couldn't resist him.

He set aside the menu again. "You already made me happy by agreeing to come out after the show. The fact that your hand is on my leg also makes me happy."

I glanced down. I hadn't realized I was doing that. "Oh, sorry." I went to pull my hand away but he stopped me.

"I just told you it made me happy and you're going to stop?"

"Sorry. Impulse response. I assumed it was sarcasm or something."

"Listen, I don't know who you've dated before, but if I tell you I like something, I like it. And just to make it even easier, I like when you touch me. So, you really can't go wrong as long as your hands, or other body parts, are on me."

"Other body parts?" I raised an eyebrow.

Just then, a waitress came over. Chase ordered right away. "We'll have two coffees and chocolate chip pancakes."

"Do you want a second plate then?" The waitress looked at me.

"Nope. We're great sharing from the same plate." He squeezed my hand.

Jade and Len both ordered dessert. She grinned at me from across the table.

I turned back to Chase, leaving my hand on his leg. "I told you I was going to take a few bites, not share it."

"I've never ordered for you. I thought I'd try it out."

"And how was it?"

"Pretty good." He settled his hand on my leg right where my skirt ended. "How did it feel to have me order?"

"Why do I sense some insinuation in those words?" I shifted, allowing his hand to slip under my skirt slightly. I closed my eyes. I wasn't allowed to enjoy the feeling so much.

"Because it's there. I've been thinking about you constantly since that night. I got kind of obsessive even. I found myself searching social media sites for girls named Cara."

I laughed. "Seriously?"

"Yeah. If you'd worn that shirt that night, it would have been a much easier process." His hand brushed against my chest with his exaggerated motion. Then his face got serious. "Have you thought about me?"

"Yes. A lot." If he was being honest, so could I. I mean, he was going to be leaving soon anyway.

A smile spread across his face. "Did you regret not giving me your number?"

"Yes. I thought I was being cool-doing the right thing. And I guess now that I know who you are, I did do the right thing."

He scrunched up his forehead. "Wait. What? Why does who I am change anything?"

"You're in a band. You probably have tons of random hook-ups. I was only memorable because I didn't give you my number." In his line of work, he probably had girls throwing their numbers at him.

"Hold that thought." Chase looked at his brother. "Len, could you help me out for a second?"

Len gave me a once over. "Sure."

"Would you describe me as the kind of guy that has so many hook-ups I don't remember the girls?"

Len laughed. "Not quite. He's the celibate of the group. Even Jessa gets more ass than him."

"Thank you. Now one more question. How would you describe my behavior after meeting Cara?"

"Meeting? Is that what you're calling it these days?" He wriggled an eyebrow. "But either way, he was half flying high and half freaking out."

"Thanks, Len. You can go back to bragging about how great you are to that poor girl."

Jade laughed. Clearly she wasn't bored with whatever he was saying.

Chase leaned in close again. "So, what were you saying? Why do I remember you?"

"I want you." Those were not the three words I meant to say.

"Blunt. I like it."

I wanted to disappear. "Sorry. I can't believe I just said that."

"And you said it while sober, am I right?"

"Completely." A drink would have been great to cut my nerves, but there was something nice about not having anything clouding my judgment this time. Chase was hard enough to resist as it was.

Our pancakes were delivered, and I bought myself some time, taking a bite.

"I want you too, and I'm sober."

I set down my fork. "Are you always this honest with girls?" I was used to forward guys, but they still usually beat around the bush more.

"Are you always this honest with guys?"

"I asked first." I took a long sip of water.

"I don't know. Sometimes."

Len laughed. I guess he was listening in. "In other words, he hasn't asked a girl to hook up with him in a while."

"Unlike Len, who's the expert on getting shot down."

I chuckled. "Wow, you guys are brothers."

"And bandmates. The combination leads to some interesting arguments." Len leaned back in the booth, slinging his arm around Jade.

I was curious what he was eluding to, but I let it go. "So, where in Charleston does your brother live?"

Len laughed. "Already thinking about how you're going to get Chase alone, huh?"

I could feel the blood rushing to my face. "No. Of course not."

"Of course not?" Chase leaned in to whisper in my ear. "Weren't you just telling me that you wanted me?"

"That doesn't mean that's the reason I was asking," I whispered back.

Len smiled. I sensed he heard every word we were exchanging. "He's downtown near the battery. He's got a place with his fiance."

"Nice. So, I gathered from what you said earlier, he's not a musician."

"No, he's a lawyer." Len polished off his pie and pushed the empty plate away. "At least one of us is making Mom proud."

I smiled. "I'm sure you all make her proud."

"Do you have any siblings?" Chase asked. It was the kind of question you'd ask when you first meet someone and not after you'd had sex, but better late than never.

"Nope, it's just me."

"An only child. Interesting." Len studied me.

"Why is that interesting?" I leaned back into Chase's arm. He squeezed my shoulder lightly so I looked up at him and caught a smile.

"I just think the number and gender of siblings in a family can say a lot about someone."

"What does having one sister say?" Jade asked.

Len smiled at her. "It says you know how to share, and you're probably competitive."

"Know how to share?" She gave him a skeptical look. "You better not be referring to what I think you are."

Len held up his hands in defense. "I just meant that you share toys well."

Jade shook her head. "Likely story."

"Hey, would you girls like to hear some of the new stuff Chase has been working on?" Len was asking us, but he was looking at Chase.

"That sounds great." Jade looked at me. "That is if Cara's up for it."

Chase looked hesitant until Len nodded toward me and Chase's expression changed. "I guess I could play something. What do you say?" His gaze was penetrating and impossible to avoid.

"Sure, why not."

"Awesome." Chase put down a few bills on the table to cover the meal, and we got up and headed out. I wasn't sure if heading back to some unknown apartment was the best idea, so I fell back on an old trick. I texted Mallory and Juliet. Hanging out with Chase, turns out he's the lead singer of Chance of a Lifetime. Jade's with me.

Of course, my phone immediately went off with reply texts from my roommates. At a party or not, they were worried about me and had their cells close.

I laughed at the What??? they both replied with.

I could feel Chase looking at my screen but didn't try to hide it. I'll call you later. I pocketed my phone.

"You think my name's enough that they'd be able to find you?" Chase's arm brushed mine as we walked down the dark street.

"It's a start." The truth was I trusted Chase. Maybe that would end up being a huge mistake, but at the moment I decided to follow my gut, and it was telling me that he wasn't going to do anything I didn't already want. I also sensed Jade knew what she was doing. If she ended up messing around with Len, it would be by choice. For the second time that night, I reflected on how glad I was that we hadn't been drinking.

Riley lived on the top floor of a renovated old house near Rutledge Street. I swallowed down some nerves as Chase pushed open the door. Would his brother think we were groupies? The thought made me sick. But then again, was I any better?

I glanced around the mostly open space. A small hallway shot off along the side.

"Hey, guys." A girl, probably in her early to mid-twenties, walked into the room. She was wearing yoga pants and a t-shirt, but somehow she wore them in a way that made them look like more.

"Hey, Rachel. This is Cara and her friend Jade." He specifically separated Jade's name from mine. Was he trying to get something across?

Rachel's face brightened. "Cara? As in the Cara?"

I assumed Rachel was Riley's fiance, and there was just no way Chase had told her about me. It had only been a few weeks.

"Yes, the Cara." Chase put an arm around me.

Len laughed. "And before you ask, no she didn't know who he was. Her friend's a fan and just brought her along tonight."

"Wow. Maybe it's fate."

She was the second person to use that word. I used to believe in fate. I'd thought that's what made me get picked for the hazing activity where I met Aaron for the first time. Considering how that relationship turned out, I was doubting fate's existence.

"And she's in the right house." Rachel gestured to my tank top. "I was Delta Mu at UNC."

"Wait, seriously?" I loved meeting other Delta Mu's.

"Yeah. Alpha Beta chapter." She turned to Jade. "Are you Delta Mu as well?"

"Yeah. I just got initiated."

"Chase dating a Delta Mu. Nice. Maybe you do have good taste." She patted Chase on the shoulder. "Let me get your brother. He's still working."

"Now?" Len asked. "It's after eleven."

"You know Riley." She rolled her eyes.

I smiled. I already liked the girl.

She walked off down the hallway.

Chase pulled me against his side. "Did you see that? I associate with sorority girls."

I pushed his side. "What you mean is your brother does."

"Hey, I like Rachel."

Chase and I followed the others into the living room. Jade and Len were already sitting on a red sectional couch. I took a seat on the other end, and once again, even though there was plenty of space, Chase sat down nearly on top of me. Either he didn't understand personal space, or he didn't care about it when it came to me. I had a feeling it was the latter, and I was perfectly fine with it. The feel of his leg against my bare skin constantly sent a thrill through me.

"So this is the famous Cara?" A guy who looked a whole lot like Chase walked in.

I scrambled to stand up and hold out a hand. "Hi, you must be Riley."

"Glad to know my brothers mention my existence."

"We talk about your graciousness at housing our sorry asses a few times a year." Len laughed. "This is Jade." He nodded toward where she sat nervously.

"Pleasure to meet both of you."

"I'm sorry if this is too late to be over," Jade quickly apologized.

"Not at all. I'm just getting some work done and Rachel's a night owl."

"It's nice to have company that doesn't relate to Riley's work for a change." There was something almost lonely about the way Rachel sounded that didn't quite fit with the outgoing personality she wore.

"Okay, just checking." Jade visibly relaxed.

"I'm sorry I didn't make it out to the show tonight, guys." Riley seemed to feel legitimately bad. "I had plans to, I even told Rachel to wait, but this is a crazy week at work."

"That's fine. You've seen us play enough to last a lifetime." Chase smiled reassuringly.

"I heard you've got some new material. Any chance I could get a preview?" Rachel set her doe eyes on Chase.

He laughed. "I did promise these girls I'd play something anyway."

"It works out great then." Rachel handed him an acoustic guitar.

He took the guitar and repositioned himself. This time, he left more room. I curled up my legs under me as he started to play. There was something mesmerizing about listening to him play completely acoustic. Without any other accompaniment, his gravely low voice took over. The emotion in his voice and the care with which he handled his guitar made my chest clench. I already knew Chase was attractive, and I'd seen him perform live at the show, but this was different. I found myself wishing it was just the two of us in the room.

I closed my eyes and tried to just live in the moment. I got so lost in the music that when he stopped playing, it was like he was jerking me back.

Riley laughed. "I think she liked it, bro."

I fought off the blush I knew was coming when I opened my eyes. What was I embarrassed of? They already knew I hooked up with Chase.

Jade glanced at her watch. "I hate to do this, but I need to go."

"Really? Already?" Len seemed disappointed.

"Now?" Chase sounded downright distraught.

"I've got my radio show at five a.m. tomorrow."

"You do college radio?" Riley asked.

"Yeah, I'm a freshman, so I have the worst possible slot."

Riley laughed. "Yeah, that was me too. Good luck with it."

I stood up and tugged down on my skirt. "Well, it was nice meeting all of you, and seeing you again, Chase."

"You don't have to come with me, Cara." Jade stared at me long and hard. "I'll get a cab, and you can do the same when you're ready."

"Are you right over on campus?" Rachel grabbed her keys. "Let me drive you."

I hesitated. It was already well after midnight. Staying behind made it highly likely I wasn't going home until the next morning. Did I want that?

Chase put a hand on my hip in a familiar way I wasn't expecting. Still, I instinctively leaned into his hold. "All right, but call me when you get in."

"I can say the same thing to you." Jade gave me a hug. "You need to give this a chance." She pulled back and walked to the door.

"See ya later." I waved.

After the door closed, Chase turned me so I was looking at him. "I'm glad you're not leaving."

"Me too." I pushed some hair behind my ear.

"So, Len, let's go hang out on the balcony for a little while." Riley grabbed Len's arm, and they left. Len winked at us as he walked out.

"Want to go for a walk?" Hearing those words brought me back to the night on the beach. The last time I accepted the invitation, I ended up having sex on the sand. Admittedly this time he was inviting me to move further away from his bed.

"Where do you want to go?"

"Just down to the water or something."

"All right." I grabbed my purse. I wasn't sure whether I'd be coming back.

We headed back downstairs and walked the short distance to the battery. We strolled in silence for a few minutes before settling down on a bench swing. Chase got us moving.

I wrapped my arms around my chest. The breeze from the water made the night even cooler. When I'd picked out my outfit, I hadn't been concerned about spending much time outside.

"Are you cold? Do you want to go back inside?"

"No," I answered completely honestly. There was something almost enchanting about the quiet evening. Being with Chase felt far more comfortable than I'd have ever expected.

"Are you sure?" He put a hand on my leg. The contact warmed me up.

"No, but leave your hand there. You're warm." Once again, I was forward with him. Maybe it was because we'd already had sex. That kind of intimacy changes people I guess.

"No problem." He moved his hand up and down my leg. The touch sent warmth far more places than just my leg.

We sat in silence again, as though neither of us wanted to break the spell of the evening. Eventually, he broke the silence. "Can I show you some things back at Riley's?"

I laughed. "Is that your way of getting me into a bedroom?"

"Technically, yes, but not for the reason you think."

"Then sure." Even Chase's touch couldn't keep me warm for that long. I accepted his hand, and we walked back to Riley's apartment. Warmth greeted me as soon as we walked inside, and I felt surprisingly few nerves as he led me down the hallway into a tiny bedroom which was filled almost completely with a double bed.

I sat down on the edge of his bed while he rifled through a duffel bag. "Here's my proof."

"Your proof?" I accepted the handful of plain white pages he offered.

"Yeah. You didn't seem persuaded by my sex on the beach song, but here's a bunch of other stuff I wrote after meeting you." He sat down next to me and took my hand. "I probably sound absolutely crazy and borderline insane, but I felt something that night, and it wasn't just good sex."

"So, the sex was good for you too?" I smiled.

"Very. A little sandy, but that kind of comes with the territory."

I rested my head on his chest. "We can't just have sex tonight."

"Technically, we could." He grinned. "But I think talking has to be high on the list."

"But what's the point? I mean, you're just going to leave. When do you leave anyway?"

"Tomorrow." He ran his thumb over my hand.

"Exactly my point."

"It's still worth it. Now that I actually know who you are and where to find you, it's much more likely I'll see you again."

"It might also help if you had my number."

"Yes, that would help." He fished his phone out of his back pocket. "What is it?"

I read it off to him, and moments later, my phone vibrated in my purse. I took it out to add him as a contact and to send quick texts to my roommates to tell them I was fine. Neither of them would be sleeping in our room that night, so they'd never know I wasn't there.

"Nice, you did give me the real number."

I pushed him playfully, which somehow ended up with me lying down on the bed with him next to me. "Of course I gave you the real number."

"I'm glad, because I didn't want to have to show up at your sorority house begging to see you."

"You'd beg to see me?" I slipped my hand under his t-shirt.

He closed his eyes. "That feels so good."

"That does? But I'm barely touching you."

"Image how good I'd feel if you were doing something more than barely touching me then." He raised an eyebrow.

"Then get your shirt out of the way." I leaned up and pulled his t-shirt over his head. I took in the sight of him shirtless. I'd only gotten a moonlight view last time, and he looked even better in the brighter light of the lamp. He wasn't diesel like Aaron, but I liked that. Chase clearly worked out, and every part of him was toned, but it wasn't over the top.

"Do I get to have you shirtless then too?" He pulled up on the edge of my layered tanks.

"I suppose it's only fair." I pulled both tanks off in one motion. Before I could contemplate taking off my bra, he had it unclasped and tossed to the edge of the bed with our shirts.

"I missed these." He cupped my breasts in his hands.

"You mean my nice tits."

He laughed. "I did not use those words."

"Oh yeah?" I ran my hand down his chest. "Then what words did you use?"

"I may have said something about perfect."

"Perfect? My breasts aren't perfect."

"Yes, they are." He lowered his mouth to one.

I closed my eyes, enjoying the sensation of his tongue gliding across my nipple.

"The perfect size-not too big, not too small." He squeezed both breasts. "The right shape, and they fit perfectly in my hands and mouth." He lightly nipped my other nipple with his teeth. "What isn't perfect about them?"

I was so turned on it wasn't funny. So much for not having sex. I reached down and undid his belt. He was sliding my skirt down my hips before I got to his button.

He hesitated with my panties, standing up to kick off his pants and boxer briefs before sliding my pink polka dot underwear off.

"I wasn't expecting anyone to see me in my underwear tonight."

"That makes me very happy." He sat down next to me, letting his eyes rake over me. "And finally seeing you in more light makes me happy."

"I was thinking the same thing."

"Oh yeah? Still think I'm hot now that you're sober?"

"No." I grabbed him. "I think you're sexy."

"We're supposed to be talking, aren't we?" His voice was husky.

"Let's promise to talk after."

"All night." He moved his hand between my legs.

I closed my eyes again, hesitantly opening up to his fingers.

"Are you nervous?" he asked softly.

"Kind of."

"Why?" His fingers stilled. "You do want this." It was a statement and not a question.

"It's different doing this now. We're sober, the lights are on."

"And the lights are staying on." He lifted me up slightly so he could pull down the comforter. "And we're doing it on the sheets but not under them. I was robbed of watching you and your reactions last time. I get them this time."

"Okay." My confidence slowly returned as he stretched out next to me on the cool sheets.

"You're so unbelievably beautiful. I can't believe you're real." His voice was so strong, so clear. It was as though he really believed his words.

"Thank you."

"And I promise this isn't the last you're going to see of me, Cara. Run all you want, I'll keep finding you."

"I'm not running. I gave you my phone number, didn't I?"

"That you did." He moved between my thighs.

I gazed up at him, waiting as he opened the wrapper of a condom. My whole body buzzed with anticipation.

"The look you're giving me is the sexiest look I've ever seen." With that, he thrust into me.

I gasped, getting used to the feel of him inside me again. He kept his eyes fixed on mine as he moved. He started slow, only moving in part way. I whimpered, feeling amazing but needing more. I grabbed on to his back and he thrust harder, filling me with the entire length of him.

I moaned, trying to bite back the scream that wanted to come out. We weren't home alone. I needed to stay quiet. His lips attacked my neck, and I closed my eyes, giving him better access.

"Chase."

"Yes, Cara?"

I opened my eyes to see him staring into mine again. "Don't stop. Never stop."

He laughed. "I'm not planning on stopping yet."

I closed my eyes again, letting him move and fill me. I thought the first night was good, but without the effects of alcohol dulling the experience, the second was even better. He pushed me over the edge, and my whole body tingled when he reached his release moments later.

We lay quietly for a few moments before he shifted to my side. "How do you feel?"

"Emotionally or physically?"

"Both." He kissed my shoulder.

"Perfect."

He got a goofy grin. "I feel exactly the same way."

I reached for the sheet but he stopped me.

"Do you want the sheets because you're cold or because you're trying to cover up?"

"I'm definitely not cold." I was still sweating from the workout he'd given me.

"Then can you let me look at you a little longer?"

"I think you've looked at me plenty." I resisted the urge to cover my chest with my arms.

"Nope. I need to look at you so long that I have every inch of you memorized. It's going to be six weeks or so before I see you again."

I leaned up on an elbow. "I'm already counting down the days."

"Sounds like you're going to be excited to see me?" He pulled me on top of him.

"Aren't you going to be excited to see me?"

"Of course. I'll get back here as soon as I can."

"At least we still have tonight."

"That we do." He grabbed my ass.

"Okay, we need to do some more talking now." I rolled off him and pulled up the sheet. I wanted to be cozy.

He snuggled in closer. "So tell me everything about you."

"Oh, that's all?" I teased.

"You can start with the smallest details of your childhood."

"Or how about I start with where I'm from."

"That could help too."

"Florence, South Carolina. Where are you from?" I rested my head on his chest. My head felt so amazing right there.

"New York. The suburbs."

"New York? Is that where you live when you're not on tour?"

"Yup. I have this crappy place in Brooklyn."

"I've always thought it would be cool to live in New York City."

"You'll have to come visit me there sometime."

"Definitely." I closed my eyes, taking in the feel of being in Chase's arms. I felt so safe and comfortable. That reality hit me like a sledge hammer. I wasn't supposed to feel that way. I could have fun with Chase, but I couldn't fall for him.

"What year are you in college?"

"Sophomore."

"Are you nineteen or twenty?"

"I turn twenty in April. How old are you?"

"I'm twenty-five."

"Wow, I'm sleeping with an older guy."

"I've never robbed the cradle before. That makes you my first blonde and first younger woman."

"That's an honor."

"Am I your first older guy?"

"My ex is twenty-two, so not that much older." I hated even thinking about Aaron while with Chase.

"Is he your only ex?" Chase rubbed my back.

"I dated a few guys in high school, but I never slept with them."

"So I'm guessing this guy goes to your school then?"

"Uh huh. And he's in the same frat as both of my best friends' boyfriends. Talk about awkward." I wondered how the mixer had gone. It was the first Delta Mu event I'd missed since pledging first semester freshman year.

"For him maybe, not you."

"How do you figure?"

"He's the idiot who lost you. You're the winner who found someone better." Chase grinned.

I laughed into his chest. "You can say that again."

"So, am I really only the second guy you've been with?"

"Yeah... I guess that makes me really inexperienced."

"You make that sound like a bad thing." His hand roamed down to my breasts.

"Aaron said I was too uptight about sex. That's probably why he went elsewhere for more."

"Whoa. Your boyfriend cheated on you and told you it was because you were boring?"

"Not exactly. He told me I was boring before he went back to his ex-girlfriend."

"Well, you're not boring."

"I'm not?"

"Nope. But then again, we've only had sex in one position so far."

"Are you trying to get lucky again?" I ran a hand down his chest.

"Is it wrong that I want a double feature? I need to get my fill."

"Double feature? You are so weird."

"As long as it's a sexy weird, we're good."

"Sexy weird? Well, then what does that make me?"

"Sexy hot. There's no weird about you." He ran his hand down my stomach.

"I'm on top this time." I offset his hand, moving on top of him.

"And I thought I was going to have to beg for more."

I positioned us, wanting more of him. "I happen to want to get some more from this weird sexy guy I'm currently in bed with."

"You can have all you want from me." He cupped my breasts.

"Good, because I wasn't asking a question." I eased him inside, ready to take control this time.

Chapter Five

"I guess we fell asleep." Chase's lips tickled my ear as I woke up tangled in his arms.

"What time is it?" I struggled to push off the sleep.

"It's around seven thirty." He shielded his eyes from the sunlight streaming in through the gap in the blinds. "The last thing you said before you fell asleep was that you needed to be home for your nine am today. I set an alarm."

"That's the last thing I said?"

"Okay." He pulled me back against him. "The absolute last thing you said was good night, but I didn't count that one."

"I don't want to go to class." Clearly Chase wasn't the one making me go, but he was the one leaving. If I'd have had another chance to see him maybe getting out of bed wouldn't seem so hard. All I wanted to do was stay curled up in his arms for another few hours. I'd done some thinking while I lay in bed with Chase. Falling for him hard would be a mistake, but seeing him when he was in town wasn't necessarily a bad thing. The trick would be forgetting about him when he was away, and not picturing him with other women.

"I don't want you to go either, but who am I to promote truancy?"

I laughed. "I'll go. Will you promise to call me when you're in town again?"

He kissed my neck. "I'll call you tonight."

"Come on, you don't have to do that."

"But I want to. Don't you want to know we made it to Charlotte in one piece?"

"It's a three and a half hour drive."

"Well, I'll call you anyway. Besides, you'll have to fill me in on your day."

"You don't have to do this, Chase." I sat up, pulling the sheet with me.

"Do what?"

"Make more effort than you would normally. I'm a big girl, I can handle reality." I got up to start searching for my clothes.

He pulled me back on the bed. "Hold on."

"Yes?"

"Did you listen to anything we talked about last night? I want to keep seeing you. "

"I know." He'd also mentioned he wouldn't be in the area until March when he played a festival in Savannah. Evidently his use of the words 'seeing me' was in the very loose sense.

"Are you sure? You realize I'm not using you? I really want to see where this goes." He searched my face.

"I just don't want you changing your life for me. Okay?"

"Well, that's too bad. It's already happened."

I smiled before getting dressed.

"I know you're running late, but do you want to grab something quick for breakfast?"

"Oh, I'm fine." Saying goodbye to him wasn't going to be easy. Getting the moment over with might have the ripping off the band aid effect.

"You sure?"

"You bought me pancakes last night. We're good." I kissed him on the lips. "Have a safe trip."

"How are you getting home? Want me to call you a cab?"

"I'm going to walk."

"Want company?" He sat up.

"Thanks, but enjoy your morning. I'll talk to you soon." I needed to leave before I lost my resolve.

I scooped up my purse and headed for the door.

"Cara?" he called after me.

"Yes?"

"Thanks for staying this time."

"You mean you enjoyed last night better than my fuck and run?"

I heard laughter, and it wasn't from Chase.

I turned and nearly collided with Riley. "You leaving, Cara?"

"Yeah. I have class."

"Great, I'll head down with you." He was dressed in a suit and was holding a briefcase, so I assumed he was on his way to work.

Awkward. "Okay, sure." I waved to Chase one more time before following Riley down the stairs.

"Have a good night?" Riley asked as we reached the ground floor.

"Yes. It was nice to see Chase again."

He chuckled. "Yeah, I'm sure seeing him was fun."

I tried to laugh. "I don't know what you're implying."

He walked down the street with me. "You've definitely got Chase's attention."

"Yeah." I looked at the rows of restaurants and stores that we passed. If I'd had more time, I would have taken a stroll along the battery again, but I had to put that off until later.

"You're not the typical girl he sees, but that's a good thing. Give him a chance. I think he may surprise you."

"I'm giving him a chance, but is he really acting differently with me? I mean, when he says he doesn't hook up with lots of girls, is that really the truth?"

"Listen, can I be completely honest with you?" Riley gave me a serious look.

"Of course."

"I love both of my brothers. They both love music, but other than that they live different lifestyles. If you were getting involved with Len, I'd tell you to be careful."

"I guess I should be glad that Jade left."

"He's not a jerk. She's seriously young and he wouldn't have taken advantage of her, but he does go through girls. Chase is different though. He's had a few relationships, but otherwise he just flies solo. Sex isn't his vice."

"You make it sound like he has another vice." Thoughts of alcohol and drugs came to mind.

"He's obsessed with his music. When he's writing an album, he'll sometimes spend days locked away."

"That's not such a bad vice." Not bad at all. At least it wasn't hazardous to his health and those around them.

"No, and it's not any worse than any of mine. I'm just making sure you don't keep your distance out of misconceptions. Chase might be a musician, but that's not who he is. You understand?"

"I get that." I stopped in front of my street. "This is me."

Riley smiled. "It was nice meeting you, Cara. I hope to see you again sometime."

"Definitely. Tell Rachel I said bye."

"I will. Don't be surprised if she calls you for coffee. She's pretty new in town and always looking to make some new friends."

"Oh cool. I'd enjoy that." I liked Rachel, and the Delta Mu connection would give us something to talk about. "Have a nice day."

"You too." A cool breeze had me crossing my arms over my chest. Evidently, the unseasonably warm front was heading out. It was definitely a jeans day. I walked the rest of the way to my house in a good mood. I'd had a great night, and no matter what happened, it was worth it. I felt great when I was with Chase, and even better, I felt good when I wasn't with him. With Aaron, I was constantly worried about what he was up to without me. I didn't care about that with Chase. I just wanted to keep enjoying any time I could with him. I knew if I wasn't careful I was going to get hurt, but I could be careful. Besides, he couldn't hurt me more than I'd already been hurt.

"Cara!" Aaron's angry voice froze me as I reached the front steps of the house.

"What are you doing here?" I tightened my arms around myself. What the heck did he want?

"Where the hell were you? I was worried enough when you skipped the mixer. When have you ever missed a sorority event?"

I couldn't help but let my anger seep into my words. "I had no interest in spending time with the Kappas for a very obvious reason."

"Don't you think you've been punishing me long enough?" He stepped toward me. "It's been weeks."

"Punishing you? I broke up with you because you've been back with your ex. Why would time change anything?"

"Don't you understand why she called you? She was pissed because I told her it had to stop. I told her that I loved you too much to keep doing it."

I coughed. "Loved me too much to keep doing it? That's a good one. If you loved me, you wouldn't have been messing around with her."

"I'm sorry, Cara. I don't know how many times I have to say it."

"You're acting like it was a one time thing. That would have been bad enough, and maybe we could have worked through it. But not this. Not every chance you got. Now I'm running late." I tried to step around him.

"I said I was sorry. I'll make it up to you. Anything you want. Want to go somewhere special for spring break?"

"Not with you." I tried to push him out of my way.

"Where were you last night? You think you're walking away without telling me?" His glare was so intense I could almost physically feel it.

"It's none of your business."

"Jade came home before midnight. I know because I was here. Yet it's almost eight o'clock in the morning now. Who the hell were you with all night?"

"It's none of your business." I dared a glance at my phone. I had four SOS messages from Jade warning me that Aaron was around. I needed to get back in the habit of checking my text messages more often.

"Of course it's my business. You're pissed at me, yet you just fucked some guy, didn't you?"

"My sex life is none of your business." I slammed my palms into his chest. He was surprised enough about the action that he stepped out of the way, and I reached the steps. "We're over, Aaron. Please just leave me alone."

"That's it? You want to just throw away our time together?"

"You're the one who did that. I guess I should be glad I found out before I wasted any more of my time with you."

"You're going to change your mind. You're going to come back. You need me. We both know that. I'm exactly who you want in your life, and if you wait too long, I won't be here."

"Keep telling yourself that." I pounded the numbers into the keypad and walked inside.

The house was quiet as I made my way upstairs. My roommates weren't around yet, and I wasn't ready to listen to their twenty messages. I knew they cared, but for the first time in my life, I felt anti-social. I guess that wasn't completely true. I'd had fun with Chase and his friends, but I needed a break from my usual life. One week in and I could tell there would be no slipping back into the old routine. I was going to have to step out of my element if I wanted to survive the semester.

I let out a sigh and grabbed clean clothes and a fresh towel. I needed a hot shower, and I needed it immediately. So much for enjoying the after effects of a night with Chase. Aaron had successfully ruined my mood, but I couldn't let him. I stood under the hot water, hoping it would wash away the negative thoughts.

Chapter Six

I slid into my desk in Southern Literature a few minutes late. I'd spent over twenty minutes in the shower, and after getting dressed and grabbing a breakfast of coffee and a cereal bar, I had to run across campus to make it there as is.

"We're discussing the misconceptions of the female in southern lit right now," Kyle, a somewhat friend, whispered from the desk next to me.

"Thanks," I mouthed as I opened up my notebook. I was excited about the new unit. According to the syllabus, we were going to be reading some Zora Neale Hurston, one of my personal favorites.

"No prob." He smiled.

"Oh please, how many more times do we have to have this discussion? Not everything revolves around women." Anthony, a junior I'd been unfortunate enough to have three classes with already, jumped into the conversation.

"No, but it's an important piece of the discussion on the southern lit cannon," a girl whose name I'd forgotten argued. "Zora was writing from the perspective of a woman, and her books deal with those issues."

I raised my hand. "It's an important topic no matter who the author is. That's the point."

Anthony turned back to me. "Of course you'd say that."

"Excuse me?" I leaned forward in my desk.

"You're a sorority girl."

"What does my being part of a Greek organization have to do with my thoughts on literary analysis?"

"Everything." He cocked his head to one side and shifted in his seat to look at me. Everything about him screamed arrogant.

"Oh yeah? So, if that's the case, then your all white boy New England prep school background influences yours."

"How so?" he asked. "It just means I'm well educated."

"Well educated? Are you implying public schools don't educate well?" Kyle jumped in.

"No, I'm just saying that doesn't color how I view literary analysis the way being a sorority girl would."

Professor Grayson cleared his throat. "Okay, let's move this back to the books. Cara? Do you have anything more to add?"

"Yes." I tried to calm my bubbling anger. After the Aaron run in, I wasn't doing well with it. "I believe this discussion is about whether the representation of women in lit accurately reflects their place in society. My answer is that it depends on the author. That's what I was going to say before I was attacked."

Anthony smirked. "You weren't attacked. If you can't handle a discussion, then don't participate. Sit back and listen like the rest of your sorority friends."

I refused to take the bait. "Whether we're discussing the representation of women, or children, or anything, it depends on the author. It's impossible to leave your own identity out when writing."

"That's an interesting point, Cara." Professor Grayson smiled. "Does anyone else agree? Disagree?"

"I agree." Kyle jumped back in. "If I were to write the same story as Cara, it would turn out differently because we're different. That's not to say that a woman can't accurately depict men or vice versa, but our version would be different."

Professor Grayson nodded. "Nicely said. On that note, let's end a few minutes early."

I let out a deep breath and started to stuff my books into my bag.

"Cara?" Professor Grayson asked as I headed toward the door. "Can you stay back a second?"

"Sure," I answered nervously. I hoped he wasn't going to reprimand me for being late. It was my first time, and I was hoping for a one time grace. Professor Grayson was one of my favorites. I'd taken American Lit with him the semester before.

He waited until everyone else filed out. Kyle gave me a look. We usually walked to our next class together.

"How are you doing?" He paused briefly. "You've seemed distracted this week. And as much as I love the enthusiasm you showed today for the topic, it doesn't seem like you."

"I'm sorry if I was out of line. I just can't stand when someone tries to marginalize me because of an organization I'm part of."

"You weren't out of line. You just weren't Cara."

"I had a rough break. I'll be back to normal soon." I'd just have to make sure to steer clear of Aaron.

"Anything you want to talk about?" He packed up papers and a few books.

"No. Just boy drama."

Professor Grayson laughed. "Believe it or not, I was young once. I'm happy to listen if you need to talk. My office hours are for more than discussing literature."

I laughed. This was only the professor's second year on faculty. He was in his early thirties. "All right, I'll keep it in mind."

"Good. And I am glad to see you connecting with the subject matter. Maybe you can use Zora for your term paper."

"Oh. That's a great idea. Maybe I'll come by your office hours next week to discuss it."

"All right. Have a good weekend."

I headed to the door.

"But, Cara?"

I turned back.

"Don't let boy troubles get in the way of your life. No guy's worth it at your age."

I laughed. "I'll keep that in mind."

Kyle was waiting for me outside. "What was that about?"

"Just Grayson worrying about me."

"That was quite the show today." He adjusted the straps of his backpack.

"Yeah. I guess I got my claws out."

He laughed. "How are you doing? I heard about you and Aaron."

"Oh. News spreads fast."

"A few guys in my house were pretty happy about it." He smiled lightly.

"Oh, really?" I tried to be polite, but I wasn't interested in dating anyone else on campus. I had no idea where things were going with Chase, but getting back into the Greek dating scene sounded horrible.

"How's Juliet doing? I haven't seen her around much." Kyle had a major crush on Juliet growing up, but she dated his brother and it hadn't gone well. I'd accepted that Kyle wasn't the jerk his brother was. We were both English majors, so we inevitably had a few classes together each semester, and we'd fallen into a loose idea of friendship.

"She's doing really well. Still with Reed, still working at Al's."

"Nice. Dylan asked about her over the holidays. I think he's starting to understand what an ass he was to her."

I rolled my eyes. "Took him long enough."

"Yeah. It did. Hopefully it won't take Aaron as long."

"Either way, I'm not dating him again."

"Yeah, I get that." He turned toward me. "Don't read this the wrong way, but is there any chance you'd go to a party with me next weekend?"

"How would I read it the wrong way?"

"I don't want you to think I'm being a jerk trying to ask you out right after a breakup. Even though I guess I am, but it's just as friends."

"In other words, you need a date and want to know if I'm available?"

"Yeah. Are you? I just broke up with that girl I was dating, Abby, and she's already with one of my brothers. I'm pissed at them both, but what can you do? Showing up with a date like you would make it a lot easier."

"Because I completely understand how you're feeling, I'll go as friends. Is there a theme?"

"It's Country Western themed."

I laughed. "Nice. Text me all the details."

"Great. Thanks a bunch."

Chapter Seven

"Spill, now!" Juliet didn't even let me get into my seat at the student center before starting in. "We've been going crazy waiting to hear from you."

We'd had a standing lunch date at the student center for well over a year, so I didn't consider skipping, but I hadn't fully prepared myself for that welcome.

"Can't I at least eat lunch first?" I eyed my chef salad longingly. My cereal bar had worn off hours before, and I'm convinced anger makes you burn calories faster than usual.

Mallory slipped into the seat next to me. "If it was one of us who stayed out all night after leaving a cryptic message, would you let us eat?"

"Fair enough. Jade took me to a show and it turned out Chase was the lead singer."

"How is that possible? Isn't that a really big coincidence?" Juliet asked.

"It's pretty crazy. I guess up until recently, they were an indie band, whatever that means exactly, but they've definitely got fans and they're on some big tour right now."

Mal laughed. "Cara dating an indie musician. Are there pigs flying too?"

"I didn't say I was dating him exactly...." It was more like sex and conversation.

"But you spent the night with him." Mallory eyed me warily. "That has to mean something."

"It means I'm incredibly attracted to him and wish he actually lived in Charleston." I couldn't keep stuff from my friends. It's like being around them meant I'd flipped on the 'way too honest' switch.

"Was it good this time?"

"Which time?" I grinned.

Juliet laughed. "Oh boy, quite a night, huh?"

"The best." I opened the plastic lid to my salad.

"How did you leave it? Please tell me you exchanged numbers." Mallory sipped her water.

"He said he'd call tonight to let me know he made it to Charlotte."

"Aww." They both made identical sounds.

"When's he coming back? We have to meet him." Juliet unwrapped her sandwich.

"In March. At least that's what he said."

"This is awesome. See, things do work out." Mallory grinned.

"But I did have a run in this morning."

"Oh no. What did Aaron do?" Juliet pushed away her uneaten sandwich.

"He got angry at me for skipping the mixer and staying out. He told me I'd be back because I needed him."

"That ass." Mallory shook her head. "He was sulking around the party and then just left."

"I can't believe he actually thought I'd just forget about it and go back to him."

"I can't believe he's Reed's best friend." Juliet leaned back in her chair.

"I really don't want to mess things up for you. Please, just stay out of it." The last thing I wanted to do was destroy her relationship with Reed.

"Like that's going to happen. I'll talk to Reed." She set her jaw, and I knew she was already planning her tirade.

"No." I looked her straight in the eye. "Don't get Reed involved. He said he wouldn't wait forever, so he'll get tired of it."

"Are you sure?" Mallory asked. "Colton's not that close to him, but he could help too."

"I appreciate it, both of you, but I want to handle this myself." There was no reason to pull anyone else into this mess.

"If you say so." Juliet didn't sound convinced.

"I do. And I have another random piece of news to share."

"Oh yeah?"

"I told Kyle Bradley I'd go as a friend to his date party next weekend."

"Wait, seriously?" Juliet asked. "He asked you?"

"He got dumped and the girl's already dating another brother. I'm single now, so I can help."

"Is it at their house?"

"Uh huh. I haven't been back there since right after Rush last year."

"At least Dylan's not around."

"Supposedly, Dylan's admitting he screwed up now." I took a bite of my salad.

"Oh yeah? I'm sure he's completely reformed." Mallory picked at her salad. It was a Caesar and she was carefully avoiding the croutons. It wasn't a health thing, Mallory just couldn't stand them.

"Think he's better in bed now?" I dared to ask the question.

Juliet spit out her water. "For his future wife's sake, I hope so."

"Not every guy gets married." No matter what Riley said, I was sure Chase wasn't a settle down kind of guy.

I heard my phone vibrating in my bag and pulled it out to find a text from Chase.

Would it be incredibly corny for me to say I missed you already?

I knew my friends were probably staring at the grin spreading across my face. I quickly wrote back. Not corny, just weird sexy.

"You had better not be sexting over there." Mallory laughed.

"Nope. Just making fun of him."

"Let me see." Mallory grabbed my phone just as he replied. Weird sexy is still sexy.

She raised an eyebrow. "Do I want to ask what that's about?"

"Nope."

"Weird sexy? Is he kind of dorky or something?" she asked.

"Not at all. It's hard to explain."

"Look at that smile on her face." Juliet grinned. "I like this guy already."

"Yeah, I do too." I finished half my salad before closing it and grabbing my tote bag. "I need to pick something up at the bookstore, so I'll see you guys at the house."

"Okay... but you better not be running off to have phone sex." Juliet laughed.

"Ugh. Never."

"Never say never." She leaned across the table. "I learned that the hard way this summer."

"Too much info, love." I stood and waved before heading outside. I loved my friends, but I was going to have to make sure they didn't get too excited about Chase. After all, who knew if they'd ever meet him?

I pushed off Chase thoughts and headed to the bookstore. My love life may have been out of control, but I was going to make sure to keep on top of my classes.

***

My afternoon class was far less eventful than the morning one. It was a lecture on basic supply and demand economic principles, and I just made sure to take good notes. I had dinner at the house and watched a movie with some of the girls. I followed that up with something I never did. I actually did some school work on a Friday night. I'd just finished my reading for the night when my phone rang.

As soon as I saw Chase's name on the screen, I picked up. So much for acting cool and collected. "Hey. Did you survive the arduous journey?"

"I did. We're here and I have an hour before the show. I just have one problem though."

"What?" I leaned back against my pillows.

"You're not here."

"Yeah... that is a problem." I missed the way his fingers felt running up and down my body.

"How was your day? What did you learn?"

"I got so intense in a discussion today that I got kept after class." I picked up the giant teddy bear from my friends. I'd put it on my dresser but one of them had moved it back onto my bed.

"Oh yeah? What topic?"

"I don't want to bore you."

"If it was exciting enough to get you worked up, it won't bore me."

"The representation of women in southern lit. This kid pretty much told me my opinion didn't count because I was in a sorority. I made my point loud and clear."

"Good for you. I love that you're willing to speak your mind like that. I was always pretty quiet in class."

"Where did you go?" That topic had never come up.

"Emory."

"So you were down south for a while?"

"Yup. I left New York for a little while."

"Oh, okay."

"Could you do me a favor?" His voice wavered a little, as though he were nervous.

"Maybe."

"Maybe? After last night you're going to give me a maybe?"

"I like to play it safe. I'm not promising something I can't stick to."

"Send me a picture of you."

"A picture?" I sat up a little. Why would he need that?

"Email or text me one, please."

"I don't even have your email."

"It's Chaseforever55 at zmail."

"Chase forever?" I laughed.

"I made it ages ago."

"Fair enough." I stifled a yawn. It had been a long day. "What kind of picture?"

"Preferably a dirty one, but you know."

"Chase."

"Yeah, I had to ask. Just a picture. Of you. Think you can do that for me?"

"That depends."

"On?" Why was his voice so sexy when he asked questions? It wasn't fair.

"Whether you'll send one to me too."

"You want my picture?"

"I need to prove to my friends that you're real."

He laughed. "Jade didn't tell them?"

"Okay, you got me there. I just want one."

"So, you can stare at it longingly when you go to sleep?"

"When I go to sleep, when I get up in the morning, before class, after class, pretty much all the time."

He laughed again. "I'll send you any picture you want."

"Make it shirtless." I bit my lip. What was I saying?

"If you're getting shirtless, I'm getting a bikini shot."

"What makes you think I have a picture of me in a bikini?"

"You're a nineteen-year-old girl with a rocking body. You have bikini shots."

"Deal. Send me a shirtless shot and you've got a bikini one."

"Promise?"

"Yes, and I'm good about promises." I set aside the bear.

"I trust you." He sighed. "And I want you."

"Join the club."

"When do you usually go to bed?"

"Around eleven, why?"

"Just wondering how late I can call you."

"When you get home from your shenanigans at two a.m., I'll be asleep."

"Shenanigans? If you mean hanging out with my band, then sure."

"I already told you not to worry about sugar coating things. I can handle it. I know we're not officially together."

"Whoa. Who said anything about that?"

"Uh, it's an assumption."

"Then let's just get this out there. The thought of another guy touching you makes me sick."

"Makes you sick?" I pulled my knees up to my chest.

"Yes. And I'm not sleeping with anyone else either. I think we can both handle waiting a few weeks. I know I can, especially if you send me that picture. And if you don't send it, I'll just be miserable. It doesn't mean I'm looking for something else because face it, Cara, where else am I going to find someone like you?"

His words got me. There was real emotion behind them. Emotion I wasn't used to having addressed toward me. But maybe I was wrong. Maybe he was just really good at making a girl believe she was special. I decided to return it with humor. "You mean a girl with perfect tits who fucks and runs?"

He chuckled. "You don't fuck and run with me anymore, and yes you have perfect tits. So, are we on the same page now? No one's sleeping with anyone else of the opposite gender. You want to get close to your sorority sisters... who am I to stop you?"

"Chase!"

"Sorry, couldn't resist. But is that a deal?"

"Yes, but then full disclosure time."

"Oh dear. Please, I haven't even been gone twelve hours."

"Chase, don't even go there. I told a friend I'd go to a date party with him so he didn't have to face an ex alone. I didn't think you'd care what I did."

"That was nice of you. I do care, and I'll be jealous, but end up in your own bed that night and we're good. What night is it anyway?"

"Next Saturday."

"Lucky guy."

"No complaining. You got lucky three times last night."

"I did, didn't I? Can we make it four the first night I'm back?"

"At least four."

"Damn, you're going to kill me. How the hell am I supposed to go to a show with a tent in my pants?"

"Hold on one second." I opened my laptop and found the picture I was looking for. I was wearing my favorite bright pink bikini. I sent a quick email over to him. "Check your email."

"Dear lord."

"Yeah... so where's my picture?"

"It's there."

I refreshed my email. I grinned when I opened the picture of him sitting shirtless while playing the guitar. He had the same intense yet content expression on his face that he'd had when he played for me the night before. "That's acceptable."

"Acceptable? Next time I'll send you one with no pants on."

"Yeah... that's probably going to get flagged by the school filter."

"Then I'll text it."

I could just picture him wriggling an eyebrow. "Call me when you get back to your room or wherever you're staying. I don't care how late it is."

"Won't I bother your roommates?"

"They always stay with their boyfriends."

"You sure? You need your beauty sleep." He didn't sound like he meant it. He wanted to talk to me again.

"Just call. If I don't pick up, assume I'm sleeping."

"One last question and then I'll let you go."

"Yes?"

"What do you sleep in? That is when you're not in bed with me."

His words had my whole body warming. "Usually a cami and shorts pj set."

"Are you wearing that now?"

"Not yet. I'm still in jeans."

"You look great in jeans."

"I'm wearing the same ones I was wearing that night on the beach." Those dark jeans were now my favorites.

"Your ass looks good in those."

"Glad you think so." I smiled. "Have a good show."

"Have a good night doing whatever it is you're doing. If you get a chance, try to have a naked pillow fight with your sorority sisters for me."

I laughed. Did all guys fantasize about that? "Sorry, did that last week. Tonight I'm going to read for fun and then turn in."

"Reading, naked pillow fights. Same thing. Sweet dreams-preferably of me."

"I've had plenty of those."

"You should tell me about them sometime. Maybe they're like mine."

"Don't forget to call me."

"I won't. Good night for now."

"Night." I ended the call and pulled open his picture. So much for not letting myself fall too hard.

Chapter Eight

"Hey, are you free tomorrow night?" The unfamiliar female voice threw me, and I found myself fumbling around for my glasses. That would teach me to pick up the phone when I didn't know who was on the other end.

"Uh, do I know you?" I struggled to wake up. It had to have been way past midnight. I'd kept my phone next to my bed waiting for Chase's call.

"Oh, it's Rachel. Sorry."

"Oh, hey." I situated my glasses on my face. My room was dark, but somehow knowing I could see made it better. My glasses were getting their only real use. I wore contacts most of the time.

"Hey, were you sleeping? I assumed you'd be out or something."

"Yeah... I'm lame." It's funny how easily the words slid off my tongue late at night. I wasn't usually one to make self-deprecating comments.

"No, you're not, but to go back to my original question, are you free?"

"Is there a particular reason why you're asking?"

"You answer first." There was a rustling sound from her end of the phone.

I laughed. "I might regret this answer, but at the moment, yes, I'm free."

"Great. Do you like sushi?"

"Yes, love it." I sat up, debating whether it was worth getting out of bed to turn on the light. I really wished I had a light near me, but the room was too crowded for bed stands. I always left my glasses next to my pillow.

"Perfect. I'm craving it, and Riley can't stand it. We should go to dinner tomorrow night."

"And you just thought of this at," I checked my phone, "one in the morning?"

"Sorry. I forget that not everyone's up all night. I just thought dinner could be a fun way to bond. We can do drinks after too."

"To bond?" Rachel seemed more bubbly than I remembered, but then again, when we'd met I'd been more concerned with Chase.

"Yeah. We're with brothers, bonding makes sense."

"Yeah... you're engaged to Riley. I've slept with Chase a few times." Even to my own ears, that felt off.

"Don't belittle what you have with Chase."

"It's still different. Now that being said, I'd love to hang out. I just want to make sure we do it for the right reasons." I sounded strangely coherent for the middle of the night.

"Okay, I'll start over. Hey, Cara. I think you're super cool. Let's get dinner."

I laughed.

"So seven tomorrow night then?"

"Sure. What place do you want to go to?"

"The one on Meeting Street, and I'll swing by and get you. You live at the Delta Mu house, right?"

I knew exactly which restaurant she was talking about. It was one of my favorites. "Yeah, do you know where the house is?"

"I'll find it. I'll see you tomorrow night. This is exciting."

"I'm excited too. I just don't sound that way in the middle of the night."

"That's fine, you'll get used to my evening chipperness eventually."

I laughed. She seemed to make me do that a lot. "All right, see you tomorrow." I set aside my phone.

Moments later, my phone rang again. This time I looked-just in time to watch Chase's name flash across the screen. "Hey."

"Hey, you sound awake."

"Rachel woke me up already."

"Riley's Rachel?" Chase sounded surprised.

"Yes, we're going out for sushi tomorrow night."

"Oh, nice. I can see you guys getting along."

I heard talking and laughing in the background. I shouldn't have been surprised that he wasn't alone, but somehow it took away from the phone call.

"She's really nice." I got out of bed and turned on the light. Talking to Chase in the dark now that I was disappointed just upset me more.

"She is, and I know she's kind of lonely in Charleston. She moved there for Riley."

"Oh. That would be tough." I made a mental note to ask her more about it.

"So I'm sure she's glad to have met you."

"It goes both ways." I sat in my desk chair and pulled my laptop out of sleep.

"Are you typing on your computer?"

"You heard that over the phone?" I turned away from my computer guiltily. Messing around on the computer while on the phone wasn't the most polite thing to do.

"Yeah... are you all right? You seem kind of distant." A note of concern entered his voice.

"It's one a.m."

"It's just so hard to know what you're thinking when I can't see you."

"And you're that concerned with what I'm thinking?" I wasn't used to someone worrying about that when it came to me.

"Yeah... so want to do a video chat? That would solve the problem."

"A video chat?"

"Yeah, I assume you've done one before."

"Yes, but not in my pajamas in the middle of the night."

"Hey, I've seen you in less than pajamas."

I felt my body heating.

"What do you say?" His voice was low and seductive. He knew exactly how to get what he wanted. That didn't mean he would.

"I can't." There was no way I was talking to him in my glasses and pajamas. I didn't care if he saw, but I wasn't all right with anyone else seeing.

"Because you have other plans..."

"You said it yourself. I need my beauty sleep."

"I was wrong. You're so beautiful you couldn't possibly need more."

I let out a deep breath. "Maybe another night."

"Hold on a sec." The background noise died down. "Something's bothering you."

"No, listen, let's just talk tomorrow."

"Come on, Cara. Long distance can't work if you won't talk to me."

"Long distance? I never agreed to a relationship or anything." Why did the situation have to be this way? I couldn't handle his life.

"Earlier tonight you agreed to be exclusive... what else would that mean?"

"That we wouldn't sleep with other people."

"And if you weren't in a relationship, why would it matter if you slept around?"

"I don't know what you want, Chase."

"I want you, but since I can't be with you tonight I'd at least like to see your face."

"Will you be alone?" I'd embarrassed myself enough. I might as well just lay it all out there.

"Who else would I be with?"

"Whoever you were with up until a minute ago."

"Oh. Is that what this is about?" A loud beep sounded followed by a whooshing noise. My best guess was he'd turned on an AC.

"I just...forget it."

"I was walking back to my hotel, babe. I put you on hold so I could dig out my key."

"Really? You weren't at a party or anything?"

"This jealousy thing is really sweet, but it's unnecessary."

"I'm not jealous." I stood up.

"Then why would you have cared if I was at a party?"

"Because I wanted this call to be something. Argh, I can't make sense this late." I sounded like a whiny, immature kid. I knew it, but somehow that didn't change the words pouring out of my mouth or the way I felt. How could two nights with a guy have made me so overwhelmed and confused?

"Do you have a tablet you use for video chats or do you use your computer, or your phone?"

"I use my tablet."

"Okay. Hold on."

I took a deep breath. This shouldn't have been so nerve wracking. I opened my tablet and settled down on my bed. Moments later, I got his notification and pressed accept. My chest tightened for a second before the pressure released when the image of Chase lying on his hotel bed in just his boxer briefs showed up. Then my heart rate picked up to replace the clenching. "Hi."

"Hi. You look cute in glasses."

I self-consciously pushed them up on my face. "I slept in my contacts the other night-I wasn't expecting to need these."

"You should expect to need them the next time I see you." His eyes looked straight through the screen into mine.

"How was the show?"

"Good. Sex on the Beach went over well."

I tried to fight off the blush I knew was coming. "I can't believe you actually sing that."

"Why? It's a good song."

"Because it's about sex on the beach."

"Which I now know about first hand. It's always easier to write what you know." There was a twinkle in his eye.

"That's true."

He shifted, bringing the camera slightly closer to him. "You write, don't you?"

"I write plays and short stories mostly, but I don't share them. They're just for me."

"Maybe you'd show me one sometime?" He turned his head to the side slightly, and it reminded me of a puppy. The thought made me laugh. "What?"

"Nothing."

"Nuh uh. Tell me."

"I was just thinking that you reminded me of a puppy."

He stretched. "I hope you like dogs."

"Love them. I'd have one if I could keep it in the house."

"I'd have one if I stayed in one place long enough to keep one."

"What's it like? Being on the road?"

"It's fun mostly. I've got great company, but sometimes it gets old."

"But you meet so many people."

"True. I met you on the road. I played a show at a festival that afternoon."

"Oh. I wondered why you were there." Knowing Chase's true identity, it had seemed strange he'd been at a random house party in Myrtle Beach. "Who do you share your room with?" I figured it would be Len, but then again, Len probably liked to bring girls back.

"Oh. I wasn't going to tell you about the three girls I have hiding in the closet."

"Chase."

"My brother, but he doesn't always come back."

"Yeah, I assumed that."

He smiled. "Do you have a bra on under that top?"

"No. I hate sleeping in a bra."

"Interesting."

"Why is it interesting?"

"I just like learning this stuff about you."

"That's a pretty unimportant thing to learn."

"Nope. It's incredibly important and essential."

"Essential? To your perverse dreams?"

"Perverse? I know you're doing the same thing right now."

"Doing what?" I pushed my knees up, using them as a stand for the tablet.

"Watching me to help create a better mental image."

"I have a good memory. I have plenty of details from last night."

A slow smile spread across his lips. "Last night... I'm ready to have that happen again."

"Same here."

"I'll be in Savannah the second week in March."

"That's about six weeks."

"I guess sorority girls can do basic math."

"Chase."

"Cara? I love how you say my name when I annoy you. It lets me know you care."

I mustered up some nerve. "Why are you doing this?"

"Doing what?"

"Spending so much time talking to me. There have to be better things for you to be doing." Sleeping with me was one thing, I understood how guys worked, but sitting around talking to me when he could be out with his band? That didn't gel with the image I had of most guys-especially not musicians.

"All right, I'd say I was only going to say this one more time, but I'm going to say it as many times as it takes to get you to accept it. The only thing I'd rather be doing right now is lying in bed with you. Since I can't have that, I'm taking what's second best."

"For six weeks?"

"I can't promise we'll video chat every night, but I do plan to call every night. Maybe more than once."

"What if we run out of things to talk about?"

"We won't. And if so, we can just start having phone sex."

"Chase!"

"There you go again. And wow, look at that blush."

"That was a joke, right?"

"The phone sex? Yes. I mean we'd at least have to do it over video."

"On that note, good night."

"Hey, just saying."

"We're not having phone or video sex."

"We'll see what you're saying in a few weeks." He smirked.

"I'll be saying the same thing." When you lived in a house full of girls and thin walls, phone sex wasn't in the cards.

"Okay, one more thing before you go."

"Yes?" I prepared myself for some personal question.

"If you could go on vacation anywhere in the world, where would it be?"

"I don't know," I answered automatically.

"What do you mean?"

"It means I don't know."

"All right. We'll figure it out together." He moistened his lips. "Good night, Cara."

"Good night." I clicked end and set aside my tablet. How in the world was I ever going to fall back to sleep?

Chapter Nine

I was starting to get used to how often Juliet and Mallory did things without me. That probably sounds bad, but what I mean is that it didn't bother me as much. They'd walked on egg shells the first week back, but then they seemed to understand that when they treated me that way, it only made things worse. Still, I knew they felt guilty going out if I was sitting at home, so it was nice to have my own plans to tell them about.

"You're going out with his sister-in law?" Juliet asked as she slipped into a black dress. Reed was taking her out somewhere.

"She's not officially his sister-in-law, but she will be soon." I zipped up the back of the dress for her.

"Well, that's cool I guess. It's always nice to meet new people."

I sat down on the edge of my bed. "It's not weird, is it? I mean Chase and I barely know each other."

"I think if it were a guy, it might be weird, but it's a girl. Plus, didn't you say she's a Delta Mu? That gives you something else in common. Maybe you guys will click so well that you'll stay friends no matter what happens."

"One can hope."

"Well, I'll check in with you later. Have fun and get a Hurricane roll in my honor."

"I'd get one anyway."

"Then get two." Juliet blew me a kiss before walking out the door.

I finished up the last of my weekend school work while I waited for seven o'clock to roll around. Usually I spent my Sunday nights frantically trying to get everything ready for my Monday classes. It looked like that wasn't going to be a problem anymore.

I packed up a purse and headed outside to wait on the front porch. I ran into a few of my sisters on the way out, but everyone who was still home was getting ready to go out.

I took a seat on the porch swing and started to swing it slowly as I waited for Rachel. Right on time, she pulled her Jeep up in front of the Delta Mu house.

I opened the door. "Nice wheels."

"I wanted one of these so bad in high school, but I got a hand me down Camry instead."

"I got a hand me down CRV, but I love it."

"That's not a bad hand me down to have."

"Not at all. No complaints." The price was right-i.e. free-and I liked the space.

"Sorry if I woke you up last night. I really didn't even bother to check the time. Riley works late nights a lot, so it plays into my habit."

"He stays up until one a.m. working a lot?"

"Yeah. He's at that stage where he either makes partner or doesn't. He's serious about work."

"Gotcha. That must be stressful."

"It is." She pulled away from the curb. "For both of us."

The ride over to the restaurant was a quick one, and before I knew it, we were settling into a booth. Rachel ordered a glass of red wine, and I went for unsweetened iced tea. No matter how many times I used my fake ID, it made me nervous, so I generally opted for non-alcoholic when I could.

"I'm sorry. That was dumb. I shouldn't have ordered wine."

"Oh, don't apologize," I quickly reassured her. "I'll be doing the same thing in a few more years."

She smiled. "Now that's a positive way to look at things."

As we waited for our food to arrive, I decided to ask some of the basics. "How'd you meet Riley?"

"A friend introduced us almost two years ago now. At first, I wasn't sure. Lawyers aren't really my cup of tea, but those baby blue eyes of his had me."

I smiled. Chase's eyes were brown, so the blue trait didn't run through the whole family. "Sweet. So, it was kind of love at first sight?"

"I wouldn't say that exactly... more lust at first sight.... Love at first morning after."

I laughed. "Nice. I think it's funny that you didn't want to date an attorney."

"Why? I figured he'd be uptight-and he kind of is." She picked up a piece of her Rainbow roll with her chopsticks.

"I'm the opposite. When I hear attorney, I think stable. Dating Chase is as crazy as possible for me."

"Chase managed to find the one girl who wasn't excited to date a musician... figures."

"If I'd known what he was when I met him, there's not a chance I'd have hooked up with him." At least if alcohol hadn't been involved. But either way, musicians definitely weren't my type.

"Really? His charm and good looks weren't enough?" She grinned over her glass of wine.

"I just like safe... or I did."

"I'm guessing the ex-boyfriend was on a more stable path?"

"Yeah. He's planning to go to law school." I poured some more low sodium soy sauce into the dish.

"Maybe Chase is just what you need. I know his career doesn't seem stable, but he is. He's not the kind of guy who sleeps around. You got under his skin."

"I'm not sure why or what he wants. We barely know each other."

"Then get to know each other."

"That's impossible right now."

"Is it? Haven't you guys talked on the phone?"

"And video chat too."

"It's kind of perfect. Get to know each other without jumping into bed every ten minutes. It's amazing how sex can get in the way sometimes."

I choked on my iced tea. "You're blunt."

"Just being honest. He's coming back for a festival in Savannah in March, isn't he? Until then, use the space to decide whether you're compatible."

"As strange as that idea sounds, I kind of like it." Maybe space and time were exactly what we needed. It was the opposite of how things started out with Aaron, and that made it even more appealing.

"Look, I have an ulterior motive, clearly. I'd love to see you guys work things out, but selfish thoughts aside, I think he might just be what you need. If there's ever a time to step outside your comfort zone, it's college. Life gets more complicated after you graduate."

"You're kind of good at this pep talk stuff." I finished the last of my California roll.

"I'm in PR. I'm supposed to be good at spinning things."

I laughed. "Now the truth comes out."

"There's always different ways to look at a situation. You have to find the one that works."

"Is there always one that works? I mean, aren't there times when there's no positive spin?"

"You're nineteen. You're not allowed to sound so jaded."

"I'll be twenty in April."

"Big difference." She took a long sip of wine. "Breakups hurt. I don't know all the details, but I gather your ex really did a number on you. That sucks. I'm not going to sugar coat it, but you know what's going to feel good? When you let yourself fall in love again. That's when you'll be able to walk past the guy without it even affecting you."

"It sounds like you're speaking from experience." I set aside my chopsticks.

"I am more or less. As well as the experience of plenty of other women."

"I don't know about falling in love, but I'm going to see where things go with Chase. How often do you randomly meet a guy like that twice?"

"Exactly. I'm telling you, it's fate. It's one of those stories you'll be telling your grandkids about."

"Okay, that's taking it too far." I was hoping he'd still be interested in a few months, let alone anything longer.

She laughed. "Fair enough."

"Do you know much about his band?" Jade had given me some details, but I wanted more.

"Sure. You know they just signed with Interline Records, right?"

"Is that name supposed to mean something to me?"

She laughed. "It's one of the biggest labels out there. This is a huge transition for the band. Chase has been downplaying it, but Len's not. He's loving the attention."

"Chase doesn't seem like the usual front man." At least not the ones I'd seen.

"He's not. Don't get me wrong, he loves performing, but off stage, he'd rather just have quiet, you know?"

"It's still crazy that he's interested in me. If his band is doing that well, he could have anyone."

"Key word there is could. He doesn't want to. Obviously, there's something about you that attracted him, and it's kept his attention. I haven't seen him really date anyone for close to a year."

"Really? That long?" The admission surprised me. If Chase wasn't the type to sleep around and he hadn't dated in ages, then why had I suddenly broken his drought?

"His long-time girlfriend dumped him for someone else, and it messed with him, I guess. He still gets mad whenever anyone mentions her name."

"What's her name so I know to avoid it?"

"Ariana. I met her a few times. She's a bitch. I really never understood why he was with her."

I refused to think about the girl. She was an ex, just like Aaron was. No reason to dwell on it. "Okay, enough about Chase's past love life. Let's talk about your wedding."

We spent the rest of dinner discussing her plans for a destination wedding. It sounded exciting and a part of me wondered if I'd be there.

"Want to just go back to my apartment or something? I forgot you weren't twenty-one when I suggested drinks."

"Oh. Sure. It doesn't matter either way as long as Riley won't mind."

"He won't. He's grateful you're putting up with me. I've been complaining about how lonely it is here since we moved."

"How long has it been?" I couldn't imagine a girl like Rachel having trouble making friends.

"I moved from Chapel Hill four months ago. When Riley popped the question, I knew it was time to stop doing long distance."

"Wow. You just dropped everything and moved?" That was a huge commitment. I couldn't imagine how hard moving to a new city for a guy would be, especially one that worked as much as Riley. "That couldn't have been easy."

"It wasn't, but I knew it was the only way things would work for us." She took a final sip of her wine and set aside the empty glass.

"That's how you can give such great advice on the long distance thing. You've been there yourself."

"Exactly."

The waitress came over with the bill, and Rachel snatched it. "My treat."

"We can split."

"Nope. I remember what it was like as a college student. I'm employed."

"I probably should be. I need something to do with my extra time."

"Enjoy it. You'll never get that time back."

My mother had reinforced that point at least a half dozen times since the breakup. "I know. I know."

"But if you want a job because you need money, that's a different story."

"I may need to. I guess I got used to Aaron paying for everything when we went out."

"I can probably get you something where I work. Just let me know if you want me to."

"Okay, I'll let you know." I needed time to think about it. A job sounded great, but I couldn't let my grades slip.

"Good, but give it some time if you're not desperate for the cash. College seems to last forever, but it actually goes fast. You have the rest of your life to work."

I was all about living in the moment during college as long as the next four months could speed past. I was ready to have Aaron out of my sight, and out of my life.

Chapter Ten

If I steered clear of the sidewalk in front of the Kappa house, I could almost pretend that things were normal at school. Almost. The problem was nearly every memory I had at Harrison involved Aaron. We'd started dating as soon as I'd arrived freshman year, and I was only now beginning to understand how much our relationship had shaped my college experience.

The memories weren't all bad. Most of them were good. Stolen kisses in the shadows of buildings, holding hands on the quad, flowers being delivered to me from him by some of his pledges, but looking at the memories without Aaron at my side made me question them-and made me question my happiness. Had I really loved him? Had I really enjoyed our time together as much as I thought I had?

I moved through the first few weeks of school in a fog, constantly looking over my shoulder to see if Aaron was there. My friends were supportive, but seeing them more often than not meant seeing their boyfriends. If it were up to me, I'd never see a Kappa again.

"Cara, hey!"

I turned to see Jade hurrying toward me. "Hey."

"What are you doing tonight?"

"Do I have perpetually sitting at home tattooed on my forehead?"

Jade laughed. "No, but now that I know you have a thing for new music, I thought you might be up for another show."

"Hopefully, I haven't slept with this lead singer."

"How many random hook ups have you had lately?"

"Just the one."

"All right, just checking."

"I have tentative plans with Lacy, but if she's up for it, we're in." My sorority big sister was also recovering from a breakup, and we'd been searching for something non frat guy related to do.

"Okay, that would be great." Jade seemed very excited about my response.

"Is this at the same venue as last time?"

"Yes..." She looked away slightly.

"You want to see the ticket guy. Admit it."

She bit back a smile. "I have no idea what you're talking about."

"Are you into him?" There was something about girl talk that always put me in a good mood. It was easier to forget about my own life when I was getting the details on someone else's.

"No. I need to use him though."

"Jade Cambridge. You wouldn't."

She held up a hand defensively. "Not in a bad way. I just need to get him to hang out with us for a while."

"And why is that?"

"It's for my show. My boss thinks my show needs something different. I really want to move to a better time slot, so I'm hoping Teddy can give me some inside information so I can try to get some bands to interview."

"Your boss wants you to interview people?"

"Or something else to go with the music. It's a local hour, but he says it needs more. I think he's expecting me to use my whole sorority girl image to help, but that actually hurts."

"So, you want me to help you flirt with this guy to get you backstage and inside details?"

"Sort of, kind of. And you know Lacy won't mind."

I laughed. Lacy was a big flirt, but it was really an act. She was one of the few girls in the house who was still a virgin.

"I'll talk to her, but why didn't you ask Len for an interview? Or Chase?" I assumed he'd count even though the focus was local.

"Well, Chase was preoccupied." She arched an eyebrow.

"I'm sure he'd do it when he's back in town."

"I don't think I'm going to be good at this. I love music, and I'm all about talking about it on the air, but interviewing isn't my thing."

"Really? You seemed so comfortable the other night."

"Because you were there."

"Well, who says I can't be there for your interviews? We both know I don't have much else to be doing." Maybe this would provide a nice distraction from the monotony of studying all the time.

"Sure you do. You're dating a musician. That should keep you busy."

"Maybe when he's in town."

"Embrace that you don't have a boyfriend breathing over your shoulder all the time. I'm tired of being single, but there are some nice things about it."

"You're right. I'll do it." I couldn't believe I'd just agreed to do something else crazy. What was going on with me?

"Okay, I'll see you later." Jade hurried off.

My cell vibrated in my pocket, and I didn't have to look to know who it was. Chase always seemed to send me random texts in the middle of the afternoon. I guess that was his down time.

Hi. How are you enjoying this beautiful Friday? Or maybe it's not beautiful there. I haven't checked your weather yet.

Uh. If that sounded creepy, sorry. I just sometimes check it. Multiple times a day.

I texted back. You always sound creepy.

And you love that, don't you?

I love that you're weird sexy.

Did I tell you I wrote a song with that title?

What?

Len says it's good. I'll have to play it for you tonight.

Are we chatting tonight then?

Depends on whether you mind me waking you up.

I glanced over my shoulder to make sure no one was looking before replying. I wish you could wake me up in a different way.

You and me both.

We're getting closer.

Better get some sleep, because you're not getting any when I'm with you.

The same goes for you.

"Cara?" a male voice called from behind me.

My heart nearly jumped out of my chest at the sound of my name. I tried to stuff my phone into my back pocket-only I didn't have one so it fell. I cringed, waiting for the inevitable sound of it making contact with the concrete. Before I could check the damage, someone else scooped it up.

"Didn't mean to spook you." Professor Grayson glanced at the screen before handing back my miraculously intact phone. The screen was illuminated, meaning my messages were completely visible.

I could feel the blood rushing to my face. "Hi, Professor Grayson."

"Are you busy right now?"

"Uh, not exactly."

"Great, let's walk."

What the hell? Was I about to be lectured about inappropriate text messages or something?

"I wanted to talk to you after class today, but you took off before I could ask."

"Is everything okay? I thought my participation was pretty normal."

He smiled. "It is. I just noticed your name was on the waiting list for my creative writing class this semester and someone dropped."

"I didn't know I was first on the list."

"You were-at least now you are. Sometimes people drop wait lists."

"I only have fifteen credits scheduled. I can fit it in. It's a night session, right? Six o'clock on Tuesdays?"

"Yes. We're focusing on the personal essay this semester. It's more of a non-fiction emphasis. Does that interest you?"

"It does." I'd been writing more personal essay type stuff lately, but it was definitely not something I had much experience with. "I'd like the spot."

"Great. I'll get you enrolled then. I'm looking forward to having you in two classes this semester." Grayson nodded and continued walking ahead.

I was so excited about finally getting into a creative writing class that it took a minute to dawn on me: A professor I was going to have two classes with may have just read my naughty texts.

I glanced down at my phone. I had three more texts.

I'm holding you to that.

Cara you there?

Are you really going to stop on that note?

After the letting a professor see my texts detail set in, I replied. OMG seriously embarrassing moment, but on a positive note I got a class I wanted.

I'll pretend I understand that. Talk to you tonight :)

Bye for now. I slipped my phone into my tote bag and continued my walk back to the house.

***

I was exhausted. Pure and simple. All I wanted to do was change into comfortable clothes and veg out, but I'd promised Jade I'd help her get her interviews. The thought of a late night at a show didn't appeal at all. What if there was an easier way to do it? I picked up my phone and called Chase.

He answered after two rings. "Hey there. Did I really get a phone call from you without having to leave a message first?" he teased.

"Crazy, I know." I generally texted because I was afraid he was busy.

"To what do I owe this honor?"

"I'm calling in a favor."

"A favor? I'll probably say yes." He paused. "If you ask nicely." He had a gift for making seemingly innocuous things sound naughty.

"Okay, it's actually a favor for Jade, but it means I don't have to go out tonight, and I really don't feel like flirting with a guy just to help her."

"Uh, flirting with a guy to help Jade? I don't like that idea either."

"So, Jade has this radio show and her boss says she needs to get interviews."

"Interviews with whom?"

"Bands. Especially some local ones."

"Okay. I'm starting to see how I can help."

"Is there anyone you could talk to for me?" I curled up on my bed.

"Definitely. I'll start making some calls."

I let out a sigh of relief. Jade was going to be so excited. "You're the best."

"Am I?"

"Yes. The absolute best."

"Remember that."

"I will."

He exhaled loudly. "I miss you."

"I hope I'm as great as you remember." After only a few weeks, I was realizing that the long distance thing was harder than I'd expected. Relationships are always hard, but seeing each other regularly kind of helps.

"I'm sure you're better."

I laughed. "Wouldn't that be something?"

Someone called his name. "I hate to do this, but I have to go."

"Not a problem. I've already gotten what I need from you."

"I'd much rather be giving you something else-but no reason to go there."

"Nope. Have a good show tonight. Where are you anyway? DC?"

"Yeah. Not too far away."

"If only I had a private jet."

"One day."

"Talk to you later." I hung up and leaned back against my pillows. Talking to Chase was becoming so natural, so comfortable. I wondered how different it would be when we finally saw each other in person again. Would it feel the same way?

I texted Jade. Talked to Chase. He's taking care of all of it. Want to come over for movies and take out instead?

I'm tired and not really in the mood to go out, so that sounds great, and please thank Chase in any way possible.

Lol, I had no idea you were like this. Does Mallory know you have this side?

What side? I'm innocent.

See you soon.

The door opened and Mallory walked in dressed in her gym clothes. Seeing her reminded me of how badly I needed to make a trip to the gym. "Want to order in Chinese or something?"

"You read my mind. I just talked to Jade about it."

"You're stealing my little sister."

"More like borrowing her. She doesn't mind."

"Nope, it seems like you guys have more in common than we would have thought."

"Well, she did find Chase for me." I got up and searched around for my flip flops. I needed to stop by Lacy's room to discuss the change of plans.

"Your face just lit up. It's official."

"What's official?"

"You really, really like him."

I smiled. "I've never been good at hiding my feelings from you guys. Who'd thought it was possible to fall for someone more over the phone?"

"Call Juliet. We're making this a roomie plus Jade event."

"And Lacy. We're supposed to hang out."

"Okay, sounds great. I'm going to jump in the shower."

"Enjoy."

Friends, food, and a girly movie. Friday nights couldn't get much better.

Chapter Eleven

There's something sexy about a short dress and cowboy boots. It's not my usual style, but I always have at least one pair of cowboy boots in my wardrobe and about half my closet is filled with short dresses.

I went with a violet dress and my brown boots the night of Kyle's party. Mallory gladly let me borrow her cowboy hat- that was one item I didn't have in my collection. I guess I just wasn't country girl enough.

Kyle was waiting for me outside my house exactly when he said he'd be there. Dressed in jeans, a belt with a huge buckle, and a cowboy hat he looked nothing like his usual preppy self.

I smiled. "Glad you decided to dress up too."

"What? You thought I was going to make you do it and not come through?"

I shrugged. "Aaron didn't usually dress up much for these things, but he always expected me to."

"The more I hear about this guy, the more I wonder why you stayed with him so long." Kyle started back down the street toward the Omega house.

"I thought I was in love. Or maybe I was. I don't know anymore. I'm too confused."

"Well, you still have two and a half years of college to spend without the jerk." Kyle put a hand in his pocket.

"And the rest of my life. Can you believe I thought we might get married one day?"

Kyle shrugged. "You are a girl after all." His grin saved him from getting a smack. "Just kidding."

"Well, either way, I just hope we can avoid each other as much as possible the next few months."

"One good thing about an Omega party is you won't run into him."

I laughed. "No, that's for sure. I really don't know many of the guys in your house though. I've practically lived at Kappa since freshman year."

"It's never too late to change that, or find non frat guys to fill your time."

"I'm actually doing the second idea already." I smiled, thinking of Chase.

"Oh yeah? I'm not messing anything up for you then, am I?"

"Nope. It's not a problem. So, what's the plan?"

"The plan?" A look of momentary confusion crossed his face.

"Yeah. Are we purposely going near the ex or steering clear?"

"Oh. We can stay away. It's more that I didn't want to show up alone. I do realize how lame all of this makes me seem."

"Not lame at all," I quickly assured him. "I may ask you to return the favor sometime." The thought of showing up at a party dateless didn't thrill me either, and I knew the likelihood of Chase making any events that semester was low.

"Do you really think any of your sisters would date your ex?"

"No." I bit back a smile. "I heard my friends did a number on his reputation."

"Exactly. With guys, it's different."

"Well, it's not like an ex is always off limits for girls, it's just what he did. I mean who would want to date someone like that?" I assumed Kyle knew exactly why I'd dumped him. Everyone else seemed to. That's the problem with a smaller college. Everything spreads like wildfire.

"You never know." He seemed to notice that was the wrong thing to say. "But your sisters wouldn't do that to you."

"Thanks." I needed to believe that. I already had my perfect plan for my college years shattered. I didn't need to worry about having issues at my house on top of that.

"All right, we don't have to stay long." He looked anything but excited as we neared the front steps of the frat house.

I moved to his side. The whole point of this was to make it obvious he had a date. Standing several feet away defeated the purpose.

Kyle greeted one of his brothers at the door, and we walked in. I glanced around the main living space of their house. The cowboy theme extended to the decorations. Hay bales were scattered throughout the room, and a Bluegrass band was set up in the corner. "Nice atmosphere."

Kyle laughed. "Yeah, this is the one theme party we usually take seriously. What can I get you to drink?"

"Ah, I think I'll do beer tonight." Generally, I preferred anything but beer, but I wanted something bitter.

"Okay, cool. I'll be right back." He took off toward the bar.

I searched around for someone I knew. Unlike house parties, date parties were limited to just the brothers and their dates. I saw a few girls I had classes with, but that was it.

"Oh Cara, how are you, sweetie?"

I turned and came face to face with Abby. I smiled to myself. This was Kyle's ex. Considering we'd only spoken twice, the sweetie term was a little over done. "Hi, Abby. I'm doing fantastic."

"Are you dating an Omega now? I guess it didn't take you long to get over Aaron?"

Wow, bitchy. Two could play that game. "Who are you here with? Didn't Kyle dump you?"

She crossed her arms, nearly spilling whatever was in her red plastic cup in the process. "No, I dumped him."

"Oh. And you're dating one of his brothers?"

"Yeah." She straightened her shoulders. "Pat was pretty much just waiting for me to dump Kyle. He's been interested in me a while."

"Lovely." There was a definite note of sarcasm in my voice.

I turned, unsurprised to find Kyle hesitating halfway between the bar and where we stood.

"Wonderful catching up, Abby, but my date's waiting for me."

I gave her an obviously fake smile before joining Kyle. I leaned into his side when I accepted the drink. I whispered in his ear, "Get frisky."

"Uh, seriously?"

"Just do it, Kyle."

He grabbed my ass, and I turned just in time to watch Abby's face twist into a mask of anger and shock. She deserved it.

I gripped his bicep. "I'd say my work here is done."

Kyle laughed. "That was cool of you."

"Yeah, well, it wasn't hard."

"Dare I ask how you're so good at this?"

"I'm a girl. I know how other girls work. A guy is exponentially more attractive when someone else has her paws all over him-and he has his paws all over another girl."

He sipped his beer. "We all want what we can't have, I guess."

"Exactly. I'm usually all about girl power, but what Abby did was bitchy-and she's proud of it. That makes it worse."

"Tell me about it."

"But you deserve better. You'll meet someone soon."

He took a slow sip of his beer. "I appreciate the vote of confidence."

I smiled. "Any time."

"So, who's this new guy you found?" He watched me expectantly.

"Let's walk outside." The house felt suddenly stuffy. Kyle led the way out the back door. We definitely weren't alone out back, but the fresh air helped.

"Tell me about the guy. You said he wasn't on campus. Is he older?"

I figured it couldn't hurt to spill the details. "He's a musician actually. He's twenty-five."

"Anyone I'd know?"

"Chase Denton?"

"As in the lead singer of Chance of a Lifetime?"

"You know of them?"

"Yeah, doesn't everyone? I'm known for playing them a lot on my show."

"Your show?" I sipped my beer. It was definitely bitter.

"I have a Thursday night show over at the campus radio station this year. I got pretty lucky on the time slot." He smiled.

"Oh, my sorority sister Jade has a show too. I think it's at like five a.m. though."

"I know Jade. She's cool. Yeah, that's what happens with freshman."

"So, you got up at the crack of dawn for a show too? You must be committed."

"It's just something fun. I wanted to do something that Dylan never did, and I love music." Then he gave me a funny smile. "I'm guessing you haven't listened to the station much?"

"No," I admitted. "Music isn't usually my thing, but I get why you put in the time for it." The only activity I'd ever gotten up that early for was pledging, and it definitely wasn't by choice. "I may be tagging along with Jade sometime though." After talking to Chase, it didn't sound like I had a choice anymore.

"You could stop by my show too. It wouldn't require getting up before the sun."

"I kind of owe Jade. She's the reason I found Chase again, so I'll start there. If I like it, maybe I'll visit you too."

He laughed. "How you found Chase again? I'm sure there's a good story there."

"There's a story all right." I smiled.

"Any chance I can hear it?"

I glanced around at the crowd. "Probably not here."

"Want to get coffee or something? I don't think either of us really want to be here any longer than necessary."

"Did you really show up just to save face?"

"Kind of. I'm actually... well." He glanced over his shoulder. "I can't talk about that here either. What do you say to that coffee?"

"Sure, that sounds good. Let's walk by Abby and make sure she sees us leaving early though."

He laughed. "You're too good at this."

I leaned in. "Now put your arm around me and let's get out of here."

After a slow walk by Abby who shot me a look of hatred, we made our way outside and over to a coffee shop down East Bay Street. I loved the place because they made the best flavored lattes. I ordered a Vanilla Hazelnut while Kyle got himself a coffee.

We took a seat in two high back chairs by the window. "You go first." I wasn't in a huge rush to admit my escapades.

"It's not all that exciting." He sipped his coffee. "But do you promise this stays between us?"

"Of course." I shifted in my seat, eagerly waiting for him to continue.

"I'm thinking of dropping out of Omega."

"Wow. Really?" I'd never heard of anyone leaving their frat before. It wasn't an easy thing to do.

"I just don't fit there. You know? I joined because it's where my dad and brother pledged, but I don't think it's the right place for me. Like tonight, I only went because I had to. I'd have rather been out doing something else."

"Glad I'm such an amazing date," I teased. I knew what he was saying.

A look of horror crossed his face. "Of course I don't mean because of you. I just wish we could have been doing something more enjoyable."

"Like having coffee." I held up my cup. "It worked out."

He laughed. "I guess so."

"Is your dad going to be mad?" I knew my mom would be disappointed if I left Delta Mu. Not that I had any plans to. It was definitely the place for me.

"Probably. Which is why part of me wonders if I should just stick it out."

"Is there anything about it you like?"

"I like a lot of the brothers-but then watching one steal my girlfriend from under me, that was a low point. I know Abby was at fault too, but he'd been trying to get with her the whole time we were dating."

"Are most of your friends non-Greek?"

"I have a few in the Iotas, and the rest are independent."

"I'm not an expert, but I think you just have to do what feels right. At least you don't live in the house. That would make it hard."

"I didn't even consider it. I wanted my own place."

"Can I ask one question?" I rested my arm on the chair.

"Sure."

"How did you feel about Omega before the Abby thing? I know you weren't loving it, but does most of this stem from that one brother?"

"A lot of it."

"And how did the other guys respond? They all thought it was cool?"

"Guys aren't like girls. They don't take sides in something like this, but a few told me they thought he was an ass."

"Just make sure you aren't quitting for the wrong reasons. That's all." I hated when one bad apple spoiled the bunch. I didn't want Kyle to throw away his experience because of one jerk.

"I know. That's why I'm making myself wait until at least the end of the semester. I've already paid dues, so what's the point?"

"Good luck either way." I took another sip.

"Now your turn. What's the long story?"

"It's really not that exciting."

"I beg to differ. Just tell me."

I sighed. I decided to just get it over with. "I met Chase at a party and we hooked up. I refused to give him my number and thought I'd never see him again, but then Jade unknowingly dragged me to his show."

"That wasn't so long." Kyle smiled. "And I'm guessing you changed your mind about the one time thing and decided to give it another try?"

"Something like that. I mean, he's not here much, so I have no idea what's going to happen."

"Are you guys exclusive? I guess that's really the only potential issue."

"He says he wants us to be."

"That's cool. That would be what I worried about most. Maybe his being away is a good thing. You can focus on you and not a relationship."

"Focus on me?"

"Are there any activities you wanted to do but couldn't find time for?"

"Not really... but I wanted to start doing some more volunteering, maybe find a part time job. Oh, and I'm going to check out Jade's radio show."

"That's a nice list. It's a place to start at least."

I finished off my latte. "All right, you about ready to head home?"

"Sure. I wouldn't want to keep Chase Denton's girl out too late." He gave me a wry smile.

I pushed his arm. "Don't start."

"I won't, but don't forget your hat, cowgirl."

A thought occurred to me, and I put the hat on. "Can you get a picture of me?" I held out my phone.

"Sure." I posed as seductively as appropriate in a coffee house. I took my phone back from Kyle and laughed. "It looks like I can pull off a cowgirl." I texted the picture to Chase.

He didn't answer right away which didn't surprise me. They were playing in Baltimore that night.

I took off my hat, and we headed back toward my house.

"Thanks again for coming tonight. I know it wasn't the best way to spend a Saturday night."

"It was nice. We've never talked outside of class. We should do it more often." I'd never really had a male friend before. Neither of us were each other's types, so there was zero sexual tension between us which made it even better.

"Definitely."

My house came into view, and my stomach dropped. Aaron was waiting outside again.

"Is that who I think it is?" Kyle asked.

"Unfortunately."

"I'm guessing he's waiting for you."

"Let's hope not. I really don't feel like dealing with another confrontation with him."

"Another?" Kyle tensed beside me. "You had one before?"

"Yes. I'd spent the night with Chase, and he was sitting right there."

"And now you're being walked home by me. He's going to assume I'm the same guy. Are you okay with that?" Kyle looked at me questioningly.

"He can think whatever he wants. He has no say in what I do. But if you don't want to deal with him, I can take it from here."

"You actually think I'm going to let you face an angry ex-boyfriend by yourself?" He patted my arm. "Let's do this."

Aaron started toward us. "Oh, this is fucking brilliant. An Omega? A fucking Omega?"

"Keep your voice down and leave us alone. I already told you I want nothing to do with you." I tried to step around him.

"Bullshit. This is absolutely bullshit. I'm not going to sit back and put up with this." His eyes were partially blood shot. He was plastered. Aaron wasn't a nice drunk.

Kyle stepped in front of me. "Calm down, man. She's not your girlfriend anymore. She can hang out with anyone she wants."

"In other words, Cara can become a whore now?"

A whore? He was calling me a whore. My mouth was dry. Why wasn't I saying anything back?

"What did you just call her?" Kyle stepped toward Aaron. I touched his arm to pull him back, but he shrugged me off.

"A whore. We've been broken up a few weeks and she's already moved on? And my bet is you're not the first guy. Was she with you last time? Or was she fucking someone else?"

"Don't talk about her that way. She's a nice girl who never should have wasted her time on you anyway." He shoved Aaron in the chest.

Before I could even process what was happening, Aaron's fist made contact with Kyle's face and he was on the ground with blood splattered across the sidewalk.

"You asshole!" I yelled at Aaron, doing my best to pull him away.

He stumbled back and just stood there like he couldn't believe he'd just done it. I couldn't either. "You are such a jerk." I knelt down next to Kyle. "Oh my god. I'm so sorry."

Kyle sat up, covering his bleeding nose with his hand. "You weren't the one who punched me." He glared at Aaron who was still standing there with a frozen expression on his face.

A group of girls from my house spilled out onto the sidewalk, mingling with a growing group of onlookers.

As soon as the crowd moved in, Kyle stood up. "I'm fine. It's just blood."

"You really need to get that checked out." A guy looked nervously at Kyle. "Want us to call someone?"

The wail of a siren made me jump.

"Campus PD is here," another guy said.

"Fuck." Aaron uttered his first word since shedding Kyle's blood.

"What's going on here?" an officer asked. He came right over to me. Maybe his bias was trust the girl.

"He-"

Aaron interrupted. "Nothing. Nothing is going on. Just a little misunderstanding."

"Is that so?" The officer turned to Kyle and me.

"Technically, I pushed him." Kyle adjusted his hand over his nose. "Can I go clean this up?"

"Yes, but we need to know, do you want to file a report?"

"No," Kyle answered quickly.

"Want me to take you to the hospital?" I asked. I didn't know much about a broken nose, but there was definitely a lot of blood.

Kyle shook his head while still covering his nose. The words came out mumbled. "No. I can handle it."

"What about you, miss. Is there anything you want to tell us?"

I took one glance at Kyle. I needed to handle him first. "No. Thank you."

They moved to Aaron next.

"Let's get you inside and clean you up." I put a hand on Kyle's back and led him toward my house.

"To Delta Mu? I'm going into Delta Mu like this?" His words were garbled.

"Uh huh."

My sisters were ready for him before we got inside. He was met by several sets of hands offering ice, towels, and consolation. My guess was that Kyle almost didn't mind the bloody nose after an hour of being pampered. My big sister Lacy seemed particularly interested in seeing that Kyle was comfortable.

I felt so incredibly guilty. He was only hurt because of me. I gave a statement to campus police and gave them all my contact info. I wasn't sure what kind of trouble Aaron was going to be in, but I couldn't worry about that. He'd hurt my friend. A stray thought of what would have happened if Kyle hadn't been there went through me. There's no chance he would have hurt me, was there?

My phone vibrated in my pocket. I wasn't surprised to see Chase's message. Hey cowgirl, I wish you were getting ready to lasso me up.

I wish I could laugh at that pathetic joke.

Why can't you?

Aaron punched my friend and now his nose is probably broken. It's all my fault.

What? Are you serious? And it's not your fault. Can I call?

No I feel terrible.

"Are you texting with Chase?" Kyle asked while holding a compress to his nose.

"Yes."

"Ask him if I can get free tickets to his next show for defending his girlfriend's honor."

I laughed, before texting him exactly that.

"He says he'll give you exclusive access Sinister Summer Tour tickets."

"Nice." Kyle sighed. "This is embarrassing."

"Embarrassing?" Lacy asked. "Why? You're kind of a hero. Aaron's a tank and you stood up to him to defend Cara."

He smiled. "Kind of a hero. I'll take that."

"Do you live nearby? When you're ready, I can drive you home." Lacy handed him a new compress.

I turned away so I could smile. Lacy was a junior. I wondered if Kyle liked older girls.

"I'm only a few blocks from here, but sure. I feel pretty dumb walking around this way."

"I can drive you." I decided to give him the out if he wanted it.

"No. Aaron might still be out there with campus police. You shouldn't have to go near him. Plus, they might want to talk to you more-and you should want to talk to them."

"I'm really sorry about this." I touched his shoulder gently. "And to think you thought you were going to owe me."

"We're even now." He gave me a half hug. "But don't be stupid about this. Aaron's harassed you twice now. Worry about yourself and not him."

"I'm worried about you right now."

"Don't be. I'm kind of a hero." His smirk emphasized the sarcasm in his remark.

I laughed. "Make sure Kyle gets home all right, Lacy."

"Don't worry. I'll take good care of him." She winked.

"Not too good of care." I knew she was just playing around, but she seemed interested in him. I'd have to pump her for info when she got home. Maybe something good could come from Aaron's jerk move.

"Lacy can take as good care of me as she wants, Cara."

I laughed again. "All right."

Less than a minute after Lacy and Kyle left, my roommates arrived.

"Oh my god, are you okay?" Mallory pulled me into a hug. "We came as soon as we heard." She pulled back so she could look at me.

Juliet put a hand on my arm.

"I'm fine, but Kyle got hit hard."

"We saw him." Juliet hugged me next. "I can't believe Aaron did that."

"He's such a jerk."

"I know. Reed's with him now trying to sober him up. I guess Kyle has to decide whether he's pressing charges. Have you decided whether you want to get the police involved more?"

"Why would I be the one to do anything? He didn't hurt me."

"He's threatening you."

"I just want him to leave me and everyone else alone."

My phone buzzed again. I assumed it was Chase, but it wasn't. It was Rachel. I heard what happened. Do you want to stay with us tonight?

Mallory read the message over my shoulder. "We'll stay at the house with you tonight. Don't worry."

"I'm fine. It's not like Aaron is coming in here."

"But you have to be shaken up." Juliet eyed me warily. "I expected you to be hysterical."

"I'm more numb than anything." I slumped down on the couch. "I can't believe how crazy my life's become."

I wrote a quick reply back to Rachel. Thanks, but I'm fine. Thanks for checking in on me though.

Ok. Let's do coffee tomorrow then? Eleven? And Riley wanted me to tell you he can walk you through the restraining order process if you want his help.

"Restraining order?" I showed the phone to my friends. "Riley is Chase's brother, and he's a lawyer."

"Wow. I can't even imagine." Mallory sat down next to me. "It's so dumb because Aaron's the one who messed up. It's not like you broke up with him for no reason."

"He called me a whore. Kyle defended me, and well, you know the rest."

"You a whore? That asshole." Juliet balled her hands into fists.

I took a seat on the arm of the couch. "This must be so awkward for Reed."

"Awkward?" Juliet sat down on the couch next to me. "He's more angry than you can imagine. Reed doesn't take this stuff lightly. I wouldn't want to be in on the conversation I'm sure they're having tonight."

I couldn't understand why Reed would side with me so easily. I was Juliet's friend, but Aaron was his best friend. "He's just really protective of women?"

"His sister was in an abusive relationship." Juliet looked off at some unidentifiable spot in the distance. "And she ended up taking her life."

"Oh my gosh. That's horrible."

"It is. So trust me, Reed's not letting Aaron near you."

"I feel so bad for Kyle." I stared at my hands.

Juliet tried to reassure me. "He knew what he was doing when he shoved Aaron. He's not stupid."

"But he didn't deserve a broken nose."

"I think his nurse for the evening will more than make up for it." Juliet laughed.

"Oh, Lacy? She's a little bit all over him, isn't she?"

"A little?" Mallory laughed. "But he definitely doesn't mind."

"I want to drive to Baltimore." I wanted to be with Chase more than I'd admit. It wasn't about sex. It was about the way I felt when we were together. I needed to get lost in his arms.

"Uh, Baltimore?"

"To see Chase, but I can't. I know that."

"No, you can't, but maybe you can call him? Talking could help."

"Aren't you girls staying with me?" I didn't need them for protection, but I needed them around. The sting of Aaron's words and anger started setting in. Being alone sounded unappealing.

"Text Chase's sister-in-law back, and then let's go put on some Gilmore Girls upstairs."

"Yes!" My roommates always knew how to put me in a good mood.

Chapter Twelve

"Are you sure you're okay?" I asked Kyle over the phone the next morning.

"I'm fine. You really don't need to worry." His voice sounded a little off, and I hoped it wasn't from a broken nose.

"Did you go to the doctor in the end?"

"It's not as bad as it looked last night. I promise I'm okay. I'm more concerned about you."

"Why? I'm fine."

"Fine? Your ex-boyfriend is a psycho. That would scare most people."

"He's going to get over it. He was a jerk to me, and I just want him out of my life."

"Are you taking steps to protect yourself?"

"Reed came by last night and assured me Aaron would be keeping his distance. Reed isn't the kind of guy who makes promises he doesn't plan to keep."

"Have you talked to Chase?"

I set aside my phone and hit speaker so I could finish getting ready. I was running late to meet Rachel for coffee. "Yeah, he sounds a lot like you."

"Meaning he's normal."

I sighed. "Listen, if you want to press charges, I am completely behind you. You shoved him, that didn't mean he had any reason to punch you. I'll back you up completely if you decide to do that. But I can't do it for myself. He didn't hit me, he didn't even attempt to. All he did was call me a bad name. I just want him to move on, and I think he will."

"I can't tell you what to do, but just be careful. Anger can do funny things to people."

"What's happening here? I'm the one who's supposed to be fussing over you."

"I'm fine. I've told you ten times now."

"Do you want me to stop by? I can bring you anything you need."

He laughed. "You sound like Lacy now."

"Okay, not those kind of needs."

"You know nothing happened last night, right? I mean, I was bleeding profusely, and I don't know the girl."

"Are you real?"

"Uh, I think so."

"You would actually pass up on hooking up with a beautiful girl because you don't know her well?"

"Just focus on the nose thing. It's less complicated."

"At least let me pay you back somehow. I can get you dinner, do your laundry. Just let me know."

"Chase is already getting me free tickets. We're good."

I tossed my keys and wallet into a purse. "You're awesome."

"Yeah, so are you. By the way, Abby called four times already, and showed up at my apartment last night."

"What?"

"I guess she regrets dumping the hero."

"And what happened?" I turned off the speaker phone.

"I told her thanks for the concern and politely asked her to leave."

"Nicely done." I grabbed my purse and walked out of my room.

"It also helped that Lacy was still there. Two Delta Mu's in one night? Impressive, huh?"

I smiled at a few sisters on my way out the door. "Let's do lunch at the student center one day this week. My treat."

"Only if you answer my question. Why?"

I knew what he needed to hear. I only gave him half the answer. "Because I like the idea of having a guy friend, and having lunch seems like it would build on that friendship without blurring the lines."

"Great. Tuesday at noon work for you?"

"It's perfect."

"Nice. See you then."

***

Rachel was already sitting at a table when I showed up at the coffee shop. She glanced up from typing something into her phone when she saw me.

"Hey!" She stood up and met me right by the table. "How are you doing?"

"I'm fine. I'm not the one who got hurt."

"But you were the one it was about. And it's perfectly normal to be frazzled or scared or anything really."

I took a seat at the table before ordering something. "Is it normal to feel numb?"

"As in you don't feel anything?"

"About Aaron and the situation. I just want to move on. I spent over a year with Aaron, but I can already see the relationship slipping away into my memories. Does that make sense?" I don't know why I was being so honest with her, but sometimes it's easier to admit things to someone you don't know well. At the same time, I felt like I could trust her.

"It's completely normal, especially since we both know you don't feel numb about Chase." She smiled, revealing rows of perfectly straight white teeth.

"I'm going to get something to drink. Need a refill?" After the night of tossing and turning I had, I needed as much caffeine as I could get.

She held up her coffee. "Nope, I'm set, but thanks. See you in a second."

I ordered a skinny vanilla latte and headed back to the table. Rachel pocketed her phone. "Chase just texted me to check up on you."

"Checking on me? We talked for an hour last night. I'm surprised he'd still worry."

She set aside her cup. "Surprised? You just got in an altercation with your ex."

"Yeah, but still."

"We've been over this before, Cara. He cares about you."

"I care about him. And I want to see him so bad it hurts."

She smiled softly. "He feels the same way."

"I wish that made things easier." I took a slow sip, savoring the first taste.

"Either that's really good or you're daydreaming about Chase."

I laughed and decided not to tell her which it was. Her comment reminded me that no matter how easy it was to talk to her, I needed to be careful. Everything I said, or didn't say, could be repeated to him.

"Stop. Just stop it."

"What?" My cup was inches from my lips, but I didn't sip.

"I know what you're doing. What you're thinking."

"You do?" I hoped she wasn't going to tell me she thought she was psychic or something.

"You're wondering how much you can trust me. You think I'm going to tell him everything."

She was so on the mark, I decided to continue with honesty. "Well, aren't you?"

"No. I love Chase. I'm excited he's going to be my brother-in-law, but I like you, and I can see us becoming good friends. Sure, if you tell me that you plan on using him and dumping him, I might warn him to be careful, but that's not what's happening-or what you're afraid to tell me."

"I don't want to feel this way. I don't want to need him."

"Needing is different than wanting. Which is it?"

"I don't know," I replied in barely a whisper. "I hope it's want. I can't afford to need someone again."

"It wouldn't be the worst thing in the world. We all need someone."

"But, does it have to be Chase?"

"Yes. I think he's the perfect one for you to need. You should tell him how much you want him with you though. I think you'd be pleasantly surprised with his response."

"What do you mean?" I studied her face, wondering what she was hinting at.

"Why don't you call him and find out."

"Call him? Now? Isn't that rude to you?" I was itching to call. A part of me hoped she was hinting that he was coming to see me, but I knew that was impossible. He was on tour.

"It's not rude when I'm the one who told you to do it."

I pulled out my phone and dialed.

He answered immediately. "Hey. How are you? Aren't you having coffee?"

I glanced at Rachel. "I miss you."

"Yeah? I miss you too." That had better not have been the response Rachel meant. "Do you have plans tonight?"

"No. Sunday's aren't really happening nights in my circle."

"Good. That means I don't have to beg you to cancel them."

"Why would I be canceling anything?"

"Because I'm about thirty-five minutes from Charleston. So, about the tonight thing... would it be pushing it to ask if you have afternoon plans?"

"Seriously? You're coming back today?" My heart soared. The thought of seeing Chase had me giddy.

"We had one extra night built in because Jessa's from Baltimore. As long as I leave early tomorrow, we're good."

"I don't know what to say."

"Say you'll drop everything and spend the next sixteen hours with me."

I didn't hesitate with my answer. "Where should I meet you?"

"What's the address of the coffee shop you're at?"

"It's at King and Market." I was so excited I could barely speak. My heart was racing.

"I'll see you soon."

"I can't wait."

"I'm glad. It isn't every day I drive nine hours to see a girl."

I could practically see his wry grin. "Well, then I guess I better make it worth your while."

"You will." He hung up.

Rachel was grinning from ear to ear. "Yeah, you guys are too cute."

"I feel bad though."

"Bad? Why?"

"I don't want to put you and Riley out."

"You're not staying with us."

"We're not?"

"No. Chase wanted privacy. He got a hotel somewhere."

"Oh." A hotel sounded different. I wasn't sure if it was bad or good. On one hand, I loved the idea of privacy, but on the other hand, it made it seem all about sex.

"Stop. Stop. This time you're reading into the hotel room and convincing yourself he just wants some."

"How do you do that?"

"It's a gift."

"I can't believe he's driving all the way back here."

"Why?" She sipped her coffee and set it aside. "Why does it surprise you so much?"

"Because I'm going to see him soon anyway. It's not worth it for him."

She smiled. "I don't think he'd agree."

I crossed my arms. "It just doesn't add up."

"What doesn't add up, babe?"

I jumped out of my chair at the sound of Chase's voice.

He was standing directly behind me. "And for the record, there's only one thing I'd rather be doing right now and it also involves you."

I wrapped my arms around his neck and rested my head on his chest. He moved his arms around my waist and patted my back. "Good to see you too."

I felt such an unexpected surge of comfort and relief at his presence that I had to fight back tears. "That was a short thirty-five minutes."

He grinned. "Wasn't it?"

"I'm going to leave you two alone. Let's get together next week, Cara." Rachel smiled and picked up her tote.

"Definitely. Thanks." I waved without picking up my head.

"Let's run by your house so you can pack a small bag."

"Why would I need to pack a bag?" I picked up my head and looked at him.

"Because you might want to change at some point. And maybe brush your teeth. Oh, and you don't want to forget your glasses."

Maybe Rachel was right. He wasn't using the hotel just as an excuse to hook up.

"All right, but are you sure you want to go by my house?"

"Is there a reason I shouldn't?" He looked at me skeptically.

"It's a sorority house. My friends are probably going to grill you with questions."

He took my hand in his. "Is that supposed to scare me?"

I shrugged. "Maybe."

"The only thing I'm not revealing is where I'm taking you. That's a surprise."

"Is it?"

"Yes. I didn't tell Rachel because I knew she'd spill."

"It's not a hotel?"

"I'm not telling. You're just going to have to wait and see."

"Then how do I know what to pack?"

"I don't plan on you wearing much tonight, but if you insist on clothing, it's entirely up to you. Sexy lingerie is also at your discretion." He arched an eyebrow.

"Are you not into it?"

"Lingerie? No, I tend to just wear boxer briefs."

I hit his arm playfully. "No, really."

"You're beautiful in anything and nothing at all. There's nothing wrong with sexy stuff, but it's definitely not necessary."

"I just like bright colors."

"Bright colors?" He raised an eyebrow.

"Bright colored bras and panties that match. That's my thing."

"Then wear something blue." He led me to the door. "That's my favorite color."

I laughed. "All right, I'll keep that in mind."

Chase held open the door to a Nissan Sentra. "Whose car is this?"

"A rental. My car's been sitting at my parents' house for months now."

"You rented a car?"

"Yeah, that way I can fly up to Ohio." Chase closed my door.

I waited until he went around to his side to press for answers. "Fly up? You bought a plane ticket too?"

"It's nothing-I needed to see you." He settled his hand on my leg.

"I needed to see you too."

"Wow. You're actually admitting that?"

"Maybe."

Chase pulled away from the curb, and we started the short drive over to my house. It would have been faster to walk considering the traffic, but then we'd have had to go back to get his car anyway. "I've got some potential interviewees ready for Jade."

"Great, she'll be thrilled!" That was one more positive thing to add to the list.

"Yeah, everyone seems to think it's cute."'

"Cute?" I turned to him.

"Yeah. Cute that my girlfriend wants to interview them."

"But I'm not going to be the one doing it. I told you."

"Well, they weren't going to do it for a friend. Looks like Jade's got a new partner in crime."

"This is going to be an interesting experience." I'd told Jade I'd be there for the interviews, but actually participating? That might be pushing it. I wasn't shy, but I knew very little about music.

He rested his hand on my leg. "You're going to do great."

Chapter Thirteen

"So, this is what a sorority house looks like." Chase pulled up along the curb a little ways down from the porch.

I nudged his arm. "Stop it."

"Why are you so nervous?"

"I'm not nervous." I unbuckled my seatbelt.

"Yes, you are. Look at you. You're nervous to introduce me to your friends."

"Of course not. If that was the case, why would I have texted my roommates to make sure they were here?"

"Then how do you explain the panicked look on your face?"

"Did it ever occur to you that maybe I'm more nervous about you meeting them?"

"And why would that be?" He turned off the car and unbuckled his seatbelt.

"I don't know. I'm not the typical girl you date."

"And I'm not the typical guy you date. That's a good thing."

"Judging by recent experience, yes. A very good thing."

He met me on my side of the car and took my hand. "If you're this nervous now, I can't wait to see what you're like when we meet each other's parents."

"I'm not going to even think about that possibility. Meeting your brothers is enough family for a while."

He squeezed my hand. "All right, let's meet these roommates of yours."

Juliet and Mallory were thankfully the only two sitting on the porch when we walked up. They both jumped off the swing as soon as we reached the top step.

"So, this is Chase." Juliet sized him up before winking at me.

I rolled my eyes. "This is Juliet, and yes she's always like this."

Chase shook her hand. "Nice to meet you. You're the sarcastic one I hear?"

Juliet smiled. "Glad my reputation precedes me."

"And you must be Mallory." Chase shook Mallory's hand before I could introduce them.

Mallory accepted the handshake. "And how did she describe me?"

"As the runner."

"Great. I'm sarcastic and she's an athlete." Juliet feigned annoyance.

"Okay, time for the million dollar question. How did Cara describe me to you guys?" Chase grinned.

"As the sexy musician that she likes to have sex with and talk to." Juliet stepped away from me before I could respond non-verbally.

Chase laughed. "So, nothing about my witty sense of humor and sparkling personality? I guess I'll accept sexy."

"Don't you mean weird sexy?" Mallory grinned.

"Did she ever explain to you what that meant?" he asked.

She shook her head. "Nope. I don't think she knows."

He put an arm around my waist. "I bet you're right."

"Of course I know." I pulled away enough that I could look at him.

Mallory laughed. "At least we know Cara's showed you her real personality."

"Yeah, Cara's been pretty open with me."

I nudged him. "Okay, moving on."

"What's the rule here? Are guys allowed inside your house?" Chase nodded toward the door.

"Yes, but only downstairs. You can't go upstairs."

"So, no full tour?" He made an exaggerated sigh. "Such a disappointment."

I pushed his arm playfully. "You'll have to live your fantasy in other ways."

"Yeah, the only fantasy I'm worried about right now is getting you alone."

Juliet coughed. "Okay, Cara, why don't you go pack real quick."

"Be right back. Please don't run away screaming." I kissed Chase's cheek.

He smiled. "I'll be here."

By the time I made it back downstairs, Chase and my roommates seemed to be best buddies. I'm not sure if they'd ever made it inside, because they were out on the porch when I got back down. "What have I missed?"

"We just told him lots of embarrassing stories about you." Juliet stuffed a hand in the pocket of her jeans. "Be impressed that he's still here."

"I guess that means he passed the test."

"So far he's a keeper." Mallory leaned in to me. "And he's hot, so have a good time tonight."

Chase tried to hide a grin, but he wasn't successful. He'd heard every word she said. He took my hand and led me back down the steps to his car. He opened the door, waiting for me to buckle before closing it.

He slipped into the driver's seat. "All right. You're finally mine again."

"Oh? Yours?"

"Yup. Unless you have other roommates for me to meet."

"No. Just those two."

"Good. We have a little bit of a drive."

"Uh, where are we going?"

"I wanted something quiet for tonight."

"Meaning..." I felt a shiver of anticipation. Quiet with Chase sounded perfect.

"I thought you liked surprises."

"When did I tell you that?"

"I guess you haven't...I just assumed it by your personality."

"Yeah... not exactly. I like to be prepared."

"You're prepared."

We drove in near silence for a while. It's funny, for a musician, Chase didn't seem to listen to music much. Or maybe it was just around me. "Does the radio work?"

"Yeah. Why? Want to listen to something?"

"I was just surprised you didn't have it on."

"I never listen to music in the car-weird, I know."

"Not weird, just different."

"Let me guess, you're the sing along to music as you drive person."

"Absolutely."

"Do it to my music ever?" He rested a hand on my leg.

"I need a CD or something to do that."

"I'll take care of that."

"I'd also love a t-shirt."

"A t-shirt?" He glanced at me strangely.

"I want a Chance of a Lifetime T."

"You don't seem like the oversized t-shirt kind of girl, but I'll give you one later."

"Why does it have to be oversized? Don't you make them in cute girl sizes?"

He looked at me strangely. "No..."

"And you have a hot girl in your band."

He laughed. "Jessa has never complained about our lack of 'cute shirts,' but I'm sure she would appreciate you saying that about her." He made air quotes.

"I'll have to talk to her." There wasn't a chance I was going to do that. The girl referred to me as fuck and run. She terrified me.

"She's been asking about you. My whole band has been."

"Yeah? Wondering what exciting exploits I'm up to now?"

He laughed. "Something like that."

We discussed the importance of cute t-shirts, and before I knew it, we were pulling off onto a side street. "A friend of Riley's owns this place. He never uses it this time of year, so he didn't mind us borrowing it tonight."

I gazed out at the row of small homes. "A cottage on the beach. That definitely beats a hotel."

"I came by earlier to drop off some food-so we should be set for the night."

I unbuckled and opened my door. "Nice. You think these other cottages are empty?"

"Why?" He pulled my bag out of the back seat. "Already thinking about getting me naked on the sand again?"

"Yeah, no thanks. I'd prefer a bed this time."

"I just want you. I really don't care where." He put his hands on my hips, dropping my bag to get full use of his hands. "I think you got even more gorgeous since I last saw you."

"I'd tell you flattery won't get you anywhere.... but it probably will."

He brushed his lips against my ear. "Will it get you inside?"

"Yes." I turned in his arms, letting him know I was ready.

We walked down the row of white, tidy cottages. I could hear the sound of the waves in the distance as I waited for him to unlock the door. We walked in, and he closed the door behind us, locking it before pushing me up against it. "Alone at last."

I ran a hand down his chest. "I'm so glad you're here."

"So am I. It's been way too long." His lips went right to my neck as he used a hand to capture mine and pin them above my head. It was a more assertive move than I expected from him, and I liked it. "You're not getting a wink of sleep tonight."

"I'm not?" I pushed my body against his. "What am I going to be doing?"

"Me. You're going to be doing me, babe."

I laughed. "How long have you been waiting to use that line?"

He slipped his free hand under my long sleeve t-shirt and bra, cupping my breast. "A while."

"Yeah?" The feel of his hand made the need so much worse. I'd been waiting for his touch for too long.

He unclasped my bra, releasing my breasts. He let go of my wrists long enough to pull my shirt over my head and to finish removing my bra. As soon as the material hit the floor, he had my hands pinned again. Shirtless, the position felt far more vulnerable. He continued undressing me, using his free hand to slowly slide down my jeans. He left them wrapped around my ankles. My panties followed my jeans. He pulled off his t-shirt as his eyes devoured my body. He still had my wrists captured, and my jeans and panties at my feet made them feel just as bound.

I wasn't embarrassed. With Aaron, I would have been begging him to stop, but I loved the way Chase watched me. It wasn't critical and there was no smirk. "You look so sexy right now. I wish I could take a picture."

"Only the mental kind's allowed."

"I know." He kissed my breast before replacing his lips with his teeth, lightly grazing me. I moaned at the contact.

He moved his hand between my legs. My first instinct was to close up.

"Relax, it's just me." His words were whispered in my ear, and without conscious thought, I opened up to him.

"Nice to know you're ready for me."

"I've been ready for you for weeks."

"Glad I can finally take care of you."

"Take care of me now," I pleaded. I wanted him more than I'd ever wanted someone before.

"Right now?"

"Chase."

"I'm just checking."

"Chase. Please."

"All right, it's not like you have to beg."

He bent down to slide my jeans and panties the rest of the way off. Even though my wrists were free, I didn't move them an inch. I had no desire to.

He unbuttoned his pants and shrugged out of them and his underwear before picking me up and carrying me down the hall to a bedroom. He pulled back the covers and gently laid me down and settled next to me. "How do you want it, Cara? How do you want me?"

Something was different about him. He seemed so much more forward, so much less careful. That made me want to be the same way. "I want you on top. I want to feel the weight of you on top of me."

"Your wish is my command."

"A little cocky today, aren't you?" I tried to control my racing heart. This was finally happening again.

"A little high-on you." He unwrapped a condom and put it on before moving above me. "Now all I want to do is get inside of you."

"Guess what? I want you inside me. That makes this convenient."

"Oh, such dirty bedroom talk."

"You want dirty talk?" I thrust my hips against him, wanting him to see how much I needed him.

"I'd love to hear you talk dirty, Cara."

Maybe it was because the whole thing started as a joke, but I suddenly had limitless confidence. "Take me, Chase. Take me until I forget everything else but you."

His eyes widened as he thrust inside me so quickly I barely processed what was happening. He didn't start slow, he didn't start gentle. He moved fast in deep and hard movements that left me grabbing onto the bed post behind me to keep myself anchored. "Is this what you wanted?"

"Yes."

"Is this enough?" He thrust harder.

"More."

He listened, and I could barely tell which way was up. I couldn't concentrate on anything but Chase and the way he made me feel. I was lost in him, and I never wanted to be found.

"Chase!" I yelled out his name, glad I didn't have to worry about anyone listening.

"Oh, Cara." He shuddered, groaning as he found his release.

I kissed him hard on the lips. "I should talk dirty to you more often."

He laughed. "That was unexpected, but really good."

"Unexpected? You knew what we were going to do when you brought me here."

"I knew we were going to have sex-but that. That wasn't just sex."

I laughed. "That was the result of pent up sexual frustration."

"Let's hope we both have more of it. I want at least a dozen repeats tonight."

"A dozen? Aren't you pushing your luck?"

"I already admitted to being cocky." He kissed my neck.

"At least this time I don't feel guilty about us having sex before talking."

"We've done plenty of talking-but we still need to do more."

"Oh? About anything in particular?"

"About you. About what happened, about how you're feeling." He repositioned me so that I was resting my head on his chest.

"Do we have to talk about that now?"

"Yes." He rubbed my back. "I don't want to be pushy, but I need to know you're taking every step necessary to protect yourself-physically and emotionally."

"I'm fine. Completely fine."

"Your ex-boyfriend assaulted your friend. What would have happened if you'd been alone?"

"Nothing. He wouldn't have hurt me."

He put a hand under my chin so I'd look up at him. "How do you know?"

"Because he's not the kind of guy who hits girls."

"First of all, I didn't just mean hit."

I shivered at the implication in his words.

Chase wrapped me up tighter. "I'm sorry to worry you, but I've seen this enough. And are you sure you know what kind of guy he is? When you were together, would you have expected him to punch a guy?"

"No." Chase was making complete sense, but that didn't mean I wanted to hear it.

"Riley offered to walk you through the restraining order process."

"I can't do that. I just can't."

"Then what can you do? I care about you, Cara. How am I supposed to leave tomorrow if I don't know that you're protected?"

"Reed's going to keep him in line, and I never walk anywhere alone at night. Besides, he wants to go to law school. Harassing me isn't worth not getting in."

"Will you promise me you'll be careful? And you can always crash at Riley's if you feel safer there. He wants you to know that."

I ran my hand down Chase's chest. "I'm going to be fine. I live in a house filled with people. I'm safe."

"Will you do something else for me then?" He looked at me nervously.

"What?"

"Please don't get mad and say I'm sexist and controlling or anything like that. Remember, I'm saying this as your boyfriend who cares about you."

"Boyfriend?"

"Yes. What else would I call myself?"

I grinned.

"Okay, now that you're in a good mood, I'll continue. I know we talk every night at some point, but could you just call or text me when you're in for the night?"

"Seriously?"

"Yeah. Even just to say you're home." His face was so open and honest.

"Does that really matter to you? Is it that important?"

"Very. My only other option is to hire a PI to follow you. I figured you'd prefer this." He smiled.

"You can hold off on the PI. I agree, but no freaking out if you don't hear from me until late. I go out sometimes."

"I know. And that's a good thing. You're supposed to have an active and exciting social life. Well, if it involves girls."

I swatted at him.

"I'm kidding, but you know I get that. I want you to enjoy college. Just tell me you're going out late. You don't have to tell me why or where you're going. I'm not trying to play psycho stalker. Just give me a heads up that you'll be late. If it makes you feel better, I'll do the same thing."

"You're going to text me to tell me you're home?"

"I already call you when I get in at night. That's why you never get sleep. But I can check in and tell you when I'm going to an after party or something."

"I love that you're offering that."

"I can play fair. I want you to get the fact that this is not an attempt to be controlling. It's just the only way I'm going to be able to handle being apart from you."

"I wish you didn't have to leave."

He sighed. "I know. I'll have more down time soon."

"Good." I snuggled into his side and closed my eyes.

"Oh no. No sleeping. We haven't even had dinner yet."

"Oh, dinner. What are we having?"

"We're making eggplant parmesan."

"You remembered that was my favorite."

"I remember the important things."

"Just the mention of it has me hungry." I sat up, ready to get dressed.

"Here, wear this." He got out on the other side of the bed and dug through his bag. He tossed me a t-shirt.

I read the front. "A Chance of a Lifetime shirt?" I slipped into the shirt and put my panties back on.

"You look too good in that shirt." He came up behind me and squeezed my ass. "Please tell me I can get a picture of you in it."

"How about I let you get a picture right before you take it off me?"

His eyes widened again. "Okay, that's easy."

He grabbed his phone and took a picture.

"Hey. I said you had to wait."

"You said I had to wait until I was ready to take it off you." He stepped toward me, tossing aside his phone and taking off the underwear he'd just put back on. "I'm ready." He pulled off the t-shirt. "This should wake you up."

Chapter Fourteen

I had a Chase hangover. As he'd promised, we hadn't slept a wink. We'd had sex, talked, and had sex again. We'd even taken two showers the next morning-one to cool off after the sex we had in the first one. It was as though we couldn't get enough of each other, and in some ways, we couldn't. Maybe we were both trying to stock up on the physical intimacy so we could hold onto it during the time we were apart.

I held in the tears when he dropped me off outside my house. I knew it was only going to be a few more weeks, but I didn't want to say goodbye. Every taste of Chase left me wanting more. I was going to have to keep myself busy. Sitting around and missing him wasn't going to help anything. Besides, he kept emphasizing how important it was that I had a real college experience. Maybe he had a point.

My phone rang as soon as I got back to my room after catching up with a few of my sisters. I answered right away when I saw it was Jade. "Hey."

"Hey! How are you?"

"In terms of the Aaron stuff or the Chase stuff?"

"Wait, what Chase stuff? I only heard about Aaron going psycho."

"Chase drove down here to see me."

"Seriously?" Her voice lilted. "That was really sweet. What did you guys do?"

"I'll leave that to your imagination."

"Okay. Point taken. Are you doing all right about the other part?" She avoided using his name again, and I appreciated it. Hearing it still sent a stab through me. I wondered if I'd feel that way every time I met someone with his name. Hopefully it would eventually fade. "What are you up to today?"

"Class, lunch with the roomies, and class. No plans for tonight."

"How about a show? It's another small venue one. It's more electronic this time, but I think you'll like it."

I didn't hesitate with my answer. Another show with Jade sounded perfect. "Absolutely. Want to do dinner beforehand?"

"Yes! I already need a break from school food."

"I hear you there. Want to meet me at the house at seven?"

"Yes. I'll be there."

"Great, have a good day." I hung up with a grin. I wasn't wasting any time jumping into my keeping busy plan.

Before leaving for my class, I sent Chase a text. Going to a show with Jade tonight. I might be late.

I knew he was stopping by to see Riley before he left town, so I didn't expect an immediate answer. I got one. Can I tell you how awesome you are?

Sure. You remember what flattery got you last time.

Oh, Cara. You're killing me. Any chance I can get a quickie before I leave?

As tempting as it sounded, if he was being serious of course, I couldn't go through the goodbye again. Let's leave this visit with that shower. Nothing can beat that.

Fine, be that way.

Remember I'm awesome.

That you are. Miss you already. What show are you seeing?

I forgot to ask. Something electronic I think.

Maddox Trance? He's doing a show at the Tin Oak tonight I think.

Maybe.

If it's him, tell Maddox I said hi.

A friend of yours? Was Maddox Trance someone's actual name?

Yes... let me know if that's who you're seeing. If so, he could be good for Jade's show.

Oh, great! I'll ask Jade. Have a safe trip.

Have a fantastic day. I'll be thinking about you.

I pocketed my phone and headed out to class. The sun was shining, I'd had an amazing night with Chase, and I had a fun night planned with a friend. Things were going to be okay.

***

"I've got some exciting news for you." I practically skipped out on the porch to meet Jade. I was still flying high. Kyle had seemed completely better in class, so even that guilt was starting to lessen.

"Exciting news, huh?"

"It turns out Chase is friends with Maddox Trance, and supposedly when we stop to get tickets, if we tell them who we are, they'll get us backstage."

"What!" She jumped up and down. "That's awesome."

"Chase thought this would give you a chance to talk to him about the show."

"Awesome! Hopefully, Maddox is the type who stays up so late that five a.m. isn't a problem."

I laughed. "Chase seemed confident Maddox would be cooperative. Whatever that means."

"Even if he says no to doing the show, meeting him will be cool."

I had never heard Maddox's music, but I took Jade's word that he was good.

The night was warm, and we both dressed comfortably in jeans and sneakers, so we decided to walk over to the Tin Oak for the show.

"Without going into details, what was your night with Chase like? How are you feeling about everything right now?"

"It was good." My body warmed thinking about the hours we spent together. "Almost too good."

"Too good?"

"I mean I miss him already, and I keep waiting for the other shoe to drop. Why is he so determined to be with me? I mean, he can't stay interested forever."

"Why not? You're gorgeous, smart, and funny. What more would he want?"

"He doesn't seem to care that we don't have much in common, but maybe he will eventually."

"What do you mean you don't have much in common? Just because you're not into music?"

"Partly. I mean his show was the first one I'd been to that wasn't in a giant stadium, and even then I've only been to a handful."

"And this is your second in a few weeks. You were excited to come. That should tell you something."

"Yeah. You're right." I'd been listening to more music than I had in my life. Admittedly, it was mostly Chance of a Lifetime so I could hear Chase's voice, but still it counted for something.

"Of course I am." She pushed the button so we could cross at the cross walk. "Now we just have to find me a hot musician."

"You mean you aren't holding out for Len?"

She shook her head. "He's a nice guy, but I'm not the one night stand type. He figured that out-and he's actually texted me a few times with stupid pictures. I get the sense he wants to be friends."

"Well, that's cool. I mean you're so into music, being friends with a guy like that could be fun."

"And he's funny. We can all use guy friends. Like you have Kyle."

"Yeah. Although that's still pretty recent. I feel horrible about his nose."

"He's loving the bragging rights. He's a really nice guy."

"I know. He mentioned you two know each other."

"Yeah, and he's going to be taking over as the student manager at the station next year."

"Really? But he's only going to be a junior."

"It's pretty much unprecedented, but I'm glad it's him. He'll do a good job."

"And give you a better time slot next year."

"He better."

There was no line outside this time, so we went right up to the desk. "Two tickets please, and my name is supposedly on a list to let us backstage."

"What's your name?" The guy looked up.

"Cara Winters."

"Oh yeah. Right here, and is this Jade Cambridge?"

She nodded.

"Great. Put your wallet away, your tickets are free. Enjoy the show."

Jade and I exchanged looks. "Thanks."

"No problem." The guy gave us a long look before handing us what looked like bright green business cards with our names on it. "Nice to meet you, Cara and Jade."

"These get us backstage?" I asked.

"What were you expecting?"

"Nothing." I followed Jade in.

"Not the backstage passes you imagined." Jade bumped her shoulder into mine.

"Not exactly, but at least it's a pretty color."

Jade laughed. "See, I bet that's part of what Chase sees in you."

"What, my fabulous sense of humor?"

"Exactly."

A small crowd congregated by the bar, and a few others stood in groups of three and four in the main area of the room. We were early, but I hoped for the band's sake that more people showed up. Jade seemed unconcerned as we made our way to the stage.

There was no one blocking our entrance to the stage. No one asked to see our shining green cards either. Instead, we just walked back like it was something we did all the time. I guess it was our second time backstage recently.

The backstage area was dimly lit, and we walked slowly along toward the sound of voices. Finally, we came to a small room with faded walls, a worn out couch, and a folding table with bottled water. The couch was filled with four people, two guys and two girls.

"Can we help you?" one of the guys who couldn't have been more than my age asked. He glanced up at us with eyeliner rimmed eyes.

Since I had no idea what Maddox looked like, I let Jade handle things.

Jade strode over to a guy probably in his mid-twenties who sat on the corner cushion of the sectional couch. "Maddox, hey. Chase Denton said we could come back and chat with you tonight."

"Oh, hey. Which one of you is Cara?"

"That would be me." I stepped over near him.

"Nice. Chase said you were gorgeous." He held out his hand. "Maddox Trance, nice to meet you." Maddox turned to Jade. "And you're Jade then?"

"Yes."

"You're the one who has a radio show with Cara at Harrison?"

"Did Chase tell you about it?" Jade switched into animated mode. She didn't seem to mind that he inferred we did the show together. She had asked me to help, after all.

I glanced around at the others. Eyeliner guy was staring at me. "You're Chase's girl?"

Chase's girl? That was a new one. I found I liked the way it sounded-and felt. "Yes, I'm dating Chase."

"You don't look like his type."

"Maybe not his usual type." I didn't know exactly what his type was, but I assumed it wasn't of the sorority girl variety. My clothes didn't exactly match what his friends wore.

A girl with her blonde hair tied into pigtail braids laughed. "So, what's Chase really like? Is he really so sweet, or is it all an act?"

"He's sweet." And sexy. I left the second part off.

Maddox leaned back against the couch. "So, I'm definitely on board for an on-air interview. Just tell me when and where."

"Friday at five a.m. We're right on Harrison's campus."

His eyes narrowed. "Five a.m.?"

"Yeah... I'm a freshman."

Maddox laughed. "Okay, here's the deal. Thursday night hang out with me to keep me up until then, and I'll be there."

He must have noticed the look of panic that crossed her face.

"Uh not in the way you're thinking. Just hang out. I feel old now. Let me see how college kids party these days."

Jade visibly relaxed. "Nothing but the Rat stays open that late."

"Harrison has a Rathskeller?" the other girl sitting there asked.

"Yeah... don't most schools?"

"Not anymore." She ran a hand through her purple highlighted hair. "Any interest in interviewing us too?"

"You guys want in too?" Jade seemed excited. "I'm sure my listeners would love to hear from Pearberry, but why don't we schedule for another week so the focus is on you?"

"Really?" By the surprise on their faces, I guessed that they weren't exactly music giants yet.

I still had no idea who eyeliner guy was. He just sat there staring at me. "Can I help you?"

"What?" He wore a blank expression.

"You just seemed to be staring at me like you wanted to say something."

"No. I was just staring at you because I wanted to."

I looked at Jade. Was this guy for real? "Okay..."

I turned my back on him and tried to ignore him even though I had a feeling he was now staring at my ass.

"You must be the inspiration for his Sex on the Beach song. Nice." Eyeliner spoke to my back.

I turned around. "Does it matter?"

"No. I was just wondering how Chase managed that. I mean, he's not a bad looking guy, but you're really hot."

I blinked a few times. The girls both laughed. "Jimmy, just stop while you're ahead."

"I'm just saying."

"Jimmy? Is that your name?"

"Yes. I'm the newest member of Pearberry."

"He's playing the tambourine," Pigtails expanded.

"Oh. Cool." I decided not to comment. There was something cool about a girl band picking up a guy to play tambourine. Talk about gender role reversal.

"Well, then you're welcome to come to the interview too," Jade offered.

"Will you be there?" He focused on me again.

Before I could answer, Jade did. "Yes. We'll be doing the interviews together."

"Isn't that fantastic?" I glared at Jade. Was she really going to make me see this weirdo again?

"Do you girls want to watch the show from back here or go out front?" Maddox asked. He was by far the quietest of the group.

"Oh, I think we'll watch from out front. It's the real experience that way." Jade grinned. It was so much fun to see her in her element.

My phone vibrated in my back pocket. I pulled it out to see a text from Chase. Hope you're enjoying the show tonight. Wish you were going to be at mine.

It hasn't started. Been interesting chatting backstage. I do want to see one of your shows again.

You will in Savannah.

Can't wait.

Me either, babe.

I put my phone away and didn't bother to hide my goofy smile. Talking to Chase always put me in such a good mood.

Chapter Fifteen

Four thirty came way too early on Friday, but I needed at least that much time to get over to the station. Kyle had agreed to come in as well in case Jade needed some help. I knew I wasn't going to help much because I had no clue what we were doing. From what I gathered, Jade's show usually involved her playing music and interspersing it with some talking. Interviewing musicians and having them perform live was something new.

Jade was a bundle of nerves as she set everything up. Maddox seemed content sitting back and watching as she frantically moved about. In the end, Maddox had let us off the 'stay up all night' hook. Instead, he had Jade call to wake him up. I hadn't had a chance to ask her how that went.

"Calm down. It's going to be okay." Kyle smiled at her. "Just be natural, ask a few questions, and then he'll perform."

"I feel so bad he's here. It's five a.m. What if no one's even listening?"

"They are. We advertised this." I'd spent the better part of Thursday afternoon hanging flyers around campus and at local businesses.

"But it's five a.m."

"Then consider it good practice." I tried to reassure her. No matter what happened, it was going to be a fun experience. "Where do you want me to sit and watch?"

"Keep it down," Jade hissed. "Maddox is only doing this because he thinks we work as a team-so we're working as a team."

"Okay. I can sit and look pretty." I picked up a set of headphones. "Let's do this."

Jade started off a little shaky. I'd listened to her recorded shows before, and normally she sounded much more confident. I considered reaching over to squeeze her hand but worried the contact might throw her off.

"How'd you first get into music?" She threw him an easy question, and I hoped that would put everyone at ease.

"My parents are both really musical. They had me playing the piano by the time I was five, and I never really stopped." He smiled. I gathered he was thinking back on happy childhood memories.

"That's cool. I know that your first album was much more indie-rock. What brought on the change?"

"I just got bored. I wish I had a better explanation, but really I just followed my interest."

I waited for Jade to continue, but she froze. I mean completely froze. She must have been expecting a different response from him or something. Kyle mouthed, "Do something," because we were having serious dead air time.

I clicked the button they'd explained turned on my microphone. "Hey, Maddox, I was wondering if we could shift this conversation over to the personal side."

"The personal side? Uh oh. Where's this going?" He smiled, clearly not concerned.

I decided to run with a line of questioning I knew better. "Do you have a girlfriend?"

"No, not right now. But I am in the market."

"Did you hear that, ladies? Maddox Trance is available and looking for the right girl." I glanced at Jade to make sure she was okay with what I was doing. She seemed relieved, so I continued. "So Maddox, what would this perfect girl be like?"

"Hmm, tough question. I mean what is perfect anyway?"

"And he's philosophical too." Wow, I was teasing the guy. What was going on with me?

"If you want philosophical, talk to your boyfriend. I can't imagine what his pillow talk is like."

"For those of you who don't know, Cara's boyfriend is Chase Denton of Chance of a Lifetime." Jade was back.

I crossed my legs, trying to get more comfortable. The Chase pillow talk comment had thrown me off. "We're not talking about Chase right now, Maddox. We're talking about you. Surely there are certain traits you look for in a partner."

"She has to be nice. I don't want a girl who's going to make fun of anyone else. She also has to be super low-maintenance. Make-up and stuff is a major turn-off."

"You like the natural look, huh?"

"Exactly." He adjusted the bill of his Clemson baseball cap. The grin hadn't left his face since I started my line of questioning.

"Anything else?"

I noticed some annoying red light flashing but ignored it.

He shifted on his stool. "Ideally, she'd like my music."

"That's a bonus, although I had no clue Chase was even a musician when we got together." Clearly, I was getting too comfortable if I was willingly sharing personal information.

"Really?" Maddox sat forward. "He never mentioned that detail."

"We'll save that story for when he's on the air. So blonde or brunette, what's your preference?"

"Brunette usually."

Two more lights started flashing, so I looked to Jade for help. She grinned. "Looks like we've got some calls, people. That's a first for this show." She clicked on one of the buttons. "Hi, you're on the air."

"Hi, Maddox. My name's Virginia."

"Hi, Virginia." He smiled.

"I'm a big fan of your Reds album, and well, you're adorable, so I'd love to go out sometime."

"Wait, are you asking me out?" Maddox rested his feet on his stool.

"Yes." The caller giggled.

I glanced at my watch. It wasn't even five fifteen. Impressive.

"All right, Virginia. I'll get your info in case Maddox wants to take you up on that." Jade clicked off on that one and got another. "You're on the air with Maddox Trance."

"Hey, Maddox." It was another girl. "I have a boyfriend, so I'm not offering myself up, but my roommate is a cute brunette who I think you'd like."

The calls continued, and Maddox and I kept our banter going. It was light, easy, and fun. Jade got into it, and we even managed to squeeze in some music talk. Before we knew it, Maddox was performing.

I turned on my stool so I could watch him. I'd never been a big fan of electronic music, but Maddox had a cool sound. He also sang on top of a heavy bass line and eclectic beats which made it work for me. I just don't like music without words. I need lyrics to help me connect.

When Maddox finished, I let Jade do the closing. I figured I'd done my part. Hopefully Jade was okay with the direction I'd taken things. She seemed excited by the listener response we got. She put on some music to close out the hour before the next hosts started.

"That was fun, ladies." Maddox packed up his gear. "I'll have to tune in to see who else you have on."

"Thanks so much for coming. I know it was really early." Jade stood from her stool.

"It was well worth it, but I'm going to go collapse."

"Nice seeing you again." I smiled.

"Same to you. Chase picked well with you."

"Thanks." I gathered up my coffee cup and purse.

Maddox waved again before disappearing through the door.

"You're the best." Jade surprised me with a hug.

"Oh, it was just some quick thinking."

"It was awesome. I can't believe you thought of that on the spot." Kyle joined us. He'd sat in the back of the booth mostly.

"I don't know enough about music to ask relevant questions, so I just changed to a topic I like better."

Kyle laughed. "I've got an interesting idea, but you can both feel free to veto it."

"Let us hear it." I shifted my bag to the more comfortable shoulder.

Kyle stretched his arm to his back. "Want to use my time slot? We can all work together."

We? Did that still include me? "Wait. Do you mean I'm doing this going forward?"

He smiled. "Yeah. And it's an eight p.m. show so you can't even complain about getting up early."

"We got participation at this hour. Can you imagine our reach at night?" Jade was giddy.

"Oh yeah, we can call it Sleeping with the Band." I laughed. "Just kidding."

"That's perfect!" Jade hugged me. "Sexy, innuendo, different. It's going to work."

I turned to Kyle. "Are you really okay turning your hour into a Sleeping with the Band segment?"

"It was my idea, and why not? It doesn't have to be every week, and we play music all day. People want something different once in a while. They want something personal. What's better than having sexy sorority girls questioning their favorite local musicians?"

"We can even take requests for guests," Jade added excitedly.

I felt a surge of excitement of my own. "Chase is going to laugh so hard when he hears this idea."

"Then call him."

"It's not even seven a.m."

"So? I thought you told me he wakes you up to talk in the middle of the night all the time. This is exciting for you." Jade leaned against the table.

"All right. I'll give in to peer pressure." I dialed him.

Chase's sleepy voice answered. "Cara?"

"Sorry to wake you up, but I just did a really cool radio show with Jade. I interviewed Maddox and got him to talk about the girl he's looking for and we're going to make it a thing. We're calling it Sleeping with the Band."

"Wow." He laughed. "I don't think I've ever heard you so worked up about something."

"I know, right? Kyle is here and he wants in, so he's going to let us use his eight p.m. time slot instead. It's going to work so much better. Obviously, you'll have to come on sometime."

"Well, your listeners are hopefully already aware of who I'm sleeping with."

"Yeah... Jade made sure of that."

He laughed again. "I like this for you. You sound happy, and that makes me happy."

"All right, you can go back to sleep."

"Wish you were here," he added sleepily.

"Same here. Only a few more weeks."

"I'll be there before you know it."

"I know."

"I'll call you when I get up."

"Okay, bye." I hung up and slipped my phone back into my bag.

"You guys are too cute." Jade headed to the door.

The next show's hosts had already arrived. After a brief introduction, we made our way outside.

"Anyone want to do breakfast at Hominy Grill?" Kyle asked.

"Yes, that sounds perfect." My stomach was already growling.

"Good, I'll drive." Kyle dug his keys out of his pocket and we headed over to his car.

Breakfast with my new co-hosts sounded perfect.

Chapter Sixteen

"Get packed." Mallory pulled a small duffel down from my closet and tossed it onto the floor in front of me.

"Why?" I set aside the history book I was reading.

"Because we're going on a road trip." She grinned, and I knew she was up to something.

"A road trip?"

"Yes." She pulled on a t-shirt over a sports bra. "Juliet and I've been talking, and you need this."

"Need what exactly?" I still hadn't gotten out of my chair. I'd learned that the ask questions later mentality could be dangerous with Mallory.

"A pick me up. You're in Chase withdrawal. You're listening to his music on repeat and staying up all night talking to him."

"How do you know I'm staying up late?"

"Because love, those circles under your eyes didn't get there by accident."

"I'm fine. As much fun as a girl's weekend sounds, I'm really okay. We're all busy-"

"Who said anything about a girl's weekend?" She grinned.

"Wait, what are you suggesting?"

"He's in Nashville. I already checked. If we leave right after morning classes, we'll make it to his show tonight."

"Isn't that like eight hours from here?"

She laughed. "And you just happened to know precisely how many hours Chase was from you?"

I picked up the duffel off the floor. "Yes..."

"Pack up now so we don't have to do it later." She tied her running shoes.

"Who's we? Is Juliet in?"

"Of course, plus Jade's coming, and Colt volunteered to drive."

"Colt? So, the guys are coming?" Considering we were going to see Chase, I didn't mind if they brought the guys, but Mallory hadn't mentioned that part of the plan yet.

"Just Colt. Reed's working."

"He really doesn't mind driving us up there?"

"Nope. He enjoys long drives."

"I'm going to see Chase in a few weeks, I can make it."

"Yes, technically you can. But why should you suffer?"

"You are all seriously okay with this?" I tried to contain my excitement. As much as I wanted to see Chase, I wasn't looking forward to putting my friends out.

"Yes. One hundred percent."

I grinned. "All right. I can't wait to tell Chase."

Mallory paused in the doorway. "Surprise him. Call when we're already on the way."

"Strangely enough, I agree with you."

She laughed. "Strangely enough? Like this is the first time?"

"Not the absolute first time."

She rolled her eyes. "In all your excitement, don't forget to pack before you leave for class."

"I won't. Thanks for this."

"Of course." She walked back in and hugged me. "This is going to be fun."

"I'm sure it's going to be quite the experience."

***

We weren't as excited as we sat in completely stop dead traffic on the interstate that evening. I stared at the time on my phone even though it would have been just as easy to look at the clock mounted to the dashboard of Colt's Suburban.

"I'm sorry, Cara. I can't believe how much traffic we've hit." Colt turned over his shoulder to look at me.

"Why are you apologizing? You're the one who was nice enough to drive me. I'm the one who should be apologizing, since the rest of you would rather be back on campus."

"Not true." Juliet patted my leg. "I'm excited to see Chase perform."

"I don't think we'll be seeing anything tonight." Jade glanced at her watch. "There's no chance we'll get there in time."

"I guess this is why it's good we didn't tell Chase we were coming in advance." I tried to hide my disappointment. My friends were being awesome by schlepping all the way up to Tennessee with me.

"You should probably give him a heads up we'll be there eventually." Mallory turned around. "We may miss the show, but the real reason we're going has to do with what happens after."

Colt stretched and rested his hand behind Mallory's seat. He's one of those sexy cowboy types that you'd think just exist in magazines. Mallory and Colt had grown up together, and sometimes I wished I'd had that happen to me. Maybe relationships would be simpler if you knew each other so well beforehand. Going down that line of thinking just made me think about Aaron's ex back home. I pushed off the thoughts. "I'd call him. At least let him know you'll be there tonight."

I called, ignoring the disappointment when I got his voicemail. "Hey, I need to tell you something. Give me a call when you can."

"Were you intentionally trying to make him think you're dumping him?" Colt asked.

"What?" I pushed away my seatbelt slightly so I could look around at Colt. "That's how it sounded?"

"If Mallory called me and told me she had to tell me something, I'd think either I messed up or she was pregnant. I guess he might assume the second one too."

"Oh my god. I need to call back."

"So you can make him sweat it more? If he sees two missed calls, he's just going to worry more."

I sighed. "Next time I'm having someone else leave the message."

Colt laughed. "Or try just saying 'Hey, it's Cara. Call me.' That's all you needed to say."

Thirty agonizing minutes later, we were still hours away, and my phone was still silent. I was about to try him back when my phone finally rang.

"Sorry, I was in sound checks. What's going on? Are you okay?" He sounded just as worried as Colt predicted.

"Nothing, I just. Well, I was originally calling to see if you could set some tickets aside for me tonight, but it doesn't look like you'll have to now."

"Tickets? Why would I do that? Are you in Tennessee? And why shouldn't I do it anymore?" His voice was a mix of alarm and slight excitement.

"We're stuck in traffic. We're not going to make it."

"Not going to make it to the show, but you'll still be here in Nashville tonight?" Now his voice was all excitement.

"That's the plan."

"Wow, that's awesome. I got so nervous when I heard the message."

"Colt thought you'd think I was dumping you or telling you I was pregnant."

"My mind actually went immediately to Aaron. I was afraid he did something to you."

"Ugh. No. I'm safe and sound with my friends." I hated even hearing his name.

I heard muffled talking before Chase continued. "Is Jade with you?"

"Why? Is Len asking?" I winked at Jade.

"Yes."

"She's here."

"I've never seen Len this excited to see a girl he's not going to sleep with, so that's cool."

I laughed. "Where should I meet you? We got rooms at the hotel you're at." It sounded stalkerish, but Chase usually kept me in the loop in case of an emergency. Really he was worried about Aaron. He'd also given me Len's number for the same reason.

"I guess it depends on what time then. Call or text me as soon as you're here."

"I can't wait to see you."

"Me either. I miss you like crazy."

"I miss you too." I hung up.

"Awww, you guys are so cute it makes me sick." Juliet made a face.

"I'm not going to argue. We are cute."

She laughed. "Doing long distance last summer with Reed was hard. Spending the early stage of a relationship apart would be even harder."

"Tell me about it." I leaned back in my seat.

Colt turned on the radio as we continued to crawl. A few songs later, Chase's familiar sexy voice filled the speakers. Sex on the Beach was flying up the charts.

At nine o'clock, the traffic finally opened up and we started to move. We stopped for food and restrooms about an hour from the city, and I discovered that I still had one problem.

Finally we reached Nashville and found the hotel. I'd been sending Chase text updates over the past hour, but I happily sent one last one as we pulled into the lot. We're here. He'd assured me he was leaving right after the show to head back to the hotel.

Without waiting for a response, I got out and went around to the tail gate where Colt was pulling out our bags.

"You're a sight for sore eyes." Chase's arms came around my waist and his face nuzzled in my neck. "I'm not dreaming, right? You are actually here?"

I turned in his arms. "Considering how many hours we've been in the car, no it's real." I kissed him lightly on the lips.

"Completely worth the wait." The hunger in his eyes was intense, and my problem seemed even worse.

"You need to meet Colt. He put up with us nagging him for hours just to get me here." I gestured to where Colt stood watching.

Chase turned, keeping an arm around me while he shook Colt's hands. "Nice to meet you, man. I owe you."

"Not a problem. Cara's a cool girl and from what I understand, she's been missing you."

"Yeah, well, I've been missing her too." He pulled me into his side. "You guys must be exhausted."

"More like ready to do anything but sit in a car." Juliet slung her duffel over her shoulder. "I'm still bummed we missed you guys perform."

"Yeah, I understand. It sucks that you hit so much traffic. It's going to sound like a lame offer, but if you guys come up to the suite, I can play some stuff for you. Would that help?"

"Yes, it definitely would." Jade smiled. "I've been hearing all about your new material, but I've only heard the ones you played in Charleston."

"All right, then. Let's head in."

Chase refused to let Colt pay for two rooms. He talked to the clerk at the desk, and we all headed into the elevator.

Chase hadn't even inserted the key into the door when it swung open.

"Jade, my girl!" Len pulled a surprised Jade into a hug. "I've missed you."

She put a hand on her hip. "I know. You called me at three a.m. the other night."

"Yeah... sorry about that. I just wanted to talk to someone normal."

"I'm going to pretend that doesn't imply that we're not normal." Jessa gave me a surprise of my own by hugging me. "Nice to see you again, Cara."

"Yeah, same to you."

We walked further into the suite. Set up with several couches and tables, it was far bigger than I expected. I glanced around at the doors located on each wall of the room. "Nice room."

"It works for us." Chase smiled and picked up his guitar. "Not to rush things, but if I'm performing anything, it's gotta be right now. Afterwards, no one's seeing me until tomorrow. Well, besides Cara, of course." He winked and patted the space next to him on the couch.

"Thanks for that."

"Anytime, babe." He kissed me on the cheek.

If his bandmates were surprised by his impromptu performance, they didn't show it. My friends took seats and eagerly watched.

He started with Sex on the Beach before breaking into a new one called Water Walks. It didn't take long to realize that one was about me too. There was something so incredible about discovering you've influenced someone's music. Still, I couldn't get into the songs too much. I had no idea how he was going to react to my news.

After three songs, Chase put down his guitar. "Now if you'll excuse me, I have other matters to attend to."

Mallory laughed. "Yeah, I'm surprised you even made it this long."

"Me too." Chase took my arm and pulled me toward one set of doors. I took a deep breath as Chase closed and locked the doors behind us.

"Hey, what's wrong?" He brushed my hair back from my face.

"I have something to tell you."

"Huh? By your response to seeing me, I'm going to assume you aren't interested in ending things...?"

"No, nothing that drastic. It's just bad timing tonight."

"Bad timing?" He wrinkled his brow until his whole face relaxed. "Oh. It's that time of the month?"

"Yeah... it came a few days early."

"Oh. That's okay. Obviously, it's a little disappointing, but you're still here. We still have a night to hang out in person." He took my hand and led me over to the bed. "And I still get to hold you all night."

"Really? You're that cool with it?" I sighed with relief. Sex during my period was not on my to-do list.

"Why wouldn't I be?"

"Because we can't have sex."

"Yeah, but like I said, I still get to hold you." He lay down and pulled me down next to him. "And that's worth a lot to me."

"You're awesome." I snuggled against him.

"You are too, so it all works out." He played with a few strands of my hair. "Let's play a game."

"What?" I leaned up on one elbow.

"Usually when we're together, we're too busy doing other things." He raised an eyebrow. "I figure this is the perfect time to learn even more about each other."

"And we have to do that in a game?"

"Why not?" He shifted to look at me better. "I'll go first. I'll ask you a question. If you don't answer you have to do a dare. Got it?"

I laughed. "Like truth or dare?"

"Maybe." He smiled. "You ready?"

"Okay." I tried not to get nervous. There weren't any questions I was afraid to answer.

"What's your favorite ice cream flavor?"

"My favorite ice cream flavor? That's my truth?"

"You can tell a lot about someone by the ice cream they prefer. Besides, I need to know for future reference."

"Chocolate chip cookie dough."

"Oh, you're one of those girls?" He poked my side.

"There's a type of girl who likes chocolate cookie dough ice cream?"

"Sure. I mean it is the best kind after all."

"Wait, it's your favorite too?"

He laughed. "Wow, you're actually excited. See, I knew this game would be fun."

"Surprisingly so. My turn."

He put his hands behind his head. "Let me have it."

"Fly or drive?"

"Drive if I have the time and company."

I felt the same way. "Because you get to see more of the country that way. It's more real. You really understand how a location fits into the greater picture."

"And now I know you can read minds."

I laughed. "Not quite, but we seem to have a lot of random things in common."

"We both also like each other. That's convenient too."

"Just a little."

We spent the entire night talking. It felt so good to curl up in his arms and actually feel his body next to mine.

"I'm so glad you came." He kissed me lightly as we watched the sun rise the next morning.

"Me too. Hopefully we can time things better next time."

"I'd like that-but I also liked this. It doesn't always have to be about the sex."

"Sometimes I wonder if you're real."

"Oh? Do I seem fake?" He ran a hand down my bare stomach. Our shirts hadn't lasted long the night before. In fact, we'd ended up in just underwear fairly quickly. Neither of us wanted anything more than necessary separating us.

"More like too good to be true." I traced my hand down his chest.

"Just so you know, you fall into that category too."

"Only a few more weeks until I see you again."

"I know." He pulled me on top of him. "This was a very nice treat to hold me over though."

"I like being a treat for you."

He laughed. "You always are, babe. You always are."

Chapter Seventeen

By the time we got back from the Tennessee trip, it was already time to start preparing for the next radio show. Since this was our first official Sleeping with the Band segment, we wanted it to be perfect. I was excited to do another show, but I knew my friends were relying on me to get everything spot on. Hopefully, I could get the same relaxed, natural feel the second time around. Pearberry promised to be an interesting guest, and I wasn't worried about dealing with the girls, but Jimmy-AKA eyeliner guy- was pretty creepy. I wasn't looking forward to talking girls with him.

Jade and Kyle were already set up by the time I arrived at the studio. Kyle handed me a latte before I even sat down. Clearly he knew me.

"Is everything ready?" I assumed they knew I wouldn't be much help with the technical side of things yet.

"Pretty much. Just a few things to discuss." Jade got all business-like all of a sudden.

"The band heard Maddox's show, so they know what to expect. They specifically asked if it would follow the same format."

"Great." I sipped my latte. I wasn't sure if the guests being prepared was good or not. On one hand, I didn't have to worry about offending them, but maybe the first one went well because I caught Maddox off guard. I refused to stress out. It would just make things worse.

"But, just to be prepared. AJ is into girls and is very open about it."

"Oh, cool. A lesbian interview on Sleeping with the Band. Nice." Kyle grinned.

"Is Ava straight?" I just wanted to make sure I didn't do something stupid.

"Yes. As is Jimmy."

I pushed aside my weird feelings over Jimmy. "I think it's going to be fun-more variety that way."

"That's what I thought." Jade opened and closed her hands repeatedly. She was trying to get pumped up. "I think we'll get some interesting calls."

"Let's hope so." I set aside my coffee long enough to let Kyle explain to me how the buttons worked again. He'd decided to take on the role of producer, and he wasn't interested in being on air.

Pearberry showed up right on time, and minutes later, I was welcoming everyone to the show.

"Hey, everyone. It's Cara and Jade here. Welcome to Sleeping with the Band, the only place where you'll get live music and all the nitty gritty details on the love lives of your favorite local bands."

Jade took over from there. "Tonight we have Pearberry with us. Ava, AJ, and their newest member Jimmy, are all live with us in the studio tonight."

"Hey." AJ said hello first, followed by the others.

I let Jade do all the musical questions again, although I was starting to feel more confident in that department. Then she gave me the nod, and I knew it was my turn.

"As you all know, this show is about more than just the music, so it's time to get to know the more personal details about the Pearberrys." I paused. "AJ, should we start with you?"

"Sure." She smiled nervously. Maddox had eaten this up, but I knew not everyone would. I had to start slow.

"All right. Your perfect date. Casual coffee or fancy dinner?"

"Definitely casual. It's so much easier to get know someone that way."

"I agree. I definitely prefer the casual first date. So, here's the big question. Anyone special in your life?"

She hesitated for a moment. "Not right now. I broke up with my girlfriend a few months back, so I've been going solo for a while."

"That sucks. I know that feeling. You'll meet the right girl though."

"Let's hope."

"Any chance you'd tell our listeners what you're looking for?"

"Sweet, great smile, and willing to put up with my crazy schedule."

The light started blinking before she could answer. It turns out a lot of our listeners were into the Pearberry front girl with a thing for wearing pigtails.

Ava's turn was equally as popular, and then it came time to talk to Jimmy.

"So, Jimmy. What's it like working with two power house girls like your bandmates?"

"It's fun. I'm glad I get to go along for the ride now."

"Any girlfriend waiting for you back home at night?" Jade took the lead with him. I was glad she was feeling more comfortable with those questions. Maybe we could switch up for both sets of the questions.

"No. Unfortunately not."

"Then you know the next question. What are you looking for?" I sipped my latte as I waited for his response.

"Blonde, nice chest, pretends to be outgoing but is actually kinda shy, maybe 5'5, likes to wear tight shirts and dark jeans." His eyes stared straight into mine as he talked. Could we say creepy? Did he have to use the exact same height I was?

"Okay... great."

The light started blinking and I answered the first one. "You're on the air."

"Hey, Jimmy. I'm Callie. I fit your description. No one realizes how shy I really am."

"Great." He barely talked to her. Okay, I needed to hold off on answering calls if he didn't get the format. "I'm actually really interested in someone else right now."

"Oh yeah?" I tried to keep things moving. The show was going so well, I wasn't going to let him ruin it.

"Yeah, but she's with someone else."

"That seems to always happen." Jade took over. "I always seem to fall for the guys with girlfriends. I never act on it, of course-but it's seriously annoying."

"Tell me about it." Ava joined in. "It's worse when the guy pretends he's single until you're completely hooked and then the bomb drops."

"This girl was upfront. I still want her though." His eyes were back on me, and I had a feeling I knew the girl he was talking about. Ugh.

I wasn't going to let him make it any more awkward. "Why not try to find someone else? If she's unavailable, you're just wasting your time. Should we take another caller?"

"I'm young. I have plenty of time to waste."

I shot a look to Kyle. This seemed like something he could fix.

He mouthed, "Music." Oh yeah, perfect.

"All right. Let's hear some Pearberry unplugged."

The band got going, and I tried to ignore the way Jimmy watched me as he played his tambourine. I started to laugh. I couldn't help it. I tried to stifle it, but I couldn't. I caught Jade's eye and she laughed too.

Kyle threw us a dirty look, so we did our best to stop. Luckily, we'd composed ourselves by the end of the performance.

Jade nodded for me to continue. "Thanks for hanging out with us tonight. We loved having you."

"We loved being here." AJ smiled. "And anyone who wants to hear more, check us out online to listen to our debut EP."

"You can also check them out on the station website as well. And don't forget they're opening for Real Bay on Wednesday night at the Draft. Hope to see some of you there. For now, here's some Airbus." Jade put on a song and turned off her mic. I did the same.

"That was a lot of fun." Ava hopped off her stool. "Such a fun way of interviewing a group."

"It seemed to go over well with Maddox, so we decided to make it a thing." I was giddy. Despite Jimmy's weirdness, it had been a seriously fun time again.

Chapter Eighteen

I'd never wished time away more in my entire life. The road trip visit had helped, but I was ready to see him again-especially considering my period was long gone. Chase was getting in to Savannah on Saturday afternoon, and I could barely wait. By Friday night, I was counting down the hours, so I was thrilled when my roommates decided we needed a girl's night out.

I dressed up, excited to have an excuse to wear something a little bit nicer for a change. I was generally a dress kind of girl, but when you spend the majority of your nights at home, it's hard to rationalize changing out of your jeans.

"Someone's looking hot." Juliet grinned.

"Same to both of you. Watch out, Charleston."

Mallory laughed. "Well, since we're all officially unavailable now, that's okay."

"Are we definitely going to Club Tango?" I put on some lip gloss.

Juliet slipped on her strappy sandals. She wore sandals nearly year round. "Yes. I'm not pushing my luck at Ion's again. They are cracking down on IDs."

I tossed the lip gloss in my favorite go-to black purse. "I don't care where we go as long as we can dance. We haven't been out in so long."

"I know. We have to start making this a monthly event at least." Mallory slipped into her black three inch pumps. I was wearing an identical pair in red. As much as I wanted a girl's night, part of me wished Chase was around to see me. I shrugged off the thought. I could dress up another night for him.

"You both ready?" I asked, itching to get out.

"Absolutely." Juliet headed to the door and we both followed.

We slipped into a cab so we didn't need to worry about a designated driver, and ten minutes later we were pulling up outside the club. We waited in a small line before showing our IDs to the bouncer. No matter how many times my ID worked, I always worried.

"What do you guys want to drink?" I asked. "I'll buy the first round." Even though I was nervous about getting carded, I liked to get my turn over with.

"I want one of those pink love potion drinks again." Mallory glanced at the bar.

"Sounds perfect." I turned to Juliet. "What about you?"

"Same."

I waited while the bartender served a few people, but then she finally turned to me. "Three Love Potions."

"I'll get those for her." A guy moved in close to me.

"That's okay. I've got them."

"My pleasure. I'm guessing all three aren't for you?" he asked.

"No. I'm here with friends." You never want a creepy guy to think you're alone.

"I'm here with friends too. Maybe we can all hang out?"

"No, thanks. We're here for a girl's night."

"Aren't girl's nights really just cover for you to go out and meet men?" The guy had to be in his late twenties. He probably assumed I was at least twenty-one, but he had to know I was younger.

"Not for us." I turned toward the bar, hoping he'd lose interest.

As soon as the bartender returned, I slipped my cash on the bar.

He put a hand next to mine. "I said I'd get them."

"And I said no thank you." I handed the money to the bartender and scooped up all three drinks without worrying about the change.

"What's the problem? Can't handle a guy buying you drinks?" He inched in closer, blocking me from my friends view.

"I'm really not interested." I tried to inch around him, but holding three drinks made it difficult.

"At least let me help you with those."

"No, thanks. I'd just like it if you'd get out of my way."

"How old are you?" He leaned in close enough that I could feel his breath on my face, but an alarm went off. This guy wasn't really hitting on me.

Oh my god. This was it. The end of my life. The guy was probably a cop. "I'm twenty-two." I quickly replied with the age from my fake.

"Twenty-two?"

"Yeah."

"Are you sure?"

"Positive."

I tried to control my breathing. Getting nervous wasn't going to help my cause. But if I got a Drinking Under Age notation, I was toast. Toast. My parents would kill me.

"What about your friends, are they twenty-one?"

"Of course."

"Is there a problem here?" A deep and familiar voice asked as an equally familiar arm snaked around my waist.

"I thought you were here for a girl's night?" the guy asked.

"That's what she thought. Her friends set her up. I've been missing my girl, here." Aaron's hand moved down my back. I froze.

"How old is your girl?"

Please don't screw me over I begged silently. Aaron knew I said twenty-two. He's the one who helped me get the ID.

"Twenty-two." He rubbed my back. "Turning twenty-three soon."

The guy stepped away. Was he going to ask for my ID?

"Be careful. You might make her spill those drinks." The guy, who I was now 100% positive was a cop, walked away.

I tried to move away from Aaron, but he stopped me. "Hey, nice save, huh?"

"Yeah. Thanks." I hoped he realized that helping me out didn't change anything.

"Where are your roommates? At least I assume that's who you're with." He gazed down at the drinks. If I'd been holding beers, he'd have probably been interrogating me.

"They were over there. Now I lost them."

"I'll help you find them."

"Is Reed here?" For one horrible second, I wondered if he'd been telling the truth and my friends had set me up. There was no way. Just no way.

"Nope. I'm here with Ryan."

"Oh. Nice."

"Let me help you." He pulled two drinks from me before I could respond. His eyes raked over me. "You look so hot in halter dresses."

"Oh. Thanks." Hearing him say that reminded me of the many times he'd untied a halter dress I was wearing. The thought of it made my stomach turn.

"But you look even better underneath."

"Aaron. Please." I looked away. Mallory and Juliet couldn't be that far.

"What?"

"Give me the drinks. I'm going to find my friends."

"You do know who that guy was, right? If I hadn't stepped in, you'd be getting written up or brought downtown. Is that really what you want?"

"I already said thank you."

"Do you want me to get him back over here? Ask him to study your ID?"

"Don't mess with me."

"No, don't mess with me. I told you that you needed me. I just proved my point."

"I would have been fine."

"Really? You didn't look fine."

"What the hell are you doing here, Aaron?" Juliet and Mallory appeared on either side. I let out a sigh of relief. At least I had backup.

"I was merely talking with Cara and demonstrating why she needed me."

"Let's get out of here." I didn't bother with a sip of my drink before setting it aside. Considering my close call, I preferred not to have any alcohol in my system.

"Good idea." Mallory linked her arm with mine.

"I should have just let you get busted." His eyes narrowed. "Maybe then you'd have realized how dumb you can be. I told you I'm not waiting around forever. The clock is ticking."

"I've moved on already." I knew as soon as the words were out of my mouth, I'd made a mistake.

"Excuse me?"

"Nothing. We're leaving."

"No." Aaron set aside the other drinks on the table with mine. "Tell me, Cara. Who'd you move on with?"

"It's none of your business."

He crossed his arms, accentuating how huge his biceps were. What had once seemed attractive now seemed frightening. "I already know it's some idiot musician."

But I refused to let him scare me. "You don't know anything."

"He's going to get bored with you. He's going to get bored, and toss you to the side."

"That's not true," Juliet jumped in. "And you know it."

"He's playing with you. He's getting his kicks out of dating a girl like you, but he's going to move on." Aaron's words were cruel and selected specifically to hurt me. How had I never seen this side of him while we were together? Maybe I hadn't wanted to see it. What I thought of as protective was actually controlling.

"You don't even know him." Mallory seethed.

"You got pissed at me for messing around a few times. You don't think he's doing the same thing? If you don't, you're even dumber than I thought." Aaron practically snarled.

Without thinking, I swung my hand at him, smacking him across the face.

He touched his cheek, and I started walking away, pulling my friends with me.

"You bitch."

I didn't turn around. I'd either done something really smart or really stupid, but either way, it felt good. I'd stood up for myself this time. I didn't let someone else do it for me.

"I'm done waiting, okay? I'm done. This is it, I'm not asking again. I'm not rescuing you again," he called from behind me.

I turned around. "Good. I don't need you to rescue me."

I turned back around, and we walked out.

Mallory looked partially in shock. "Wow. You just slapped Aaron."

"And it felt good. I don't feel scared. I don't even feel angry. I just feel good."

"I'm really sorry about this. I wish I'd know he was coming." Juliet put an arm around me.

"It's not your fault. I actually think it's good. Maybe that was the closure I needed."

"Are you going to tell Chase?" Mallory asked as we slipped into the back of a cab.

"Yes." Keeping this kind of thing from Chase would just blowup in my face. As much as I didn't want to make him worry, I needed to be open. "I'm sorry the girl's night didn't work out."

"It's not your fault."

When the cab pulled up along the curb at the house, Juliet paid, and we all hopped out. "So, what happened? What did he mean by rescue you?"

"I was being questioned by an undercover cop. Aaron vouched for me."

"Wow. Are they cracking down even harder?"

"I don't know, but I'm retiring the fake for a while."

"We all should." Mallory punched in the code to the house. "It's too early to turn in though. What should we do?"

"Is Reed working tonight?" I asked Juliet.

"Yeah, why? It's a girl's night."

"Yeah, it's also one of those nights I wouldn't mind a guy around for. Let's go to Al's. Think Colton would walk us?"

"Sure. He was just hanging out at the house tonight."

"I never would have pictured that Colt would have gotten so into Kappa. I guess moving in as a freshman helps."

She shrugged. "I know, it surprised me too, but he still spends time with his other friends a lot."

Colton showed up a few minutes later. "How you doing, Cara?"

"I'm doing really well." I was. Despite the rough night, I was feeling better than I had in ages.

"Aaron showed up tonight though," Mallory said softly, but the anger in her words came right through.

"Oh. That sucks. He's been keeping his distance usually though, right?" Colton watched me worriedly. I had to give it to my friends, they both picked caring boyfriends.

"This was the first time I'd run into him since the incident." Incident. It sounded so clinical, but it was the only way I could describe what happened without using some less than appropriate words.

"Did he bother you?"

"In a way, but I took care of it. I think he's going to leave me alone now." He didn't want the Cara who would slap him in the face and take care of herself. He wanted someone dependent, and that wasn't me anymore.

"All right. Just let me know if I can do anything else."

"Thanks." I smiled. It felt so good to be independent. It felt equally good to know I'd be with Chase in less than twenty-four hours.

Chapter Nineteen

Showing up at a festival by myself in a place I'd never been wasn't something I was particularly excited to do, so I was more than happy when Jade and Kyle agreed to go with me.

My friends were more excited about the music than I was, but my single-minded determination to see Chase more than made up for it. I was relieved that Kyle agreed to drive to Savannah, because I was pretty positive I would have struggled to stay within my usual rule of five miles over the speed limit.

Kyle parked in a large field, and we got out. We left our bags in the car before heading over to where the crowds were congregating.

I'd never been to a festival before, so I didn't know what to think. I was just relieved the weather had warmed up. I'm not a fan of the cold.

"Wow, it's crowded." I tried to stay close to my friends. All I needed was to get separated from them.

"You should see the really big festivals. This one has a great line up, but it's kind of off season." Jade tied up her long hair.

"Oh. I think this is plenty big for my first time."

"I won't make the dirty comment I want to make." Kyle grinned.

"Please don't."

Music poured from the main stage, and I tried to identify the folk-style tune. After a few minutes I gave up. It was definitely not someone I'd heard of.

"Where are you supposed to meet Chase exactly?" Jade asked, glancing around the crowd.

"He said to call when I got here." I glanced down at my phone. "I've called twice already."

"Hmm, well. I guess we might as well go watch whoever's performing while we wait then," Kyle suggested. He had this uncanny ability to take charge when the moment demanded it. He wasn't pushy as much as he was just the leader type.

"Good idea." Jade took my arm, and we walked into the crowd.

We listened to the couple on the stage. They had to be a couple. The way the two members of the duet were looking at each other only came from one thing-intimacy.

I love folk music because of the lyrics. A folk song is generally a story set to music, so I could relate to it. I could sink my teeth into it so to speak.

The duet, appropriately called the Love Doves, finished their set and left the stage. I checked my phone and saw a missed call. How had I missed it? I went to listen to the message, but my phone said unable to connect. Perfect. No signal.

"That might complicate things," Kyle said calmly. "But we'll find them. Don't they play at nine tonight anyway?"

"Are you suggesting we just hang out and wait?" I hit send a few more times on my phone, but it was no use.

"That's exactly what I'm suggesting." Kyle put an arm around my shoulder. "Think of this as an eye-opening learning experience. You do work on a radio show now."

I laughed. "Fair enough."

The next act was another folk group. I liked them, but not as much as Love Doves. I decided it was a good sign that I was starting to distinguish between what groups I liked and didn't like within a genre. Kyle was right. I did work on a radio show now, and it would be helpful to actually know the music we were talking about.

We listened for another hour, all the while I obsessively checked my phone, before three very familiar people walked on the stage.

"Whoo hoo! Pearberry!" Jade yelled. A bunch of people in the crowd turned to look at us.

I laughed and joined in with the cheering. It was really fun to know a band that almost no one had even heard of.

They didn't start with an introduction. They did what a lot of artists had been doing and jumped right into one of their songs. I remembered it from when they opened for Maddox.

Afterwards, Ava started to talk. "Hey everyone! Hope you're all enjoying yourself today-or really tonight." She stopped for applause. "We're Pearberry. I'm Ava, this is AJ, and Jimmy is our newest member."

I expected her to break into a song, but instead it was Jimmy's turn to talk. "Hey, everyone. It's amazing to be here." He also stopped for applause. "We're going to play a new song next. It's one I wrote about a girl I can't have now, but will have later."

Jade nudged me. "I wonder who he's talking about."

"Chase should be jealous." Kyle teased.

I ignored them both.

Jimmy had a surprisingly good voice, and if the song was any indication, he was also a good song writer. I actually preferred it to the rest of the Pearberry music, although I wouldn't have admitted that to Ava and AJ. As his intro explained, it was all about imagining being with someone you couldn't have. There was an edge to it that left you wondering if the singer knew how inflated his dreams were, and that no one could live up to those imaginings. Maybe I didn't give the guy enough credit.

He finished the song, and then he went and ruined it all. "Oh, and if anyone's wondering, that's called Cara's Song."

AJ took over and they finished off their set. The crowd seemed to love their sound, and I was so excited for them. As weird as Jimmy was, the girls were pretty cool.

I felt my phone vibrating in my pocket and grabbed it, picking up immediately when I saw Chase's name. "Hi!"

"Hi! I've been trying you forever. Where are you?"

I glanced around, looking for some sort of telltale sign of where I was.

Noticing the confusion on my face, Kyle gestured for the phone, so I gave it to him. "Hey, it's Kyle." He paused and smiled. "Yes, that same one, and I'm holding you to those tickets." He laughed. "Okay, we'll be over there in a few."

He hung up before handing me my phone back. "I know where he is."

I bounced up on my toes. "Oh my gosh, I could kiss you right now."

"Yeah... probably not the best time since we're about to see your boyfriend, but if Jade here wants to do it for you." He wriggled an eyebrow and laughed.

Jade kissed him on the cheek. "That's the best you're getting."

"I'll take it."

I trailed behind Kyle as he meandered toward the stage. The crowd was dense, so it took some work to even stay together.

I saw Jessa first. She'd dyed a strip of her hair blue, and it was the kind of neon blue you couldn't miss. As I picked up my pace to get closer, Chase looked up.

He made it over to me first, lifting me up by the waist and twirling me around. "Finally."

I grinned. "I know! My phone's getting lousy service."

"In other words, I shouldn't let you out of my sight the next few days or I won't find you again."

"Pretty much."

Chase put me down and turned to my friends. "Nice to see you again, Jade." He gave her a light hug. "And Kyle, man, I owe you."

Kyle shook his hand. "No. I was just standing up for a friend."

"I'm glad Cara has friends like you then."

"Cara, Jade." Len pulled us both into a hug together. "How are my two favorite sorority girls doing?"

"We're doing great."

"Nice to see you both again," Zack said. "I'm supposed to apologize for calling your tits nice, Cara. But it's still true, so I don't see the point."

I smiled, willing a blush away. "That's okay then. Let's forget you ever said it."

Chase tightened his arm around me.

"Don't look up," Jade whispered.

Chase heard her. "Why are you telling her that?" He glanced around just as the Pearberry's came into view.

Jimmy's eyes lit up when he saw me, and I buried myself into the crook of Chase's arm while trying to hold in a groan.

"Wait. That guy? You're hiding from him?" Chase pulled me closer.

"Did you hear that song he sang?" Jade looked anywhere but at me.

"I did actually. It was pretty good."

"Did you catch the title?" she continued.

"Yeah, it was Cara's Song. It made me think of-wait. Why are you hiding from him? Was that song about you?"

I groaned louder.

Of course, that's the moment Jimmy reached us. Ava and AJ had stopped to talk to other people a ways back.

"Hey, I was hoping you made it." Jimmy ignored everyone and everything else-including the fact that my boyfriend had his arm around me.

"Yeah, Chase is playing..." I tried to give him a very strong hint to tread carefully.

"What did you think? The girls were cool about mixing it up and letting me write a few songs. I needed to share my madness, you know? That's what music's about, right? Opening up, and sharing it all out."

"Yeah. True." I really wanted him to walk away. So far Chase hadn't said anything, and I wanted it to continue that way.

This seemed to encourage him. "You look great, by the way. I think green's a really good color for you. It works better than the pink you always seem to wear."

Chase broke his silence. "Dude, stop talking to my girlfriend that way. What she wears isn't your business."

Jimmy finally looked at Chase. "I'm just letting her know she looks nice. She should wear green more." He rolled his eyes.

"Nice to see you, Jimmy." I hoped he interpreted the statement for what it was-a goodbye.

"It's always a pleasure to see you, Cara. Do you think I can get your number? I'd love to get together sometime."

"Are you fucking serious?" Chase released me, and stepped in front of me. "Please tell me this is a joke."

"What?" Jimmy looked up at him with a completely deadpan expression.

"What?" Chase stepped toward him. "You just asked for my girlfriend's number in front of me."

"Would you have preferred I'd have asked when you weren't around? Considering I live in the same city as her, and you're very rarely there, that could be arranged."

"Do you want me to hit you? Is that it?"

I searched for Ava and AJ. They needed to get Jimmy before he got hurt or got their group blacklisted. Chase seemed to hold a lot of influence with this scene.

Jimmy shook his head. "No."

"Don't ask for her number anytime. It's not available to you."

I wasn't used to Chase in the role of the boyfriend trying to keep other guys away. I liked it. He'd stood back, until Jimmy pushed things too far.

"What if she wants to give it to me?"

Chase looked at me. "Do you want to give him your number?"

"Nope. Sorry. As you are well aware, I have a boyfriend."

Chase pulled me back into his arms. "I understand your fascination, but she's not available."

"But she will be eventually."

"What makes you say that?" Chase's words surprised me. Was he trying to say he thought we had a serious chance of staying together long term?

"Jimmy, you should go." I was all about taking care of myself now.

"If you want, but I'm serious about the green thing. If it's okay, I might buy you some more green clothing. You don't seem to have much in your wardrobe."

"How would you know?" Jade eyed him skeptically. "You've only seen her twice before this."

He shrugged. "I've seen you other times." Then he ran off before anyone could say anything.

"Did that guy just admit to stalking you?" Kyle asked.

"Why? You going to push him for her too?" Jade laughed.

"I think Cara can take care of herself with him, but man he's a weirdo." Chase rubbed my back gently. "How am I ever going to sleep again?" He buried his face in my neck. "Are you a magnet for this stuff?"

"I attracted you, and you're normal. Well, at least you're weird sexy."

He turned me around in his arms. "Well, this weird sexy guy of yours needs you." He brushed his lips over mine. "I've missed you so much it hurts."

"I feel the same way."

"Get a room, guys." Jessa finally walked over. "Preferably after the show. I don't feel like explaining to the crowd why the lead singer in the headlining band disappeared."

Chase groaned. "Just a few more hours."

"Did you tell her where she's sleeping yet?" Len grinned. "There's still time to find a room somewhere, so out of concern of my brother not getting any, I thought I'd make sure she knew."

"Uh, what's he talking about?" I tugged on the corner of Chase's shirt.

"I thought we'd do something fun." He ran his hands through my hair.

"Fun?"

"We're camping out tonight. Not near everyone else, don't worry. There's a quieter area I know about."

"Camping out? As in sleeping in a tent?"

"Uh huh."

"And you expect me to do anything with you outdoors?" I released his shirt.

"See, man, I told you." Len seemed very proud of himself.

Chase eyed me a little bit nervously. "You really don't want to?"

Then I laughed. I had to. "I've been camping before. Thanks for the vote of confidence, Len."

"Really? You've been camping?" Len eyed me skeptically.

"Uh huh. My dad's into it, and since I'm an only child, we did lots of those father-daughter bonding camp out things."

Jessa smiled. "See, I told you she wasn't prissy, Chase."

"Oh yeah? Is that why you wouldn't bet with me on it?"

Chase turned to Len. "Wait what? You were betting on whether she'd sleep in a tent?"

"Looks like I won." The drummer smiled. "Nice tits and she can handle the outdoors. Nice choice, Chase." Then he looked at me. "And that cancelled out the apology."

"It's fine. I'm just going to take it as a compliment."

There was something so normal about hanging out at the festival. I didn't feel out of place. I actually felt just as comfortable as I would have if I'd been at a frat event. I guess the old saying is true: it's the people you're with, not where you are that makes the difference. If someone had told me I'd have enjoyed standing around in an open field with thousands of people, I would have told them they were crazy, but I had a smile on my face the whole time.

We listened to more acts, and Chase took us over to the VIP tent to introduce us to some of the other bands. We were going to have enough Sleeping with the Band segments to span into the next semester. I had a drink and enjoyed every minute of watching Chase in his element. The fact that he was one of the bigger names was immediately obvious, but he didn't seem to notice. He was more concerned with making sure my friends and I were part of the conversation.

Finally, it was time for Chance of a Lifetime to go on, so I hung back with my friends to watch. Chase came to life on stage. I hadn't seen him perform live since the night I discovered who he was. But this venue was bigger-the crowd more excited, and the few months had helped launch the group further into the lime light.

As they took the stage, the crowd erupted with cheers. Girls screamed Chase's name-telling them they loved him. It was like he was a rock star, and I guess in some ways he was. That thought sobered me. Maybe I was enough now-but the bigger he got, the less he was going to want me.

Even over the loud music, Jade seemed to sense the shift in my mood. "You okay?"

"He's going to be famous."

"He's already pretty famous," Kyle supplied.

"Thanks. Needed that," I shouted over the music.

"What are you worried about? That he's going to move on or something?" Jade asked, leaning in close.

"Yes." It felt good to finally admit my fear out loud.

Jade shrugged. "But that could happen with anyone-whether it's a famous person or just a frat guy."

"Thanks." Sometimes I just needed encouragement. Aaron had really done a number on my confidence, and I was only beginning to see how deep the damage went.

"Just enjoy the rest of the show." Jade linked her arm through mine. "Chase is rocking it tonight."

She was right. He was doing incredible, and despite the crowd, his eyes still kept falling on me. This was one of those times where my mom would tell me to muster my confidence. I'd sabotage a good thing if I couldn't hold it together.

Chapter Twenty

Chase was right that we weren't camping with everyone else-or rather that we weren't camping with the general festival goers. We were, however, camping near the rest of his band as well as Kyle and Jade. They'd packed some extra stuff in case they decided to stay the night, and they ended up needing it.

We piled into Zach's van which has been the go-to vehicle for Chance of a Lifetime for a few years. It sounded like it was going to be exchanged for a tour bus next time around. I wondered how they felt about such a big change.

Zach parked in a dirt lot, and we all pulled out our stuff.

"Can I get that for you?" Chase offered to take my backpack even though he was already wearing a pack and had our tent and everything.

"No, I'm fine." I appreciated him asking to be nice, so I didn't give him a hard time about insinuating that I couldn't handle wearing a backpack.

When everyone else stopped to set up their stuff, Chase gestured for me to continue. "Let's get a little bit of privacy."

I glanced at Jade and Kyle illuminated by moonlight and flashlights. They seemed perfectly happy with the evening's accommodations. I really had to give it to Jade. She was proving to be way more resilient than I would have thought. I guess that's the thing about people. We always assume their true personality is the one they show you, but sometimes all it takes is moving them to a new situation and a whole new side comes out.

A little further into the clearing Chase stopped. "How's this?"

"It's great." I took off my pack and got to work helping Chase with the tent.

Fifteen minutes later, we had everything inside the tent. I ducked and followed Chase inside.

He zipped our two sleeping bags together into one bigger one. I giggled. I couldn't help it.

"What?" He turned to look at me.

"Nothing. This seems funny somehow."

"Funny?"

"Yeah. Like we're teenagers or something."

He moved toward me. "Well, technically you are still in your teens."

"For another month, and you're definitely not."

"Nope. I'm robbing the cradle. I need to enjoy the last few weeks of being able to say I'm sleeping with a nineteen-year-old."

"This might be your last chance. I mean, I doubt you'll be back before my birthday." I gave him a coy smile.

"In that case." He was on me in a blink of an eye, tackling me down on top of the connected sleeping bags. "I need to enjoy the experience." He turned off his flashlight, sending us into darkness.

He slowly pulled my t-shirt over my head, and I shivered in anticipation. I'd missed having his hands all over me. He moved to my bra next, tossing it before letting his hands and mouth settle on my breasts.

So distracted by his attention, I didn't notice him unbutton my jeans until he was already sliding them off.

"Aren't you going to get undressed too?" I asked in the darkness.

"Isn't that your job?"

I reached up, searching for him in the dark. I pulled his t-shirt off, and then moved on to his pants. He was kneeling, so he moved to pull off his own pants. He stilled my hand when I went for my panties. He wanted me to save those for himself.

He slid off my underwear slowly, like he was savoring the moment. "Would it blind you completely if I turned on a light right now?"

"Why would you need to do that?"

"Because I need to see you. Touching you is amazing-but I want the visual. Just a glimpse."

"But won't that mean people could see through the tent?"

"Who's here? We're so far from everyone else."

"For a few seconds."

He didn't reply. Instead, he turned on his flashlight and fixed the beam on my body, carefully avoiding my eyes.

In a strange, probably kinky way, it was hot having him watch me, illuminating me in that light. I watched his expression, watched the way his breathing changed.

"I will never get tired of staring at you. You're so beautiful, it's unreal. I still wonder how I got so lucky."

"Funny, I was just thinking about how you have so many options."

"Options?" He switched off the light, sending us into darkness again.

"Of girls."

"I only want one, so that doesn't mean anything."

"I hope you'll be able to say that in a few months."

"Why? Are you nervous that I'm going to change?" He lay down next to me, gently running his hand down my arm.

"Yes." It was so easy to be honest in the pitch blackness.

"Things might change for my music, but that doesn't mean it changes anything for us. I'm crazy about you, Cara. And if we're all about honesty tonight, I might as well lay it all out there."

"Lay what out there?" I shivered again, but this time it was with nervousness.

He pulled me into his arms. "I've fallen in love with you."

His words hit me hard, and I felt them deep in my chest. My reply came from my subconscious, but I'd already known they were there waiting to come out. "I feel the same way about you."

"Oh, thank god." His lips were on mine in a second. I returned the kiss, tangling my hands in his hair as his hands slipped down my body.

The whispered words in the dark had ignited something in both of us. His lips moved to my neck as his hand slipped between my legs. I stroked him, loving the way he came to life underneath my hand.

We didn't spend much time on foreplay. He moved over me. "I love you, Cara." He thrust inside me with an intensity I wasn't expecting. The sleeping bags and mats below us were no match for the way he rocked me into the ground. I'd be sore the next day, but I didn't care. All I cared about was having Chase on top of me and inside me.

"I love you, Chase." My reply came late, when we were already moving together perfectly in synch and his mouth had returned to my breast again.

He groaned, my words seeming to turn him on more. His movements became deeper and faster as he filled me with the length of him over and over until he pushed me over the edge. Then he shuddered, and we both lay there panting and sweaty. The only sound remaining came from the cicadas.

He kissed me lightly. "I'm home."

I grinned. I knew exactly the way he felt.

That's when I heard the sound of twigs breaking.

"Chase, what was that?" I sat up, grabbing the first piece of clothing I could find in an attempt to cover myself up.

"Stay here." He fumbled around in the dark for his underwear and slipped into them before walking out. He grabbed the flashlight.

I pulled Chase's t-shirt over my head without worrying about a bra.

"Hey, you! What the fuck are you doing?" Chase's voiced carried through the nearly silent night.

I heard more twigs breaking. Chase's voice carried from slightly further away. "Give me that. Were you recording us?"

"No. Not exactly," a young male voice responded.

"Not exactly?" Chase asked incredulously. "Then what were you doing?"

"Just seeing if you were going to play something exclusive or something."

"You think I came out here in the middle of nowhere with my girlfriend to play exclusive music?"

I saw the illumination of a screen. "You recorded all of that? You fucking videotaped me with my girlfriend?"

"I couldn't see anything. It was just sound." The young voice quaked.

"And that makes it okay?"

Chase was screaming by this point. He was loud enough to bring everyone else out of their tents. I searched around until I found my jeans and shoes and left the tent.

I walked around the circle of people. Chase was still out there in his underwear. Poor guy.

Len turned his phone flashlight toward me. "Hey, Cara. I think you're wearing the wrong shirt."

I ignored him and turned to the guy I'd never met. The one who had evidently taped us. "You're an asshole."

Everyone laughed.

"No laughing. I'm being serious. Taping something like that is so far from cool it isn't funny." I grabbed the phone from Chase and stared down the kid who couldn't have been more than sixteen or so. "You are not getting this back. You look younger than me. Hopefully, your mommy and daddy will buy you a new one. I'm sure they'd love to know what you were doing with yours to lose it in the first place."

"You can't take my phone." He glared at me.

"Yes, I can. You violated my privacy."

"You can just wipe the video."

Chase put an arm around me. "Oh, I will, after you prove it's not on the cloud. And then I need this to make sure I can find you if you've already backed it up and this shows up somewhere else."

"You can't even see anything!" His nerves had become anger, but his anger was nothing compared to mine.

"Not only did you film us having sex, but you filmed us admitting our feelings to each other. Those things are private." I was fuming, and I appreciated having Chase's arm for support.

I left the phone with Chase. I'd let him make sure the file wasn't backed up somewhere.

I said good night to my friends again and waited for Chase back in the tent.

He came back, zipping the tent behind him. "I'm so sorry about that, babe."

"Yeah, well. I think that's an example of how things are going to change."

He laughed.

"What?"

"Cara? You think that kid was paparazzi? It was just some stoned teenager who obviously followed us here."

"Yeah, but."

"No buts. This is our night, and we're going to enjoy it."

"You expect me to have sex with you again after what just happened?" I sat down, pulling my knees up to my chest.

"Yes. Yes, I do." He gently pulled my knees down and eased me down on the sleeping bags.

"And you're sure you're feeling okay?"

He laughed. "Come on, babe. We almost had our first sex tape. We're on our way."

I swatted at him, only grazing his arm. "Not funny."

He nuzzled into my neck. "At least I know any tapes will be with you. There will be some consistency for my fans."

"You're treading on thin ice."

"No, I'm not."

"Yes, you are."

"Nope." He unbuttoned my jeans. I let him since I didn't want to sleep in them anyway.

Once my jeans were off, I slid into the sleeping bag. He followed behind. Still in just underwear, he didn't have much to take off.

He slipped a hand under the oversized t-shirt I was wearing. I took in a breath.

"If I'm treading on thin ice, then why is my touch getting such a reaction?" He made a gentle line with his other hand down my stomach.

"Because I can't help it."

"Because you love me and the way my hands feel on you."

"That too."

He paused in his exploration to pull off my t-shirt. "I almost have you naked again. Still think I'm treading on thin ice?"

"Maybe. Almost naked doesn't mean you're getting any."

"It doesn't?" His lips tickled my ear as he leaned in.

"Nope."

He slowly eased off my panties and his underwear. "Now we're both completely naked. Still don't plan on letting me have you?"

"Nope."

"Oh." His hand slid down my body, teasing me as it drew circles on my inner thigh. "So you wouldn't want me to move my hand a little?"

"I don't know what you mean."

"You don't? I'll have to show you then." He slipped a finger inside me.

I tried to hold back a moan.

"I heard that." He added another finger, and I didn't bother to hide my reaction.

"See I think it's the other way around. You're the one who's treading on thin ice."

"Is that so?" I reached out and grabbed him. I stroked him far less gently than I usually would.

He groaned.

"Just say I won." I continued my stroking.

"What did you win exactly?"

"Just admit that you're on thin ice, so I can say I forgive you and we get to have sex."

He laughed. "I'm on thin ice. You're right, I'm wrong."

"Perfect." I moved on top of him, sitting up, even though it meant exposing myself.

"See this would be a hotter video. You on top."

"Chase!"

"Sorry, couldn't resist."

"And here I thought you wanted me." I teased him by starting to situate him, but pausing just before allowing him inside.

"I want you so bad it literally hurts right now."

"Then stop talking about sex tapes."

"I will. Lips are sealed."

"Who said I wanted your lips sealed?" I eased him slowly inside.

"In that case, I'll find some good uses for my lips tonight."

"You better."

Chapter Twenty-One

Saying goodbye to Chase hurt less this time. It's not that it was easier exactly, I was just less worried. Even though it was going to be a longer period of time apart, I knew I had plenty going on to keep me busy, and I knew he wasn't going to forget about me.

The next few weeks went quickly. Between a gazillion papers, some tutoring at a local high school I'd picked up, and sorority events, I'd discovered that going alone to a date party wasn't that bad, and the radio station, I barely had any down time. I found I liked it that way. Of course, I still missed Chase like crazy, but our nightly chats helped ease the pain of the distance, and I'd come up with a plan to make sure I'd see him more over the summer. Jade, Kyle, and I also got an awesome opportunity to broadcast from another local festival. The thought of doing something on location made me nervous, but my excitement definitely won out.

I'd been put in charge of organizing the senior send-off for Delta Mu which meant I had to find a venue that fit our budget. I'd put off actually visiting the restaurants for a few weeks, but the clock was ticking. I decided to head over to a few right before the lunch crowd. I negotiated a great deal at the second place I visited, and I happily headed back toward campus to grab lunch and get some reading done before class.

"Cara! Hey!" I glanced over to the direction from which my name was being called.

"Hey, Rachel." I smiled, heading over to where she sat outside a cafe with a middle-aged woman.

"Wait, is this Chase's Cara?" The women looked at Rachel and then at me.

"The one and only." Rachel grinned.

My stomach dropped as the possible identity of the woman dawned on me.

"Cara, this is Carol Denton. Riley and Chase's mom. She's in town to help with some wedding planning."

I took a deep breath. "Hi, Mrs. Denton. Pleasure to meet you."

"What a fantastic surprise to finally meet you. Why don't you join us? We were just about to order lunch."

"Oh. That's all right. I was just running some errands."

"Have you eaten yet?" she asked.

"No."

"Then, come on." She stood and pulled a chair over.

This wasn't happening. I shot Rachel a look over Carol's head, and she only smiled. She was in so much trouble.

I took a seat, carefully smoothing out my skirt before unfolding a napkin and placing it on my lap. Luckily, I'd dressed up a little that day. "Thanks for inviting me to join you."

"Of course. I've heard so much about you, and I've been waiting for Chase to introduce us. It looks like Rachel beat him to the punch."

"I guess so." I wondered if Chase had any plans to introduce us yet. I was getting close to asking him to come meet my parents.

"What errands were you running?" Rachel asked. I'm sure she was just trying to break the ice, but I didn't feel like explaining.

"Oh. Just checking out some venues for the senior send-off for my sorority."

"Rachel was telling me you girls are part of the same organization?" Carol's question made it sound like she hadn't been Greek in college. Hopefully, she didn't have an aversion to sororities.

"Yes. It's a fun coincidence."

"That's great. I know Riley and Chase are glad you two are so friendly."

I smiled. "I feel the same way."

Rachel's phone beeped and she glanced at it. "That's my boss. I have to go take care of a mess with a client. I'm so sorry, but I need to go." Rachel stood up. "I'll see you at the fitting, Carol. And call me later, Cara." She dashed off in a blur.

Carol unfolded her napkin. "Rachel moves quickly when she wants to, doesn't she?"

"That she does." I forced down my frustration at Rachel inviting me over and then leaving. She probably had a good reason, but it was still awkward. I couldn't mess this up. You only had one chance to make a good impression, and this one needed to be great if Chase and I were going to be together for any significant period of time.

"You don't have to be so nervous. I'm so excited to meet you. Chase has never talked about a woman as much as he talks about you."

"Really?" I had no idea he'd been discussing me with his mother.

A waiter came over with water, and I quickly scanned the menu to pick a meal. I settled on an apple walnut salad.

"Yes. You seem to have him captivated. I'm sure you've realized this already, but Chase is pretty strong headed when it comes to getting what he wants. When he sets his sights on something, he does everything to make it happen. He was that way with school, and his music, and now he seems to have turned that single-minded determination to you."

"It's not as though I tried to stay away."

"Is that so? I heard quite the opposite about your first meeting." She watched me as she sipped her water through a straw.

Oh my god. Had Chase seriously told her what happened? "Oh. I didn't think you'd heard about that."

"Len was the one who mentioned that detail. Don't worry, it didn't change my opinion of you." She seemed to be reading my mind. Or maybe she just understood that it's the last piece of information a girl wants her boyfriend's mom to know.

"It was out of character for me. I wasn't sure what I was doing."

"But it all worked out in the end."

"It did." I smiled, thinking about how well it had worked out.

"Have you decided whether you'll be joining us at the lake in May? Chase said you'd be out of class and exams in time."

What? The lake? "Oh. We haven't discussed it yet."

"Really?" Carol looked surprised. "I told him to invite you over a month ago. We have a place up on Lake George. We usually go for a few weeks every summer. Chase loves it there. He practically grew up best friends with the kids next door. Especially Ariana. Those two were inseparable." Then she must have realized what she'd just said. "But that was ages ago."

Ariana? The ex-girlfriend? My stomach dropped, and I could feel the tears stinging. Here we go. The beginning of the end. But why bother talking about me to his mom if he didn't want me to spend time with his family? Maybe it was just to pacify her. She'd been on his back about dating. "I guess it slipped his mind."

"That doesn't sound like Chase, but he has been busy lately."

Our salads were delivered, and I picked at mine. I had absolutely no appetite, and all I wanted to do was get away from that table. Things had gone from somewhat awkward to overboard with the revelation that he'd "forgotten" to invite me.

As soon as the waiter approached, I took out a credit card, cursing myself for not having cash on me so I could leave faster.

"I have this." Carol handed her card to the waiter.

"No, we can split it."

Carol smiled. "My treat."

"Thanks so much for lunch, Mrs. Denton. It was nice meeting you." I stood up and grabbed my purse.

"Oh. Call me Carol. And it was a pleasure meeting you. I look forward to seeing you again soon."

"Same here." I forced one last smile before taking off down the sidewalk. Seriously? Had that just happened?

I walked two blocks before whipping out my phone to send Rachel a quick text. I hate you.

Yeah, it was probably immature, but I was angry for being put in that situation. But then again, wasn't it good to know at least? With Aaron, I wasted over a year of my life. Did I really want to do the same thing again? I texted again. Hate was a strong word, and it wasn't her fault that she had to leave. Still I wished she'd never called me over. I take it back, I'm just not happy with you at the moment.

She didn't reply right away, so I continued my walk home.

The house was mostly empty, so I went right up to my room. Juliet was at her desk.

"Hey, how'd the venue shopping go? Find anything that worked?"

"Oh, yeah. We're all set." I'd completely forgotten about the reason I was away from campus to begin with.

She spun her chair around to look at me. "Are you okay?"

I sighed and took a seat on my bed. "I will be."

"Uh oh. What's up?"

"I met Chase's mom."

"Uh, what?"

"She was having lunch with Rachel and I ended up joining them."

"Was she awful?" Juliet sat down beside me.

"No, it's more what I learned."

"And what's that?"

"Chase was supposed to invite me to this family vacation thing in May."

"Isn't that good?" She pushed some of her dirty blonde hair behind her ear.

"It would have been if he'd actually asked. It turns out he was supposed to ask weeks ago, and she assumed I was the one who wasn't giving a response."

"Oh." Juliet pursed her lips. "What did Chase have to say about it?"

"Nothing."

"Nothing meaning he denied it, or nothing meaning you haven't talk to him?"

"The second one."

"Cara." She put a gentle hand on my arm. "You have to ask him. What if he had a good reason?"

"I don't want to deal with it right now. I have so much work to do it's not funny." I also didn't mention the ex-girlfriend. She'd just tell me I was uber sensitive to the topic.

"Well, between eighteen credits, tutoring, and the radio show, I can't imagine why you're falling behind. Overextended much?"

I leaned back on my bed and groaned. "I know. I did this to myself."

"It's not that being busy is bad, I just don't want you overdoing it."

"You sound like my mom."

"Well, I'd want you worried about me if I overextended myself."

"You've worked part time since freshman year."

She lay down next to me. "Yeah, but my boss lets me get my school work done while on the clock."

"Considering you're sleeping with your boss, that works."

Juliet laughed. "And speaking of people you're sleeping with, call him. Get his side of the story. Assuming things has never helped anyone."

"Yeah, yeah."

My phone dinged notifying me of a text. Juliet got up and grabbed my phone. It's him.

I took the phone from her. Hey, heard you lunched with my mom. Did she share embarrassing stories? ;)

I set the phone down.

"What? You're not going to reply to him?"

"I already told you. I can't handle it right now. I have to get my essay done for creative writing."

"Putting it off isn't going to help." Juliet walked over to her desk again. "Besides, how can you even concentrate? You'll be more productive if you call first."

"That's only true if the call goes well. If it doesn't, I'll be less productive."

"You're already assuming the worst. How would talking to him possibly mess you up more?"

"Thinking something is true is different than knowing it for certain."

Juliet packed up a few books. "I'm leaving so you can call with privacy. Call me if you want to talk afterward."

"I'm not calling."

"Yes, you are." She patted me on the shoulder. "And good luck with the essay."

"Thanks." I sat down at my desk and opened the top to my laptop. No matter what Juliet said, I wasn't calling him. I'd much rather stay in my little bubble and avoid the confrontation.

My phone dinged again. I tilted the screen to face me. You there, babe? I miss you.

I hadn't even set the phone aside before I got another text. This one was from Rachel. Come on, Carol isn't that bad. It's good you got to talk to her. I'm sorry for running out on you though.

I wasn't willing to ask Chase about it, but Rachel might be the right one to approach. Why wouldn't Chase invite me to the lake?

Because you have school?

I'm out in time. He knew that. He told his mom that.

Oh. I'll ask Riley.

No. Don't.

You sure?

Yes. I'll figure it out.

Just call him. I'm sure he has his reasons. Guys are weird like that.

Yeah, I'm sure.

Don't make a bigger deal out of this than it has to be. Chase is crazy about you.

Thanks.

Chase's next text came through at that moment. Did my mom scare you off? Did she start showing baby pictures or something?

I sighed and tossed my phone into my desk drawer. I needed some space from everyone. I packed up my laptop and tossed in my wallet before heading downstairs. The one place I wouldn't run into someone was the library, so that's exactly where I went.

There was something freeing about being without my phone. It's like somehow I was leaving the stress behind. Maybe there was something to be said about the idea of unplugging. For the first time in years, no one would have been able to get a hold of me.

I stopped to get a coffee before setting up at a table deep in the stacks. I was feeling ridiculously anti-social, and I knew the only way I was going to get the essay done was to be by myself. We were supposed to be writing about identity, and after some thought, I knew exactly what to write.

Identity. No one tells you how important this word is. They lecture you about studying, and being nice, and giving back-but no one tells you that you can't truly accomplish any of those things until you can define yourself.

We all have one. Sometimes our perception of ourselves is so completely distorted from reality, other times it's spot on. My problem with identity is that in our world it's become more about what you do rather than who you are. This makes it ever changing, and impossible to hold onto.

I stopped typing. I'd have to rework the opening line, but it was a start. It was more words than I'd had five minutes before. The prompt had hit home with me more than any of the others. I felt like the entire semester had been a constant struggle to figure out who I was. But the reality was, it was all going to keep changing.

Struck by ideas, I dove back into the essay. I'd been tentative about taking a creative writing class focused on non-fiction, but in the end, it was the right fit.

Two and a half hours later, I closed my laptop. I had a decent first draft that I'd hopefully be able to whip into shape before Tuesday night. I packed up my stuff and headed out. I tossed my half-full coffee into the trash. I must have been really out of it to throw out perfectly good coffee.

My roommates were both out when I got home, so I grabbed my phone. Nearly three hours gone, and I only had a few missed calls from Chase. It turns out, unplugging was easier than I thought. I was about to set aside my phone when I got an idea.

I hit send to a contact I'd never called before.

"Cara? Did you call the wrong number by mistake?" Len joked.

"Nope. I need to talk to you. Is Chase around?"

"Uh, oh. Listen, Cara. You're hot and all, but you're also dating my brother."

"Dream on. I'm being serious. Is he around at all or not?"

"No. What's up?" His tone became serious. It was a tone I'd never heard in Len's voice before.

"Why wouldn't Chase want me to go to your lake house?"

"Uh, is this a trick question? What am I not getting?"

"Be serious, Len. He was supposed to invite me and didn't."

"Did you ask him?"

"No."

"Because that would be the easier way to find out."

"Len!"

"Relax. I don't know. Maybe he's nervous about introducing you to Ariana or something."

"Oh." Wow, that was straight to the point.

"Oh, don't you dare."

"What?" I tried to clamp down on the dull ache forming in my chest.

"Get all moody and jealous and shit. She's an ex-girlfriend. Emphasis on ex. It's not always fun to introduce the new girl to the old one though, you know?"

I didn't know. What I knew was that my last boyfriend had been screwing his ex the whole time we were together. I also knew that Aaron never wanted me to go home with him. He'd made up excuses every time he went back, and I'd been too stupid to see through it. I wasn't making that mistake again. "You're right. Thanks." I hung up, trying to decide if the awful feeling in my gut was real intuition or just my own insecurities talking.

On impulse, I set up my laptop. Chase said that nearly all of his music came from personal experience and feelings. Maybe there was something in his music that would give me a clue. I searched "Chance of a Lifetime" and "Ariana." A whole bunch of results showed up all relating to one particular song. The Lake House. My chest clenched. He'd never played that song for me, and then I remembered something else. That was the song the crowd had begged him to play. But he wouldn't. Was it because of me?

I mustered the nerve and clicked on the first result that contained the lyrics. Moments later, I'd wished I hadn't. Filled with descriptions of love and sex, the song had me wanting to throw my laptop through the window. I'd thought the songs he'd written for me were sweet, but this was something else. Although laced with sadness, it was intense and raw. And real. There was a level of emotion in Lake House he'd never put in my songs, and that reality hit me like a ten pound weight. Even if Chase wasn't fooling around behind my back, he didn't love me. At least not in the true never-ending way he'd obviously felt for this other girl.

For a moment, I wondered if I was reading too much into things, but I refused to believe that. I went back and continued through the results. I clicked on a link to an interview Chase had done a few years back. Worse than the lyrics was the picture that accompanied the article. There was Chase holding a girl from behind with a big goofy grin on his face. His guitar was slung over his shoulder. The girl looked nothing like me. With jet black hair, and a model's thin and straight figure, she looked so much more natural next to him. The caption below it read, "Chase Denton and his muse, Ariana."

I left the site and deleted both pages from my browsing history. I didn't want to accidently click on it and read those lyrics or see that picture again. Maybe Carol was trying to send me a message at lunch. Did she want me to stay away from Chase? My head spun with what ifs. I needed to handle things right. Chase didn't even live in the same city. It wouldn't be like Aaron. It didn't have to be some big over the top emotional breakup. I'd just distance from him, and he'd get the hint and move on. He could get back with Ariana or someone else he did love.

I picked up my phone and texted Chase back. Sorry. Really busy right now.

Can you talk?

No. Sorry. I'm at. I started to type the library but I deleted it. I wasn't going to lie. I left it at No. Sorry and hit send.

:( When are you free? Any time before nine works for me.

Maybe tomorrow. I'd calm myself down by then.

My phone rang. Hadn't I just told him I couldn't talk?

I hesitated for a moment but decided that getting the phone call over might be the best bet. "Hi, Chase."

"Finally. Are you okay?"

"Yeah. I'm fine. Just stressed about school and stuff."

"Are you sure that's it?"

"What else would it be?"

"You were fine when we talked last night. You met my mom, and now you seem mad at me. Did she say something about me? She seemed to think you guys hit it off, but clearly that wasn't how you felt."

The normal Cara would have assured him everything was okay and gotten off the phone, but I wasn't that Cara anymore. "Why didn't you invite me to the lake house?"

"What? How'd you even know about that?"

"Okay, point made. Have a good show, Chase."

"Wait? What? I'm just curious. Did my mom mention it?"

I sighed. "Yes. She asked whether I'd decided if I was coming. And don't bullshit that you didn't want me to miss class or anything. She already knew I would be done for the semester."

"Cara. It's not what you think, or at least not anything that should be making you this mad and upset."

"I'm not mad or upset."

"Yes, you are." His voice softened. "I know your voice."

"I just wanted this to be real. I wanted us to be real. But I'm the idiot. Again."

"Whoa. What are you talking about? Why wouldn't we be real? Are you that upset I didn't invite you on a trip?"

"No. It's why you didn't. And what your songs for me feel like. And how you aren't in love with me, even though you pretend to be."

"What the fuck? Where is this coming from? What do you mean what my songs feel like? And damn it, Cara, you know I love you."

"I have to go." I hung up, and let the tears start. I knew the tears weren't just about Chase. They were about Aaron, and how completely strange I felt in my own skin. Something had to give. I'd thought dating Chase would help me move on, but I was starting to doubt it.

Chase called back, and I forced myself to pick up. I owed it to both of us to have this conversation out. "Hi."

"Cara, I talked to Len. This is about Ariana, isn't it? You think I'm doing what your ex did?"

When I didn't answer at once he continued. "You know that's not what's happening. I'm the one who pushed for exclusivity from the beginning. Ariana and I have been done for over a year."

I wiped away the tears from my eyes. "Then, why didn't you invite me?"

"This is going to make me sound weak, but I'd prefer that to you somehow thinking I didn't want you to come. She's engaged, and I really don't want to see it. I just wanted to go away somewhere alone with you."

His words felt real, but what did it mean that he didn't want to see the girl with someone new? "If you're over her, why does it matter that she's moved on?"

He sighed. "Would you want to see Aaron with someone else? Not to pour salt in a wound, but think about it. No matter how badly a relationship ends, it's still hard to watch them happy with someone else. Maybe what makes it harder is that deep inside, you don't want to see them happy. Wow, I just said that out loud."

"Your breakup wasn't a clean one?"

"Not by a long shot."

I sat down on my bed.

"Do you have time to talk? I don't want to tell this story twice, so I'd rather know you'll hear me out."

"Okay." I nodded even though he obviously couldn't see me through the phone.

"Can we video chat? I need to see you."

"I don't kno-"

"I'm calling."

Moments later, the alert showed up on my tablet. I clicked accept.

"Oh, babe. I'm sorry."

I sniffled, trying to compose myself.

"All this over a misunderstanding? I should have just told you." He looked completely distraught.

"It's not your fault, and it was still good for me to find out the truth."

"The truth? Is this about the song lyrics again?"

"Partly."

"Ariana and I dated for five years. Five years. Then out of the blue, she dumped me, telling me it didn't feel right anymore. No more explanation. It killed me at first, ate me up, but then as time passed, I realized I felt the same way. I just couldn't accept it. That's what the song is about. Lake House, that's the one that made you jealous?"

"Yeah."

"It's not a love song. It's a maybe someday song. It's about having these idealized notions about a relationship you believe in so intensely that they replace the real thing."

"I know how that feels."

"Then you get why that song feels so emotional. Maybe I'm just better at conveying my sad emotions rather than the happy ones. If that's the case, then I hope to never write a really good one about you."

I laughed. "This is hard. Way harder than I expected."

"The long distance part?"

"Yeah."

"We probably jumped into this too fast. You weren't ready. But that's my fault, not yours. I just needed to have you in my life whether it was good for you or not."

"That's not true."

"It is. You're nineteen and in college, you deserve to have a college life."

"What are you saying? Are you trying to break up with me?"

"No. Not at all." He touched the screen and all I wanted to do was actually feel his touch. "I'm far too selfish for that. But we can't do this the way we are. Listen, will you do something crazy for me?"

"Crazy?"

"Fly up to New York this weekend. I'll be there for a few days. Come see me."

"Fly up to see you?"

"I'll buy your ticket. I just need to see you."

"Really?" Would it be crazy to say yes? Less than twenty minutes earlier, I was ready to end our relationship.

"Yes. I don't want you doubting how I feel about you, and I know I can't prove anything over the phone. I want you to come to my home-I want you to see I'm not hiding anything."

Half of me wanted to say yes, but the other half warned me not to. Then I remembered what next weekend was and my decision was made. "I can't."

His face fell. "You can't or you won't?"

"Both." I swallowed hard. "First, I don't want to visit your home unless you're asking for the right reasons."

"What do you mean? The right reasons?"

"Before today, were you going to invite me? Be honest."

"I've been telling you how much I wanted to show you New York since I met you."

"Yes, but did you have plans to invite me?"

"No."

"Then you asking today is for the wrong reason. You feel bad, or you're afraid of us breaking up, or something. It's not because you want me there or because you need me there."

"I do want you there. I love you, Cara."

"And you know I'm in love with you, Chase. But love doesn't make up for everything else. I'm not trying to end things, I'm just trying to make sure we move things at the pace they're meant to be, and not at the pace we think they have to be. So, that's why I won't come."

"Is the can't reason different?" He crossed his arms. He was upset and wasn't going to hide it.

"This is a big weekend for me. I'm doing that live broadcast from the Charleston Showcase with Jade and Kyle. This is really big for us-for me. It's important."

"Of course. I completely forgot. Of course you need to be there." He sat up.

"A few months ago, I would have said yes. I would have thrown away an important opportunity to make a guy happy. But I'm not that girl anymore."

"And I'm glad you're not. I don't want you to be that girl. You don't have to bend to fit into my life. We fit just the way we are."

"Did you really just say that?" I laughed.

"Yeah, I think I did."

"I love you, my weird sexy boyfriend."

He smiled. "Are we okay then? Do I need to worry about you? About us?"

"We're fine. I'm fine. I just need you to be more open with me. I can't really be mad though because I hold back plenty from you."

"Anything I need to know about?" His eyes searched my face.

"I wasn't going to even confront you about this. I was going to just let us fade."

"The thing is, I wouldn't have let that happen. I already told you I'm too selfish to let you go."

"That's not being selfish. Being selfish would be telling me my show isn't important, or insisting that I drop everything for you. You've never asked that of me. I may have made fun of the bending analogy, but it's true."

"I just want this to work. I know we're different, but that isn't a bad thing."

"I was jealous of more than the lyrics you know." I felt the need to be honest.

"Oh?"

"I found a picture of you two on a website. You looked so good together-you matched."

"Sometimes matching too much isn't a good thing. Ever hear about opposites attracting?"

"Yes. But are we really opposites?"

"No. We're not. I discover how much more we're alike every time we talk."

"It's strange, isn't it? How two people can be alike without knowing it?"

He shifted on the bed. "Why were you at that party when we met?"

"My friend dragged me to stop me from moping over Aaron."

"And it was because of your hurt over Aaron that you did something crazy like hook up with a weird sexy guy like me?"

I laughed. "Pretty much."

"Did you ever wonder why I did it? Why I was out on that balcony that night?"

"Not really," I admitted. "I mean, I focused more on why you cared about me afterward."

"A few weeks before, I found out Ariana was engaged. It killed me. For months after the breakup, I pushed forward with the small hope that we'd get back together, that she'd realize it was all a big mistake. Her engagement destroyed any hope for that."

"Oh. That would be hard."

"Hard?" He laughed dryly. "Try impossible. I was up on that balcony avoiding the rest of my band so I could muster the nerve to tell them I was quitting. I was done. I was busy trying to figure out what else to do with my life."

"What?" I sat up straight. "You were going to quit?"

"We'd just signed with Interline, but I knew I couldn't uphold my end of the contract. I couldn't come up with any new material."

"Wow. I had no idea." Had I really been so oblivious to his mood?

"But then I met you. You did something to me with the first few words out of your mouth, and there was no turning back. After what happened on the beach-well, the block was gone. I wrote song after song about you and the way you made me feel."

"That's crazy."

"Not crazy, amazing. You weren't the only one who was broken, babe. We both were. The difference is you put me back together the first night we met. You took more work, but it's the kind of work I would dedicate my life to."

I started to cry again, but this time the tears were happy.

"I wish I were there to wipe those tears away for you." He watched me intently.

"These are the good kind of tears."

"Still, I should be there."

"You will be, and I do want to come up to New York to see you eventually."

"Yeah? That's good, because it's not something I'm going to drop. Maybe not this weekend, but another one."

"I miss you." I leaned back against my pillows, allowing my body to let off some of the tension that had been mounting all afternoon.

"I miss you too. I miss you every day and every night."

"Wow, this fight really brought out the sentimental side in you." What I didn't add is that it had done the same to me. The only thing I wanted to do at the moment was melt into his arms.

"Fight? Is that what this was?" He ran a hand through his hair. I wanted my fingers there.

"I think so, but it seemed more like a turning point. A fork stuck in the road so to speak."

"Think we're taking the right path?"

"We're staying together, so I can't imagine we're doing the wrong thing."

"I'd kiss you for that comment if you were here."

"Can't you blow me a kiss instead?"

He kissed his hand and blew the kiss to me. "Of course."

"Have a good show tonight."

"I will. I think I'm going to go write something new."

"I look forward to hearing it."

"I think you're going to like this one."

"Love you, Chase."

"Love you, Cara."

I hung up and set aside the tablet. I was exhausted from the emotional rollercoaster of the day, and I decided to treat myself to a luxury I hadn't had in years. A nap. I hoped I'd get lucky and have a Chase dream. Considering everything, I figured I deserved it.

Chapter Twenty-Two

I reached for my headphones as I sat on a stool under the large canopy that was saving us from the heat. Our makeshift booth served its purpose, and we'd successfully covered the event while interviewing four of the bigger bands. I was on an adrenaline high and ready to kick back and celebrate with my friends. Pretty much my entire sorority showed up for the event. That had to be a record for a number of sorority girls at a local music showcase.

"We have one more guest." Kyle's words had my hands hesitating on the headphones.

I glanced up. "Chase?" In no condition to speak, I watched him standing there in a nearly identical outfit to the one he was wearing when I met him. Mr. Blazer was back.

Jade, realizing I wasn't going to say anything on air, jumped in. "Wow, do we have a treat for you guys tonight. Chase, lead singer of Chance of a Lifetime, is here in the flesh."

Kyle quickly reached over to hand Chase a set of headphones. "Nice to have you here, man."

Chase smiled and sat down on a stool next to me.

Kyle sat in for me on the interview, probably noticing I was too surprised to say much of anything. "In case you've been living under a rock and hadn't heard, Chance of a Lifetime has been making headlines by signing with Interline Records, and climbing the charts with the hit song Sex on the Beach. Congratulations, man."

"Thanks. It's been a crazy ride." Chase gave me a light and almost hesitant smile.

"Can you tell us anything about the inspiration behind the song? You're known for writing lyrics pulled straight from your experiences. Is this one like that?"

Chase took my hand before continuing. "Yes, Sex on the Beach is inspired by a real experience. It's about meeting your dream girl, having the best sex of your life and watching her slip away without so much as giving you her last name."

My chest tightened. I couldn't imagine my life without Chase anymore.

"Wow, that would be rough. Did you ever find that girl?" Kyle grinned at me. He was definitely enjoying himself.

"Yes, and she's even better than I could have imagined."

"Any chance you could play us that song?" Jade asked.

He shook his head. "No."

"Oh, that's too bad. Since you guys didn't perform tonight, I'm sure your fans would have loved an acoustic take on that song."

"Would you mind if I played something new? Something I've never performed before?"

Shock crossed Jade's face, but she composed herself. "Of course. We'd love that."

Kyle smiled. "All right guys, it looks like you're in for a treat. You've got it here, the premiere of a new Chance of a Lifetime song."

Chase dropped my hand and picked up his guitar. "This one is about my sex on the beach girl, but it's not about what might have been, it's about what's real-what's really here."

Chase played a few chords before treating all of us to his gravely, sexy voice.

Blonde hair does it right, curled up just where you're supposed to be.

Afraid of your own shadow you try to hide, but every time I'll find you.

Twisted up in the blankets or not, I know you're there. Behind a screen, or the voice on the other end, I'll find you and bring you back to me.

Nothing's perfect. Nothing's scratched into the laws of fate-but baby, you're more than my lake house. You're my everything.

My everything-my life, my dark-my love-my hate-my everything.

His eyes were wide and fixed on mine as he sang, and even though I knew the song was being broadcast to thousands of people, it still felt like it was just us in that booth.

It should scare you. It scares me, leaves me grasping for a door I never really want to find.

Maybe you're lost, searching for a you left behind ages ago, but every time I'll find you.

Leaves me begging for release, for a future without the distance, without the ache, but maybe I don't mind the ache. Maybe it's the kind of ache you embrace. I'm going to find you and bring you back to me.

Nothing's perfect. Nothing's scratched into the laws of fate-but baby, you're more than my lake house. You're my everything.

My everything-my life, my dark-my love-my hate-my everything.

I didn't fight the tears. It would have been traitorous to do so. I'd asked for a song with emotion, and I'd gotten it. And the best part was it wasn't about the sad-it was about the happy.

I need you. Plain as day I see that now.

You need me too, but not the same way and that's just fine with me.

Just give me that smile, that ray of hope and I'll keep strumming, keep sending thoughts your way.

No matter what mask you wear, the name on your shirt, I'll search for you and I'll find you and bring you back to me.

Nothing's perfect. Nothing's scratched into the laws of fate-but baby, you're more than my lake house. You're my everything.

My everything-my life, my dark-my love-my hate-my everything.

My everything.

I didn't even think. I tossed my headphones, pushed off his and jumped into his lap. He set aside his guitar just in time.

His lips met mine with record speed, and I didn't even remember we weren't alone. The taste of his lips, the feel of his tongue tangled with mine-I needed it. I needed those sensations as I eagerly explored his mouth. Straddling his lap, I let my hand slip beneath his white t-shirt, wanting to feel his skin again.

He started to do the same to me when Jade cleared her throat. I turned to give her a sheepish smile, still perched on Chase's lap.

"If you don't have a view of the booth yourself, I'll just fill you in. Your very own Sleeping with the Band host Cara, is well, sleeping with the band. That song you just heard was most definitely dedicated to her."

Normally that would have embarrassed me. It would have had me diving off Chase's lap, but I didn't. I didn't mind that my sex life had just been broadcast, because it was also my love life-and I was very proud of that.

Chase looked over me at Jade and Kyle. "Mind if I borrow Cara for a while? There's something I need to show her."

"She's all yours." Jade grinned again.

I hopped off Chase's lap and hugged her. In the course of a few months, Jade and I had grown incredibly close. I couldn't imagine how awful my semester would have been without her.

"Don't do anything I wouldn't do." Kyle raised an eyebrow.

"We'll be back to hang out later." Chase took my hand, and we walked down from the booth.

As we entered the crowds, Chase dropped my hand and instead put his arm around my waist. I leaned into his side, eager for any contact I could get.

"Oh my god, that was the sweetest thing I've ever heard!" Mallory put her arms around both of us in an awkward attempt at a hug.

Chase smiled. "I thought it was time to come clean."

Juliet grinned. "You're a lucky man, Chase Denton."

"And I know it."

I was ready to cry again. It's as though my tear ducts were on overdrive.

"Not to ruin any goodwill I just earned with you girls, but I need to show Cara something."

"Show her something? Is that code for something else?" Juliet nudged me.

Chase ran his hand up my arm. "Not this time."

I said goodbye to my friends, and we made our way out.

"I'm parked over there." Chase pointed to a lot across the street.

"Whose car did you borrow?" I laced my fingers in his as we crossed the street.

"Mine."

"Wait. You drove down here?"

"Yeah. Does that surprise you?"

"You must have been driving all night."

"Yeah, I must have been." He kissed me on the forehead.

"Are you ready to tell me where we're going?" I buckled my seat belt, checking out the inside of his Altima. You can tell a lot about someone by their car. It was funny finally seeing Chase's only after we'd gotten to know each other so well.

"You'll see very soon."

We drove through downtown before Chase got on Folly Road and headed out toward Folly Beach. What did he need to show me out there?

We drove until he pulled into a driveway. "Here we are."

"You wanted to show me a house?"

He smiled. "Trust me, you'll want to see this."

I got out of the car and let Chase lead me up the front steps of the small two story home.

"Wait? Is this your place?"

"I decided there was no reason to keep my home base in New York when the only place I want to be is with you."

There went the tears again. I launched myself into his arms. "I can't believe it. So you'll be here when you're not touring?"

"Yes. I've got enough room that I can set up a recording space if I want, and the band can fly down if they need to. I do most of my writing alone anyway."

"This is unreal. Unreal."

"Come look at this too." He took my hand and led me up the stairs. He walked into a large bedroom that by the looks of it had to be the master. It was completely empty, like the rest of the house.

I knew he wasn't talking about the room though. He pushed open a set of French doors that opened onto a small deck that overlooked the water. I followed him out onto the deck. The waves were calm, gently lapping against the shore.

"See, this way we can have sex on the beach every night."

I laughed. "And it won't even involve getting sandy."

"I wouldn't mind getting sandy with you again." His lips grazed my earlobe.

"Can we start now?"

"Start having sex on the beach?" He slid the thin strap of my tank off my shoulder and ran his lips over my skin. I shivered.

"Yes."

"I was kind of going to insist on it."

"I guess we're using the floor?" I eyed the thick carpet back inside.

"Wait. I had this all planned." He darted away and pulled out a light brown comforter from the closet. "I actually found one in a color called sand."

I laughed and watched him from inside. "You're being weird sexy again."

"Aren't I always?" He laid the blanket down on the wooden decking before returning to the closet. This time, he brought out one of those scented candles. "It's called Ocean Breeze. We're near the ocean, but I thought we could use a little more atmosphere."

He lit the candle while I stood there in awe of what my crazy, yet amazing, boyfriend was doing. Luckily, his deck was separated from the nearest neighbor by a thick grouping of palm trees.

With the candle lit, he walked back over to me. He placed his hands on both of my arms and looked straight in my eyes. "I love you, Cara. Meeting you was the single best thing that's happened to me, and if my song didn't make this clear already, I'm never giving up on you-on us. I'll always find you, and bring you back to me."

"I love you." I kissed him, wanting the physical connection to go along with the emotional.

His lips immediately responded to mine as he slipped first one, and then the second strap down on my tank top. My tank had a built-in-bra, so when he tugged it down, he'd already exposed my breasts.

He kept one hand around me, while his other fondled my breast. He had such expert hands, the kind of hands that could play a guitar like no one else, and could make me feel like I didn't think possible.

He broke the kiss, bringing his lips down to my neck, where he let his teeth graze my skin. He continued his descent down until his mouth found my breast.

I moaned, using my free hands to finish pushing down my tank to get it out of the way. Satisfied he had all the access he needed, I moved on to getting my access. I pushed his blazer off his shoulders, and interrupted him long enough to pull off his t-shirt. As soon as his lips returned to my breast, I made quick work of unbuckling his belt, and sliding off his pants.

I slipped a hand inside his boxer briefs, grabbing him, feeling him swell beneath my touch. He released my waist to push down my tank and skirt. Then he led me outside onto the deck and in one swift motion, he had me lying down on the new brown comforter while he slid off my panties. He'd somehow discarded his own underwear already.

"This time you're not running off on me." He lay down next to me, letting his fingers run the length of my body. Each time he neared my thighs, he stopped and moved back up.

I groaned in protest. "No fair."

"Promise me something first." His fingers moved to my inner thigh, making circles as he went.

"Anything."

"Anything? That's a dangerous answer."

"I'm in a dangerous mood."

"Promise me you'd find me anywhere I went."

"That's an easy promise to keep."

He gently separated my thighs with his hand. "Good, although I don't plan on you having to find me."

"Good." I closed my eyes and rested my head back.

"Your body is so responsive to my touch." He used his free hand to tease my nipple.

"Of course it is." My breathing picked up. I reached out for him, wanting him to feel the same way.

"Of course?"

"My body's made for your touch. Don't you feel that way?"

He moved above me. "Yes, but I like to think of it as our bodies being made for each other."

"I like that idea."

"Good, but in case you need a refresher, I'll remind you of how perfect they work." He thrust into me. I gasped, taking in the sensation as he moved inside me, first with just the tip, then with more and more until he eased in the entire length of him.

"You're always so ready for me. Always." His words came out in a rush.

"And I plan to stay that way." I pulled on him, needing him closer to me, wanting his body connected in every way with mine.

He pulled my legs up higher around him and plunged into me, deeper and harder until I thought I couldn't take anymore-until I couldn't help but scream out his name.

He shuddered, finding his release moments after mine. We lay there with him on top of me for several minutes, not wanting to break the connection. "Can't you just stay right where you are forever?"

He smiled, brushing away some hair from my face. "I plan to spend a lot of my time in exactly this position, babe. I did promise you sex on the beach every night, didn't I?"

"I prefer this beach. It's soft and private."

"And you can't just walk away."

"Nope. No fuck and run this time."

He laughed and rolled off me. "I still can't believe I got so lucky. Who gets to meet the girl of his dreams twice?"

I smiled and ran a hand down his chest. "I guess it was fate."

"You believe in fate now?"

"Fate, luck, divine intervention. Whatever it was that brought us together again is high on my list."

"I guess it doesn't matter. We're together. That's all we can ask for."

"Well, I do need to ask one more thing."

"Oh?" He kissed my neck.

"Will you go to my sorority formal with me?"

He moved his lips lower. "Of course. I'll try to blend in for you."

"But I don't want you to blend in. I want you to be your weird sexy self."

"In that case, no problem. Oh, I have to ask you something too."

"What's that?"

"Want to go to the lake house with my family when you finish exams?"

"What?" I started to sit up, but his lips had me pinned down.

"Just for two nights then we're doing something just the two of us."

"Is that what you really want?"

"Yes. The thing is, seeing your ex with someone doesn't hurt when you're bringing the most amazing girl with you. I realized something a few weeks ago. I want her to be happy. I want her to be happy because I owe her for seeing what I couldn't at first. For giving me the chance to find the girl I was actually meant to be with."

I kissed him. I'd kissed him a lot that day, but I needed his lips more. He responded again at first, but then stopped suddenly.

"On the topic of favors and questions, I have one more." He gave me his puppy dog face. "Any chance you'd do some of the Sinister Summer tour with me?"

I smiled, ready to let him in on my own surprise. "I have my press pass ready. I'm covering the tour for a local music blog my professor told me about. The tour was more than willing to give me a spot since I already had my own lodging and transportation."

"Oh yeah, you think someone's going to let you stay with them?"

"I know he is."

He kissed me gently. "I love this confidence."

"Me too." I moved on top of him. "And you can play the lake house song again. I see it for what it was."

"It doesn't mean anything to me anymore. I'm just going to play Forever Girl at every show."

"Forever Girl? Is that what it's called?"

"Yes, fitting name, isn't it?"

"I want it to be."

"It is." He wrapped his arms around me. "You're exactly where you're supposed to be. And I'm going to make sure you stay there."

I brushed my lips against his. "So am I."

Looking back, I never imagined that one night of steamy sex on the beach could change my life forever, but it did. Sometimes it's the risks we take that lead us to exactly the place we need to be. For me, that place was in Chase's arms. I'd never felt safer or stronger anywhere else before, and I knew it was a place I never wanted to leave.

