Chapter 1 - "Stupid Boy"

I'm sitting on the bed in our dingy one bedroom apartment, having survived another day of living in Dalton, Ohio, without a job, without school, and effectively without a life. I'm waiting for my boyfriend Beau to get home from work. He works as a mechanic at the local garage down the street and usually finishes around 6 p.m. I know he'll be home soon, even if it is only to check that I'm here waiting for him. He's always had a slight possessive streak; it used to make me feel wanted and needed, but it seems to have kicked up a notch in the past six months.

Beau and I met in high school in our senior year. He was a late transfer student who started with only a few months left before graduation. He pursued me fervently, and despite my parents being concerned about their somewhat sheltered daughter going out with the neighborhood's new resident bad boy, we fell in love, and we fell in love hard.

He was known for his trademark black leather jacket and dark blue denim jeans, both of which were his staple wardrobe. He'd occasionally mix it up with a wife beater in the summer, but whenever we were out he'd wear that jacket and a shirt underneath. I don't remember a day that he ever wore shorts, and the only time I'd see his legs would be in bed. His black hair was worn a bit too long, but he always managed to make it look good. His eyes were a deep aqua blue that could strip you bare with one heated look. Yes, he was THAT guy.

He promised me the world and beyond. We'd park up by the lake and talk of the future, of our lives together and all of the things we could achieve. It was one of those high school romances that you read about. Me being the naive, somewhat innocent and impressionable eighteen year old girl that I was back then, believed that he could give me the world.

We'd been together for a year when he lost his job in Chicago and I started noticing a change in him. Gone was his ever present smile when we were together; more often than not he would be withdrawn and seemed as if he was carrying the weight of the world on his shoulders.

Then, he got a job offer from his Uncle in Dalton, Ohio. He needed a new mechanic and wanted to help Beau out. Beau begged me to go with him; said he loved me and couldn't bear to live without me.

My parents and my best friend, Kate, were dead against it. They had noticed the change in Beau. They'd never been happy with our relationship, so they weren't shy at expressing their concerns about moving across a whole other state to live with my "bad boy" boyfriend, and were vehemently against me giving up nursing school to do so.

In the end, Beau used the ace up his sleeve, something I didn't see coming until it was too late.

He blackmailed me into moving with him.

We were lying in bed one night, having just made love, and I was stuck in the post-coital haze that had my mind thinking of fluffy bunnies and rainbows. He rolled over and brushed the hair out of my face. "I can't leave you behind, so I've decided you're coming with me, Mac. It's you and me against the world. I can't survive without you, baby."

And just like that, it was decided.

The thing with emotional blackmail is that it is much easier to see what's happening when you are outside of the situation. When you are at the center of it, you can't see the wood for the trees.

Despite my deep seated reservations and the increasingly disturbing behavior that Beau was exhibiting towards me, I went with him. I believed a change in scenery would do him good.

About a month after our arrival in Ohio, his possessive streak went into overdrive. He had made a new group of friends from the garage who were all about partying, drinking, smoking weed and having sex. Since Beau had me and was already getting the sex, he dove head first into the drinking and drugs side of that equation. Often staying out for days at a time, or skipping work because he was too hung over.

It has gotten so bad now that I'm starting to think that my sweet, loving boyfriend from high school was all an act. Whenever we are in public, he is all over me, claiming me as his, but behind the closed door of our apartment he can be distant and aloof. When he's drunk, he berates me and puts me down constantly. He complains that I'm a burden on him and how he works his ass off to support us and I should be more thankful.

So here I am, jobless with no school to keep me occupied, and the only person I'm close to here is Beau. He seems to relish that idea; the idea that I need him and can't get by without him. Every day he comes home from work and grills me on where I've been, who I've seen, and what I've done that day. I used to take it as a sign of his love for me and the naive girl that I was still held out hope that I would get my old Beau back.

Things are so bad now that I've had to put a screen lock on my cell phone. He's checking through my messages to see who I've been talking to, questioning who has been texting me, and calling me during the day while he's at work to make sure I'm home. He's also made it clear that because he's the one who is working and paying for us to live here; that everything I have is because of him and I should be grateful.

Some nights, when he actually does come home, he'll berate me. He'll get right in my face, threatening to throw me out and never see me again; saying that I couldn't survive without him, and how I shouldn't even try to say no to him.

I've started thinking about ways to escape my life, and to be honest, how to escape from under Beau's thumb. I don't want to live here anymore; this is not the life I envisioned for myself when I left high school.

I was born and raised in Chicago. That is where my heart lies, but when you're young and in love, you're willing to go anywhere to be with them. That was my idealistic philosophy in the beginning anyway. Before Beau started to change; started to become a hollow shell of the man I first met in high school.

I'm struggling to keep up appearances with Beau now, and I'm finding it near impossible to hide my growing distaste for his possessive streak, his ability to tear me apart with hateful words, and his all-night benders filled with alcohol, weed, and God knows what else.

My problem is that I'm trapped. No friends, no money of my own, no hope of ever escaping. Beau has said a number of times that he'll never give me up; that I'm his girl. I know he'll never leave me, either. It will take something major for him to let me go.

As of 4.30 p.m., this afternoon, that something major became the worst news of my life.

As I sat in the free clinic bathroom stalls, watching the cardboard stick slowly show one pink line then another, my plans as I knew them were flushed down the toilet, just like the left over pee in the test cup.

I was in a daze as the doctor explained the need for prenatal care and vitamins I had to take. Congratulating me, when all I wanted to do was breakdown and cry. We'd always taken precautions, me more so than Beau, so I've been on the contraceptive injection since leaving Chicago. The last thing I need is to get pregnant, stuck in my soul destroying life with Beau, and living away from my best friend and parents.

Now life has decided that I need one more challenge.

I drove home from the clinic in a daze, a myriad of possibilities running through my head. The doctor, sensing that I was none too happy with this unexpected news, gave me brochures on my different options. Termination or adoption. Then there is option C; staying in my dysfunctional relationship with my possessive, emotionally abusive boyfriend and raising a baby with him. Those are my options.

Fan-freakin-tastic.

That is why I'm sitting here on the couch, waiting for the bomb to drop. I can even remember the exact night of conception. It was the night of my twentieth birthday. We'd been out to our local bar, drinking shots of tequila and beer, and dancing to the jukebox in the corner. Beau said that it was my treat since it was my birthday. He'd even invited a couple of his new 'friends' to join us. We'd caught a cab home and stumbled in the door. Beau got that tell-tale look in his eye which signaled he was up to no good. Soon, I was bent over the side of the couch, ass in the air, with Beau pounding into me from behind. I was too drunk to fight it, or wonder whether he was using protection or not.

I was too far gone.

A bit like I am now. I'm too far gone to think about this rationally or carefully. I know there are other options, but with Beau Gregory in my life it is not worth even considering.

Beau arrives home late, a few hours after he would have finished work. I can tell that he's already been drinking by the stench of stale beer that surrounds him as he kisses me long and hard to say hello. He's only that affectionate when he's buzzed.

All night I've been talking myself into telling him about the baby. I walk over to the couch and sit down.

"Beau, I've got something to tell you," I say, being careful to keep my tone as steady and emotionless as possible.

"What is it, baby?" he asks through half-opened eyes as he lies on the couch across my lap.

"I'm pregnant."

You could have heard a pin drop in the time it took for my words to sink in, but as soon as they did, I could see the change in his face. He sits up suddenly, giving me a fright.

"What the f**k are you talking about?" he bellows, jumping off the couch and pacing the room.

"I'm pregnant, about eight weeks," I say, standing to my feet in front of him, unable to look him in the eye. Why do I feel like this is my fault?

"For f**k's sake, Mac. I don't want any bastard kid, not now, and probably not ever. How could you be so stupid?"

Maybe it was the hormones racing through me, or maybe it was the final straw that broke the camel's back, but suddenly I don't care what happens or what, if anything, he's capable of doing to me. I've officially hit rock bottom; there's nowhere left to go other than six feet under, or to fight and get up and out of this mess.

"You're the one who let this happen," I say, walking towards him. "You got drunk and didn't use a f**king rubber!" I poke his chest with my finger, my voice getting louder with every word I spit out at him. "I didn't realize my contraception had run out early, so if you're going to blame anyone, blame yourself, Beau Gregory!"

I don't have time to protect myself from the back handed slap that suddenly lands on my face, knocking me over onto the couch. I instinctually curl up into the fetal position to protect myself, and my stomach, from any further blows.

"Stupid bitch!" I hear him yell behind me as the front door slams. A few moments later I hear his Chevy truck roar to life, the tires squealing in the dirty parking lot as he takes off.

I'd like to say this is the first time he's hit me, but it's not. It first happened about a month after we first arrived in Dalton; that was the first sign that I'd made a huge mistake coming here with him.

We were at the bowling alley, and I had gone to get us some drinks. Beau saw me talking to a stranger who was waiting in line behind me, and that was all it took to set him off.

Later that night when we'd gotten home, and with a few too many beers under his belt, he laid into me; asking who the guy was, why was I talking to him, and asking whether I was f**king him behind his back. When I didn't give him the 'right answer', his anger got the better of him and he slapped me across the face. He instantly sobered and spent the rest of the night, and the next week, apologizing profusely to me.

But the damage had already been done.

He promised it would never happen again; that he was just drunk and saw red when he saw me talking to another guy. Things started going downhill after that. Looking back, I should have gotten out then.

After lying on the bed for a few minutes, waiting to be sure he isn't coming back, I get up and stumble to the bathroom. Looking in the mirror, I'm shocked at the reflection I see staring back at me. My once smooth, silky, dark brown hair is a tangled mess, my mascara, which was so carefully applied this morning, is now smudged and streaked down my tear stained face, and my cheek is red and puffy from where Beau's hand struck me.

I see this now broken version of myself in the mirror, and the realization of the situation hits me like a freight train. I know I'm worth more than this. I can't bring a baby into this world with an abusive father figure. I can't have this baby. It's not the time, and this definitely isn't the place. I need to decide what I'm going to do. As much as it pains me, I wish this baby would disappear; go away and come back another day, at a better time, in a better situation with a better man.

Having climbed into the shower and tidied myself up, I put on some pajamas and crawl into bed. I've dead bolted the door because I don't expect Beau to come home tonight, and if I'm being honest, the thought of sleeping in the same bed as him right now makes my skin crawl.

The last time he hit me, he disappeared for two days, coming back with his tail between his legs and begging me for forgiveness. The difference between that last time and now is that I'm not going to take his shit anymore. I need to come up with a plan, and I need to come up with one fast. I need to reclaim myself, my identity, my freaking backbone that I used to be known for.

It'll have to blindside him. I can't let him see it coming, or else I won't be able to pull it off.

I need my best friend to help me. I need Kate now.

I fall asleep, content with my new resolution, my hand on my stomach, praying to God that he can find a way to help me.

I wake up in agony, folded over as pain rips through me. I look at the clock radio beside the bed and see it's barely 5 a.m. It wasn't daylight that woke me up; it was the stabbing sensation in my stomach and an aching sore back. As another wave of pain sweeps through me, I feel a wet sensation between my legs.

Oh no. Oh no, no, no, no, no.

This can't be happening.

I cup myself between my legs as I jump out of bed and race to the bathroom, pulling my pants down. I see blood everywhere. I know what this is; I don't need to go to the hospital. I've seen enough women come through during my hospital observation shifts with similar symptoms. This is not light spotting which can be considered normal in early pregnancy. This is a miscarriage. My baby is gone.

I turn the shower on and discard my soiled pants, throwing my top off as I hop into the cold shower, not waiting for it to warm up. I look down and see the red tinged water wash down the plug hole. I'm hit with a wave of regret, of loss, then suddenly overwhelming guilt. Deep down, it's like I wanted this to happen; somehow I willed it to become reality. I slide down the wall of the shower and cradle my arms around my legs as I start to cry, sitting there for what seems like an eternity. I cry for the baby that I lost, for how trapped I am in this life, for the man that Beau has become, and finally, for everything that should have been but wasn't. I stay there until the water runs cold, and I'm a shivering mess on the shower floor. Most of the blood has washed away now. All I feel is empty and free.

And guilty that I'm relieved that God chose this path for me.

I get out of the shower and get dressed, I grab my phone and call my best friend, knowing that if I'm going to do it, now is the only chance I'm going to get to escape this life and leave Beau.

"Kate, it's Mac. I need a ticket home, today," I spit out, my voice still shaky from spending the last hour crying.

"About freaking time, babe. Pack your stuff, go to the airport, and I'll see you soon."

"Kate?"

"Yeah, babe?"

"I love you."

"I love you too, Mac. I'm so glad you're coming home. Everything is going to be okay."

I grab whatever I can and stuff it into the two suitcases I have in the closet. I check that I've got only what I need, then carry the bags to the front door. I take my key off my key ring and place it on the kitchen counter. I take one last look around the empty room that has been my home for the past six months. Scratch that, I can't even say it's been a home. A home is full of love, and warmth, and for the past five months it's been full of lies, deceit and if I'm going to be honest, fear.

"Goodbye, Beau Gregory," I whisper as I click the lock and pull the door closed behind me.

Walking away from this life, I make a vow to myself; never again will my life be dictated by a man, and never again will I let love lead me astray.

But as I'll soon find out not four years later, vows are made to be broken.

Chapter 2 - "The First Time I Ever Saw Your Face"

Four Years Later...

I'm on my way home after finishing a shift at the hospital. I'm just getting comfortable and texting Kate, when I drop my phone. Of course, it had to slide down the train away from me. Thankfully, being 8 p.m., the cab isn't too full. Just as I'm about to get up and search the floor in a desperate last attempt to regain my life, hey, my phone is my life, don't judge, I see him.

As luck would have it, my phone hit a strange man's black loafer clad foot, and when I look up, I see said man making his way towards me. This man is sex on legs delicious. I totally clocked him when he got on the train at the stop after me. I'm amazed that I'm even coherent enough to notice anyone, given that I'm at the end of an eight hour day shift where I was rushed off my feet. I'm dog tired, but my mind is restless, wired, and you guessed it, horny.

Noah has been on a training course for the week, so there has been no chance of any on-call room hook ups, Sean has been out of town for business for the past few days, and Zander has had back to back bookings all week. It's just been me, my trusty rabbit who, as luck would have it, has run out of juice, or option number three, this delectable man who is now walking towards me.

Ding, Ding, Ding! I pick door number three.

He just doesn't know it yet.

He's wearing a granite colored suit, the jacket hanging over his arm which is carrying a black leather briefcase. His white dress shirt has the sleeves rolled up, and he's obviously finished work for the day because his top two buttons are undone, giving a slight glimpse of a tanned and toned chest that you just want to lick. I'm in businessman fantasy heaven, and he is being delivered to me on a plate, or in this case, a rattly, somewhat dirty, Chicago train.

But beggars can't be choosers.

He's totally caught me staring at him, his pearly white smile growing on his gorgeous face as he gets closer. I give him a slightly embarrassed, yet cute smile back, knowing that I've been caught checking him out. He holds his hand out to me when he reaches my seat, and being the socially awkward idiot that I am, I put my hand out to shake his, feeling absolutely mortified when I realize that he was only trying to hand my phone back.

"Sorry, is this your phone? It slid down the floor from this direction, and you're one of the only people on the train without a phone or an e-reader in your hand, so I'm taking a lucky guess," he says with a sly grin, thankfully not laughing at my social ineptitude.

"Yeah, that'll be mine. Sorry to make you come all the way down here," I reply, an uncontrollable blush creeping up my cheeks.

"Hey, it's no problem. I don't mind being given an excuse to talk to a beautiful stranger, on the L, at night, alone..."

His words are calculated. He somehow has managed to compliment me at the same time as chastising me for traveling alone on the L at night. Now that is talent! I feel a chill run up my spine at the sheer presence of this man.

"Makenna Lewis, but everyone calls me Mac," I say, this time actually holding my hand out to shake his.

He looks down at my outstretched hand and drags piercing caramel colored eyes down my scrub clad body, his jaw twitching as he returns his gaze back to my face.

"Daniel Winters," he replies, taking my hand in his and shaking it once while very deliberately dragging his hand slowly from mine, running the length of my fingers as he pulls away. I bite my lip as warm tingles travel from my fingers and up my arms, then shoot right down to my girly bits.

Holy hell, he's got game, and it's a game I want to play!

This man leaves Zander in his wake, and Zander is a professional stripper who gets paid to flirt.

"Where are you headed tonight? Have you just finished work, or just starting?" he asks, reaching up to hold on to the cabin's overhead rail while he looks down at me with a raised eyebrow. That move brings my attention to his tailored shirt tightening over his toned biceps, and then I see it. It's like my eyes are homing beacons looking for the slightest hint of skin. A small part of his shirt has come loose at his waist and has ridden up, giving me a glimpse of a tight set of abs and the smallest smattering of hair leading a trail south below his waistband. Lord knows I'm a sucker for tight abs and a happy trail.

C'mon, Mac, get it together, you're drooling, and he's waiting for an answer.

"Ah work, yeah, I just finished my shift at Northwestern," I mutter, shaking my head to get rid of thoughts of him shirtless, and in my bed.

"Ah, a doctor then?" he asks with a smile.

"I'm a nurse in the ICU," I answer back, the now stupid grin on my face getting wider as we sit there, smiling at each other.

"And how about you? Let me guess...a lawyer? No, wait, maybe an accountant? Nope, not that either. My last answer is undertaker." I tilt my head and give him a returning 'What'cha got for me now' look.

He laughs and I literally stop breathing.

All of Daniel's physical attributes are already measuring mighty high on the Makenna scale of hotness, but that laugh...the low baritone timbre that can stop wars, solve world hunger, and cure women of their need for underwear all at the same time...it is the work of the devil. I swear to God, all he'd have to do is lie there and laugh all day, and I swear I could sit on his chest and get off.

"I'm a stockbroker," he finally tells me, leaning in and putting his spare arm on the back of my seat. "And I guess none of my sexy nurse jokes will win me any favors with you either, right?" I notice a slight upwards curl of his lips, and realize that he's not only sexy and has a laugh that could make a nun horny, but he's funny too.

Godammit!

"Probably not, but you never know your luck in the big city," I muse.

He nods in agreement. "Duly noted."

"So, you like to play with money then." I can't believe I'm being so blatant with this man. He smirks, and wouldn't you know it, out come the dimples. Freaking adorable, cute as all hell divots on either side of his cheeks, dimples!

They're going to be my downfall.

"I like playing with other people's money," he murmurs. His eyes have gone dark now.

"Sounds like fun. What else do you like to do?" Holy shit, Mac! Why don't you just hump his leg already? Damn, I must need some sleep, or some rabbit relief, or something. I look down and blush again. I may talk a good game, but my blush always gives my self-conscious side away.

"Lots of things." He pauses for a moment, long enough for me to look back up into those gorgeous eyes of his. My breath hitches when I see him looking back at me like I'm water and he's dying of thirst. "Candlelit dinners, long walks...sex on the beach..."

He smiles as he says that last thing, especially when my eyes go wide.

Confidence simply exudes from him; he's sure of himself, but not in an overly cocky way. But lord knows that I really want to know what he could do to me and vice versa.

"How about we start with my bed?" I say with a sexy smile and a wink.

And that is how I met Daniel Winters.

Chapter 3 - "Sex on the beach"

Daniel and I exchange numbers...well, he puts his number in my phone before handing it back, and we go our separate ways.

When I walk in the door, I find my best friend Kate sitting on the couch, legs up underneath her, nose deep in the latest issue of Cosmopolitan.

"Hey," I say as I dump my messenger bag on the kitchen counter and throw myself down on the couch beside Kate.

"Hey, babe. How was your shift?"

"It was okay. Less eventful than my train ride home, that's for sure." I lean forward to grab the remote and click the TV on.

Without warning, the Cosmo magazine slams down on the table and Kate wrenches the remote from my hand, turning the TV off again.

"Spill! Nothing eventful happens on the train, so if you say something happened, it must be juicy," she gushes, leaning in towards me excitedly.

I let the excitement of meeting Daniel rush through me once again. "Well, I met a guy-"

"What? Are the three you already have not enough?" she says jokingly.

"Ha-fucken-ha! I dropped my phone, and he picked it up and gave it back to me. Let me tell you, this man is fine. Actually, scratch that, he is the definition of fine. Businessman fine. Hotness wrapped up in a smoking hot volcano of fine," I say rapidly. Thankfully, Kate is used to my rambling. She's been my best friend since we were ten years old when I saved her from the playground bully who decided to pick on the red-headed, small bodied new girl who had just moved into our neighborhood. I actually punched him in the nose because he was chasing her with a pair of scissors, threatening to cut her hair. Since then, we've been stuck like glue. The only time we were apart was the six months I spent in Ohio.

"So, let's talk about this smoking hot volcano of fine. What's his name? What does he do? When are you seeing him again?" she rattles off. Kate is a little spit fire. As a hairdresser, she talks all day, so she has the habit of talking a million miles an hour.

"Well, he has the tightest set of abs I've ever seen."

"Wait, how the hell did you see his abs already? God, Mac, I'm in awe of your ability to pick up men," she says, slowly shaking her head in disbelief. "I can't get one date most of the time, let alone pick a stranger up on the L."

"Hey, give me some credit. He was holding on to the overhead rail and his shirt came loose. I only caught a peek, swear to God, but hell if I don't wanna see more. Anyway, he's got the most captivating caramel colored eyes. First I got lost in them, then I saw the abs, then he popped out two of the most lickable dimples I have ever seen," I say breathlessly. Even thinking about those dimples has my heart racing.

"And lord knows you're a sucker for dimples," she says with a grin. Noah, my doctor friend from work, has the most gorgeous dimple on one side that pops out with his panty dropping smile he flashes me frequently.

"Yes, yes I am," I reply with a smile. Hmm, I wonder when Noah is getting back from his conference. I make a mental note to send him a text.

"And what else? What's his name?"

"Daniel Winters." I caress his name as I say it. It rolls off my tongue seductively, like it's meant to be screamed out in climax. All this talk about Mr. Winters has me craving something warm in my bed, like now.

"Earth to Mac. What does he do?" the ever present Kate presses, frowning at me because she knows I'm lost in my thoughts.

"Ah, sorry. He's a stockbroker. That's not the best bit though. You want to know what he said next?" I tease, waiting for Kate's typical over the top reaction.

"Oh my God, what did the holy hotness of fine say to you?" she says, almost bouncing with excitement.

"I asked him what he liked doing, you know, for fun. And without missing a beat he said candlelit dinners, long walks, and sex on the beach," I say with a sly grin and a blush creeping up my face, still slightly embarrassed at my reply to him.

"And..." she says, looking at me, her eyes sparkling with excitement.

"And I suggested that we start with my bed."

"No, you didn't! Holy shit, Mac, blunt much?" The fact that her mouth is agape at my answer gives me a hint that I've shocked her. It's not something new to me. I shock Kate almost on a daily basis.

"Yup, why not?" I shrug my shoulders. I've been single and happy for the past four years; happily sexed up and fulfilled for the past eighteen months with three of the most accommodating and laid back guys I've ever met. What's to complain about? If I see what I want, I go after it. I learned a long time ago that life is too short to wait around for good things to happen to you. You have to be proactive with this sort of thing.

"And?" She looks at me with her eyebrows raised.

"And we're meeting up tomorrow night for a drink at 42nd Street Bar after my shift," I say matter-of-factly.

"Nice! Does he have any hot single friends, maybe a smoldering older brother spawned from the same womb of heat?"

I crack up laughing. Kate's always had a way with words. It's one of the things I love about the girl. "Not sure, but I'll find out for you," I say with a wink.

"Knew I loved you for a reason, but I'm thinking we need to make this interesting now. I just read in here," she picks up the Cosmo again, "that my three date rule is highly recommended. I think you should try it with Daniel."

I cough. She can't be serious. Three dates without sex? Holy God, my cookie will have packed up and left by then.

Kate believes in the three date rule, no sex until after three dates. If the guys aren't in it for something other than a quick easy lay, they'll stop calling after the first or second date. Kate's philosophy is that three dates proves that there is some effort being made on his behalf. It works for her. It makes her happy, and when Kate is happy, I am happy. But not so much when she inflicts this rule on me!

"You're kidding, right?"

"Nope. Three dates at least. Bet you can't do it," she adds with a smirk.

"Grrr, okay, you're on. What do I get if I hold out?" I ask with interest.

"Dishes for a week?" she suggests with a grin, knowing how much I loathe cleaning.

"Dishes and laundry and you have a deal."

"Okay, but I'm only agreeing because I know you can't do it." Her smile is huge now as she rubs her hands together with glee. She thinks this bet is a sure thing.

"Now, I need to get out of these scrubs and have a shower. Want to order in and watch Big Brother?"

"Sounds like a plan, Stan," she says, flopping back on the couch and resuming her reading of the sixty-nine best sex positions for the female orgasm.

And that, my friends, is the beauty that is Kate McGuinness. Quick witted, straight to the point, and frustrating as hell. Well her three date rule is going to be!

After my shower, and our night of gorging on pizza and watching wannabes act like idiots on some reality TV show, I decide to call it a night and crawl into bed. Checking the time on my phone, I set my alarm for the morning. I've got one last day shift tomorrow, then I have a three day weekend, and tomorrow night I'm meeting up with Delicious Daniel. Who knows where that will lead?

I snuggle down under the blankets and start to check my emails when I feel my phone vibrate with a text message. It's 11 p.m. Who would be texting me at this time of night? With a smile, I open the message, half expecting a horny text from Zander or a schedule check with Noah, but I see that it is from someone called "Sex on the beach." I crack up laughing at his audacity. I love his sense of humor already. He doesn't pull any punches, obviously. He's a bit like me in that respect.

I haven't always been like this. I got sucked into an abusive and toxic relationship four years ago and vowed to never have my life dictated by a man again, and to never fall in love. I've followed one of those vows, and only broken the other when Sean gets me on my knees and makes me beg for him. And then he does this thing where he....wait, oh yeah, the text from Daniel a.k.a. Sex on the beach.

Sex on the Beach: Hey, beautiful stranger, I'm lying in my bed fantasizing about all of the ways I can make you blush tomorrow night. It'll be a challenge and a pleasure, for both of us.

Wowzers. This man is trouble with a capital T, and that's just the kind of trouble I need.

Mac: Sex on the Beach is a fantastic drink. It's fruity with an awesome aftertaste that stays on your tongue for hours.

Sex on the beach: You're trouble, you know that?

Mac: Trouble can be fun.

Sex on the beach: I bet you are. But let's get the drinks and awkward first date out of the way first, shall we? I am a southern gentleman after all.

My inner monologue is actually speechless. That is one for the record books. He's played me at my own game and left me literally dumbstruck.

Mac: A southern gentleman who names himself Sex On The Beach?

Sex on the Beach: I'm an optimist, what can I say? By the way, I'm looking forward to seeing you out of those scrubs.

Mac: Whoa!

Sex on the Beach: Shit! No, I meant in casual, non work clothes, not scrubs. Dammit. I should quit while I'm ahead, right?

Mac: See you tomorrow night, Delicious Daniel ;)

Sex on the Beach: Sweet dreams, beautiful stranger.

Damn, all this flirting and text banter has me wet and aching. I reach into my bedside drawer, thanking the heavens that I stopped to buy batteries on the way home. God knows that I was already horny as hell before I met Delicious Daniel. Now that I've discovered he has a dirty mind, that feeling has simply multiplied.

With the flick of a switch, and a quick tug down of my pajama bottoms, I'm soon stroking my favorite purple rabbit vibrator against my increasingly wet pu**y. I close my eyes, pushing the vibrating tickler firmly against my aching clitoris as my left hand gently squeezes my nipple, rolling it between my thumb and forefinger, sending an exquisite pulse straight to my pu**y.

As I ease the humming toy into my hot channel, and rub my finger across my hard nub. I close my eyes and relish the feelings I'm creating with every stroke, every thrust deep inside me as I imagine that it is Daniel's hands on me, his tongue lapping at me, speeding up as he brings me closer to climax. I think of him guiding his hands up my thighs, spreading my legs wider as he moves his mouth towards my throbbing mound. I arch my hips, pushing my pulsating toy deeper inside me, stretching me as I feel the welcome quickening of an impending orgasm. I think of Daniel thrusting deep and hard inside me, impaling me, pistoning his c**k hard and fast inside of me. My fingers speed up and I quickly come apart under my own hands.

I lay in my bed, limp and breathless on top of my sheets as I come down from one of the best self-induced orgasms I've had in a very long time. All of a sudden, I'm really looking forward to tomorrow's date.

Chapter 4 - "Kiss Me"

Its 8 p.m. on Friday night, and I'm sitting in a sunken black leather booth at 42nd Street Bar opposite the epitome of male hotness, Daniel Winters.

I met him here because I didn't want to go through the whole awkward doorway introductions, let alone subject him to Kate's squealing and intense interrogation. I learned that the hard way a few months ago when Zander called by to pick me up on the way to a gig and Kate acted like a horny schoolgirl during spring break. It was both hilarious and mortifying.

The bar's pretty busy given it's a Friday night, but we were able to grab a small corner booth away from the crowd and noise. He returns from the bar, and I crack up laughing when he places my drink in front of me. Of course, he ordered me a Sex on the Beach. I'm starting to think he's one of these people that gets an idea and runs with it. I wonder what other ideas he might have for tonight.

Taking the straw between my two fingers, I swirl it around the drink before slowly lowering my lips to the straw and taking a long sip. I can't stifle my moan at the delightful taste. It's like a fruit salad is having a party in my mouth and everyone's invited.

"Damn, that's good," I murmur, looking over at him. He has the slightest smirk on his face.

"Sex on the Beach always is," he says with a raised brow.

I can't hold it in. I start giggling like a school girl. He's done it again; showing me that awesome sense of humor he's got. If only I could get him to laugh again, then I'd be the happiest girl in the bar.

"Of course you would buy me that, wouldn't you?"

"Don't knock it till you've tried it, gorgeous."

There's something about the way he calls me gorgeous that lights a match inside me. I blush, but don't break eye contact with him when I reply with a sassy shake of my head, "I wouldn't know. Never tried it. There are some places that sand just shouldn't go."

"Is that a threat, or a promise?" he asks without missing a beat.

Now that makes my eyes widen. "It's early days. Let's see how it's going after our third date," I say with a wink, and his caramel eyes sparkle with excitement at that suggestion.

"We're barely into our first, and you're already planning our third date? You are an intriguing woman, Makenna Lewis," he says looking straight at me, paralyzing me with his gaze.

"Well, my mama always told me to be well prepared," I say with a fake southern drawl.

"That's good advice. What else did she tell you?" he asks with a grin.

"Don't talk to strange men on the L," I retort as I take another sip of the magic, fruity party drink. I don't know what's in it, but I like it and the tingles it is creating in my body are a welcome addition too.

He chuckles. It's not a deep belly laugh like he did on the train that almost made me come on the spot, but it's endearing nevertheless. "She's a smart woman your mother. And what do you think about meeting strange men on the L?" he asks, taking a swig from his bottle of Millers. I can see a glint of amusement in his eyes, even in the dimmed lights of the bar.

"That sometimes it pays to take a chance."

"I'm all for taking chances. It's my job." He points his thumb back at himself, "Stockbroker, remember?"

"Ah, yes, that's right," I murmur, taking another quick drink of the fruity wonder in front of me.

"So, are you from Chicago?"

"I'm originally from Louisiana, but my parents moved us all here when I was eight. I went to college in New York, but came back here after graduating and was lucky to get an internship at my firm."

"Wow, so you're a southern boy then?" I say with a grin.

"Yes, ma'am, born and bred. How about you?"

"Well, I was born here, and apart from six months I spent in Ohio when I was twenty, I've lived here all my life."

Shit, please don't ask! Please don't ask!

"Ohio? Now that's a bit of a change from city life. But you obviously like Chicago if you came back?"

"Yeah, I can't imagine living anywhere else, and I've got a good job here now with lots of prospects. So yeah, you can say I like it," I reply. I can't seem to wipe the smile off my face when I'm around him.

"Sounds like you're fairly settled then."

"Definitely."

"And nursing. You've always wanted to do that?" he asks, placing his arm on the table and leaning into it, giving me an awesome profile of his body.

"I've always been one for looking after people. I met my best friend Kate by punching the school bully when we were ten."

"Wow, so I should watch myself around you then?" he asks with a sly grin.

"Yeah, buddy, or else you'll be in big trouble." I say, putting up my fists in a mock Rocky impression gone bad. I try to put on a tough face, but fail miserably when I start giggling.

"Hey now, no need to get violent." He holds his hands up in surrender. "I could tell you were a tough nut the moment I met you."

I raise my eyebrow at that. It seems Sex on the Beach thinks he has a talent for reading people.

"And what else could you tell from me?" I'm genuinely interested now, but the cynic in me wonders if this is just a line he uses on women to get them into bed.

"That you're a beautiful, well-adjusted young woman with the most gorgeous blue eyes I've ever seen, and a smile that could bring any man to his knees." Oh my God. Did he really just say that? Holy crap! It's like he's the professor of 'How to get a girl's panties to drop 101" and he's giving every man a lesson.

I feel my breath quickening and my pupils dilate. Delicious Daniel is on his game and Goddammit, I definitely want to play, naked, now! Damn Kate and her three date challenge.

"All of that from one look?" I ask, my voice squeaking and giving away my interest.

"And more..."

I squeeze my legs together, trying to distract myself from the errant thoughts racing through my head right now. Well, two can play at that game. "Really? Are those glasses of yours armed with x-ray vision?" I say, my mind jumping into Mac overdrive. "Holy hell, you're the real life Clark Kent, aren't you?" I lean forward excitedly, bouncing a little in my seat. I make a point of looking around to pretend that no one can hear us.

"Does that mean you're wearing your spandex Superman suit underneath this hot get up, cause I have this fantasy where Superman does this thing with his..." I whisper to him, causing him to start choking on his mouthful of beer.

"I.... um...... shit, Mac, that's all kind of hot right there."

I love that I got him all flustered. "Oh, shit, I'm sorry, my brain got a bit side tracked" I say innocently, adding a wink when he slowly starts to recover his breath and thoughts.

"That thought is gonna be burned in my brain for a while now, gorgeous, that's the stuff dreams are made of," he says huskily. He shakes his head, obviously trying to regain some composure.

"And how old were you when you came back from New York?" I quirk my brow. I'm dying to know how old he is.

"Subtle, Mac, very subtle," he murmurs, taking another swig of his beer. "I'm twenty-eight, and I've been back in Chicago for around four years now."

"Wow, that's awesome." I finish up the last of my drink, blushing when I accidentally slurp in the empty glass. "Oh my God, that's so embarrassing."

Daniel, being the ever present gentleman, chuckles softly and grins at me like I'm the funniest person in the world. "Should I burp so that we're equal?" he asks jokingly, totally snapping me out of my embarrassment.

"Ha, ha. Very funny. You're a funny guy, you know that?"

"I'm glad you think so. You like funny guys?"

"I think I'm starting to," I say playfully, enjoying the banter we have going on. I've always had a thing for men who can go toe to toe with me. "Out of interest, do you always pick up women on the L?"

He flashes me his megawatt smile again, and I literally melt in front of him.

Clean up, aisle three.

Taking a final swig of his beer, he moves out of the booth and stands beside me. Shit! Is he ending the date already?

Holding his hand out to me, he leans down into my personal space, whispering in my ear, "Come with me, Mac. I want to see the lights over the lake with you." Is this man for real? I'm starting to think that he's just a delicious figment of my imagination. I mean seriously, who can resist a suggestion like that! Especially when it's whispered in your ear.

"Sounds perfect," I reply, grabbing my purse as I try to get out of the booth as gracefully as possible and take his outstretched hand as he leads me out of the bar.

Once we're on the sidewalk, I shiver. It has turned colder in the hour or so that we've been inside the bar, and of course I didn't bring my coat. Daniel, feeling me tremble, stops suddenly beside me. In a daze, I watch him shrug off his coat and hold it open for me to put on. As I put my arms through the coat, he slowly pulls it up and onto my shoulders, gently stroking his fingers over my skin as he moved. Wowzers, that's just as potent as that laugh of his.

I look up at him, and his eyes are warm, full of something that I can't quite put my finger on but I'm definitely gonna try to find out. "Thanks," I say shakily, trying to remain standing. Right now I want to throw myself at this man but;

a) We've only just met.

b) It's our first date.

c) We're standing in the middle of the sidewalk outside a busy city bar.

"You still want to see the lake?" he asks, looking down at me. His eyes drifting to my lips. Shit, I can't break this damn three date rule, Kate would never let me down even if the only thing on my mind right now is jumping Daniel's bones right here, right now.

"Definitely," I answer with a smile. Anything to stop me thinking about the two of us going straight to bed sans clothes.

Something feels different about this date, about being with Daniel. I can't explain it, but I find myself not wanting the night to end. I want to spend more time with him. His eyes, his gorgeous dark brown hair that you want to grab while you kiss the life out of him. The way he carries himself, he truly is a gentleman. I mean he gave up his coat to me on a first date. Who does that?

I think I'm gonna have to make sure that I keep my boundaries clearly defined. I don't do committed relationships and haven't done for the past four years. Don't get me wrong; I like men and I like sex. I mean, who doesn't? But Daniel seems to be affecting me to way too much, too soon. I'm going to need to be careful with him.

"We're here," he says softly, knocking me out of my conversation with inner Mac.

I look around the waterfront and gasp at its beauty. "It doesn't matter how many times I see it, it always takes my breath away." I'm unable to tear my eyes away from the shimmering lights cascading across the rippling water of Lake Michigan.

"Some could say the same about you, Mac," he whispers into my ear as he stands close behind me. I turn my head towards his.

"Daniel," I breathe out as he leans in and brushes his lips against mine, giving me one swift stroke of his tongue before pulling away, too soon for my liking, and shifting his lips away from mine ever so slightly.

"It's like I dreamed...you taste as sweet as you look," he murmurs as he leans in again, pushing harder against me this time. Without breaking our kiss, I turn around and wrap my arms around his neck as his hands snake around my hips and pull me in close against him.

Our lips open together and our tongues caress each other, wrapping around in a soft, exploratory embrace. This kiss is soft, and romantic, yet with an undercurrent that screams hot and heated. I don't want it to stop.

I slip my hands up into the hair that I've been waiting to rake my fingers through ever since I met him and it's just as soft as I imagined. He groans into my mouth, and I move in even closer against his body. With each stroke of my tongue, I'm consciously trying to make him lose control, but soon enough he reads my game plan and gently ends the kiss. He kisses my nose and then my forehead before tucking me into his side.

After walking halfway along the waterfront and back again, I let Daniel walk me to the door of my cozy brownstone apartment. He leaves me with a promise to call me over the weekend and another gentle kiss full of promises and possibilities.

When I'm snuggled up in my bed after the mandatory debrief with Kate, my mind starts to wander. I remember how I felt while we were walking around the lakefront. Daniel's strong arm wrapped around me, cocooning me against his body.

Maybe this is what I've been missing out on. I've got hot sex, rough and hard sex, and adventurous spur-of-the-moment sex. Maybe there's something to be said for comfort sex. The cuddling, the spooning, the soft never-ending kisses, the seduction, the romance, the long lazy mornings spent in bed together. Basically, all of the things that Daniel seems to represent and offer.

I need a delicious, comfort cuddler with Superman capabilities.

I need a Daniel in my life.

I just don't know if he can handle all that I have to give.

Chapter 5 - "Variety is the Spice of Life"

It's Saturday night.

The night after my first date with Delicious Daniel.

True to his word, he texted me earlier today while I was doing my weekly housework with Kate.

Delicious Daniel (I changed his name in my phone; sex on the beach was too tempting): How did my beautiful stranger sleep? I slept very well. Dreamed about sex on the beach and your sweet tasting mouth ;)

Mac: I slept well too. Must've been all the late night exertions by the lake ;)

Delicious Daniel: You are trouble with a capital T aren't you?

Mac: Maybe...

Delicious Daniel: Would trouble like to come with me and tailgate at the Bears game next Sunday? I'm going with a couple of friend, and I'd love for you to join me.

Mac: Sounds awesome! I love the Bears. Do you want to meet there or...?

Delicious Daniel: Now what kind of gentleman would I be if I didn't pick you up?

Mac: Now that's what I'm talking about ;)

Delicious Daniel: Pick you up around 12?

Mac: Perfect.

Delicious Daniel: See you then, gorgeous.

Okay, so I might have giggled and fallen back on my bed after that text exchange. What is this man doing to me? I'm not one to gush over a guy. It has always been friendship and sex, hand in hand. No feelings, no chance of getting hurt, the end.

It started with Noah, my dreamy work colleague.

a.k.a. The Walking Dildo.

No word of a lie, this man's c**k should be immortalized in gold, or latex, and sold around the world so all women can enjoy the perfection that is his male appendage. He has the slightest of upward bends when erect that seems to hone in on the perfect spot every single time, and he has the stamina of a giant.

We are friends who just happen to make use of an available on-call room every once in a while. Well, in all honesty, at least once a shift if we're both working. Nothing makes a night shift go faster than an orgasm or two at the hands of a master.

We met the first week I started at the hospital. I had a surgical rotation, and Noah is a surgical resident. Sparks flew, scrubs came off, and my no strings attached relationship with Dr Noah Taylor began. That was nearly two years ago. He's a great guy, and a really good friend, but we both work way too much to be anything more.

We established the emotional boundaries of our relationship very early on. He's had relationships during that time, and when he's dating someone else we stop our arrangement, only resuming again when he is single. I'm totally against cheating when in a relationship, and I refuse to be the other woman, the home wrecker, the harlot.

About a year after I'd met Noah, he'd started dating a speech therapist from another hospital, and it was looking promising, so Kate had talked me into going to a hot new club that was the buzz about town, and rumors were swirling that it was an after-hours sex club as well. Despite the rumors, I was intrigued, to say the least. The sound system was advertised as being one of the biggest and best in Chicago, so I was pumped by the time Saturday night rolled around.

We had specifically shopped for slinky, sultry outfits that would get us noticed, and maybe get us a few free drinks. Beyond that, the world was our oyster. Kate had done my hair in large waves, which I then smoothed out on top and secured a pony tail at the nape of my neck, the look was sexy with an air of sophistication. I didn't want to come across as a high class hooker looking for a new sugar daddy. All I wanted was a great night out with my best friend, and if I happened to find a hot man who would take me home for a night of unbridled, unattached, scorching hot sex, I wouldn't complain.

As it happened, we waited in line for twenty minutes before the bodyguard ushered us through. We waded through the crowd to the bar, ordering four shots of 1800 Silver Tequila with a lemon drop each. We tossed back the shots and turned away from the bar as we sipped our drinks, checking out the talent.

"This place is kinda hot," Kate whispered in my ear.

"Yeah, and I think those rooms on the second level could be where all the night time fun must happen." I couldn't help but wonder what really happened behind those closed doors. It had always been a fantasy of mine to willingly give up control with a man rather than being forced to, like I had been in the past, but I'd never found the right man to garner that sort of reaction in me.

As I'd looked around the rapidly crowded room, I wasn't sure that I'd find one in the club that night either. I was bringing my drink away from my alcohol-warmed lips when I spotted a pair of blue eyes staring at me, like they were looking straight through me. I trembled under his gaze and stood there, unable to look away. I suddenly felt the need to look down from him, like a silent submission to his will, so I did. When I looked up again a moment later, he was gone.

Kate had seen my reaction, and was staring at me, mouth wide open in shock. "WHAT was THAT?" she exclaimed.

Shaking my head out of the haze that was Sean Miller, I looked down at my firecracker of a best friend. "I honestly don't have a f**king clue, but I need to find out," I replied breathlessly.

"I'll say, whoa! That was some hard out sexual tension right there, and you haven't even met! Imagine the heat if you got to know him," she said excitedly, bouncing on her toes beside me.

"Settle, petal, it'll never happen. It was just a moment, that's all," I say, taking one last look around the room for the mystery man again, but to no avail. "Let's get some more shots." I hooked my arm in hers and led Katie back towards the bar.

"Barman, four more shots of 1800, please!" I had to shout into his ear as he leaned over the bar. I remember he looked behind me and nodded in acknowledgement before pouring out the shots and passing us the salt and lemon wedges. I grabbed a twenty out of my purse, but he waved me off. "It's on the house, babe." and off he went to serve some other drunken patron.

"What was that all about?" Kate asked.

"I'm not too sure to be honest. Maybe he thinks we're cute, or he's thinking we need to get drunk," I said before leaning into Kate in a full on giggle fit. Kate started laughing too but stopped suddenly, shoving me with her shoulder to get my attention. When I looked back up at her, she was staring at something over my shoulder. I slowly turned around, the room spinning with me as I went, and I saw him.

Mr. Dark and Dangerous.

Mr. Blue Eyes From Across The Room himself. He was dressed in all black; a tailored black pinstripe open-collar shirt, complete with two platinum cuff links at the wrist, black lined slacks that clung to his body like a stripper's thong would cling to a dollar bill, and freshly-polished black dress shoes. He was definitely Mr. Dom.

Dark and dangerous.

Delicious and domineering.

"Hi," I managed to get out, my throat tightening up at the sight of him. Even his presence consumed me.

"Hello," he said. "Enjoying the club, I see." He had the most amazing smile. It was disarming, thrilling, and spine-tingling, all at the same time.

I was speechless. My ability to speak anything decipherable at that moment was dead and gone. Thankfully, Kate came to my rescue. "Yeah, it's fantastic. Definitely living up to all the hype, that's for sure," she replied cheerfully, leaning forward to shake Mr. Dom's hand. "I'm Kate, by the way, and this is Mac, or Makenna." She tilted her head in my direction, snapping me out of my dazzled haze.

"Makenna," he said in a very deep commanding voice. "I'm Sean Miller. It's a pleasure to meet you."

Holy shit! I could be in a dark room, blindfolded and bound, and climax from his voice alone. You know exactly what I'm talking about. He had a presence; a confidence that was unmatched by any of the other men around him. It was like my body was a homing beacon, and he was my destination.

After staring at each other for a good few minutes, Kate cleared her throat. "I'm going to the ladies. You wanna come too, Mac?" When I looked at her, she arched her eyebrows and tilted her head away from Mr Dom and towards the bathrooms.

"Oh, yeah. Sure, Kate. Nice to meet you, Sir... I mean, Sean," I say, stumbling through the words. I hadn't missed the widening of his eyes when I accidentally called him sir. I've read enough BDSM romance novels to know what to call a Dom, and this man is definitely as alpha male dominant as you can get.

"I'll be waiting right here for you, Makenna," he said smoothly as Kate pulled my arm. As I walked past him, I picked up a hint of the most alluring cologne known to man. It was strong; potent, yet not overpowering, full of suggestion, of desire. I remember my legs almost buckled underneath me as I was suddenly cast under the spell that was Sean.

When we returned from the ladies, there was an equally good looking man standing beside Sean who only had eyes for Kate. She giggled, he smiled, and Kate was done for. She left half an hour later with Ryan. I soon got a text from her.

Kate: I'm going back to Ryan's. Do you want me to call you a cab, or are you going to be okay?

Mac: What about your 3 date rule? Lol. I'll be fine. have fun;)

I remember thinking at the time that Kate really needed to get laid, and I was having a grand ol' time chatting with Sean.

a.k.a. Mr. Dom.

Before too long, he was pulling me to my feet, and taking my mouth hard and fast like he owned me, right there at the bar. Soon after that, we were walking up the stairs towards the second floor, and the VIP rooms with the closed doors that had been calling me all night. That was the night, Sean Miller introduced me to a world of domination, submission, and the earth-shattering orgasms that could be had under his hands and other body parts.

Sean, much the same as Noah, has no problem with my 'no strings attached' policy. In fact, he supports it whole heartedly. He's a corporate attorney who travels a lot for work and doesn't have the time, propensity, or inclination to partake in a serious monogamous relationship. In fact, Sean and I only see each other when he's in town, and I have a submissive itch that only he can scratch. It's almost like the perfect relationship.

Now Zander...

Well, he's a whole other story. Zander is a male stripper who I met at my friend Sophie's bachelorette party six months ago. I'd dragged Kate along with me, and low and behold, about an hour into the night a hot piece of ass dressed up in a police uniform knocks at the door. I just happened to be the one who opened the door, and no word of a lie, I swear I stood there for a good minute with my mouth agape, drooling at the fine specimen of a man standing before me.

"Excuse me, miss, I've been called to a domestic disturbance at this address. Is there a Miss Sophie Newhart living here?" he asked in a very serious, demanding tone, looking down at a small black notebook. He looked very genuine and foreboding.

"Ah, yeah, she's in the living room. What's this all about?" I asked, a little bit suspicious at the man's uniform and his lack of protocol. I mean, aren't they supposed to flash their badge first?

"Good, please take me to her," he demanded, I felt a little flutter in my stomach. He reminded me a bit of Sean, but with the body of a God wrapped in a tight policeman's uniform.

I held my hand out, pointing in the general direction of the living room. "Right through here."

The moment he walked through the doorway, some terrible p**n star music started blasting from the surround sound unit, and without warning the police man was throwing his hat across the room and gyrating his hips in time with the beat.

After his performance where he subjected Sophie to an intense 'interrogation' and insisted she conduct a hands on body search of him, he hung out with us for the rest of the hour, chilling back and having a beer.

I'd gone outside to get some fresh air, and was contemplating calling Sean for a hook up, when I felt a warm hard body come up against my back. "I wondered when I'd get a chance to talk to you," he whispered into my ear, moving down to kiss the sensitive spot of my neck that makes me shiver every time.

"And why's that?" I replied, thinking that he probably tried this line on at least one woman a night.

"Because while it was Sophie's hands on my body back there, I was imagining it was your hands, your body, your mouth on my..."

That was me done for!

I've always been a sucker for a sweet talker, and Zander...well, he's a master of flirtation and seduction.

"And where would I do that?" I asked brazenly. By that stage, I'd had a few drinks under my belt and was definitely feeling sassy and brave. Oh, and horny as hell.

"Follow me," he said, taking my hand and leading me down the alleyway to the side of Sophie's two story house.

That night, Zander and I had sex up against the wall of Sophie's house. It was quick, it was dirty, and God damn that man could do things with his hands and mouth that most women dream about. We exchanged numbers, then he left to go to another job, and I went back inside for another tequila shot. It was a fantastic night all round, one that has been repeated at least once every few weeks since then.

Aside from our physical relationships, I'm friends with all three of them. Each man provides me with a different physical need that I crave and desire; that sometimes I just want. But I'm not a slut, and I'm not easy. I don't have the emotional connection to sex that a lot of other women do. I have three men that I have mutually beneficial, no strings attached, physical relationships with. We're all safe, and we all know the exact nature of our relationship.

So with all these attractive, eligible, and physically compatible men in my life, how come I'm at home, lying in bed on a Saturday night, not wanting Sean, Noah, or Zander?

For the first time in four years, a man has my heart beating faster, my eyes shining brighter, and my brain turning to mush. The touch and taste I'm craving is Daniel Winters, and I want to time travel forward a week so that I don't have to wait to see him again.

I've worked five night shifts in a row this week, and my body is feeling the confusion of night and day, sunshine and dark. I've hardly seen Kate, let alone anyone else. Zander called me Wednesday night before my shift started wanting to catch up for a drink, but I was so zombie-fied from night shift that I had to decline. I did promise to text him when I was off nights and feeling more human, though.

Delicious Daniel has been as irresistible and as flirtatious as ever. He's sent me a random text message every day this week. Last night he sent me a text around midnight, telling me how he had driven past the lake and it made him think of me. This man is seriously swoon worthy, but I'm not supposed to swoon, I'm not a swooner. Me and emotional connections do not go together.

Daniel seems to affect me on a different level to other men, though. He seems to want to reach inside and turn me upside down; finding out about me, and what makes me tick. It makes me want him in a way that is unknown to me and scary as hell.

I'm having a break in the on call room, and my mind is doing what it does best; not shutting off and letting me sleep. Instead, I'm remembering back to last week when I was in here with Noah, before my chance meeting with Daniel on the train.

He had seen me in the cafeteria grabbing a midnight snack from the vending machine and sent me a text outlining exactly what he wanted for his meal break. Five minutes later, I was pinned against the wall of one of the surgical floor's on call rooms, being pounced by a very hard and horny walking dildo. Too far gone for foreplay, he had shoved my scrub pants down, desperate to get inside me.

About halfway through, I hit a road block and started thinking too much.

This feels good, but not great like it normally does.

What the hell, Mac? Get it together. He's the walking dildo, he always makes you come and fast, usually multiple times. So why does this feel like a long distance run rather than a short hundred meter dash? To be honest, it's getting rather uncomfortable.

Shit, he's getting harder, and I can feel him tensing up; his grunts are getting louder, his thrusts faster and more sporadic. I make a moaning sound, knowing he likes to hear me, and it works, seemingly spurring him on.

Right now I feel as if I'm a ride on pony outside the grocery store. Put a quarter in and hop on board! I've never had a problem getting off before. Hell, I pride myself on it. What is wrong with me?

Oh God. What if I've broken my clitoris from overuse? Misuse? Self-abuse?

I moan again.

"Fuck, Mac. Come with me. I'm close, babe. Really..."

Thrust!

"Fucking..."

Thrust!

"Close..."

Thrust!

I have to do something. Shit, I'm going to have to fake it.

"Oh, yes. Fuck me, Noah. Harder. Oooh, yes, that's it. Right there. Fuck! Argh!" I cry out, tightening my kegels and totally bullshitting my way through a fake orgasm. Noah stiffens and growls my name through his gritted teeth as he climaxes.

Thank God for THAT!

After the countless number of orgasms I've had at the hands, mouth, and c**k of Noah, I've never had to fake it. Ever. Maybe it is my body's way of telling me that I want, no need more than just sex. Maybe I do need more. It has been four years since the Beau disaster. Is it time that I open my eyes and mind to more than sex alone?

Just the kind of heavy thinking I need as I drift off to sleep. But thinking of Delicious Daniel and how much I can't wait to see him for Sunday's game...now that is the stuff dreams are made of.

My DD, sex on the beach, kisses by the lakeside, and Superman.

Chapter 6 - "I've Been Waiting All Day For Sunday Night"

It's Sunday. Game day.

Delicious Daniel day.

I really need to stop adding the word delicious to his name but seriously, after kissing him as thoroughly as I did last Friday, you'd be calling him delicious too. He tasted of beer, a touch of mint, and made me feel like I was lying in the sun on a hot sunny day. Yes, he transported me to another place and time. He is that good. I want that again. I've been craving it. Not sex, just Daniel's time traveling kisses.

Goddammit, now I'm thinking about what it would be like for Daniel to do other things, right now while I'm lying in bed. I sleep naked in my bed at home, have done since I moved back to Chicago. There is something freeing about sleeping in the buff, not constricted by fabric or seams. I love it. I pick up my phone, deciding to send Daniel a text to gauge where his head is at.

Mac: Good morning, Delicious Daniel. Sunday Game Day! Woohoo.

Delicious Daniel (should really change that): Morning, gorgeous. You ready for some tailgating and football?

Mac: Hell, yeah! Do I need to bring anything?

Delicious Daniel: Only your beautiful self. Have you been up long?

Ha! Now's my chance to test the waters with Mr. Delicious.

Mac: I'm still lying in bed actually.

Delicious Daniel: Really? And what are you doing in there?

Mac: Was thinking of last Friday night and how much of a gentleman you were. Are you always so chivalrous?

Delicious Daniel: I've been known to have my moments, but telling me that you're in bed thinking of me is not helping with keeping my mind out of the gutter. Or your bedroom.

Mac: Then don't. Let your mind roam free in my bedroom. I'm a firm believer in free thinking.

Delicious Daniel: Is that so? And where would you like my thoughts to travel to?

Mac: Me, in bed, naked as the day I was born, thinking of you and your kisses

Delicious Daniel: Damn. Cold shower needed stat.

Mac: Why's that?

Delicious Daniel: Because my mind is definitely going down a road leading to somewhere dangerous.

Mac: Do tell...

Delicious Daniel: Eyes on the prize, Mac. Game day, football, men running around in spandex.

Mac: Oooh, Daniel, you know how to make a girl swoon, don't ya? Now you're reminding me of my Superman fantasy.

Delicious Daniel: *bangs head against wall* Damn, Mac, I am going to need a cold shower. Now, naughty girl, how about you go have a cold shower too and I'll see you in a couple of hours ;)

Mac: *pouts* Okay, no fun.

Delicious Daniel: Don't you worry about fun, Mac. There's plenty of time for that beautiful stranger.

Mac: Until then, I'll have to rename my shower head Daniel and have fun with him ;)

Two hours and one cold shower later, where I became well acquainted with my detachable shower head, I'm decked out in my Bears hoodie with a big orange C in the front, with dark blue skinny jeans and tangerine chucks, and finished off with my awesome Chicago Bears purse I bought last year. I'm the poster child for a sexy, fun and free Bears fan.

Kate didn't come home last night. She's out with her latest man toy, Jeremy.

a.k.a. The Grunter

I mean seriously, I'm all for a man who can express himself, but not a gorilla man who grunts his way through a three minute horizontal mambo session from foreplay to finish. But he's hot, and Kate's happy(ish) so I'll keep holding on to the hope that she'll grow tired of him and his grunting.

Kate is more of a romance and flowers girl. She believes in love and love at first sight, or frequent sight as the case may be.

Except for when grunting Jeremy is on the other side of my bedroom wall!

I'm just finishing my makeup when I hear the doorbell. Trying not to act like an excited puppy ready to hump his leg, I make myself walk slowly to the door. I crack it open and find a smiling, fully decked out Daniel leaning against my door frame, a look of pure adoration on his face.

"Morning, gorgeous" He has the biggest smirk on his face, his gaze travels down to my orange clad feet and back up to the large C straight over my bust and his smile gets impossibly bigger. "Damn, you're a beautiful sight in Bears' gear."

"I did tell you I was a fan, and a girl has to look fashionable while supporting them," I reply with a grin, moving out of the doorway. "Come in, I'm almost ready."

He closes the door behind him and takes a seat on a bar stool at the breakfast bar. I watch as he looks around our two story brownstone apartment. "Nice place," he murmurs approvingly.

"We like it," I reply, checking my purse to make sure I have the essentials: phone, wallet, and lip gloss. "Ok, I'm all set."

Daniel has moved off the stool and is standing in front of me in the middle of the kitchen. He inches in slowly until our chests are almost touching, reaching up and gently sweeping a loose wisp of hair back behind my ear. "And how was your cold shower, Mac?" he asks quietly, his eyes showing just a hint of the fire I know is burning behind them.

"Warm and satisfying," I reply smoothly, moving my hands to my sides, not sure exactly what to do with them...with him. Dammit! I'm not used to this kind of chemistry. It's palpable. I'm seriously expecting sparks to start buzzing between us.

He puts his hands on my hips and leans in, gently kissing my cheek. "And the showerhead?" he whispers huskily in my ear.

"Daniel was very satisfying," I reply breathlessly as I lift my arms up around his neck. How can this man affect me with one look, one touch, one swoon worthy brush on my cheek?

"Maybe one day you can experience the full Daniel experience," he says before circling his tongue in the tender spot below my ear, causing my whole body to shudder against him.

"Play your cards right, buddy, and it might be your lucky night," I say as I place both hands on his chest and ease him back away from me.

He stands up straight again, hands still resting on my hips. "I might just be the best damn cards player you've ever seen." He moves his hands up my body until he's cupping my jaw and slants his head to give me a spine tingling kiss that I feel from the top of my head to the tip of my little toe. "Now, let's get tailgating before we come up with other games to play and never leave the house."

We arrive at Soldier Field around 1 p.m., and with his arm wrapped around my waist, Daniel leads me towards the parking lot. I've been tailgating before so this is not new to me. As we head towards the parking lot and see the lines of parked cars, tailgates open, and the hordes of people surrounding them, I feel at home. The air is filled with the aroma of portable grills packed with food, and the laughter and ribbing of Bears' fans as they prepare for the game.

"You alright?" Daniel asks me, quirking an eyebrow as I look around, taking the whole experience in.

"I'm perfect, Superman," I say with a grin.

"Superman? I like it," he replies, kissing the side of my head. "I like that a lot."

I can't wipe the goofy grin off my face. This is almost comical. Makenna, the relationship phobe objectifier of men, actually enjoying a second date, and not wanting it to end anytime soon.

Well, that is until Daniel stops next to a white Dodge Pick-Up and I look straight into the blue eyes of Dr. Noah Taylor. My Noah.

Fuck!

Daniel, not noticing my body go stiff as a dead body in the snow, lifts his chin to his friends before introducing me. "Mac, this is Thomas, Cade, and Noah. They're old college buddies of mine. And this is Mac," he says with a huge grin.

Thomas steps forward first, offering me his outstretched hand for a handshake. I put my hand in his and he startles me when he lifts the back of my hand up to his mouth and kisses it softly. "Nice to meet you, Mac."

"Watch it, Tom. She's my date," Daniel says in jest as I stifle a giggle.

"Just greeting the lady, Danny Boy. No need to get jealous," he responds with a grin and a wink towards me.

I try not to meet Noah's gaze, which hasn't left me since we turned up. I can feel his eyes burning into me, though, so I burrow myself closer into Daniel's side, earning a chuckle and a squeeze from him.

"They won't bite, gorgeous," he murmurs into my hair as he gently kisses my head.

"I'm not too sure about that," I mutter. I think back to a few months ago when Noah got a bit carried away, leaving a hickey the size of Mt. Rushmore on my neck. I had to wear a turtleneck underneath my scrubs for a whole week to hide the thing.

I sneak a glance at Noah; he's standing there with the biggest smirk on his face, gently nodding at me. I've known Noah for two years, so it's safe to say we know each other fairly well, in and out of the on call room, so he knows that I don't do strings. Hell, I usually don't do second dates.

I gasp when I see him step forward. "Dan, my man. Long time no see!" he says, clapping Daniel on the back. "And Mac, haven't seen you in a while."

"You two know each other?"

"We work at the same hospital," I say as cheerfully as I can.

Daniel smiles, "Wow, small world then, huh? And where have you been Taylor? Haven't seen you around."

"Out of town for a training course. Haven't really seen anyone lately," he says, clearly taking a dig at me.

"Nice work while you can get it then. You seeing anyone these days?" Daniel asks him, oblivious to the discomfort I'm feeling right now.

"Not right now. Still seeing that nurse from work I told you about. It's a friend's with benefits arrangement. It works well," he says warmly.

I still can't look at him, and I can feel my blood pressure starting to boil. Noah may be a friend and yes, we've screwed each other like rabbits off and on for the past two years, but to talk about it right here in front of my date, my Daniel. It's infuriating.

"Sounds grand," I say through gritted teeth.

"What's that?" Daniel says as he turns away and starts talking to another one of the guys. I take the opportunity to give Noah a stare designed to rock his soul, but he just smiles his panty dropper grin back at me, riling me up even more.

I put my hand on Daniel's chest, rising up on my toes to give him a soft kiss on those delicious lips of his. "Nothing, I'm going to go get a soda from the cart over there. Do you want anything?" I ask, wishing that a sink hole would turn up right now and swallow me...or Noah!

"I'm good. I'll grab a beer from the cooler. You want me to come with?"

"It's okay, I'm a big girl, Superman. I'll be back," I say over-enthusiastically as I give him one more peck on the check and wiggle out of his hold before turning on my heels and walking away from the group.

As soon as I'm out of sight, I pull my phone out to call Kate. This is our thing. Whenever one of us is freaking out or having issues, we call and vent. We let everything hang out, usually talking way too fast for the other person to even hear every word we say, but it works, every time. Lately it's been me on the receiving end of these kind of calls from Kate, but now it's my turn. This time I know she's gonna laugh her head off at me. She's always said that my little arrangements would come back and bite me in the ass.

"Hey, Mac. Shouldn't you be on your date?" she asks as soon as she picks up the call.

"I am on my date. Just happens that Noah is here too!" I spit out quickly. I have a habit of talking fast when I'm worried or pissed off. Right now, I'm a mixture of both.

"WHAT? You've got to be shitting me! How does that work?" she questions. I can hear both shock and amusement in her voice. Of course, she finds this situation hilarious. Maybe I will too, once I'm home and drunk.

"Old college buddies supposedly, but get this. Dan asked Noah about his love life, and he said that he still has that arrangement with the nurse, but he hasn't seen her in a few weeks. Seriously, Kate, I could have died. And he would've been turned into stone had he bothered to glance my way at that exact moment. The f**ker even kept a straight face."

She's full on laughing down the phone at my predicament. "Sorry, Mac, but you have to admit that this is kind of funny. So where are you now?"

"I said I was thirsty, so I left to go buy a soda. What are the f**king chances, Kate? I mean, really. Delicious Daniel and Dr. Noah knowing each other? Holy flying shitballs, Batman!"

"Okay, Mac, take a deep breath," she says calmly, thankfully getting over her giggling fit as I follow her advice and breathe in and out. "Okay. You need to decide if you're gonna stick this date out, or make a cowardly escape right now?"

I think it over. I've been looking forward to this date with Daniel all week, and I'm not going to let Noah ruin it. If he tells Daniel I'm the nurse, I'll explain everything to him. That will be after I've kicked Noah in the junk and left him in a sobbing pile of douchness on the ground.

"Thanks, babe. I knew you'd talk me round. See you when I get home?" I ask, hoping that I'll be able to debrief with my best friend tonight.

"I should be home, but I'll let you know if I'm not," she explains, sounding way too cheerful for someone not getting laid.

"Oh my God, Kate. You got laid!" I exclaim down the phone, earning a few strange and intrigued looks from people milling around me.

"Did you just announce that to Soldier Field, Mac?"

"Maybe," I say before cracking up. "Sorry, but you did, didn't you?"

"I plead the fifth. Now go play nice with Noah and Daniel and I'll see you later, man-eater," she says, not hiding the laughter in her voice.

"I'll try," I grump back to her before hanging up.

Shit this is going to be the worst date in history, and none of it will be my actual date's fault! Of all the freaking people in the world Daniel had to know! Argh! I look like a crazy woman as I stomp towards the vending cart.

Now, I can't wait for this date to be over. It's got nothing to do with Delicious Daniel, but everything to do with the men my vagina has chosen to play with. Just my luck!

Thankfully, the rest of the date is uneventful. I swallow my pride and my anger, and play nice with Noah, who behaves for the rest of the day.

We get back to my place around eight o'clock, and when I invite Daniel inside, he declines in the nicest way possible, telling me has an early start in the morning.

"And if I come inside with you, in that hot Bear's get up, I might not want to leave, and as much as that is what I want to do, and I mean really want to do," he adds with a growl, "I think we've had a perfect day, and you have your three date rule."

I groan with disappointment and pout like a petulant child. He throws his head back and laughs. "You're even cute when you pout. How is that even possible?" he asks with a head shake. Turning towards me in the passenger seat, he leans over, gently brushing a wayward curl back behind my ear. "Gorgeous," he murmurs, looking at me intently. "I can give you a goodnight kiss though."

Cupping my cheek with one hand, he glides the other into my hair, and nips my bottom lip, requesting entry. I comply immediately, wrapping my hands around his neck and pulling him as close as I can, stroking his tongue with mine, and losing myself in the moment.

I've always loved kissing. I may not do strings, but kissing is a must have. It's intimate, it's hot when done right, and Daniel seems to be an expert in it. I mean of course he is! I'm starting to wonder if there is anything this man can't do well.

I move my fingers through the back of his hair, applying just enough pressure to show my enjoyment. I hear a growl rumble deep in his chest, and I know he's getting close to the breaking point. I feel his hand move down my arm, the slight roughness of his fingers tracing an invisible line of lust down my body. He cups my breast, rubbing his thumb across my now erect nipple, straining against its lace prison, and begging to be released. I move my hands, raking my fingers down his back and reveling when I feel him arch against me. We're lost in a frenzy of mouths, lips, tongues and hands, neither one of us wanting to stop. All of a sudden, the car jolts as a dog jumps up against the side of the now fogged up car, forcing me to scream in shock.

We pull apart slightly, and I rest my head on his shoulder as I erupt into a fit of giggles. I feel a light peck on my cheek before he whispers, "I'm starting to think you might be the superhero, Mac. You make me lose my mind."

"Right back at ya, Superman."

Chapter 7 - "Hard Day's Night"

I stumble into the kitchen, stuck in a state of being half asleep and half awake, when I'm greeted by a smiling Kate.

"Morning, babe. How was the football game?" she asks with a shit eating grin.

I walk groggily over to the coffeemaker and fill my super large travel mug up to the top. Thank the lord for twelve cup coffeemakers. "It was uneventful after our phone call. We yelled, we screamed, we cheered when the Bears' won. We drove home, sat talking in his car outside for a good half hour or so, and he asked me out for Thursday night. He wants to take me to Navy Pier."

"Yay! I'm liking this one, Mac," she states proudly, almost bouncing with excitement on the bar stool she's sitting on.

"Settle, petal. It's been two dates. He's not proposing marriage or anything."

"Oh my God, imagine if he is the one, Mac. The one to break your no strings slutdom."

"Hey, enough of that!" I retort.

"Well, have you gone there with Danny Boy yet?" she asks.

"No. Well, maybe in my mind, but nothing past first base yet." Why can't I wipe this girly grin off my face?

"You still keeping with my three date rule then?"

"Of course. Don't want you thinking that I'd jump into bed with just anyone," I say with a wink.

She holds her hand up and starts counting her fingers, "Noah, one. Sean, two, and Zander the lucky number three."

"Shhh. It's too early in the morning for you to be giving me shit about the state of my love life." I shake my head and give her a playful scowl.

"Okay, so Thursday with the smoking hot volcano of fine? I can work with that. Maybe I'll get to actually meet him this time," she murmurs. I can see that her mind is in overdrive. I don't even want to contemplate what she's planning. I can only hope that it won't be:

Horrifying.

Embarrassing as all hell.

She'll be three sheets to the wind and her mouth will be flapping like a barn door in a tornado.

Note to self: Hide all the alcohol in the house from Kate before Thursday!

I'm working day shifts this week starting Tuesday, so I spend the rest of the day doing menial tasks like laundry, cleaning, and catching up on all my missed TV shows. I'm halfway through a Vampire Diaries episode where Damon is being dirty and all kinds of hot when I hear my phone vibrate on the coffee table in front of me. I see it's Sean so pick up straight away.

"Hey," I answer.

"Hi, baby doll. How are you?

I can't help but smile at his pet name for me. He's called me that since that first night in the club. "I'm good, Sir," I say with a grin.

He chuckles, but it's not one filled with amusement. It's full of promises; a deep rumbling laugh that sends chills right through me every time. He can tell I'm being a smart ass. "Sounds like you might be in need of some discipline?"

"No, not at all. I'm kinda having a day off from the world today. A mental health day if you will."

"Everyone needs days like that now and then. What are your plans for this evening?" he asks.

"To be honest, I was going to have an early night, I went to the Bears' game yesterday. I even went tailgating before the game," I reply excitedly.

"Really? Who took my baby doll to her first tailgating party?" he asks with interest. This is how Sean is. He's always concerned for my welfare, always interested in my life, and I appreciate it more than he knows. It's nice to have a friend who cares about you, not just about the horizontal mambo positions you can shift into.

"Um, he's a guy I met on the train last week on my way home from work. He's just a friend, though," I say quickly. Fuck! Why did I feel the need to clarify that? There is no way that Daniel is just a friend. We may not have slept together yet, and everything has been PG so far, but boy, can that man kiss the socks off me. If I was a dog, I would have been dry humping his leg days ago.

"Mac, you know that it's not safe to ride the L at night. I've said time and time again that you need to taxi or call my car service. You know I don't mind."

"I know, Sean, but it's okay. I'm always safe, I promise," I say sullenly, feeling slightly scolded. Even when he's not in the same room as me I submit to him, it's a very heady power he has over me. Thankfully, Sean has never been one to take advantage. It has always been in the right situations and always in the bedroom. It's never crossed over into everyday life. I think that is why it works well for us.

"So, I shall await your call then?" I detect a small amount of disappointment in his voice, not that he would ever admit it.

"Definitely, I call you next week and see if you're still in town? Maybe we can catch up for a drink?" I add, hoping he'll say yes. I haven't seen him in a month and have actually missed his company, as well as the hot ass sex he is oh so good at delivering.

"Sounds good. You be careful, or else I'll spank you until you do," he warns. God damn, that man and his promises. Just the thought of his hand warming my begging ass has me blushing.

That first night we spent together was unreal.

With a firm grip of my hand, he led me past the red velvet rope and up the sleek black wooden stairs towards the VIP level of the club. His whole persona was addictive. He held himself with such confidence, so determined. I knew that when he saw something or someone he wanted, he'd always get it. That night what he wanted was me, and I was nothing but an enamored moth to his burning hot flame.

Reaching the top of the stairs, he led me towards a dimly lit hallway lined with low hanging red tinted lamps. Even the hallway had a sexual energy. There were three doors on each side, each door a different color, fading from black at the beginning to red hot red at the end.

When he reached the red door, he spun on his heels and pushed me against the door, taking my mouth with reckless abandon. I gasped at his ferocity, allowing his eager tongue the welcome access. He'd taunted me, his mouth claiming mine as his own. Easing back, he lightly scraped his teeth along my lower lip, sending a delicious shiver through my entire body.

"Tonight, baby doll, you're mine. Do you understand that?"

I nodded, unable to form words. I was that turned on by his sudden power over me. I relished the loss of control, the sudden desire to give myself up to this dark seductive man consuming me.

His piercing stare cemented me against the wall. It silently spoke of desire and power, yet I was not scared by him. The way his hand firmly gripped my hip while the other was caging me in, I felt safe. I remember being confused by the sheer magnetism of him.

Moving his hand from the door, he pulled out a gold key from his pocket and unlocked the door behind me. Wrapping his arm around my back, he eased the door open, guiding me backwards into the unknown abyss while his mouth found mine again. This time I was prepared, matching his tongue stroke for stroke. I lifted my hands up into his hair, grabbing the strands between my fingers, and tightening them when I began to lose myself to his lips.

A growl rumbled in his chest as I tightened my grip, and before I knew it the door was slammed shut behind me, and my back was flat against it as Sean continued to explore every inch of me. Pulling his mouth off me, he moved his lips along my jaw, nipping my ear as he whispered "You're so f**king hot, baby doll. I can't wait to have your ass warm from my hand. To have you laid out before me, begging to be f**ked."

An electric shock jolted through my body, his crude words igniting me, driving me crazy. He trailed his tongue down my neck, nipping the skin where my neck and collarbone meet. I sagged against him, giving myself to him. He felt it happen, murmuring against my skin as he slipped his fingers between the slinky mesh fabric of my dress, sweeping it slowly down my shoulder and exposing my tingly skin to him as it fell down. Moving over to the other side, he did the same, dragging the material down my arm with his teeth, then running the point of his tongue back up my arm to my strapless lace corset top I'd worn underneath.

"Hands on the door, don't move," he commanded as he moved both hands up to my br**sts, swiping his thumbs across my straining erect ni**les and eliciting a raspy moan from my mouth. "Fucking beautiful, baby doll," he said as he hooked his fingers inside the top, pulling my br**sts up and exposing them. Before I could rationalize what was happening, his hot wet mouth was on me, pulling my sensitive peak into his mouth and raking his teeth gently against it. He released it with a popping sound before moving to the other side and paying it the same attention. By then my body was burning hot, and I felt like I could spontaneously combust at any moment.

Arching my back into his hands and mouth, my mind was full of what laid ahead, the pleasure this man was promising to give me. One night, one mind blowing night with no inhibitions, no stress, just giving myself up to this sexy as f**k man who wanted to devour me.

He pulled his mouth off of me and moved back, staring at me while he took in my now half naked body before him. "We need to get these clothes off," he spat out before grabbing my dress which was now gathered at my waist and tugging it down my legs until I was left bare in front of him.

The dress I had been wearing had not allowed panties, so my lower body was exposed, leaving me standing before him in only my corset and black stilettos. The way he looked at me scorched my skin and left me breathless. Hearing his breath hitch as the last inch of my body was shown to him just spurred me on. I pulled my hands up off the door, forgetting his command to leave them there, and wrapped my arms around his shoulders, urging him closer to me. Moving in, his mouth found my neck while his hand trailed down the side of my body, caressing my hip before moving inward, his fingers between my parted legs.

"Oh, baby doll, you're so wet for me. Such a shame that you disobeyed," he said dangerously. "My hand is going to warm your ass until you're begging me to be inside you."

Not leaving me anytime to absorb what he'd just promised to do to me, he grabbed my hand, leading me over to a black leather one-seater chair and sitting down, leaving me standing naked in front of him, between his open legs. I admired the large bulge straining against his dark grey pants, unconsciously licking my lips at the sight. The ache between my legs intensified, and I remember thinking that I would die if he wasn't inside me soon. Clearing his throat, my eyes snapped back to his face. He flashed a knowing grin back at me.

Shit!

"Now would be the time to change your mind, Mac. Otherwise, in less than thirty seconds I'm going to have your bare ass lying across my lap, and my hand stinging from the hard spanking I intend to give you," he stated with a quirked brow, like he's laying down the gauntlet for me.

I'm snapped out of my delicious flashback by a knock at the front door. I look at the clock on the wall and see that it's 1 p.m. When I get to the door, I look through the peephole to find a Superman symbol, and start laughing. I open the door to find a beaming Daniel holding two brown bags in his hands, and a Superman key ring dangling off his keys.

Leaning against the open door, I quirk my brow. "And for what do I owe this pleasure?" I can't hold back the smile that is on my lips at the mere sight of him.

"You mentioned that you had today off, and I have a quiet afternoon, so I thought what could be better than having lunch outside with a beautiful stranger," he says with a wink.

I look down at my outfit, currently consisting of an oversized top with a picture of a fork and a spoon and the caption 'Spooning leads to Forking' (not my finest moment) and leggings. Daniel looks like sex on legs with his black slacks and his open white business shirt with the sleeves rolled up, showing off some impressive forearms. I bet he could do push-ups above me while he....

Shit! Where was I? Oh, yeah.

"Ah, as you can see, I'm not dressed for public consumption," I can feel the blush creeping up my cheeks. God, you don't let any prospective bed mate see you in your lounge around home ensemble until AFTER you've slept together.

"To be honest, Mac, seeing you like this? It's sexy as f**k," he says with a grin. "How about we just stay here for lunch? Then I can check you out in private. As long as you don't mind me intruding," he adds with a hint of uncertainty in his tone.

Wow, looks like fun, flirtatious, dirty Daniel is in the house today. I'm liking all the different sides of Daniel I've seen so far, maybe a bit too much. It doesn't stop me from taking a step forward and placing a soft kiss on his cheek.

"Sounds good."

Stepping to the side, I hold my hand out, directing him in like a cop standing on an intersection. You're such a dork, Mac!

"Would you like a drink?" I ask, walking into the kitchen and opening the fridge to see what I can even offer. "We've got OJ, Water, Milk...oooh, there are two bottles of Millers left."

"Would be a shame to let a Miller got to waste," he says behind me as he places the food on the breakfast bar.

"Damn, a man after my own heart," I say without engaging my stupidity filter.

I turn around, holding the two bottles in my hand, and when I see the look on his face, I'm speechless. His eyes have softened, and he's giving me the sexiest grin I've ever seen. "You never know your luck in the big city, Mac," he adds, copying my earlier comment. "But for now, enough with the flirting or else I'll forget all about this food and devour you for lunch."

Nope, I was wrong. Now I'm the one with the goofy look on my face. Inner Mac is screaming at him 'Devour me, devour me now!'

I shake my head, trying to regain my composure. Daniel chuckles as he takes a seat on a bar stool and starts pulling out our lunch, which looks more like a gourmet spread than a deli lunch.

Yet another mark in his favor.

Chapter 8 - "Hungry Eyes"

In the blink of an eye, it's Thursday and almost time for my third date with Daniel. Yes, third date. This is a miracle, at least for me.

I'm not a dater. I may accept a drink or two from a handsome stranger at a bar, or meet up with a friend with benefits for a drink and a game of pool, but since I've been back living in Chicago I've only been on a handful of dates. Kate is the dater. I love her dearly, but she's always had the delusional belief of love at first sight and happy ever afters. She's a hopeless romantic, which, unfortunately, means that she's had more than her fair share of heartbreak over the years.

I now have her heartbreak process worked out, and have perfected a technique to handle them, down to a fine art.

Day 1 involves pajamas, Ben and Jerry's, and a DVD marathon of Supernatural or Gossip Girl. There is nothing like a bit of Sam and Dean, or Chuck Bass to make a girl feel better.

Day 2 is her angry stage, where she wants to wring the neck of every member of the male race with her bare hands. On those days, we consume large quantities of vodka and Red Bull. Tequila shots have also been known to make a welcome appearance. The hangovers we have by the next day suck, but generally by day three, Kate is ready to jump back on the horse, or the next available male so to speak.

I get home from work before Kate does, having skipped out an hour early to pop down to Michigan Avenue and find a hot new top to wear for my date. I know Daniel wants to take me to Navy Pier. Part of me is hoping we end up at Pier Park and get stuck at the top of the ferris wheel, so I need an outfit that will be warm, functional, and sexy.

The third date rule will no longer apply after tonight and thank God for that! I'm dying to find out how talented Daniel is with that mouth of his. We may be stranded on second base, but that doesn't rule out an instant home run, especially where he's concerned. That grin, the twinkle in his eye, that delightful mouth that can turn my insides to jelly within seconds...

Argh!

I'm shaved, showered and exfoliated head to toe by the time Kate walks in the door. Dumping her purse and keys on the kitchen counter, she stands there blatantly checking me out. With a little twirl of her finger, I do a spin showing her the complete look.

"Very nice, babe. New top?" she asks, leaning forward and checking the inside label. "Yes, and expensive too." She leans against the bench and quirks a brow at me. "A lot of effort for a date, Mac," she adds with a grin.

"Don't," I say sternly but with a huge smile. "Don't say it. I just want to look nice for him. What's wrong with that?"

"Nothing," she says in an annoying sing song voice. "I'm going to shut up before you start freaking out on me. It's nice seeing you like this. Dating, and actually wanting to go out with the same man more than once."

"Hush now. Can you do something with my hair?" I tilt my head and give her my best sad puppy dog look which wins her over every time.

She lets out an exaggerated sigh. "Oh, come into my bathroom. I'll do something with this mess of yours."

"Yay! Love you." I pucker my lips at her for an air kiss just as she grabs my hand and drags me towards her miracle station aka her bathroom.

At seven-thirty, Kate and I are sitting on the couch watching our favorite entertainment news show and catching up on all the celebrity gossip when there's a knock at the door.

"I'll get it," Kate says, jumping to her feet and rushing to the door before I have a chance to stop her.

"Hi, you must be the smoking hot volcano of fine I've heard so much about." Her voice is full of glee as she greets him. Damn that girl! "I'm Kate, Mac's best friend and roommate."

She's holding her hand out to him which he shakes firmly, being the gentleman he is and I don't miss the low chuckle he makes at Kate's introduction. I shake my head as I walk towards the kitchen to grab my purse.

"Nice to meet you," he says before looking my way. He stops and stares at me.

"What? Do I have something on my face?" I ask, rubbing my hands over my face. Dammit, that's all I need.

"No, gorgeous, you look beautiful. I just wanted a moment to take you in," he says with a wide grin.

I look down at my outfit. A burgundy tank with lace cut outs, a pair of cute black skinny jeans with cargo pockets on the legs and three zips on the thighs, and black leather, zip front ankle boots that I saw in Nordstrom's today and couldn't leave behind.

"Oh!" I blush. Damn that man and his ability to make me lose my head at a moment's notice.

He walks towards me, stopping so close I can feel the heat radiating off his body. He lifts his hand up to my face and pushes a wayward hair back behind my ear. "You look sexy when you blush," he says so quietly that I'm sure I'm hearing things. He kisses my cheek softly before pulling back and smiling. Damn he has the straightest teeth I've ever seen, and perfectly white. Does he not have anything wrong with him? Like even just one thing...well, not that thing because that would be a disaster for all women kind.

"Do you want to have a drink here first, or should we get going?" I ask, doing a last minute check of my bag for the essentials: lip gloss, mascara, perfume, deodorant, condoms.

Check!

"Well, if you don't mind I've made us a dinner reservation for eight so we should probably get going," he suggests.

"Sure. Kate, love you. See you when I get back?"

"I won't wait up," she replies with a wink. "Anyway, I've got a date with the Salvatore brothers."

Daniel walks towards the front door, grinning ear to ear. He turns and grabs my coat off my arm, holding it out for me. "Bye, Kate. Hope to see you again sometime."

I walk up to him and guide my hands into the arms of the coat. Daniel runs his hands over the shoulders and down the front of the jacket, his hands skimming my br**sts as he smoothes it out for me. "Perfect," he says before leaning forward and kissing my forehead. "Just like you."

I hear Kate sigh behind us, and I giggle as I wave bye to her and walk out the front door with my Delicious Daniel.

I'm barely fifty feet down the sidewalk before I feel my phone vibrate in my pocket with a text. Pulling it out, I see its Kate, I sigh, already knowing what I'll see when I read the message.

"Kate? Already?" Daniel muses.

"Yes, no doubt it'll be about you," I say jokingly. I open the message and snort at what I read.

Kate: Hot damn, Mac. If you don't want him, I'm more than happy to take him off your commitment phobe hands. He has me drooling at both ends!

I hear a chuckle come from Daniel, and as I look up at him I see that he's read the message over my shoulder. Holy crap!

"I'm so sorry! Kate lost her brain to mouth filter a long time ago."

"I like her. She tells it like it is." He wraps his arm around my waist and pulls me into his side, kissing my hair before murmuring, "Although, I'd love to know if I make you drool too."

"I bet you would, Superman. Remember, you said you'd show me how well you play cards," I say with a slight hip bump.

"Oh, I will, Mac. Don't doubt it for a second." He flashes me that sexy grin of his again.

After another block of walking, and me silently scolding myself for choosing such ridiculous but pretty shoes, we stop outside a cute little Italian restaurant. To be honest, it doesn't look all that inviting from the outside. Daniel sees the disbelief on my face and grins.

"Just trust me on this, Mac. You're going to love it." He grabs my hand and steps forward. I think he's going to open the door for me, but instead he pulls me into his arms and dips me backwards, planting the mother of all hard kisses on my waiting lips. Having kissed the life out of me, he pulls me back up and holds me while I regain both my breath and my senses. He literally just swept me off my feet, in the middle of the freaking sidewalk.

Holy mother of God. This boy is a card shark!

He smiles at me, knowing damn well the effect he's having on me. "You okay there, Mac?" he asks, knowing all too well that I'm a pawn in his sexy game.

"You know exactly what you're doing to me, Superman," I retort, "and two can play this game," I step forward and open the restaurant door, making sure to add a little spring in my step and a wiggle in my walk as I make my way to the hostess.

He stands beside me, giving me a knowing grin before turning his attention to the young hostess who is blushing at the mere sight of him. Yes, chicky. He's hot, and he's mine, so back off!

Whoa, where did that green-eyed monster come from?

"Table for two under Winters," he tells the hostess.

"Right this way, Mr. Winters."

Daniel reaches down and grabs my hand, entwining our fingers and leading me to our table.

Superman 1. Mac 0.

The hostess leads us to a table near the back of the restaurant, and of course Daniel stops and pulls my chair out. The way he's acting tonight is making me nervous. He's not like most of the guys I've been out with over the years. He doesn't have a game plan, and he's not just being a gentleman to get in my pants. He seems genuine. Like he really wants to be here, having a civilized dinner with me.

Each date we've been on has been initiated by him, organized by him. At no stage have I felt like he's doing it all just to get into my pants. I'm not used to being treated this way; being respected and treated like a lady. In all honesty, it's doing my head in.

Once I'm seated, Daniel takes the seat opposite me and gives me that stellar grin of his. The one so hot it could melt icebergs. God, that smile alone has me hungry for more than just dinner. Yes, it may be our third date and I've managed to follow my new rule, but it definitely hasn't been easy. Had he agreed to coming inside last weekend, I would have told him to go straight to my room, do not pass go, do not collect two hundred dollars. And there wouldn't have been any Monopoly going on, that's for sure.

"You look distracted, Mac," he says, not even trying to hide his amusement.

"Sorry, my mind was running away with me," I reply with a smile.

Quirking an eyebrow, he tilts his head slightly. "And where was it going exactly?"

"Ah... I was wondering how I'd ever decide what to order." I grab the menu and open it up, trying to hide my flaming cheeks.

Leaning forward, he places his finger in the middle of the menu and pushes it down so he can see my face. "Mac, don't hide that beautiful face from me. In fact, there is no need to hide anything. I like what I've seen of you so far, I especially like that face of yours. This is just another date. There are no expectations, and definitely no obligations. For either one of us."

Shit, now I feel bad. How is it possible that Daniel is so nice?

"Okay. I'm sorry. I'm just not used to being treated like this," I say honestly, flinging my hand around in the air.

"Like what? Being taken out to a nice restaurant by a deliciously handsome man, and having to stop yourself from throwing him on the table and having your wicked way with him?" His eyes are fixed on me, but they're dancing with amusement now.

"Exactly! How am I supposed to hold myself back?" I exclaim dramatically. He cracks up laughing and reaches over the table, taking my hand in his.

"Mac, I like you, but we are still getting to know each other okay. If you feel pressured or uncomfortable at any time, just tell me and we'll take a step back." I can't doubt the sincerity in his face. We sit there for a good minute just looking at one another, and taking the other person in. The chemistry between us is undeniable.

And it scares me to death.

"Can I take your order, sir?" a young, male waiter asks, standing beside our table. The spell between us is broken, and I see Daniel shake his head to snap out of it.

"Sorry. Mac, are you ready to order?"

"You choose, Superman. I'll judge you by your selection," I add with a wink.

"Ooh, challenge accepted, gorgeous. Okay, I'll have the chicken parmigiana, and my date will have, the Alfredo. Can we also have some bread with dips, and an antipasto platter for a shared starter?" Daniel asks expertly. He must really like Italian food!

"Certainly, sir. Would you like to order drinks?" he inquires.

"Yes, I'll have Chianti, please," I say with a friendly smile.

"Make that a bottle for us to share," Daniel pipes up.

"Great. I'll be right back with your wine." The waiter turns on his heels and retreats.

"This restaurant is great. Do you come here often?" I ask.

"I try to pop in once every few months. The food's authentic and I love the ambiance."

"That's cool. I love it when you come across a good little restaurant like this one. They seem to feel more relaxed and comfortable if that makes sense." I'm sure I'm rambling like a nervous teenager. I don't know why, but I'm really nervous tonight. It might have something to do with the fact that I've never made it past the first date with a new guy before I tell him about my no commitment vow, or I've found something irritatingly wrong with him and have to blow him off.

I can't find anything at fault with Daniel.

He's hot. Check!

He's kind and courteous. Check!

He's totally f**king hot. Triple check!

And he's a gentleman. Home run!

Why can't I find anything wrong with him? Surely he can't really be this perfect.

"Okay, so tell me about your family. Any brothers or sisters?" I ask.

"Yes, actually. I have one brother and two sisters. All are still here in Chicago too," he answers just as the waiter returns with our bottle of wine. He shows Daniel the label before corking it and pouring us a glass each. After placing the bottle on the table, he leaves us alone again.

I pick up my glass and hold it out to Daniel, who reciprocates as we clink our glasses together. "To third dates with superheroes," I say with a cheeky grin.

Daniel raises a brow like he's accepting my challenge. "To third dates with sexy women who don't realize how truly breathtakingly beautiful they are, inside and out."

Holy God! This man is on fire tonight! With one toast, he's managed to make me swoon and clench my legs together at the same time.

Superman 2. Mac 0.

Dammit!

Chapter 9 - "Hot in the City"

After a thoroughly enjoyable dinner, and a few glasses of the fantastic Chianti, I'm relaxed and happy.

The date has been filled with awesome conversation where we've talked about our jobs, our families, even how we both like to go running in the summer. We decide to order a Tiramisu to share to finish off our meal.

The waiter brings the dessert to our table with two spoons. As soon as he's gone, Daniel looks over at me with that cheeky grin of his that I swear he's been wearing all night. The one that screams that he's imagining me naked while the gleam in his eye reminds me that he's still got a few cards left up his sleeve.

"Can I feed you?" he asks with a dangerously low voice. Again, I'm forced to squeeze my legs together to try and dull the growing ache.

Although I'm taken aback by the intimacy of such a request, I'm trying not to show that he's making me nervous. "I'd love you to."

He dips his spoon into the creamy dessert and moves forward in his seat to reach over the table until the spoon lashes my lips with exquisite vanilla cream. I take the whole spoon in my mouth, my eyes never leaving his until he sees my tongue dart out and catch a small amount that has stuck to my lip. His gaze drops to my lips, and I can see his eyes dilate as he watches me clean it off me.

"Damn, I want to taste your mouth right now," he mutters under his breath.

"What's stopping you?" I retort with a smirk.

I hear him growl. "You're such a little tease, you know that?"

"I may have been told that from time to time." I dip my finger into the whipped cream and hold it out to him. He softly takes my finger into his mouth. My eyes widen, and my breathing picks up as he swirls his tongue around my finger inside his mouth, lightly sucking it before releasing it with a loud pop.

I groan in delight. "Damn, boy. You're giving me way too much to think about."

He stands up and leans over the table until his lips are only an inch away from mine. "Then don't think. Just go with it," he murmurs against my lips as he traces his tongue along my bottom lip. My mouth opens, and as soon as my aching tongue touches his, the kiss becomes ravenous. I wrap my hands around his neck and we battle for supremacy while tasting tiramisu on each other's lips. Then, as quick as it starts it ends as he pulls back, resting his forehead on mine while we catch our breaths.

"If I start now, Mac, I won't be able to stop until you're underneath me on this table. So I'm thinking..." he says huskily, stroking his hand softly down my cheek, "that we need a change of scenery."

He stands back up and walks around the table, holding his hand out to me. Placing my hand in his, we briefly stop at the hostess booth to take care of the bill, then walk out the door and into the warm spring night. I check my watch and see that it's only nine o'clock.

Daniel stops and turns to face me in the middle of the sidewalk outside the restaurant. "Where to now, m'lady?" he asks with a fake, and really bad, British accent.

I look up at him and smirk, trying to hold back my laughter. "Well, you did promise to take me to Navy Pier, mister," I say, playfully poking his chest with my free hand. "And a promise is a promise." Still holding my hand, he wraps it behind my back while he adds pressure, pinning my body to his. "And I intend to keep that promise, just as soon as I do this." He bends his head down and kisses me softly again.

This man can kiss. I could honestly just stand here and kiss him all night long. I close my eyes and let myself get carried away with this kiss. It's different to the one he gave me in the restaurant. This kiss is full of promise, full of desire, and if his large, hard c**k that is now lying against my stomach is any indication, a sign of things to come.

Realizing that we're blocking the sidewalk on a busy intersection making out like teenagers, I force myself to break free, but I can't help the goofy grin that covers my face.

"Wow," I say, winded.

"Wow is right. I could stand here and do THAT all day," he says, his face beaming.

"Navy Pier, Pier Park. Go now before we lose our train of thought, and I drag you back to my place, or yours, whichever is closest," I say, trying to talk inner Mac out of her demands to drag him in the opposite direction. Inner Mac is feisty and always horny, thinking with her vagina first, and her brain a close second.

"Yes, let's go," he says, adjusting his pants ever so discretely so that his 'happiness' is not so visible to every Tom, Dick, and Harry walking past.

I can't help but giggle at his predicament. I have to admit, when it comes to getting excited in public, women are a lot luckier than men.

"You think it's funny that I have to walk three blocks with this hard on, and you look as unaffected as always."

I turn into him, lifting myself up slightly to whisper in his ear, "I'm so far from being unaffected. I wish you knew how wet and ready I am right now."

Daniel suddenly starts coughing, "Damn, Mac. So not helping things right now," he says, his voice cracking.

I shrug my shoulders and smile. "At least I know that you are thinking about the same things as I am now."

We reach the park about fifteen minutes later, our progress hindered by my sky high boots that my feet are now complaining to me about...a lot! Pier Park closed early for the night, scuttling our plans to take a few rides on the Ferris wheel. "Are your feet sore? Do you want to just take a slow walk around the pier?"

"Sounds good, but I'm gonna take these torture devices off my feet," I say as I find a park bench and sit down, bending over to pull them off.

"Let me."

He gets down on one knee and holds my ankle, unzipping the boots and sliding the first one off. He then starts rubbing his hands into my feet, kneading them firmly. I can't stifle the moan that escapes me as I lean back against the bench and enjoy the blissful foot rub I'm currently being given.

"That feels so good," I groan as he continues his massage. He then turns his attention to my other foot, his touch on my skin so light, yet his heat burns through me in a direct line to my now aching core. This is the most drawn out foreplay I've ever experienced, and I almost don't want it to end.

Once he's finished, he stands back on his feet, my super pretty boots in one hand while he pulls me up with the other. "Better?" he asks, kissing my temple.

"Much. You better watch out, though. I might have to keep you stashed in the corner of my bedroom as my personal foot massage slave," I say with a laugh.

His eyes grow dark, full of hunger and desire. "You wouldn't have to force me to stay in your bedroom, Mac."

"The idea of it makes me hot," I reply with a wink.

We start walking, his arm wrapped around my waist as he pulls me close to his side. It feels nice; maybe too nice. Why does this freak me the f**k out? He's just a man. A hot as hell, southern gentleman whom I happen to be dating.

No!

I'm not dating. I'm casually meeting once or twice a week and kissing frequently. Nope, not serious.

No commitment.

No expectations.

No chance of him dictating my life.

"Just relax, Mac. We're just walking."

Shit! What is he now, a mind reader?

His words are my salve, and I instantly melt back into him. There is something about his voice that soothes me, calms me down. It's like he can sense my skittishness and he's treading softly. How can this man know me so well after three dates? Well, four if you count his impromptu deli lunch on Monday.

"It's been four dates," I spit out, not realizing what I just said until it was too late. Damn my broken brain to mouth filter. He stops walking and turns towards me, the grin on his face unmistakable.

"And?"

"And that means we can do whatever we want to do to each other," I reply, my smile getting wider to match the huge grin on his face.

He tilts his head to the side in that cute way he does. "So why are we still on the pier then?"

"You tell me. and we'll both know."

"Your place or mine?"

"Mine's closer."

"Let's go," he says gruffly, unable to hide the affect that this tangent in the night is having on him as he spins and starts walking rather quickly towards the cab rank.

As soon as I lead Daniel by the hand through my bedroom door, I find myself pinned against the wall, his hard body pressed firmly against mine as he ravages my mouth with a hunger most women only fantasize about. I return his kiss with fervor, releasing a few week's worth of pent up sexual frustration into our kiss. His hands cradle my head as his tongue expertly explores my mouth. I shift my hands down his arms wanting to touch him, brand him like he has branded me so many times before with his words, his voice, his never ending kisses. I can't get enough of him as we start ripping each other's clothes off. Two and half weeks, nineteen long days without nakedness, without an orgasm that wasn't self-induced. It may be our first time together, but there is no time for seduction or niceties.

It's hot and unadulterated, and we're both desperate for it to start.

He falls down onto his knees after pulling my top over my head and throwing it in the general direction of my bathroom. My breathing has been reduced to small pants, whimpering as he hooks his fingers into the waist band of my jeans, deftly undoing the button, then tugging the zipper and pulling them down along with my lacy thong. His head dips towards me, immediately moving in to nuzzle the inside of my thighs as I part my legs, desperate to feel him.

Without a moment's hesitation, his tongue is on me, flicking over my hardened clit like it's a switch he's trying to flick on and off. Waves of pleasure start rolling through me. Yes, it has been way too long in between visits to O-town. The things this man can do with his tongue should be studied and documented. For God's sake, he should give lessons!

After licking and sucking me to the cusp of an orgasm, and feeling my legs tense up around him, he moves one hand to the outside of my thigh to keep me in place and snakes his other hand between my legs, a lone finger inching inside me, stroking me in time with his tongue.

"More," I managed to spit out as he adds another finger inside of me, thrusting them in an unstoppable rhythm as my hips start to move against him. "Ahh, Daniel!" I cry out as he sucks my clit hard, flicking his tongue against it, throwing me head first into a mind bending climax that makes my legs buckle and my eyes water with amazement.

"Damn, I could never forget how you taste, Mac. You're like the finest champagne, and all I wanna do is get drunk on you."

"Mmm Hmm," I murmur, trying to gather my senses and return my breathing to something resembling normal. His words are not helping me keep a clear head around him that's for sure.

"Now, for the main course," he announces, confidently rising to his feet while pulling his pants down and pushing them away from us on the floor.

"Maybe I should say thank-you first," I say with a cheeky smile, kissing him ardently as I push him towards my wooden four-post bed, silently praising myself for remembering to make it before Daniel picked me up for our date.

"I'm never gonna stop you from doing that, Mac. Just kissing that mouth of yours drives me crazy," he replies huskily as the back of his knees hit the bed and he sits down, leaning back on his hands, offering his erection to me willingly.

I've always loved giving head to a man. There is something powerful and thrilling about being able to bring even the most domineering men to their knees. Figuratively, of course, because it's much easier when they're sitting, or standing, or straddling your face.

I slowly bend down at the waist, lightly licking his tip with the flat of my tongue, earning an encouraging groan from him. I look up at him as I take his length in my mouth and see his gaze pinned to the mirror behind me. He's realized that I'm bending over right in front of the mirror lining my closet door, and he can see everything I have to offer while I continue to deep throat his throbbing c**k in my mouth. I run one of my hands down my body, settling between my legs as I use my fingers to show him exactly where I want him to be, and soon.

"Holy shit, Mac, that is the hottest thing I've ever seen. Absolutely f**king beautiful," he spits out before throwing his head back against the wall, growling as his hard length hits the back of my mouth and I swallow against him, my throat muscles latching on to his c**k before releasing him as he slides back out. I repeat my bedroom party trick, as my fingers rake gently across the sensitive skin of his inner thigh, making him shake at the intensity of the feeling. I start humming against his skin, sending vibrations through both of us, and I feel myself getting wetter and more turned on the crazier I make him. I'm actually close to getting off from going down on him which has never happened before. I swear to God that I could keep swallowing him, and with one touch to my clit, I'd be going off like a rocket on the fourth of July. My pu**y is throbbing in protest, screaming out to be filled by his cock.

"I need to be inside you, Mac. Like, about five f**king minutes ago," I hear before his hands settle on my hips, pulling me over him. Thankfully, I have the forethought to grab a condom out of my bedside drawer. I rip the foil wrapper and pinch the end before rolling the thin latex down his c**k with my mouth.

"Damn," he growls out before lifting me over his pelvis and pulling me down, impaling me oh so slowly. I lean forward and kiss him, licking the inside of his mouth and battling with his tongue for control as my body adjusts to his formidable size. Feeling me loosen around him, he starts to buck his hips against me while I start bearing down on him, matching his thrusts as he continues to push himself deeper into me. He moves his arms, securing one around my waist to control me while his other hand moves between us to stroke my clit with renewed vigor.

"I want you to come with me, babe. At the same f**king time," he says between hard and fast thrusts in and out of me. I have no control over the sounds that are escaping my mouth, all caused by the thrilling fullness I feel with Daniel being buried to the hilt inside me. This is unadulterated pure heaven, and I don't want it to end. I could stay attached to this man's body forever, giving in to the continuous orgasms I know he'll give me.

"Are you close, babe?" he asks, panting as he pushes deeper inside of me. "Oh, yeah you are. I can feel your pu**y strangling my cock." I moan at his dirty words. There is something about the words tight, c**k and pu**y that amps me up when I'm in the moment. But with Daniel saying them, they push me over the damn edge.

"Oh, yes. Harder, Daniel. Yes, don't stop. Fuck!" I cry out as I come with one last push down on him as he slams into my cervix and explodes inside me.

Collapsing on top of him, he just lies there, pulsating inside of me, his whole body shaking as the last effects of his orgasm leave his body.

"Damn, Mac, it's never going to be bad with you, is it?" he says breathlessly.

"I aim to please, Superman," I say against his chest as I try to reclaim my equilibrium which has scattered the moment I came hard around him.

Daniel gets up and goes to my bathroom to take care of the condom, before returning to the bed, naked as the day he was born, and crawling under the covers beside me. He pulls me in tight against his body and wraps his arm around my head, resting his hand on my bare hip.

"Do you mind if I stay?" he asks sleepily, lightly tracing circles with his thumb on my skin, sending divine tingles throughout my orgasm wracked body.

"I'm not letting you go anywhere right now," I mumble against his chest, beyond exhausted.

I feel him chuckle. "Good, Mac, 'cuz right now there is nowhere else I want to be."

It scares the shit out of me how true his last statement is for me too.

Chapter 10 "Come and Get It"

My eyes slowly open as the sunlight drifts through the blinds onto the bed. I try to roll over, but feel a rather hard, ready to go man against my back. His arm wrapped around my waist, holding me close as I feel a slight thrust against me.

"It feels like a good morning," I murmur sleepily.

"Can't complain," I hear as his hand snakes up to cup one of my br**sts, swiping his thumb across my hard sensitive nipple. Arching my back into his morning wood, I moan in delight when he lightly pinches me, sending a pulse straight to my now wet pu**y.

"Again," I say as he slides his body down ever so slightly so that his hard length runs against my labia, my wetness spreading against him.

"I like waking you up like this, Mac, you're all sleepy and pliant. It's like I'm seeing a whole other side of the Makenna persona," he whispers in my ear as he speeds up his delicious assault on me. My hips move against him, his slippery head hitting my clit at the perfect angle with every inward push.

"God, that feels so good," I say, my voice cracking as my horny body gives in the craving. I move my hand between my legs, my fingers stroking my clit and swirling around his c**k as it dives into my pu**y in one perfectly positioned move.

"Fuck, you feel good, gorgeous. Your pu**y is gripping my c**k like a hot silk glove," he spits out, leaning forward to nip and kiss my collarbone. Shit, no condom! But f**k, he feels so good. I haven't done it bareback since Beau.

He stills, his c**k deep inside me. "I'm clean, Mac, and you're the only women I've been uncovered with, but f**k if I couldn't resist sliding deep inside you," he says quietly between each kiss. He pulls out slightly before pushing back into me hard and fast. Each thrust of his hips ignites a spark, getting closer to the explosion we both crave. I'm too wrapped up in Daniel's spine tingling sexual assault to contemplate what he just said.

"I have an IUD, we're good. Fuck, you're hard as stone Superman." I speed up my hand, the tightly coiled spring inside me getting closer and closer to breaking free, catapulting me over the finish line. Daniel moves his hand on top of mine, his fingers mimicking mine, stroke for stroke.

"Don't you stop that. It's so f**king hot. God damn, Mac, don't you dare stop." He speeds up, pounding me relentlessly, speeding up the rubbing on my clit until I feel my pu**y strangling his cock. "Holy shit," I spit out before I'm crying out his name, over and over again, coming apart all over him as he continues to piston in and out of me. With a final deep drive, he fills me to the hilt and lets himself go, shooting his come inside of me and biting my neck to stifle his groan as he climaxes.

We lie like that, pulsating through each other for what seems like forever. I'm so totally spent and relishing the orgasm afterglow that it takes a good five minutes to realize that he kind of had the 'I want to be monogamous" speech in the middle of mind-bending sexual pleasure, and totally got away with it.

That sneaky bastard! He totally cockblocked my freak out.

I wince as he pulls out of me, a gush of wetness following his retreat, reminding me of how he wanted to fill me, come inside me.

"That was f**king hot, Mac," he mumbles as he pulls me in tight against him once more.

"Yeah, you're pretty good at that," I say, trying to mask my screaming inner monologue.

"Why, thanks. You're not too bad yourself," he says with a chuckle.

I pull away from him, hoping to get to my bathroom before the panic hits me. This feels too good, too soon. It's too much for my brain to handle at this time of the morning.

"Ah, I'm just gonna go to the bathroom and clean up," I say, moving slightly to get out of his grasp.

"Just one more thing, Mac," he says before rolling me over and planting a hard wet kiss against my lips.

I pull away before my traitorous body decides to dive head first into round two. I jump up and make my way to the ensuite attached to my room, giving Daniel a sly grin before closing the door behind me.

Holy shit! That man has telepathic powers. Not only did we have explosive fourth date sex last night, we followed it up with an equally mind blowing sequel performance this morning, and without a condom. It's not that I'm worried about STDs or the like, and my birth control is firmly entrenched inside of me, but it felt so good, so personal...

Way too f**king right.

I do my morning business and stand in front of the bathroom mirror, bracing myself on the vanity as I stare at my reflection. My lips are swollen, my br**sts are heavy, and I feel perfectly sated. So why am I freaking out like a virgin on prom night? Fuck, Mac, get your head back in the game. It's just sex, with Delicious Daniel, who I'm starting to believe is a wolf in sheep's clothing. He's too perfect, too good, too right. I need to tell him about the others, especially if we're gonna continue to see each other and sleep together like this. He has a right to know.

They all know about each other and what the deal is. There is no jealousy, no macho bullshit. It's casual sex occasionally with guys that I am friends with. What's the problem with that?

'Oh, by the way, Daniel, I f**king dig your cock, especially when it's deep inside me. And I want to continue sexing you into the next millennium, but I also have three other equally hot, equally talented friends that I sleep with occasionally, and I wouldn't not say no to you becoming the fourth member of my penis harem.'

Dammit all to hell!

In all honesty, with sex like that I could be more than happy never leaving my bed as long as Daniel was in it with me. I blew Sean off last week, and after seeing the smug look on Noah's face at the tailgate party, I'm not too keen on seeing that man naked again anytime soon. And then there is Zander, my gorgeous energizer bunny who makes me do things in places I've never contemplated before, but who has been too busy to do anything other than work and sleep lately.

And now, I have to do the awkward morning after walk of shame in my own freaking house!

Pulling myself together, but still clueless as to what is going to happen next, I splash my face with water and brush my teeth. I grab my robe and slip it on before walking back into my bedroom. I'm surprised to see Daniel sitting on the side of my bed, fully dressed in his rumpled clothes from the night before. He smiles at me as I walk towards my dresser, pulling out a clean pair of underwear and sliding them on under my robe. I've never been shy with my body. I'm a firm believer of loving what you've got and going with it, owning it even, but I'm suddenly feeling really self-conscious around him.

"Are you going?" I ask, genuinely surprised at how easy this is gonna be.

He finishes putting his shoes on and stands up, walking towards me until he's almost touching me.

"Well, as much as I'd love to play hooky and stay in bed with you, the markets await. And I'm getting the impression that you might need a bit of time to process this," he says, waving his hand between us. "But I do want to say one thing, something for you to contemplate."

He pauses for a moment, staring straight at me with those gorgeous caramel eyes of his. They're filled with hope, with knowledge, and buzzing with the undeniable spark that has raced between us since that first meeting on the L and is now burning brighter than ever.

"I want to see you again. I want to more than see you again, and I hope like hell that you'll text me later on. But I'm going to leave you now, to freak out, to mull it over, and hopefully reminisce over what just happened between us because gorgeous, I know there is so much more where that just came from."

And with that, he leans forward and meshes his lips with mine, brushing his tongue against mine with purpose and promise, leaving me to grab a hold of his biceps and let him take what he wants. He tears himself away, kissing my lips softly once more, then my nose, and finally my forehead as he murmurs, "I'll wait, gorgeous," and walks out my bedroom door.

I'm left standing there, leaning against my chest of drawers and rendered speechless, my mind racing at his words while also willing myself to stay put and not go running after him to dry hump his leg.

I hear the front door close and look at my alarm clock. 7 a.m. Thank God Kate will still be home. She can help me process the mind f**k that is going on.

"And who was the boy that just snuck out of our house?" Kate asks with a smirk.

"It was Daniel," I reply wistfully.

I laugh as Kate spits her coffee out and starts choking.

"Goddammit, Mac. I never thought I'd see the day. You like him, don't you?"

"I do, but I think he wants more."

"And you're stupidly sticking to your 'no strings' vibe I take it? Mac, you can't keep it up forever you know."

"It works for me."

"You're easy."

"I'm not easy. I'm free spirited."

"Free spirited with your body."

"Hey now, no need to get jealous. It's like having one boyfriend with four different talents. They're all great at what they do, but there are particular things they excel at," I say with a wink. Our thoughtless conversation breaks me out of my funk.

Kate giggles at that. I know she means well, but I always feel the need to justify myself to her. She comes from a happy home where her parents are childhood sweethearts who married and had three perfect children. Her two older brothers have good jobs and have just started their own perfect families. She reads sappy romance novels where the knight in shining armor comes along and sweeps the damsel in distress off her feet, fighting off all the demons and living happily ever after. Despite being shown many times that life is far from a f**king fairytale, she still holds on to the hope that she'll be wined and dined and carried off by her Prince Charming, her Mr. Perfect. I find it endearing, but it is so far from reality for me that I don't understand it.

"Look, it's what I like. It's what I need right now. After Beau, I don't want anything other than sex. They all know the score, and they're fine with it."

I don't really feel the conviction in my last comment, though. They're supposed to know the score and be fine with it. But Daniel...I'm not so sure about. He made it clear this morning that he wants to get to know me, wants to continue whatever this is that is going on between us, and definitely staking his claim as the only woman in his bed right now.

"Even Daniel?"

"Well, he doesn't know yet, but I definitely need to have the talk with him." And I do. I pride myself with being open and honest, and Daniel deserves to know the truth.

"Mac, I like him. I like the way he looks at you, and Goddamn, I'm definitely liking the way he looks in general. How the hell do you find these hot pieces of Chicago ass? I mean, seriously! Four of them and you're not sharing?"

I crack up laughing. "Well, Noah is definitely out of favor right now, being Daniel's college buddy, AND being cocky as hell at the football game. Sean called me the other day, but I blew him off because I was tired, and Zander's MIA at the moment, probably busy with work or something. So right now it's only Daniel. And if last night and this morning are anything to go by, I'm happy with that."

"Well, going by the moaning and screaming I heard coming through my wall, if you don't want him, I'll gladly take him off your hands. Holy hell, Mac, it almost had me replacing my batteries."

"Kate!" I admonish her before we both crash headfirst into a giggle fit.

God, I love this girl. She can handle my freak outs and listen to my screaming orgasms without batting an eyelid. If only I was willing to consider her suggestion more seriously. If only I could talk myself into taking a chance on Daniel.

Could he really be worth breaking my vow for?

Chapter 11 - "You Can Leave Your Hat On"

After Daniel's mid-sex monogamous check in, and mulling it over in my head during my whole shift, I've decided we need to have that talk. The one where we confess our sexual histories and conquests. It's not something I've had a problem with before.

Noah and I have always been on the same page. If we're at work, and we're both single, we hook up. It's that simple. There are no feelings, no explanations, and total honesty. They are the only rules.

Sean is the same. It has been a year since I met Sean, but with his busy work schedule and frequent trips around the country, it is never going to be a serious monogamous thing even if I was looking for a relationship. Sean is not boyfriend material. We run in two different circles, and he's a lot older than me. Can you imagine the fit my father would have if I took him home to meet my parents and he opened the door to find my boyfriend was closer to their age than mine? Holy God, I shudder to think how that would go down. They could share stories about their tennis elbow or how they're 'not as young as they used to be'.

Then there is Zander. We're close friends who just happen to hook up now and then. Since that first night where he introduced me to hot public wall sex against Sophie's house, we seem to have developed a habit of lewd public outings.

Our last 'adventure' happened a month ago. Zander was working down town and sent me a text asking if I wanted to meet up. He was doing a private bachelorette party at the Pink Monkey, a swanky new adult entertainment bar. With nothing else planned for a Friday night other than takeout and a Desperate Housewives marathon, I was a sure thing.

I caught a cab to the club, and after getting carded, I walked in and was immediately impressed with the atmosphere. For a high class establishment, they certainly did their homework to make sure it felt warm and welcoming. There was a circular bar in the middle of the large room, with bar stools surrounding it, then sets of booths lining the walls. There were also cool cabanas with sheer curtains surrounding, each one with a different neon muted lighting.

Scanning the room for Zander, I couldn't find him, so I decided to go to the bar myself and order a drink while he finished up whatever he was doing. Just moments after sending him a text telling him I was there, I felt two muscular arms snake around my waist, making me jump.

"Hey, babe," he said, kissing the back of my exposed neck. "Damn, you smell good."

"Zander! You gave me a freaking heart attack!" I exclaimed, turning around to look at the fine specimen in front of me. He was wearing a tight black wife beater with dark denim distressed jeans that molded to his body like they were made just for him. To top off the uuber cool look as only Zander can, he's wearing a black fedora tilted just enough to look hot as hell. Zander knows I check him out, and often. The instant spark that we had the first night we met is always buzzing between us.

"How've you been? You've been a bit MIA," I said, poking his chest and earning a low chuckle from him.

"Yeah, been real busy with work and just been laying low. How about you?" He took the newly vacated seat beside me and signaled the bartender.

"Just working and trying to stay out of trouble," I said with a sly smile.

"Now why don't I believe that, Mac? You and trouble go hand in hand, and often."

"Hey, watch it, mister. But no, nothing spectacular has been happening."

He reached over and ran his large hand down my jean clad thigh, sending a delicious jolt of heat right to the money spot. "Now that's a shame, hon. You deserve spectacular things. But I think your luck is about to change," he said with a grin as he inched his hand back up towards my hip before removing it and paying the bartender who had chosen that moment to arrive with his drink.

I groaned at the loss of contact, shooting him with my best frown. "You're not playing fair. I might start to think you're all talk and no action."

He spluttered as he took a sip of his bourbon. "I'm all action and very little talk. I thought we'd established that."

"Not lately," I said with a pout.

"Damn, you're cute when you do that. Want to find a booth?" he asked, standing up and holding out his hand for me.

"A private room might be more suitable." I jumped off my seat to stand beside him. With my heels on we're the same height, and looking straight in his eyes, I can see his mind ticking over at our options.

"Done," he said before grabbing my hand and pulling me quickly towards a closed door at the side of the club that states "Employees Only."

"Zan, we can't go in here. We don't work here."

"Tonight I do, so tonight we can and we will. Just trust me, Mac," he said, pulling me in for a hard and fast kiss. "I've forgotten how good you taste. I think I'm going to need a refresher course." Now I'm flushed, and I can feel my heart beating out of my chest in anticipation.

We walked along a short corridor, then through an open door to a gorgeous room that was lined with burgundy velvet. The cushions were made of black leather and covered in buttons, and the lighting set the mood of the room perfectly, giving it a low red hue. It screamed sex, debauchery, and x-rated beauty. In short, it was perfect.

I followed Zander into the room, before he shut the door behind us, engaging the lock with a loud click.

"I've been thinking about you," he said, pulling his body hard up against my back. He ran his hands down my back, starting at my shoulders and slowly moving them down the side of my chest until they rested on my hips.

"Wanna dance?" he murmured in my ear as my body melted against him.

I looked around and found a stripper pole set to the side of the room.

Spinning around to look at him, I quirked a brow. "You want me to dance for you? You're the professional," I added with a wink.

"That I may be, hon, but you...you have raw talent. Just pretend you're in a bed with me." He wrapped his hand around my neck and pulled me in, tugging on my bottom lip before meshing out lips together as he tangled his tongue around mine.

He pulled back just a little, and I moaned in disappointment. "Naked..." He nipped my lip again before tracing his tongue along it, soothing the slight sting with a delightful mix of pain and pleasure.

"Okay," I sighed breathlessly. "Although Zan, we've never actually made it to a bed."

And so it was that my first ever pole dancing experience was in that private room of a Chicago strip club. Zander grabbed a remote from a pocket behind the seat and suddenly the room was filled with the sounds of Joe Cocker's "You Can Leave Your Hat On". I swiped his fedora from his head and put it on, tilting it forward over my eyes. I was totally feeling the stripper vibe.

By the end of the song, I had twirled and gyrated my way around the pole, finishing with nothing but a smile and his hat. After that performance, Zander reacquainted himself with the way I tasted, and how loud I could be when screaming out his name during a spine-tingling orgasm that left my body limp for a good ten minutes afterwards.

I pull up Daniel's name on my phone and push the call button. I hear the phone ring twice before he answers.

"Hey, gorgeous."

"Hi Superman. How's your day going?"

"Well, it started with a bang, and I'm kind of hoping the night might end with one too?" he asks cheekily.

I crack up laughing. "Subtle much?"

"Hey, what can I say? I'm an optimist," he chuckles down the phone. How can a man's laugh be that sexy? It should be illegal, or recorded for future repetitive playback.

"I'm still at work, but I get off in a few hours," I say, trying to disguise my uncertainty at seeing him again already. Maybe I have my own super power hidden inside my vagina that makes him want to come back for more.

"I'm hoping to get you off in a few hours..."

Shit, did it just get hot in here or what!

"...but that will work out perfectly. I'm just walking to the gym and I won't be home until after seven anyway. Want to swing by after work? I can grab some takeout or something."

Well, crap. Now I have a conundrum. We need to talk, and in all honesty I'd love nothing more than a good, hard screwing right now, especially after the day I've had. But what if he gets the wrong idea? Wait, do I want him to get the wrong idea? Ah, f**k it. I decide to go with my gut and ignore the melodramatic inner-Mac.

"Sounds good, Superman. I'll warn you, though, I'll be in my scrubs and I'll be in dire need of a shower."

"Me too. Maybe we can save the planet and save water."

Sheesh, I'm gonna have to watch myself around this guy. I already know he's a smooth talker, and with that firm body of his that felt so good last night as I raked my nails down his back and grabbed his tight ass, pushing him in deeper as I....

"Earth to Mac. You still with me, gorgeous?" I hear him say, snapping me out of my awesome day dream.

"Yeah, sorry," I say hoarsely. "I was just remembering something."

"Now I really can't wait to hear what you were just thinking about because you're voice sounds just the same as when I woke you up this morning with my c**k sliding against you, and then just as you were about to..."

"Okay, yes, I may have been thinking about this morning's activities," I say quickly, trying to clear my head of these p**n ographic thoughts. "Enough of this talk, or else I won't get through the rest of my shift. Text me your address and I'll try and get there just after seven. Sound okay?"

"Sounds perfect, Mac. And for the record, I love it when you sound flustered. Just makes you even cuter. "

God save me, my panties are wet just from one phone call, and now all I can think about is Daniel making me flustered in person.

"Okay, cool. See you then, Superman," I add cheerfully.

"Until then," he says seductively before hanging up.

What the hell have I just done because I feel like Alice falling down the rabbit hole, head first into an insta-relationship with Daniel. Shit! I need to tell him about the other penises in my life. Then it's up to him whether he wants to stick around or not. Yep, that's what I'll do. Lay it all out for him and let him decide. I kind of hope he does stick around, though. I'm not quite done with him yet.

Emblazoned by my new plan of attack, I walk back to the nurse's station to finish my shift, pushing down the uneasy feeling in my stomach about the night ahead of me.

Chapter 12 - "Blurred Lines"

I finish my shift a little later than planned and catch a cab to Daniel's building. I'm still dressed in my scrubs, and as much as I tried to freshen up and make myself look mildly presentable before leaving the hospital, I know I'm not looking my best. But considering Daniel saw me with less on this morning, and his actions didn't exactly give me the impression that he was disgusted by my crazy bed hair and morning breath, I think I'm okay. What is truly unfair is that he still looked hot as hell, even just waking up after a night of crazy monkey sex.

Guys have it so f**king easy. I swear to God, I totally understand why women in the fifties were told to get up half an hour before their husbands to do their hair and put their make up on because let's be honest, I don't know one woman who has ever woken up feeling like sunshine and roses like you see in those tampon commercials.

And speaking of tampon commercials, I certainly don't walk around with a beaming smile on my face happy with the world that I'm bleeding like a stuck pig for five to seven days and have to stick a two inch piece of cotton fluff up my vagina. No, siree. Definitely not!

But I digress.

Before I know it, the cab is pulling up at his address. After paying him, I get out and walk through the lobby, getting some sideways glances from the well to do suits mulling around. Holding my head up high, and adding a little extra swing in my step, I push the call button and hop into the next available elevator. As soon as the doors close, I smell my arm pits and decide I definitely need some perfume to help disguise the smell of my day. Daniel may be expecting me to be hot and sweaty, but it doesn't mean I have to smell that way. It's only been a couple of weeks; we need to keep in this honeymoon period of great sex, more great sex, and occasionally mind blowing, feel it to the tip of your toes sex. And I'd like to have at least one of those three tonight. That's if he'll still want me after our little talk.

Shit.

Did I really think this through? Do I need to tell him stuff that I have done the week, the month, the year before I met him? I kind of feel an obligation to tell him about my 'friends', especially considering one of them is his old college buddy Noah. I won't tell him that we call him The Walking Dildo, though. They may be friends, and Daniel is definitely NOT lacking in that department whatsoever, but still. It's a guy thing. You don't look down at the urinal because you don't want to know what your friend is packing.

And it's not like I've seen any of them like that since I've met Daniel. I didn't take up Sean's invitation for a drink earlier this week, and I've seen Noah at work; but there have been no booty calls. As soon as I found out that he was friends with Daniel, that deal was done. His cocky behavior that day was an instant turn off, so there is definitely nothing going on there now.

The doors open and I realize that it's now or never.

Show time.

Time to come clean to Daniel and at least set him straight after his whole monogamous/commitment sneak attack this morning when he was eight inches deep.

I reach his door and take a deep breath before knocking. He opens the door with a huge smile, the contagious kind that you can't help but copy.

"Hey, gorgeous." He steps forward and gives me a soft gentle kiss on the lips. "I grabbed us some Thai from a restaurant nearby. I hope that's okay." He takes a step back and ushers me inside. This is the first time I've been to Daniel's apartment, so I make sure to look around. It's on the fourteenth floor and has a wall of windows on one side, displaying a spectacular view of the city. The kitchen is on the left hand side as I walk in, with a nice white dining table and chairs breaking up the living area and the kitchen.

Daniel walks up behind me and wraps his arms around my waist, resting his head on my shoulders, and I can't help but lean my head against his. "What do you think? Not bad for a bachelor pad, hey?" he asks, turning his head slightly to plant a light kiss on my favorite spot just below my ear.

"Mmm, it is great. I love the view." He releases his grip, and I walk towards the window to get a closer look. "Wow, you can see everything from up here."

"Yup. And from where I'm standing, the view is mighty fine." I turn around and can't help but grin as he lifts his eyes up to mine from my ass. "Even in my sexy scrubs?" I ask with a raised brow.

"I think my hot nurse fantasies might be coming true," he adds with a chuckle.

"Let's get through dinner first," I say quickly, trying to shake off the nagging voice in my head that is telling me to fess up now.

"Sure," he says, confusion covering his face at my shut down. Dammit, am I really that obvious?

We walk over to the dining table, and he pulls a chair out for me. Is there anything Mr. Holy Grail of Hotness won't do? I'm failing to see any flaws, and I can always see flaws in men. Noah, for example, is arrogant as hell, Sean, for all his domineering greatness, works way too much and Zander...well, he's a twenty-three year old man stuck in an eighteen year old's body. Even if I did the whole relationship thing, I wouldn't date any of them.

But I find myself here, in Daniel's apartment, after three weeks of dating. I need to tell him. It's not fair to let him think I can give him a serious, committed relationship when I'm unwilling to give that to anyone. I can't forget the promise I made to myself. When I left Ohio, that promise was the only thing that held me together. It got me through the loss and the hurt, and helped me put aside the guilt I felt for willing my miscarriage to happen.

"Mac, are you okay? You look a million miles away?" Daniel grabs my attention, snapping me out of my thoughts. He places a bottle of white wine and two glasses on the table and takes a seat opposite me. "Wine okay?"

"Yeah, thanks. And sorry, I'm probably just tired after last night's exertions and then a full shift today," I reply with a sly smile.

"Definitely not gonna apologize for the exertions because I hope to repeat them again sometime soon. But I'm sorry you're worn out. How about we have a bath after dinner? If you love the view, I bet you will love the tub I had put in." He reaches over to grab my spare hand, squeezing it gently.

Why does he have to be so damn sweet? I mean, seriously. I'm losing my determination to come clean.

"I have f**k buddies," I blurt out. FUCK! I bring my hand to my mouth in shock at my outburst.

He pulls his hand back and just looks at me, choking on his mouthful of fried rice. "What does that mean?"

Ah well. I've done it now.

"Well, a few years ago I got out of a really bad relationship, like mega bad. That's when I left Ohio and came back to Chicago."

"I wondered what made you come back," he says, his voice laced with understanding.

"It wasn't good, and I made a promise to myself that I wouldn't get attached to anyone again. That I'd never let a man dictate my life, and after this morning when you said that I'm the only woman who you're sleeping with, I wanted to be totally honest with you. It's been eating away at me all day."

"Well," he continues, "I'm glad you want to be honest with me, but I kinda need you to explain the f**k buddy thing because I'm kind of losing my mind right now with the possibilities." He runs his hand through his gorgeous brown hair.

I wait till he looks at me before I explain it to him. "I haven't slept with anyone since we met, like at all, and I've liked our dates and I like you, and I definitely liked what happened last night and this morning, despite my little freak out."

"I'm still confused. You have multiple men you sleep with?"

"Ah, kind of. They know the score, they know they're not the only one, and they each give me something different that I need at the time. But we always use protection, just so you know."

"That's good. But you said give, so is this going to be an ongoing thing? Even after last night?" I can see his jaw is clenched, and he's unsure how to handle this.

"Well, I'm not sure. It's been about a month since I last saw one of them, but if we're not using protection, I want to be totally honest with you. It's one of the reasons I was freaking out this morning." I look down at my plate and start playing with my food, suddenly losing my appetite. In fact, I kind of feel sick now that I've come clean to him.

He gets up suddenly and takes his plate to the kitchen, then stands at the kitchen sink with his back to me and his head down, both hands gripping the counter.

I can tell he's trying to process this. "I need to know, Mac. Are you going to keep seeing them while you're seeing me?" he asks, not turning around.

"I don't know. I don't do relationships, Daniel." He turns around and leans back on the bench. He is clenching and unclenching his fists, putting me on edge. Maybe this wasn't a great idea.

"Do you want to keep seeing me, dating me?" he asks, his frown deepening as he looks at me.

"Are we seeing each other? Like exclusively?" I ask warily.

"We're not not seeing each other. I definitely don't want to see anyone else. I don't want to take any other women out to dinner." He pushes off the counter and starts stalking towards me, slowly but with a definite purpose. "Or to the pier, or to the lake, or anywhere else, and I definitely don't want another woman in my apartment, or in my bed, other than you." He stops in front of me.

My breathing quickens. He just stalked me in his own living room and made me wet and wanton without even touching me.

"But it has only been three weeks," I whisper.

"Three f**king good weeks, gorgeous. Three weeks that make me want to see this through."

Well, hells bells how can I argue with that?

"Okay."

"So we're not not dating then," he says, leaning over the table to rest his hands on my chair, caging me in.

"We're not not dating," I confirm with a sly grin.

"I will tell you this, Mac. I'm going to try and be everything you need me to be both in and out of the bedroom because I like seeing you smile. I like seeing you laugh, and I definitely like you when you're underneath me calling out my name."

"Oh God," I whimper.

"And for the record, since I'm on a roll, I already had the impression that you don't date like this, but I'm glad you're willing to try. For you. For me. Maybe for us?" he says, just a whisper's breath away from my mouth. I tilt my head and get lost in him.

"Okay," I acquiesce.

"Okay," he whispers, inching forward and gently brushing his lips against mine before pulling away and sitting down beside me this time.

"There's one more thing."

"Mac...." He warns.

"One of the guys, you kind of know him.....well."

"Oh, shit. No," he spits out.

"Ah, yeah. I'm Noah's nurse."

"Damn. That explains why he was being cockier than normal at the football game. You should've told me, Mac. We could have just gone straight to our seats. That must've been weird for you."

"Just a little, yeah, but you made it worth it," I say, putting my hand on his leg.

"No more Noah?"

"Oh God, no. To be honest, his cockiness was getting irritating at best."

"So why did you keep doing it then?"

"Routine? Familiarity? Knowing that he's The Walking Dildo?"

"Fuck me. You call him The Walking Dildo?"

I feel my cheeks flame red. "Yeah. It's kind of his nickname around the hospital."

He cracks up laughing. "Please tell me he doesn't know about it? That guy's head is big enough already by being a hot shot surgeon."

"You could say that." I smile over at him. "So you're really okay with this?"

"Well, I can't say I'm okay with it because honestly, I hate knowing that you've been with Noah Taylor. But if you want to try and see where this goes with me, and only me, then I'm not going to say no, Mac. I have a feeling that you're worth it," he says, running the back of his hand against my cheek before leaning in for a soft kiss.

"Does this mean we get to have a bath now? Because I honestly reek, and I kinda want to see you naked again. I'm all for conserving water and saving the planet, you know." I wink at him as I take my dishes to the kitchen and start cleaning up.

"Saving the planet...yes, let's do that. One shower head induced orgasm at a time," he says behind me before grabbing my hand and leading me towards the bathroom. "Do you need a change of clothes because I kind of like the idea of you wearing one of my t-shirts and nothing else." He waggles his eyebrows at me.

God, he's goofy. Check!

"Well, I do have a change of clothes, but I like your idea better."

Daniel tugs my arm, pulling my body hard against him. "I've been remembering the way you taste all day. So f**king sweet," he says, burying his face in my neck as his tongue starts tracing rousing circles up my neck. "Still sweet."

I wrap my arms around his neck as my body goes limp against his.

"Shouldn't we start the bath?" I say hoarsely, my voice totally giving away how much I really don't want a bath right now unless it is bathing myself in all things Daniel. I seem to lose my head around this man and his addictive mouth.

He pulls away and gives me his sexy grin. "I have a better idea now." I moan at the loss of contact but smile when I see him stepping into his huge shower room with a giant monsoon shower head and turning it on. "I need to introduce you to my shower buddy I'm now calling Mac," he says holding up a bottle of body wash. I crack up laughing, my crazy mind wondering when shower head Daniel can meet up with body wash Mac.

I start pulling my scrubs off in front of him, leaving him with nothing to do but stare at my naked self. What can I say? I was a girl scout, and we were always taught to think one step ahead.

His eyes instantly turn heated when he sees me standing there naked. "I like your thinking, Mac," he says, stepping towards me as he strips off his top. "God, I can't get enough of this," he says before our lips crash together in a heated tangle of teeth, tongues, and lips like we're starving for each other. Without pulling apart, he tugs his workout shorts off then lifts my ass until I'm straddling his waist. He smothers my squeal of surprise with his mouth as he rubs his tongue against mine. I have a feeling this is going to be a long hot shower, my favorite kind.

A few orgasms later and I'm totally spent, lying on my stomach on Daniel's one thousand thread count sheets. I can't stop staring at his beautiful face. I know men aren't meant to be beautiful, but in my post orgasmic haze - a result of his seemingly endless sexual talents - he looks beautiful.

He looks across the pillow towards me, staring into my half-open, tired eyes.

"What did they give you? You said that each guy gave you something you needed," he asks absentmindedly, not dropping his gaze from mine.

I'm suddenly hit with a nervous, awkward conversation avoiding, coughing fit.

"Shit, Mac. Are you okay?" He's sitting upright now, leaning over me and rubbing my back.

"I'm okay," I gasp out, trying to catch my breath back. Shit, that question was unexpected.

"Good, I didn't want my difficult question to kill you for God's sake." He stops rubbing my back long enough to roll me over and wrap his arm around my waist, shifting in close so that my back is against his rock hard chest...

After a few minutes of silence, I hear him sigh against my neck as he gently nuzzles my hair. "It's okay, Mac, you can tell me," he murmurs against my skin, encouraging me to open up.

"Well, I met Sean at a fetish club one night about six months ago. Kate and I went there because a friend of mine from work said they made awesome cocktails, and had a 9-11 happy hour on Friday nights. After a few too many tequila shots, we got talking, and it started from there," I explain, the words flowing out of me like verbal diarrhea.

"Mmm hmm," I feel him say against my collar bone, which he is slowly tracing with his nose.

"We both knew it wouldn't work out dating wise, but physically it worked well, so whenever I'm in the mood for something a bit, I dunno, different, and he's in town, we catch up."

"Define different, Mac," Daniel whispers, his mouth now right behind my ear. The huskiness in his voice sends shivers up my spine, and I unconsciously arch my back, pushing my ass into his hardening groin. He pushes forward, rubbing up against me, and I stifle back my moan when I feel his hard length resting between my ass cheeks.

"Ah....he's a bit more....demanding, shall we say."

I feel him move his pelvis away from mine, his left hand moving from my waist, around my hip before caressing my ass cheek. "So, you like to be spanked? Is that it, Mac?" His strained voice giving away just how much this conversation is turning him on.

"Yes," I moan just as I feel the smack of his hand against me. "Ahhh, yes!" I spit out, biting my lip and relishing in the delicious burning sensation radiating from my behind.

"More?" he asks, his hand returning to its gentle circling motion. I drop my head back against his shoulder, turning my head to his inviting lips briefly. "You liked that, didn't you, Mac?" he breathes out against my lips. I barely nod my head before I feel the rush of air under the sheets as his hand meets my ass again. I don't bother hiding my moan this time. He's enjoying this as much as I am, and I'm definitely not going to hide my delight at seeing this new side.

It seems that Superman's talents hold no bounds.

It's just a shame my heart does.

Chapter 13 - "Temporary Bliss"

The next few weeks fly by. Between working five shifts a week, and seeing Daniel, I've barely had time to think.

I've come to realize that Daniel is like a drug habit. I can't get enough of his body, his touch, his talented orgasm inducing tongue that turns me into a screaming banshee within minutes. I'm starting to think that I need to buy Kate some earplugs because on the nights we've stayed at my place, Daniel seems to make it his mission to break his multiple orgasm record with me. And just for the record, we both seem to win every time.

Now it's Saturday night, and Daniel has conned me into going to Noah's for a dinner party. Apparently, they had a man to man talk, and surprisingly, Noah's mid-shift texts became non-existent; even the 'Hi, how are you?' ones.

Coincidence? Hell, no!

It kind of irked me when Daniel told me about it, but he explained that they've been friends for years and it is bro code to stake your claim. If you ask me, men are weird. God, if Kate and I liked the same guy, we'd usually toss a coin for him.

I've gone for a sexy casual look, which is just a step up from at home casual. In short, I'm wearing jeans that look like they've been painted on, paired with a nice pair of silver wedges I've borrowed from Kate, and a cowl neck top that clings to my bust before tapering out. I've put my hair up in a loose pony tail and with a quick brush of bronzer, some mascara and lip gloss, I'm good to go.

Just as I sit down with a rather large glass of wine to prepare myself for the awkwardness ahead, Daniel turns up at my door looking as hot as ever wearing a black short sleeved shirt and cargo shorts. Guys have it so f**king easy, I swear to God they could wear anything and get away with it. After Kate lets him in, he walks over and leans over the couch, giving me a hot and heavy kiss with just a hint of tongue before pulling away and standing up again.

"You're such a tease," I sigh, much to his obvious delight.

"You look gorgeous, gorgeous," he says with a grin. He leans down, bringing his lips close to my ear. "And I can't wait to peel you out of those jeans as soon as possible."

"Promises, promises," I murmur as he buries his face in my neck, placing soft kisses along my collarbone. Goddammit, if only there was time for a pre-gamer. Then I'd definitely feel more relaxed about where we're going.

"There's a beer in the fridge if you want it," I say, leaning away from him.

"Thanks. How was your day?"

I smile. "It was good. Did the cleaning and the laundry. Even managed to have a nap to recover from being kept up so late last night."

"I don't remember you objecting, Mac. In fact, I'm sure there was some begging involved," he adds with a smirk.

"Nope, not me," I respond with a grin. "You sure we have to go to this thing tonight? Wouldn't you rather stay home and stay in me?" I turn around so that I'm facing him.

He stops his fridge mission and turns around. "Stay in you?" he asks with a quirked brow.

"Well, yeah." I feel my cheeks heat up, realizing I didn't quite think this plan through.

"I can stay in you all night, and most of tomorrow morning, but tonight we're going to Noah's BBQ. He's okay with it, we're okay with it, it's all good," he states calmly before resuming his beer seeking mission and closing the fridge behind him.

Popping the cap and taking a long first swig, I marvel at the way his adam's apple bobs up and down with every swallow. What I wouldn't give to trace my tongue down his neck...

"Mac, stop looking at me like I'm a piece of meat, and you're a starving animal. I'm sure even you can hold out for a few hours to socialize with friends and eat dinner."

"I suppose," I say with a pout. I try hard, but I fail to hold back a cheeky grin.

"Good. Now, I know we're early, but we should head out soon. Don't want to be late to our coming out party, now do we?"

Coming out what?

I choke on my wine. "Coming out party?"

"Well, yeah. Most of our friends will be there with their wives and girlfriends. This will be the first time in a long time that I've taken someone," he says nonchalantly, likes it's an everyday f**king occurrence. I try to appear unaffected on the outside, but inside I'm freaking out.

A f**king coming out party? For Daniel and I? Even though we're not not dating and aren't sleeping with other people?

Fuck me dead!

We may be monogamous, but that's all it is. We spend a lot of time together, we sleep together, and I only agreed to this BBQ outing because I saw the unease on Daniel's face when he first suggested it and I hated to disappoint him. That look tugs on heart strings I thought I'd severed long ago.

"Right, okay," I say determinedly, downing the last of my wine and taking my glass back to the kitchen. "I'm ready to get this over with if you are."

Daniel is frowning. He rubs his face with his spare hand, finishing his beer before stepping towards me. He wraps one hand around my waist and pulls me in flush against him, cupping my cheek with the other and pulling my lips close to his.

"Mac, don't over think this. It's just a BBQ with some friends of mine. Nothing more." He kisses me slowly but surely, taking his time to make sure he clears my head of anything except the way he's consuming me. He eventually eases back until our lips are barely touching. "But thank you for coming with me. It means a lot."

"You can make it up to me later. Maybe we can break another record," I say, trying to break the sudden serious tone of this conversation.

"Well, I've always been told that I'm an overachiever."

And with that, Delicious Daniel is back to his best. He takes my hand in his, entwining our fingers in that way that makes my heart sigh and my body melt, and walks me to the door to lead me out to his waiting car.

Twenty minutes later, we're parking outside a nice unassuming two story house in the suburbs amongst a number of other cars, indicating that this is more than just a 'small' gathering of friends. I look over at Daniel who suddenly looks nervous. He runs his hand through his dark hair before turning towards me.

"I like that you're here with me, Mac. Thank you for doing this."

He's unusually tense, like he's afraid of something...afraid of my reaction to this. I hate knowing that I've done this to him.

I lean over and rest my hand on his jaw, feeling the slight furriness of his stubble. A shudder rushes through me at the thought of other places where that stubble feels just as good. "I'm here to be with you. Let's go meet your friends and have some fun," I say, gently brushing my lips against his, trying to reassure him.

He moves into the kiss, wrapping his hand possessively around my neck and sliding his tongue against mine. I whimper into his mouth, spurring him on as his hunger takes over. He nips my bottom lip before tracing his tongue along it, soothing the gentle sting. My other hand rests on his chest, right over his heart which is thudding rapidly under my touch.

This is too much for me. My head is fuzzy as our tongues continue their tangled embrace, our bodies acting like magnets, unable to get close enough. I tear my lips away from him, lowering my head to his shoulder as I try to catch my breath, and regain my senses.

"Tell me you feel this, gorgeous? Tell me I'm not dreaming this," he rasps against my temple.

"I'm feeling it, and it's scaring the shit out of me," I whisper.

I feel rather than hear his sigh of relief, but the tension seeping out of his entire body as the words leave my mouth is unmistakable.

We sit like that for a few minutes, not moving. A blaring horn snaps us out of it, and we pull apart. I look up at Daniel's beautiful face, relishing in the sly grin on his face.

"What?" I ask with a smile.

"Nothing. You're just even more beautiful with messed up hair and swollen lips." Then, he has the audacity to smirk at me.

"Shit," I mutter before pulling down the overhead mirror and trying to repair the damage. "Lucky I bought emergency supplies then, isn't it?" I wink at him as I open my purse and proceed to touch up my lip gloss and fix up my hair. "There, just like new."

"Let's get this show on the road," Daniel says opening his door and circling the car before opening mine. He holds his hand out to me and entwines our fingers together as he helps me out, closing the door behind me and walking towards the party...and Noah.

Let the fun and awkwardness begin.

Walking through the open front door of Noah's townhouse, I'm struck by how totally unlike him it is. At the hospital, he's cocky, on the hot side of arrogant, and as Zoolander would say, 'Really, really, good looking'. He is a great guy when you get past all that, though. I wouldn't have been sleeping with him for so long otherwise. I mean, we may call him the walking dildo, and the ego definitely matches the size of his one-eyed trouser snake, but there is more to him than his nine inch monster, something that is obvious as I look around his house.

The foyer has a high ceiling and a marble floor with a curved staircase leading up to the second floor. The room is decorated with a walnut side table and a huge mirror facing the door. All in all, it feels like a home. A rather decadent home, but still. I had expected Noah to have a bachelor pad from hell. Clean - yes, but not this Chicago surburbia meets Beverly Hills mansion feel to it. I'm half expecting a butler to show up at any minute.

Daniel sees my wide eyed expression and chuckles, "Mac, it's just a house."

I turn to look up at him. "This isn't a house, Superman. This is a townhouse on steroids. I bet he even has a pool with a waterfall. Maybe even a grotto like Hugh Hefner."

That makes Daniel snort. "Pfft, he wishes. He may talk the talk, Mac, but Noah is no Hugh Hefner. I'm beginning to wonder how well you know the guy," he says, quirking his eyebrow.

"I'm starting to wonder that myself. Not that it matters because I'm here with Superman. Hugh Hefner wannabes have nothing on you," I reply with a grin before standing on my toes to kiss him.

He grabs my hands and wraps them around my back, deepening the kiss and pulling my body hard against his erection that is now digging into my thigh.

When we hear someone clearing their throat, I squeak and pull my body and my hands away. I turn to see Noah leaning against the wall watching us.

"Don't stop on my account. I was enjoying the show," he says with a huge shit-eating grin which makes me blush.

"Shut up, Taylor," Daniel says as he looks down at me and smirks. "It's not my fault she finds me irresistible."

"It kinda is, you know." I look up at him and grin, squealing when he squeezes my ass cheek which is still firmly attached to his hand.

Noah pipes up, "Well, are you two going to stand here all day and make out in my foyer, or are you going to come out back and catch up with everyone else?"

"Sorry, I can't seem to keep her off me. It's such a hard life," Daniel adds, shaking his head in jest.

"Excuse me! I'm right here you know!" I say laughing. "C'mon, let's go meet your friends so I can dig some dirt about your college days."

"Shit, didn't think of that." he replies, grabbing my hand and entwining my fingers. I look over and see that Noah is still standing there looking at us.

I quickly lean up and kiss Daniel hard on the mouth. "You're gonna pay for this later, you know," I say with knowing eyes.

"Looking forward to it."

"After you, Makenna," Noah says, gesturing for me to go first. I walk past him, Daniel following close behind.

I hear the guys chatting idly behind me.

"You better not be checking out my ass, Noah," I say, looking over to my shoulder just in time to see Noah lift his gaze from my ass and Daniel look over, catching him do it.

"Taylor, quit it," he says as he slaps the back of Noah's head jokingly.

"But it's a nice ass," Noah replies cockily.

"It's my ass now so eyes off," I hear Daniel mumble behind me as he walks forward and grabs my hand, walking towards a group of people standing around the swimming pool with - yup, you guessed it - a waterfall.

"See, told you there would be a waterfall," I say with a smirk.

Noah pipes up, "You can't have a pool without a water feature, Mac."

"Apparently," I reply dryly.

"Dan!"

"Winters."

"D-bag." (must remember to ask him about that one later).

A bunch of man hugs ensue, followed by cheek kisses to the partners of the previously mentioned men, all the while never letting go of my hand as much as I try to tactfully wiggle it free.

"This is Mac, my girl...ah, friend," he says nonchalantly, like he hasn't just freaked me the f**k out.

Girlfriend? Is that what he was about to say? Why not 'girl who I'm f**king exclusively' or 'the woman I'm not not dating.

I suddenly find myself feeling nervous again. He's already told me that he hasn't brought a woman to one of these get-togethers for a long time, and now he's having trouble even introducing me. This must be harder on him than I thought.

"Hey, nice to meet you all," I say to the group who are all now looking at me with renewed interest. I knew I should have dragged Kate along to this. At least then I would have known someone other than Walking Dildo who is still watching me like I'm a freak show at the circus.

He hadn't seen me out of my scrubs until a few weeks ago at the Bears' game. Scratch that, he's seen me out of my scrubs A LOT, just not socially like this.

"So, I better introduce everybody. That's Dave and his wife, Sheree," Daniel says, pointing to a gorgeous man with his equally gorgeous, and very pregnant wife who are standing to our right. "Sheree is expecting their first son any day now as you can see."

"That's so cool, congratulations," I say to her.

"Thanks, we're pretty excited," she replies, rubbing her swollen belly and looking up at Dave adoringly. It's so cute.

"And this is Gary, who I work with, and his partner, Louise. Then there's Thomas and Cade who you've met already, and that's Matt, Noah's younger brother." My eyes go wide as I realize that Matt is just a younger version of Noah. I mean seriously, a spitting image. It's like he's a mini Walking Dildo. Wait, that doesn't sound quite right, does it? I bet there is nothing mini about any of the males in Noah's family.

After saying hi to everyone, Daniel wraps his arm around my shoulders and pulls me in to his side, lightly kissing my temple. It's one of my favorite Daniel-isms. It makes me feel cherished, so I instantly relax.

"So how's work been, Danny Boy?" Thomas pipes up.

"Really busy, but profitable, and that's what matters," he replies, still holding me to his side.

"And how about you, Mac? What do you do for a job?" Cade asks, turning the attention back to me.

I smile. Questions like this I can answer. "I'm a nurse at Northwestern."

"Ah, so you work with Taylor then?"

"Sure do. Different floors, but we see each other occasionally," I reply, not realizing what I've said until I feel Daniel stiffen momentarily beside me.

Knowing that I'm digging myself into a hole, I decide to extricate myself from the situation.

"Will you excuse me for a moment? I'm just going to find the bathroom," I say, trying to move away from Daniel and turn towards the house.

"Hey," he says quietly, holding onto my hand and squeezing gently. "Are you okay?" He looks concerned.

"Definitely. I won't be long," I say as he lets go of my hand and I walk away from the group.

When I finally find one, I lock the door and put the lid down on the toilet. I pull out my phone and call Kate.

"Yo, bitch," she says when she answers.

"I need to freak out, vent, you know, get some shit out of my head."

"Go," she says instantly.

"Okay. So we're at Noah's house which, by the way, is totally over the top cool. I'm talking marble floors, staircases, a huge ass swimming pool with a freaking waterfall at the side. Noah's already caught Daniel and I making out in his entrance way, and then they were both checking out my ass which was totally understandable because I have a tight ass, but still, not the point. Anyway, so Daniel introduces me to his friends that are here, and they're all really nice, and one of them is like eleven months pregnant by the looks of her, and she's looking up at her hubby Dave like they're newlyweds and it's really cute, and Daniel almost introduced me as his girlfriend but stopped himself, then I totally put my foot in my mouth by saying that I work with Noah, but I see him occasionally which Daniel totally misunderstood because I wasn't meaning like that, but I know he took it like that, and now I'm hiding out in the bathroom pretending to pee and talking to you on the phone, trying to work out how the hell I got here and how to get through this without putting my foot in my mouth again, or pissing Daniel off, or hurting him, or getting annoyed by Noah who, by the way, is totally different outside of the hospital apparently because he lives in a f**king suburban paradise with a freaking waterfall."

I take a second to catch my breath since I swear I didn't stop to breathe at all during that verbal tirade.

Kate is giggling her tits off down the phone at me.

"Don't laugh. This is serious," I say, trying to stifle my own laughter.

"Mac, seriously, this is funny shit. I wish I'd recorded that because as far as rants go, that was epic."

I give up trying to hold back, and crack up laughing. "Oh my God, Kate, seriously! What am I going to do?"

When she finally composes herself, I hear a deep breath over the phone. "Mac, you need to tell Inner Mac to put her big girl panties on and suck it up. Daniel's friends sound nice and yes, you probably did put your foot in it, but by the sounds of it you're doing fine. Just go with it, Mac. Enjoy yourself, enjoy Delicious Daniel, and relax."

Sighing over the phone, I feel my whole body loosen, almost like her words were the salve I needed. "God, I love you," I tell her.

"I know. Who else would put up with you?"

"Exactly!" I reply with a giggle.

"Now enough about you and your rant. Any hot single guys there?"

"Well, there is Noah's younger brother..."

"There's a mini walking dildo?"

"Well not so mini, but yes, he's hot too. Serious potential there, but not sure of his single status," I add.

"Hook a sister up. Find out his deets, and we'll have a full debrief in the morning. Are you staying at Daniel's tonight?"

"Yeah, that's the plan, so you'll be able to have a peaceful night's sleep. No screaming orgasms, I promise," I say with a smile.

"Hell, Mac, if I can't have them, I'm glad you are. I love you. See you tomorrow, babe."

"Definitely. See ya," I say before ending the call.

"Mac?" I hear Daniel call out from the other side of the door. "Are you okay?"

I stand up and unlock the door, opening it to find him leaning against the doorway, brows furrowed.

"I'm fine. What's wrong?"

He steps inside and closes the door behind him before pulling me into his chest and wrapping his arms around me.

"You were having a freak out, weren't you?" he murmurs into my hair as I snuggle in closer to him.

"Nooooooo," I say quietly, earning a chuckle that I feel rumbling in his chest.

He slides his hands up onto my shoulders and pulls away to look down at me. "Mac, we've been seeing each other for six weeks now. I'm learning the signs of a Mac freak out, and right now you're showing all of them," he explains giving me a knowing smile. "So let's start again. Why are you freaking out?"

"I didn't want to embarrass you, and then I did by saying that I see Noah occasionally, and I felt you tense, and then I felt guilty because I used to sleep with him, but I don't anymore because all I want to do is sleep with you!"

There, I said it!

He pulls me in tight again, wrapping his arms around my back.

"Gorgeous, I kinda already knew that, but I like hearing you say it again. And you didn't embarrass me, nobody knows anything. Noah only told us about the nurse he was sleeping with to get us off his back. All I want is for you to relax and have fun. Have a drink or two...wind down and just enjoy this. Enjoy us socializing together. There's no pressure. My friends aren't like that. You can just be your adorable, funny, sometimes crazy, self, and they'll love you. I swear."

Dammit, is there anything wrong with this man?

I'm stunned by the total sincerity in his eyes when I look up at him. He's being totally honest. He really does want me here with him, with his friends, socializing.

"Okay," I summon up everything I want to say in that one word.

"Okay," he repeats, moving his hands up to cup my jaw. "But before we go out, I have to do this." He lowers his mouth to mine and slowly inches his tongue along my lips. It's a Daniel special: mind-blowing, erotic as hell, and successfully stoking the fire he started six short weeks ago when we met and that burns hotter than ever today.

Chapter 14 - "Good Girl"

Daniel and I head back outside and walk towards a table next to Noah and a few of the others I met earlier.

"Help yourselves to the food, guys," Noah says, handing us a plate each.

After piling our plates, we take a seat and start eating. "Damn, this is good shit," I say as I finish my last mouthful.

"I'm not just a pretty face, Mac," Noah replies with a grin which I return.

"I never said you had a pretty face," I retort.

"Nice. So how've you been, Mac? We haven't had many shifts together lately," Noah asks, handing us a beer each and sitting down opposite us.

I raise an eyebrow as Daniel suddenly places his hand on my thigh. Interesting.

"I'm good. I've been working split shifts, so it's been a little hectic. Besides, it's not like you've been keeping in contact," I add. I feel Daniel's hand tense up on my leg.

Shit! Foot meet mouth.

Noah's eyes shift over to Daniel's hand on my lap before quickly looking back at me. His eyes dance with amusement at Daniel's overtly possessive behavior.

Fuck, this is awkward. Penis number one meet penis number four. You can't make this shit up. Seriously, kill me now!

"Well we're here now, aren't we," he replies, bringing his beer bottle to his mouth but failing to hide his smirk.

Two can play at this game. I put my hand over Daniel's, leaning over to give him a kiss on the cheek.

"Sure are."

Suddenly, there are a new round of welcomes being called out. I look up towards the house and see a gorgeous blonde-haired supermodel walking towards us. I mean seriously, she looks like she's just walked off the Victoria's Secret runway into Noah's backyard.

I hear Daniel and Noah stop talking as she gets closer to us.

"Nikki," Daniel says warmly, the smile on his face unmistakable.

"Hey, Nix, didn't think you'd make it," Noah says, standing up to kiss the mystery woman on her cheek.

Daniel also stands and the woman's face softens as she looks over at him, wrapping her hands around his shoulders and giving him a long hug. Her eyes shift toward me, and she smirks, sizing me up in a way that sets my blood boiling. I purse my lips together and clench my fists, trying to rein in this unfamiliar attack of the green-eyed monster I seem to be having.

Daniel turns back towards me as he pulls away from the embrace. "Mac, this is Nikki, my-"

"Ex-girlfriend is the word you're looking for, D," Noah interrupts, grinning at me.

"Yeah, my ex-girlfriend from college," he says, sitting back down beside me.

"Hi," she says sweetly to me. I scan her from head to toe, clenching my teeth as I imagine all the different scenes in which her mouth would have been on Daniel.

Fuck! Get outta my head!

"Hey, I'm Mac. Daniel's girlfriend," I say without stuttering.

Girlfriend? Holy crap!

I can see Daniel looking at me out of the corner of my eye, his mouth stuck open in shock.

"Oh," she says, taken aback. "You didn't mention you were dating again, Dan."

They keep in touch? What is this, freaking Sex in the City?

"Ah, yeah. It's been about six weeks now. Isn't that right, gorgeous?"

"Mmm hmm," I nod in agreement, stuffing my mouth with food to stop myself from humping Daniel's leg and claiming him as mine. I sneak a glance at Noah who is leaning back in his chair, totally reveling in the situation unfolding like it's a spectator sport.

"How's work, Dan?" she asks, standing in front of us. A saccharin sweet smile gracing her lips as she all but ignores me.

"Busy, but good. We've had a good year so far. And how about you? How are you parents doing since the move?"

"They're loving it. They said to say hi. Mom still asks after you, of course." She sneaks a look at me, giving me a sympathetic look that tells me she knows what she's doing.

"That's great, Nik. Tell them I said hello too," he replies, a full toothed grin filling his face. I look at him and recognize the soft look in his eyes. It's the same way he looks at me when we're lying in bed after screwing the hell out of each other.

Dammit!

Before I know what I'm doing, I'm shifting my chair towards Daniel's, putting my hand on his lap and leaning in close to his ear. "I don't know whether to jump you or smack the bitch. What do you suggest?"

He swings his head towards me, his face a mirror of confusion until I see what I've said registers in his eyes. "Hey, now. Put the green-eyed monster away, Mac. It was a long time ago, and we're just friends now. The only woman I'm interested in is looking straight at me."

I zone out, mesmerized by his eyes, his perfectly shaped brows, the lines of his jaw, those curved lips that are so nice to kiss...

"Mac, did you hear me?"

"Whaa... What? Sorry, totally zoned out. Was too busy thinking about all the other uses for that mouth of yours," I say with a sly grin. I'm totally oblivious to the people around us. I can hear Nikki Nice Girl chatting with Noah somewhere in the distance, but I can't tear my eyes away from the beautiful man in front of me.

When I realize that our lips are now only licking distance away from each other, suddenly the whole situation becomes clear to me.

And just like that, I'm back in the game.

"It's a shame really," he says, sweeping my cheek with the back of his fingers so gently that I can barely feel them touch, but I can definitely feel the heat. "I was just saying how I'd love to bend you over this table and not stop until I'm buried deep inside you. You'll be screaming my name so loud that everyone in Chicago will know that you're mine."

Suddenly I'm panting, my heart beating so fast that it's almost jumping out of my ample chest. "Damn," I whisper, my brain suddenly filled with naked images of Daniel pounding me on the table in front of everyone, Nikki included. Now that would be one way to show her he's mine.

Wait, mine? What is this man doing to me?

"Just as I thought. Can't wait to get you home and naked," he says, kissing me quickly again before grabbing my hand and placing it in his lap as I relax into him.

The green eyed goddess has gone back to sleep for the moment.

I manage to keep my jealousy at bay for the rest of our time here. Without leaving Daniel's side, I have some interesting conversations with Gary and Louise, and even The Mini Walking Dildo who I find out is not single, much to my disappointment. Kate would have been all over that like a tom cat in heat.

Louise invites us over for dinner next week and Daniel accepts without hesitation. Maybe he's decided that steam rolling me is the way to avoid another Mac freak out. Quick learner, that boy of mine is.

After saying our goodbyes a few hours later, Daniel and I head back into the city.

"Thanks for coming tonight, Mac. I hope it wasn't too horrible for you," Daniel says, putting his hand on my denim clad thigh and squeezing gently.

"I had a great time. Once I got over myself, that is," I reply honestly.

"Look, Mac, I know this is not something you normally do, and I'm kind of guilty for throwing you into this BBQ head first. But you underestimate yourself, gorgeous. You were perfect." He grasps my hand and lifts it to his mouth before lowering it back to his lap. "You're perfect. Bathroom freak outs and jealousy included." He smirks at me.

"So, talking about my little jealous streak, what's the deal with you and Nikki? You still seem rather friendly, and Noah kept shooting me knowing looks all night."

"It's the typical story. We dated right through high school. Then, when I left for college, we broke up. She wanted to do the long distance thing, but I said it was unfair to both of us. When I came back to town, she wanted to try again, so we did. But it wasn't the same; we just didn't want the same things anymore and our lives were going in different directions. To be honest, I knew deep down she wasn't the one. That was about three years ago."

"But you're still friends, and her parents still ask about you?" I state warily.

"We hardly see each other, but yes, our parents are still friends to this day. Today was the first time I've seen her in over a year. She travels a lot with her job."

I'm stuck between feeling like a jealous idiot and a giddy teenager who's just found out her crush likes her too. "Oh," is all I can say.

"Oh," he replies with a grin. "But seeing you all jealous and worked up was hot as hell, Mac."

"Ohhh," I say, understanding where this conversation is going.

"Yeah, oh. Now you know how I feel when I think about you with Noah, or Sean, or Zander."

"But I was never 'not dating' them. It was always just sex."

"Are you sure about that, Mac?"

I snap my head towards him. "Of course I'm sure. What's that supposed to mean?" I can feel my annoyance level rising.

"What did Zander give you? If Sean gave you dominance, and Noah was to pass the time, what about Zander. What need did he fulfill?" he asks deadpan.

"Why are you asking me this, Daniel? I thought we were past all this?"

"We are. We were. I just need to know."

"Why?"

"So I can prove to you that I can be everything you need and more. So that you can realize how much I want you in every way possible. So that you can stop freaking out and walking on egg shells around me because you're scared I'm going to leave."

"Daniel, I..." I see him tighten his grip on the steering wheel, and I realize that this is not the time for questions. This is the time for answers; to give Daniel the answers. To help him understand why I do what I do, or rather, why I did what I did in the past.

"Daniel, I thought we'd talked about this? Do we need to talk about it all over again?"

"I don't know," he answers stoically.

Now that's got my back up. "Fine, you want to know, I'll tell you!"

"No.... NO. I don't want to know, but it's always there, Mac. Just how you didn't like Nikki touching me tonight, I can't stand the thought of another man, or men, touching you, being inside you. Fuck, it's driving me insane."

Well that certainly explains things. He's rendered me totally f**king speechless, which is an achievement considering I never shut up.

"You're worth more than any of them," I whisper, staring out the window into the darkness.

Without warning, Daniel steers the car into a lookout on the side of the road and turns the car off. He turns around and just stares at me. I recognize the look in his eye. It's the same look he gives me just before he pushes himself inside me. It's the epitome of unadulterated passion. The look that makes me weak at the knees and wet between the legs with one small glance.

It's the look that tells me that all he can think about right now is having me, owning me, consuming me.

And just like that, I snap. I can't hold myself back. I undo my safety belt and throw myself at him, straddling him in the driver's seat. Our mouths smash together and we're a tangle of arms, lips, teeth and tongues. My hands grip his biceps as he plunders my mouth. His hands grip my hair, angling my head perfectly for his taking.

Hot damn!

Jealous Daniel mixed with jealous Mac is like an atomic bomb for sexual tension, and right now we're getting ready to detonate.

Chapter 15 - "Everything Has Changed"

Kate and I decide that we need a night out on the town, a blow out after a hectic week of work. Daniel is keen to come along so the three of us, plus Kate's man of the week, Greg, meet up at our place before heading out.

I'm wearing a black and green block dress with lace top stockings, finished off with my killer black wedge heels. Just as I finish applying my makeup in my bedroom mirror, Daniel walks out of the bathroom wearing nothing but a towel and a sexy smirk on his face, growling as he takes in my look from head to toe.

Stalking towards me, he wraps his arm around my waist and spins me into his body, pushing his erection hard up against my stomach.

"I don't think we should go out anymore. I'd much rather peel that dress off you and f**k you in nothing but those heels," he growls before burying his face into my neck, eliciting a moan from my mouth.

"Ah, that could be arranged," I pant as he swirls his tongue up to my jaw and sweeps his tongue into my mouth, rendering me speechless as my body melds into his.

He walks forward, taking me with him until my knees hit my bed and I sit down, now face to face with his deliciously throbbing cock. I look up at him and smile seductively.. "I have a better idea," I say, my hands moving up to remove the towel from his waist, leaving him standing naked in front of me, and obviously very happy to see me.

He looks down at me with a grin as I move my head towards him, trailing my tongue along the length of his shaft before sucking the tip into my mouth. I watch him as I take him deep down my throat and back out again, gripping his butt in my hands as I push him back into me, his eyes telling a tale of unadulterated hunger.

"Damn," he says, reaching down and tangling his fingers in my loose curls.

"Mmm," I hum against him, earning a shudder that travels through his entire body.

"Shit, that feels f**king good, gorgeous. I love your lips wrapped around me." His low voice does wicked things to my insides, creating a none too dull ache between my legs.

"Mmm hmm." I reply, feeling his grip tighten against my head, further fueling my desire.

"So close, babe," he says hoarsely as I increase my speed, cupping his balls in my hand and massaging them as they draw tight up against him. His c**k swells in my mouth just before I feel his warm come fill my mouth. Swallowing it all, I pull my mouth off him, kissing the tip one last time before leaning back on the bed with a satisfied smile on my face.

He leans over me, resting his hands on mine as he moves his face in close to mine. "Fuck, I love your mouth," he murmurs against my lips before I open and let his tongue lazily caress mine. If I thought I was wet from seeing him come apart like that in my mouth, knowing he can taste himself on my lips just increases the need for a panty change before we leave.

I lean back so I can look into his eyes. Gone is the heated gaze, now it's replaced with adoration, devotion, and f**k me, one could almost say it was love.

I shake my head and kiss him once again before scooting off the bed around him and walking over to my underwear drawer. I peel off my soaked thong, which earns a groan from Daniel behind my back, and step into a new pair of panties. After straightening my dress, and doing a quick hairdo repair in my mirror, I turn around and see Daniel buttoning up his shirt.

"You about ready to go?" I ask, grabbing my purse from my dresser and checking that I've got the essentials.

"Sure," he says deadpan. What the hell?

"Cool. I'll meet you in the kitchen for pre-game drinks?" I say cheerfully, trying to at least get a smile from him.

"Not a problem, I'll be out in a few," he says quickly, failing to hide his frustrated tone. He drops his eyes to the floor as he leans down and pulls on a pair of black linen slacks.

How did this suddenly turn awkward? I shake my head and walk towards my bedroom door, taking a quick glance at him and seeing anger, frustration, maybe a little sadness on his face.

Over the last couple of weeks, I've noticed little nuances in the way Daniel acts, the things he says, the way he touches me. Don't get me wrong, he still makes me happier than I've ever been, and I've never felt so fulfilled. The problem is me.

All me.

It started after Noah's BBQ when I was in the middle of a shift and he turned up to deliver me lunch after I absentmindedly mentioned in a text that I'd been running late that morning and ran out of time to grab food. A sweet gesture, extremely thoughtful and kind, and I loved it.

But I didn't like the fact that I loved it.

Then a couple of nights ago, we were hanging out at his place, watching a movie and snuggling on the couch (I know, who would have thought that I would snuggle, and enjoy it) when my phone started ringing. I grabbed it from the coffee table, thinking it would just be Kate ringing to vent, and froze when I saw it was Zander. I looked up at Daniel and saw his frown, immediately realizing that he had seen who was calling.

"Hey, Zan," I said, answering the call.

"Babe, what are you up to?"

"Ah I'm just at a friend's place. What you are doing?"

"I'm just at the club. Want to meet up?"

"Not tonight, babe. I'm bushed. Had a twelve hour shift today."

"You sure you don't want me to totally wear you out?"

I cracked up laughing, not realizing that Daniel's body had stiffened behind me. "I'll be fine, Zan. You have a good night."

"Bye, babe."

"See ya," I said before ending the call.

All of a sudden Daniel pulled himself up over the back of the couch and walked down the hall into his bedroom.

That took a lot of making up. I explained to him that Zander rarely calls me and that it was something out of my control. The hurt I saw in Daniel's eyes cut me to the core.

It was then that I knew that this whole 'non dating' thing was starting to get to him. I knew that it would only be a matter of time before our arrangement just wasn't enough for him anymore. I knew he was growing feelings for me...hell, even I can admit that I like the guy.

Okay, more than like him.

But I can't think about that now. We have a night of drinking and dancing ahead of us. Surely that will shake his mood.

When I reach the living area, Kate and Greg are sitting at the island in the kitchen talking and enjoying a glass of wine.

"Hey, you guys about ready?" I ask.

Kate looks up at me, and she can tell straight away that something's up. Maybe it's the confused look on my face, but I have to hand it to my bestie, she can always tell.

"Yeah, just waiting on you two. You okay?" she asks carefully.

"Yup, nothing that some tequila shots and music won't fix."

Daniel walks out behind me. "Hey, man, I'm Daniel, Mac's, ah... friend," he says with slight hesitation.

"Hey, I'm Greg. Glad you're coming along. Not sure I'm man enough to handle Kate, let alone both of them," he replies with a chuckle.

"I've got your back, man. These two are definitely a handful," he says deadpan, wrapping his arm around my waist. Unable to stop myself, my body betrays me and leans into Daniel's side, earning a confused look from Kate.

"Right. A round of shots first, and then we'll get going," Kate announces, getting off her stool and pulling out a bottle of Jose and four shot glasses.

I've got to hand it to her, Kate knows when to change the subject. God bless that woman.

I'm six drinks down, and feeling footloose and fancy free. Daniel hasn't left my side, and I haven't wanted him too. I've lost all the inhibitions I had left, and I think he's liking it. My brain has switched off. I'm not thinking about him getting too attached, or that look I saw in his eyes that part of me has been aching to see. The other part, the part that is now deeply and buried under the weight of my friend Petron, can't let myself return the feelings. Opening myself up again can only end in heart break, and I've had enough of that already. So I'm back to living in the now.

Hearing an upbeat dance track come over the speakers, I squeal and put my drink down on our table before grabbing Daniel's hand and dragging him out on the dance floor with me.

"You want to dance, gorgeous girl?" he says with a smirk.

I flip my hair over my shoulder and give him what I'd like to think is my most seductive facial expression, but being three sheets to the wind, I'm sure I don't look as hot as I think I do.

He chuckles as he pulls me in close against him and pushes his hips against mine, causing a delicious moan to escape my throat.

"You like that, Mac, don't you? Knowing that people are watching. That they can see everything we do," he whispers in my ear as he grinds his hardness into me.

I wrap my arms around his neck and lean in to trace my tongue along his jaw and down his neck, nipping the skin where it meets his collarbone. Moving my hips against him in time to the music, I'm gyrating like he's a stripper pole and I'm desperate for my next dollar. Just the taste of him is making me horny as hell. Much more of this and I'm gonna want to hump him all the way into next week and not come up for air.

"Yeah, I like it. I like you too," I say with a smile just as he positions his thigh between my legs, increasing the pressure against me as I thrust against him. I fail to hold back the breathy groan he elicits from me.

Sliding his hands down my body, he caresses my br**sts and doesn't stop until they have a firm grip on my ass. I can feel his c**k getting hard against me, and I swear I just came a little in my panties. I've been pent up ever since I gave him head before we left home. I'm craving a Daniel induced orgasm, and I'm not going to be able to wait much longer. I hear a growl rumble in his chest as I continue to rub up hard against him, the pressure building between us with every move.

"Dammit, gorgeous, you're going to make me come in my pants like a school boy in a minute." I giggle before taking a peek over his shoulder, trying to see Kate, but I'm stopped by a piercing set of blue eyes I know all too well. I shake my head at him, and he arches his brow in confusion.

"What's wrong?" Daniel asks as soon as I stop moving.

My drunken brain to mouth filter fails to engage. "Sean's here. At the bar."

He takes a quick look behind his back then looks back down at me with a furrowed brow. "Sean the spanker?"

"Yes," I say, burying my head in his chest to hide my flaming red cheeks.

"Hey," he says, pulling my shoulders back slightly so that I have to look at him. "If you want to go say hi, that's okay, Mac. As long as you know, and he definitely f**king knows, that you're coming home with me, and it'll be my name you're screaming when my tongue is deep inside you. Okay?"

Oh hell, yes! That's okay!

Caveman Daniel is in the building, and it's hot as hell.

"Daniel..." I say before he gently puts a finger over my mouth. "Mac, it's okay. He's a friend. But I don't share well, especially not you."

"But I haven't even-"

"I don't care, gorgeous. I just want you to know where my head is at. "

I look up at him and get lost in his possessive eyes. "I want to stay here. I like staying here with you. You're my whipped cream," I slur before laying my head on his shoulder and swaying my hips to the slow song that is now playing.

Wrapping his arms around my back, I swear I hear him murmur, "I like that."

I stopped thinking and just enjoyed my moment, dancing with my Daniel in the middle of the dance floor, wrapped up in each other. Not caring that another one of my men was in the same bar, watching me dance with the man who makes my heart beat faster with a simple look, a touch, his cheeky grin...

I smile.

I'm happy and content. I have half a bottle of tequila running through me, and no cares in the world, for tonight at least.

I'm in the arms of the man that I lov...like a lot, and nothing could be better.

Until the next morning, when all hell broke loose in my head.

Chapter 16 - "Here Comes Goodbye"

It's Sunday. Two days after my drunken night out with Daniel where we made out like horny teenagers on the dance floor in front of Sean. Then we came home and continued more adult horny antics until we both passed out.

And now I'm at a crossroads.

I like Daniel, like really like him, but I need to stop this before it turns into more than like. Because when it turns into love, you get your heart trampled on, like I did with Beau.

Beau was the nicest guy when we first met. He had bad boy charm, but he treated me like I was precious to him. When he started to change, I was blind to all the warning signs until it was too late. I held on to the old Beau, the idea of what he used to be like. But the crushing pain I endured when I left Ohio and Beau behind is always with me. It's why I can't let Daniel in, and why I can't acknowledge that he may already be in.

I know I need to cut Daniel loose. As much as we try and pretend that we're both okay with ignoring it, I know he wants more. He wants a label, an acknowledgement of what I've silently given him. He wants to call me his own, the age old caveman mentality of being able to beat your chest and say, "Me man, you my wo-man."

I just can't do it. I've had four years of independence. Living my life the way I want, doing who I want, when I want. No hang ups, no commitment, no questions asked.

Do I like Daniel? Hell, yes!

Does he rock my world? Yes, again.

God does he know how to rock my socks off...inside, outside, in bed, in the shower. Honest to God, I think the man has a magical penis. If I wasn't so sure that Superman wasn't real, I'd say that Daniel's superhero power was in his pants...or his hands...or his mouth...

God, the things that man does to me!

It's like he's Noah, Sean, and Zander all mixed together with extra Daniel spice. He's more than a walking dildo, he's the whole friggin' sex store. He's proven he can be dominating like Sean, and adventurous and spontaneous like Zander. In many ways, he's my dream man, but there is still a part of me that doesn't trust any man, even Daniel, not to hurt me eventually.

But it's not fair to keep him to myself when I can't make him happy. I care about him too much to make him suffer because of my f**ked up belief system. He needs to go off and meet the woman of his dreams and have a happy, committed relationship with her.

Now to tell him.

Mac: Hey, is it okay if I come over?

Superman: Of course, gorgeous. See you soon

Getting changed into my skinny jeans and a hoodie, I hurry out the door, knowing I need to get this over with before I lose my nerve. I just hope we can stay friends after I end it. I let it go on for too long. I was selfish and didn't stop it before we got too involved.

I walk the four blocks to his apartment, nodding to the doorman as I walk through the lobby, pushing the elevator call button.

I'm a nervous wreck. Every minute that passes I'm warring with my conscience. The sexy devil in her fishnets and high heels on one shoulder shouting obscenities at me about how I need Daniel in my life and in my bed. The pure, virginal angel on the other hand (the only thing that's still virginal in my life) whispering encouraging soothing words in my ear about being a martyr for the sake of Daniel's future happiness and the life he can have with a wife and two point five kids in the suburbs. The life I know I will never be able to give him.

There's a dull ache in my chest that seems to grow stronger as the elevator goes past the floors leading to Daniel's apartment. Why is this affecting me so much? It was supposed to be casual, no strings, no feelings, no worries. All of a sudden, this idea doesn't seem so shit hot.

I reach his floor and pause in the elevator, wondering why I'm even here. I could just make him hate me. All I'd have to do is have a long forgotten on-call room hook up with the walking dildo to do that.

NO!

Daniel deserves better. He deserves honesty not a pseudo-relationship with a commitment-phobe woman who will only hurt him in the long run.

Walking up to his door, I push his doorbell, my heart beat speeding up as I hear his footsteps get louder before the door opens, and he greets me with a gorgeous smile.

"Hey," he says, stepping forward to give me a kiss. I freeze as he gets close to me, but melt the moment his lips touch mine. He wraps his arm around my waist just as my knees buckle. Pulling me backwards into his apartment, he closes the door with his leg before leaning me against the wall as he continues to ravage my mouth.

By God, it's hot as hell!

I bring my hands between us and pull his shirt up. He moves off me long enough to tear the shirt over his head before he's back on me, attacking my mouth with renewed hunger. I grab his hair, gripping tight as I hold him close to me. We're both breathing heavy as he moves his mouth to my neck, peppering kisses along my jaw and sucking my favorite spot underneath my ear.

Slamming my head against the wall, I close my eyes and give in to the sensation and the inferno he's creating between my legs. Fuck it! Our talk can wait. He's too damn good at this to let this go to waste. I push him backwards, matching him step for step as I steer him towards his L-shaped couch, going for his belt and pulling it loose as his legs hit the back of the sofa and he falls down, pulling me on top of him.

"Hi," he muses, looking up at me.

"That was quite a welcome." I smile down at him, my eyes moving to his luscious lips, wet and inviting. I can't resist their call to me. I lean down and rake my teeth against his bottom lip, earning a growl that rumbles deep inside his chest.

"You're going to pay for that," he says with a dirty grin, and dammit if my heart doesn't twinge a little.

"I damn well hope so," I say, trying to hide the sudden breathless feeling that is rushing through me. Without warning, I'm lifted up and flipped over, Daniel is now lying on top of me, his chest to my back, his hard c**k now wedged between my ass cheeks. A swath of new positions flash before me, pushing out the strange emotional thoughts being thrown around my head. I let out a soft moan as he thrusts himself hard against me.

"Now this is interesting," he rasps in my ear, nipping it with his teeth before tracing it with his tongue. "The things we could do."

"How about you stop talking the talk and start walking the walk?" I pant.

Another hard thrust. Damn, that feels good, if only we were naked and the thrust was inside of me.

"You're wearing too many clothes," he says. I buck my hips up against him, smiling at the resulting groan.

"Well, let's rectify that."

I roll over, ripping up my hoodie and top at the same time, and throwing them over the side of the couch. He leans back on his heels, undoing my jeans and pulling my panties down with them. I'm left naked before him.

I look up at him, quirking a brow. "Now who's wearing too much?"

"Have at it," he says with a devilish grin, beckoning me with his fingers.

I look at the impressive bulge in his shorts and damn, I want to trace that c**k with my tongue. I gaze up at him, and his hooded eyes speak wonders.

"It drives me insane when you get that look in your eyes, Mac," he says, grabbing my neck and roughly pulling me in for a hard, spine-tingling tousle of tongues.

While he's exploring my mouth, I move my hands to his shorts, undoing them and sliding my hand inside his boxers to his waiting monster. It's hard and hot as I stroke my hand up and down its length. I feel it pulsate in my palm, and the sheer knowledge that it's me doing this to him is too much. I push him on to his back, pulling down his shorts until his big hard c**k is exposed to me. Moving my head down, I trace a vein up his length, circling the tip before taking it in my mouth, flicking my tongue over the salty pr**cum that has leaked out. I suck the tip hard, scraping my teeth against the head as I wrap my lips around him and take him deep into my throat. His hand goes to the back of my head as he gently raises his hips, encouraging me to go deeper. This isn't our first rodeo, and he knows that I like it rough.

I want him to f**k my mouth.

His hand tangles in my hair and grips tightly as I lift up and drive him back down into my mouth. I moan around him, causing his whole body to shudder.

"Fuck, Mac, that feels incredible," he spits out as I pull him out of my mouth and jerk him off with my hand as I lick his balls, the musky scent sending my body into overdrive. "Fuck, I need to taste you."

He lifts me up and spins me around until my lips are wrapped around his c**k once more and his face is buried tongue deep inside my pu**y, moving in and out so fast that I'm losing all hope of concentrating on the job at hand, deep throating him and driving him crazy.

"Oh God!" I cry out.

"Not God, Mac, just Superman," he says as he zeros in on my hard swollen clit, trailing kisses around it, but purposefully avoiding it.

Knowing that I'm in desperate need of a home run, and soon, I flatten my tongue and give a long lick up the underside of his shaft, circling the head before diving down and taking him deep at the back of my throat. I feel my throat muscles relax around him and I swallow, clutching around him, feeling the thrill of making his whole body jolt underneath me.

Realizing that I'm trying to make him lose control, Daniel brings his hands up to cup my ass, holding my pu**y hard against his face as he places his lips around my clit, flicking his tongue as fast as he can against the nub. He tortures me into submission as my orgasm slams into me, crashing over me in waves as I'm forced to let his c**k fall out of my mouth and let my breathtaking climax devour me whole. I grab him in my hand and wrap my lips around the tip, using my hand to jerk him off. With three firm up and down strokes, he thrusts his hips as he spills inside my mouth, shooting into the back of my throat as I swallow down every last drop.

I pull away, my limp body unable to move off him as I lay my head against his tense thigh.

"Damn, babe, that was insanely good."

"Mmm hmm," I reply, earning a chuckle from the man lying beneath me.

Then I realize that he's just sexed me out of my plans. The plan to come over and end this was all but thrown out the window with a mind blowing sixty-niner in his living room, in front of the floor to ceiling windows.

Holy crap. I'm screwed.

A little while later, after we've showered and eaten dinner, my resolve returns. I have to do it now. A clean break. Like ripping off the band aid, quick and painless. That's the plan anyway.

Daniel's on the phone to his parents. They've called him for his weekly Sunday catch up.

"Hey, Mom. How are you? ... Yeah, I'm good. Mac and I are just hanging out on the couch waiting for our movie to start. ... She's the woman I'm seeing..." He looks over at me, a faint smile grows on his lips. "A few months now. ... That sounds cool. I'd love for you to meet her. I'll ask her and let you know."

I feel my whole body tense up. I can't do 'meet the parents'. That's not part of not not dating. In fact, that's a giant leap into 'dating' territory.

"Okay, well I'll call you tomorrow when I get to the office. Love you. Bye."

"Sorry about that," he says, putting his phone down and sitting back down on the couch.

I turn my body towards him, taking a big breath as I try to brace myself for what's about to unfold.

"Daniel, I can't do this anymore. I can't be what you want me to be," I start off.

"Mac? What are you talking about?" A frown mars his beautiful face.

"I can't meet your parents, I can't go to 'coming out' parties, I can't be your girlfriend. I just can't do this anymore."

"Mac, I don't think you have a f**king clue what you want. God!" he says. Exasperated, he gets up off the couch and walks towards the huge glass window that lines his living room, planting both hands on the glass and looking out towards the lake.

"Is it the other guys? Because seriously, Mac, I'm in so deep, I'll take you however I can have you. I'll wait, however long it takes. If these last few months with you have shown me anything, it's that you're meant to be mine. I know that already, f**k, I've known it for a while now. I've just been waiting for you to catch up."

Wow.

I take a moment to let it sink in what he's just declared. Meant to be his? This is exactly why I just have to power through this.

"I can't, Daniel. I made a vow to myself a long time ago, and I intend to keep that, but I can't stand by and hold you back and let you wait for something that is never gonna happen. You deserve to be happy. To have the wife, kids, the whole nine yards. I'm letting you go so you can find that."

I can feel my chest tightening as I try to hold back the tears.

"What vow? Why can't you let me in and admit that there is something good going on here?" he says loudly, not hiding his frustration.

I stand up, walking to the island in the kitchen and grab my purse. I take a moment to try and compose myself. It won't help if he sees me upset. I turn to face him.

"I can't tell you, but please know that I'm sorry. I hope that we can still be friends, but I understand if we can't." My voice shakes slightly, and I know he didn't miss hearing it.

"Mac, you can talk to me," he pleads hoarsely. "Just... don't go. Not like this. Tell me what I can do, let me in..."

He spins around and walks towards me. I step backwards until my back hits the front door and his hands are placed either side of my head. He dips his head and nips my bottom lips, silently asking for entry. I try to resist, but everything that is him surrounds me and I part my lips. Our lips mesh together, his tongue claiming mine, invading my mouth with rapture as he stokes the fire deep within me. I regain enough coherence to move my hands between us, gently pressing on his chest.

He pulls back and rests his forehead against mine, our lips barely parted as we stand there, breathing each other in.

"God, I want to hate you for doing this to us, but I can't," he whispers, kissing my forehead one last time before stepping back. "I could never hate you, Mac. That's why this f**king hurts so much."

I take one last look at him before willing myself to open the door and leave.

Walking towards the elevator, I flinch at the sound of something shattering against a wall, and I have to fight from turning back around and telling Daniel it was a mistake. I didn't expect it to hurt this much. It's the exact thing I've been trying to protect myself against.

As the elevator doors close, a lone tear falls down my cheek. I haven't cried in four years, but Daniel snuck into my heart when I wasn't looking. As much as what I've just done hurts, he'll thank me for it one day.

I text Kate, hoping like hell she is home. I need a distraction. Alcohol is what I need; something to drive Daniel out of my head so that this ache in my chest goes away.

That's it. A night out with my girl. The perfect antidote to a not dating breakup. Hell, I can't even describe what it was, but whatever it was is over. Time to move the f**k on. I need tequila shots and dancing, dusting myself off and getting back out there. That is what I need.

I need to forget Daniel Winters and the way he made me feel. It's the only way I'll be able to get through this.

Chapter 17 - "Just A Fool"

When I get home after leaving Daniel's apartment, there is no Kate and no dancing.

I plant myself on the couch with a bottle of Petron and a shot glass. Kate is at her parents for dinner. She sent me a text me earlier to tell me she was staying the night and would be home in the morning. This left me alone in the house, free to wallow in my confusion.

This isn't supposed to be me. Not anymore. I've kept my emotions and feelings in check for so long, the overwhelming rush of guilt and loss I'm feeling is uncomfortable to say the least. It takes me back to Ohio four years ago when I left Beau and never looked back. Why doesn't it feel as simple as it did back then?

With every shot I refill and slam back, the feelings hit me harder. Instead of numbing the pain, the alcohol intensifies it.

Four years ago, when my plane landed back in Chicago, and I ran into Kate's welcoming arms in the terminal, I'd been a mess. I was mourning the loss of the baby I hadn't wanted, the relationship I'd escaped but felt trapped in, and the man that I used to love who was now a shadow of his former self.

Now, sitting here, I feel worse than I did back then and it's confusing the f**k out of me. Daniel was meant to be a bit of fun. Innocent flirting that led to a few dates, followed by some of the best sexual encounters of my life. But when I wasn't looking, the bastard snuck past my long standing defenses and into my heart.

I pour another shot and down it as quick as it's poured. My body is slowly melting into a nice numb haze. Finally!

Daniel f**king Winters. Even thinking his name stabs at my heart while also causing my stomach to flutter. How can one man have had such a sudden and profound effect on me? I never promised him hearts and flowers. I was straight up that I didn't do relationships, definitely didn't do commitment, but then I did something stupid and admitted that I felt whatever it was that was going on between us.

Because I did, I felt it. In all honestly, I felt it the moment our eyes locked when he handed me back my phone. Then again when he called me his beautiful stranger. And again every time he called me gorgeous and kissed my forehead. Every damn time.

But he deserves better. Maybe in another time, another place. Maybe when I'm not so determined to stick to my vow and stop protecting my heart, I could try. Too late now.

His reaction tonight ripped me apart. I'm so glad I managed to keep it together until I was alone in the elevator. If he'd seen me cry, he would have known I was hurting. He would have grabbed my hand and never let me go. He would have picked me up and carried me to his bed, laying me down and holding me close in his arms. His hands would have rubbed my back soothingly, murmuring words in my ear about how gorgeous I was, how I was meant to his, how he would protect me from the world and never let anyone hurt me, let alone him.

"I'm in so deep, I'll take you however I can have you."

This is the stuff dreams are made of, but I knew it would mean him sacrificing his happiness just to keep me. I would never want that for him.

"You're meant to be mine."

For someone so sure of herself and what she wants, and definitely doesn't want, I'm a f**king idiot.

Another shot, another refill. My hand starts trembling with each new shot I pour. I don't know what makes me stop. It might be when I curl up on the couch and finally let myself succumb to the pain, the loss, everything I've bottled up and held back for four years. An hour later, I stumble into my room, take my clothes off, and put on the first t-shirt I can find, which of course happens to be one of Daniel's.

I black out surrounded by the smell of the man I've just gotten legless drunk over.

When I wake up Monday morning, I have the hangover from hell.

I drag myself out of bed and into the shower, hoping to wash away the stench of too much tequila and not enough sleep. No such luck. After calling in sick to my nursing supervisor, I crawl back into bed. A few hours later, I hear a knock at my door.

"Go away. I'm dead," I mumble from underneath my pillow.

"You're not dead. What's going on, Mac? I walk in to find an empty bottle of tequila, a shot glass, and a trail of clothes leading to your door. I take it Daniel's left already?" Kate asks, sitting down on the bed beside me.

"Daniel's no longer a factor."

"What?" she screeches. I groan because a screeching Kate sounds like a pack of flying bats are slamming against the empty cave inside my head.

I roll over, putting the pillow under my head and looking at my frowning best friend.

"Move over, I'm coming in," she says as she lays down beside me and gets under the covers. "Now that I'm comfortable, you can continue," she adds with a smirk.

"You knew it was coming, Kate. He was getting too attached. You saw him Saturday night at the bar. I loved that he went caveman on me, but that's just it. He's been pushing me bit by bit ever since I agreed not to see anyone else."

Kate lies there for a minute, staring at me with soft, understanding eyes. The same eyes that were there four years ago when I hid myself away in my room for a week. "I knew this would happen. That boy was smitten the moment he met you. I kinda hoped you'd let him in, Mac."

"I wanted to, I just couldn't trust it."

"Trust what?"

"The butterflies, the racing heartbeat, the way I always feel safe with him. Everything Daniel gives me feels so right, but I just can't trust it. I know I'd either f**k it up, or he'd break my heart. So I ended it before either of us got hurt."

"You know what he wants, Mac. You're just not ready to give it to him, or amazingly, not even willing to consider it. Something has to give."

"But he's my apple pie, Kate," I say with a pout, pretending to stamp my feet at the same time.

"He's the warm apple pie that wants the whipped cream on top. And unless it's in the bedroom, you're not interested in being anyone's cream right now, whipped or otherwise."

I scoff. I can't even think of a dirty comeback right now. Shit, I've really done a number on myself.

"You should've seen his face, Kate. The things he said. He said that he's been waiting for me to catch up. He said he couldn't even hate me for doing this." I swallow down the lump rising in my throat.

"Hon, I think you've made a mistake this time. But I'm here for you. I'll always be here for you."

"Maybe I'm broken. Maybe my stupid vow just made me push away a good man, Kate," I say forlornly.

"Are you going in to work?" she asks, sitting up and leaning against the headboard.

"Nope. My head feels like a freight train is running through it, and I just can't play 'nice nurse' today. Not feeling like this. I feel.... I dunno, lost?"

"Has he called?" She looks over at my phone on my bedside cabinet.

I reach over and grab it, letting out a heavy sigh of disappointment when I see no texts, no missed calls. Nothing.

"I didn't think he would."

"Babe, I'm going to fix you some breakfast before I leave for work. I know for a fact that bottle was half full, so I'm guessing you need some food. But..." she looks over at me and gives me her best authoritarian look, "I'm only giving you one mental health day to deal with this, Mac. Because if you're not willing to take a leap with him, even if he might've been the best damn thing to happen to you, then I'm not gonna let you mope around and watch life pass you by like last time."

That's all she needs to say. If I was ever in any doubt about how well Kate knows me, she just spelled it all out. One day to decide whether I'm going to swallow my pride and try again, or snap out of it and put it behind me.

After making me a hangover breakfast that would cure world hunger, Kate leaves me to my own devices and takes off to the salon.

I don't know what I'm feeling right now, but it's definitely not the relief I thought I'd feel. I thought a weight would have lifted off my shoulders now that I've let Daniel go, given him the chance to go find his own happiness, the life I won't allow myself to give him. But if anything, I feel an emptiness I haven't felt for a long time, and I don't like it one f**king bit.

Around lunch time, I hear my phone chime with a new text message. My heart leaps in my chest, and I jump up off the couch to grab it from the kitchen counter.

It sinks again when I see that it is Sean, and not the one person I desperately want to hear from.

Sean: You looked like you were having a great time Saturday night.

Mac: I was rather drunk. Sorry I didn't catch up with you.

Sean: You looked otherwise engaged, loved the floor show. Gave me plenty of ideas ;)

Mac: You in town this week?

Sean: I wish I was. Back next week. We'll catch up then.

Mac: Yes, sir ;)

Sean: Baby doll, my c**k has ideas where you're concerned, and he's making those intentions clear in the back of a New York cab right now.

I giggle at that. Playful Sean is always fun, but I'm glad he's not in town. It would be way too easy to just jump back into his bed and f**k Daniel out of my head and my heart.

I can hear Kate's voice in my head, like she's here in front of me and reading my thoughts. 'No, Mac, that's not going to help.' Noah is totally out of the equation now. I couldn't do that to Daniel, and seeing them at the BBQ a few weeks ago, there is no chance Noah would do that to his friend either.

Argh. This whole situation is a clusterfuck. I've come to realize that Daniel is everything I had hoped Beau would one day be.

I know it's stupid to compare the two men. I mean, they're like chalk and cheese. And to be honest, they're not alike. If I was the type to settle down, I'd always choose Daniel. He's always been thoughtful and chivalrous, and whenever we're together he's attentive and seems to have this overwhelming urge to touch me.

But it's more than that. It's the way he strokes my skin, the random texts in the middle of the day just to say hi...it's a whole of lot of little things that together, create a big thing.

What the hell have I done?

Even from early on in my relationship with Beau, he was never affectionate unless he was trying to get me into bed. I also don't think he ever had a thought for anyone else except himself, let alone have a chivalrous bone in his body. Even when we were having sex, when he took my v-card, he was greedy and took more than he would give. As the relationship progressed, he seemed to get rougher, sometimes making demands of my body that I was not accustomed to, or wasn't willing to do. There were times when we were living in Ohio that he would open his fly and give me a knowing look before roughly gripping my hair to control the depth and movement of my actions, even holding me there until he was done.

I look back now and wonder why the hell I stayed for so long. I was so gutless and naive back then. I knew that he was out getting drunk and high, and probably hooking up with other girls, but not once did I actually take action to change my life. Not until that fateful night.

Since I've been back in Chicago, he hasn't even tried to contact me, and for that, I'm glad. In the first six months I was back, I honestly believed he would try and make things difficult, or even turn up on my parent's doorstep begging me for forgiveness. I mean, for all he knows, I gave birth to his son or daughter.

Chalk and cheese.

Water and wine.

Apples and oranges.

Imagine if I had met Daniel in high school. I would have had an instant crush on him with those brooding eyes and the hot geek glasses that he pulls off so well. He would have been hooking up with girls left and right. Maybe I wouldn't have even had a chance.

On the rare times Daniel and I went out in public, he was always being noticed by women...a lot! I was proud that it was me on his arm, but as soon as I started thinking like that, I also felt guilty that our 'non-dating' arrangement was holding him back from meeting his princess charming, or whatever the female equivalent would be.

The thought of him going on and finding someone else, a future wife, his soul mate, a woman who could fall in love with him openly and give him the type of relationship he wants...it rips me apart.

And the more I think about it, the more I wish I could be the one to give it to him. Everything. The house, the kids, the white picket fence, all of it.

I think I know what I want.

So why does it scare the shit out of me?

By the time Kate gets home from work, I'm firmly ensconced on the couch surrounded by empty junk food packaging and halfway through a tub of Ben and Jerry's Chunky Monkey.

"Productive day?" she scoffs as she pulls a bottle of wine out of the fridge.

"You said I had one day," I mumble around a mouthful of ice cream.

"That's right, so any word from the man of the hour?"

"Why would I? I hurt him, Kate. You weren't there. I shattered him," I say, gladly accepting the glass of wine she hands me.

"So what are you going to do, babe? Because I know you can't lie for shit, and it's written all over your face that this is not just a friendly break-up."

"It's just gonna take time. Soon he'll move on and forget all about our few months of memories. I'll just soldier on, concentrate on work or something. And I've still got Sean and Zander," I reply half-heartedly.

"Mac, don't bullshit me. You can't go back to what you had. Hasn't the time you spent with Daniel shown you anything? You loved it. You shined, babe. That man showed me what a great relationship can do for you. You laughed, you smiled, you screamed our freaking roof off on a regular basis."

And with that, the dam breaks. "Oh, Kate, I've really f**ked this up, haven't I?"

"Mmm hmm. But don't you worry, Mac. You'll get through this. You always do," she adds, topping up my wine glass. "Here's to learning from life's mistakes and fixing f**k ups."

Chapter 18 - "It's All Your Fault"

For the rest of the week, I bury myself in work. Kate was right in giving me one day to wallow and feel sorry for myself. Tuesday through Saturday I worked my ass off. If there was a double shift, I took it. Overtime? Sign me up. The more I worked, the less time and energy I had to even think about Daniel Winters and what he might be doing.

Was he missing me? Did he want to contact me? Had he decided to run back to Nasty Nikki and create the perfect life that had been expected of them?

See, what did I tell you? Free time plus thinking equals me wondering about Daniel and what he's doing, who he's doing, is he thinking about me, does he miss me? It's endless.

Now it's 5 p.m. Saturday and I've just got off the L after working a day shift. I'm dead tired after working way too many hours this week, but it has done me a world of good to get my mind off everything and to just focus on me. The ache in my chest has not eased though, and even on the small breaks I'd get at work, my mind would wander.

I'm a few blocks away from home when the smell of coffee redirects my journey inside my favorite cafe and towards the counter for a large white chocolate mocha. When I reach the counter, I see the barista walking towards a table in the corner. Being the nosy bitch I am, I can't help looking around the shop. I freeze when I see Daniel sitting in the corner next to a gorgeous looking Nasty Nikki.

I know she has seen me when a smug expression covers her face and her eyes squint at me. She knows she has my attention, and dammit she goes in for the kill. A growl escapes me when she puts her hand over his. It's not an overly romantic gesture, but it's definitely one of comfort and familiarity, of someone who has known him for years and can't wait to get back in there. This time it's the bitch troll's turn to say 'Fuck You' to me, and she's loving every minute of it.

Fuck! I need to get out of here before he sees me, or before I go bitch slap her ass.

As I move to run out of the shop, I hear the barista call out my order. "Large White Chocolate Mocha for Mac!" he bellows, getting the attention of the room.

Shit!

Fuck!

Damn!

"You have it. Call it a random act of kindness. Gotta go," I quickly say to the teenage boy holding my coffee as I turn and make the mistake of taking one last cursory glance towards the corner. When I lock eyes with his caramel ones, I lose my train of thought. Hell, I lose all sense of time and place.

I see him drag his hand harshly away from Nikki and go to stand up.

Being the coward I am, I spin on my heels and run out of the shop, leaving Daniel and my caffeine fix in my wake. I hear him call out my name, but I don't dare turn around, and don't stop walking until I'm safely inside my front door.

"What the hell happened to you?" Kate asks, walking out from the hallway towards the kitchen.

"What do you mean?"

"You look like you've just seen a puppy die, Mac. Bad day at work?"

I sigh. "Am I that obvious?"

"Ah, yep. I thought you were doing okay?" she asks, quirking a perfectly manicured eyebrow.

"I am. Well, I was. Oh, I dunno. I just saw Superman and Nasty Nikki having coffee, and she touched him and gave me the classic bitch troll glare that told me she was trying to worm her way back in, and then I tried to run out before he knew I was there, but we locked eyes, and he called out to me, and I ran out and didn't look back."

She shakes her head and smirks at me. "Can you breathe now because I swear to God you're gonna keel over if you keep ranting without stopping to take a breath."

I giggle and walk over towards the breakfast bar where she's sitting. "Drinks, lots of them, tonight?" I say, resting my head on her shoulder and snuggling into her side.

"Abso-fucking-lutely. And I'm dateless tonight, so it's just you and me, old school girls night out!" she says excitedly.

Perfect. A night out with my best friend. Getting dressed up, dancing, copious amounts of liquor and mindless flirting that isn't going to lead anywhere. The perfect antidote to a confused heart.

I go for an 'easy to wear when drunk' outfit. Skinny jeans, high-heeled boots (maybe not so great when drunk, but they look hot), and a sparkly silver one shoulder top that accentuates the 'girls' and is great for dancing in.

After a bottle of wine between us and dancing around our living room to MTV's dance hits marathon, we're dressed to the nines and ready to hit the town. I've told Kate I don't want to go to the club because I know if I ran into Sean right now, I'd do more than hump his leg. I'd mount him like a prize pony and ride him all night long. So we're at 42nd Street Bar, the bar where Daniel met me for our first date. Dammit, can't I ever stop thinking about the guy? He's just a guy, a great guy, but not my guy.

Not anymore.

I hook my arm into Kate's, and we plant ourselves on a couple of bar stools at the left hand side of the bar. She orders us a tequila shot each with a Cosmo chaser. Holy hell, I guess we're not taking it slow tonight.

"You trying to get me drunk?" I ask with a giggle.

"You betcha. Drunk Mac equals relaxed, carefree Mac, and that's what you need right now. So as your best ho from another bro, I'm rising to the challenge." She winks at me, and I know that I'm gonna be messy by night's end.

Perfect!

Three shots and three Cosmos in, and I'm in my happy clappy place. The music's pumping, Kate and I can't stop laughing as she tells me about her latest dating disaster. The guy actually itemized the dinner bill, then split the tip with her before saying she had to leave because his mom was coming to pick him up. Real winner right there.

"Let's dance!" Kate shouts at me over the music.

I nod and grab her hand as we head towards the dance floor. I feel my phone vibrate in my back pocket, but I ignore it. Whoever it is can wait. Tonight, it's girl's night, no penises allowed, arranged or otherwise.

'Waiting All Night' by Rudimental comes on and I can't help but dance. The dance floor fills up fast, and as I start to move I feel free from everything, so I dance. I shake my booty and move my hips, the music flowing through me like a crashing wave.

A few songs later, I feel two firm hands grip my hips as a Calvin Harris track about needing someone's love blasts around us.

Too far gone to react, I keep dancing. Kate's eyes are all knowing as she smiles at whoever it is behind me. That means she must know them, but I know it's not who I want it to be, so I don't turn my head around to see. This night out is to forget about him, and that's what I'm trying to do.

I lose myself. I dance, I gyrate, I move back into the stranger's arms until I feel his pelvis push up against my ass as we continue to move together to the beat. The unmistakable feeling of his hard length feeling surprisingly good against me.

"I knew I'd recognized your ass when I walked in," a husky and downright sexy voice murmurs in my ear before he trails a line of kisses down my neck.

Slumping my body against him, he slides one firm arm around my stomach while the other trails up and brushes my br**sts lightly.

"Zander," I breathe out.

"Yeah, babe, I got you."

He feels so good against me. I've always been a touchy feely person when I have a few drinks under my belt, but this past week without Daniel has wreaked havoc on my emotions. I could do this, just lose myself in Zander. The familiarity between us is comforting. Maybe that's what I need.

The song ends and I'm snapped out of my haze.

Zander pulls away and places his hand on the small of my back. "Let's go get a drink, shall we." His voice gives away the effect our dancing has had on him. The fun, playful Zander is currently being overshadowed by hard, horny Zander and deep down, I love being able to have that effect on him.

After leading us to an empty table, Zander disappears towards the bar to get the next round of drinks. My head is starting to spin, my body is warm, and I'm in a happier place than I was earlier this afternoon.

"I swear to God, Mac, if you weren't already doing him, I would be All. Over. That," Kate says, seemingly unable to tear her eyes away from Zander's tight ass as it walks away.

"Kate," I giggle. Yes, alcohol and Mac equals giggles. "He's not mine. If you like Zander, you should go for it."

"Eww. Sloppy seconds much?"

"You know it's not like that. He's not mine, none of them are mine."

"I need a hell of a lot more drinks to even talk about this with you." She smiles at me with her butter wouldn't melt grin and looks over my shoulder. Her eyes give her away, and I immediately know that Zander's on his way back to us.

"Behave," I growl at her, just as he pulls a seat closer to me and sits down.

"Hey," Kate says, alerting me to Zander's return.

"Hey," he says as he leans over and gives me a kiss on the lips before I can pull away.

He frowns at me when he sees my attempted retreat. "You okay?" he whispers.

"Happy as a clam and drunk as a skunk!" I holler, which just makes him smirk at me.

"So, no gigs tonight?" Kate asks Zander, leaning forward to put her low cut top on show for him, a move I know he doesn't miss as his eyes travel quickly up from her cle**age to her face when he realizes she is waiting for his answer.

"Nah. I had a bachelorette party earlier on, but now I'm off for the night. Just stopped in here to see my roommate who is working the bar, and I saw you gorgeous girls heading off towards the dance floor so I couldn't resist joining you."

I grin over at him as I take a sip of the drink he's put in front of me. Now at this point, I know I'm drunk, and in a great place, but I've been so busy teasing Kate that I didn't realize what Zander ordered me - a drink that I really don't want.

Yep, that fruit punch party in my mouth is back, and it tastes just as good as the first time I had it in this same bar all those weeks ago. Dammit, I can't even go an hour without thinking about him. I'm screwed, and not in a nice way.

"I got you both a sex on the beach. I couldn't resist," he says, grinning over at me.

I nod my head and continue drinking, wishing that I could straight line 100 proof into my blood stream.

"So what was up the other night, Mac? What had you so busy you couldn't meet up?" Zander leans back in his chair, putting his taut body on perfect display. He's wearing a short sleeved black shirt that is tight in all the right places, and a pair of dark grey jeans that hug his thighs like a child hugs its mama. My inner Mac is squealing in anticipation, and just the sight of him sitting so close to me, knowing that I could have those thighs rubbing inside mine while he's deep inside me has me clenching my legs together. But inner Mac is a little slutty when she's drunk, and I'm snapped out of my mindless ogling by Kate clearing her throat, and Zander's deep chuckle at my side.

Shaking my head a little, I grin at them. "Sorry, what did I miss?"

"You're so obvious, Mac," Kate admonishes me, but her smirk totally gives her away. The way she's been shooting puppy dog eyes at Zander all night, I'm starting to think I should hook those two up.

"Ooh, I know! Let's play a drinking game. It's called, what can't you do? We each say something that we can't do, and if someone else can do it, everyone else drinks. What do you say?" I ask, looking between them both.

Kate nods her head eagerly, and Zander just grins at me.

"Sounds good, babe."

"Okay. I'll start," I say, standing up and stumbling a bit, causing Zander to grab me around my hips to stop me falling over. "Okay, I can't touch my nose with my tongue." I try to demonstrate and fail, collapsing in a fit of giggles which starts Kate off.

"You know I'm all over that, Mac." Zander leans back and with ease, pokes his tongue out and easily reaches his nose, earning a loud cheer from Kate and I. "You have to drink, ladies."

We both take a long swig of our drinks, and I sit back down. "Kate, you're turn," I say with a grin, waiting to see if she's going to make this game interesting. Knowing my best friend, she's never one to miss an opportunity.

"Okay. I can't...touch my elbows together behind my back."

Zander looks clueless. "Ah okay. I'll give it a go." He stands up and tries to reach his arms back, but his biceps make it impossible to get even close. I crack up laughing because he looks ridiculous.

"My turn, my turn," I interject as a stand up, a little steadier this time. "C'mon, Kate, I know for a fact you can do this."

She giggles and stands up on the other side of the table. "Okay, you got me. Let's show the man how it's done."

I stick my chest out, trying hard to bring my elbows together and giggling when I look down and see that my boobs are pushed out on display in front of him. Watching Kate, she's doing the same thing. Her D cups out and proud and in Zander's direct line of sight. I look down at him, and his eyes have gone wide as he looks between Kate and I. He looks like a kid at Christmas, not knowing which present to open first.

"You have to drink, Zan," I say, shoving his arm playfully.

"Hot damn, I'll drink to that any day. Two gorgeous women pushing their tits out like that for me? Hell, yeah!" He has the biggest grin on his face, and it's adorable.

I look over at Kate, and catch her cheeks flame when I catch her staring at Zander. She suddenly gets all flustered, pulling her chair out and standing up. "Ah, I'm just going to the ladies. I'll be back."

"You wanna me to come with?" I slur slightly, stumbling between what I want to say and what actually comes out.

"No," she giggles. "You're too drunk to walk or talk apparently."

"Am not."

"Am too."

"Ladies, let's be friends here," Zander pipes up.

"Quit it you," I say, slapping his abs in jest. "You just want to get into my pants," I say jokingly as Kate walks away.

Turning his chair towards me, effectively caging me in, he leans in as close as he can get without sitting on top of me. "And why, pray tell, would I not want to get into your pants," he says in a low rasp that reaches me in all the right drunken places. "Because I seem to remember you like me in your pants, your hands....your mouth..."

Then without hesitation, he wraps his hand around my neck and crushes his mouth to mine.

It's a few moments of delicious tongue wrestling and lip nipping before I realize that it's not right. It isn't Zander's lips I want tasting me, and Zander deserves better. I simultaneously pull away while pushing my hands against his chest, gasping for breath.

"Babe, what's wrong?" he asks with a furrowed brow. "You're not one to pull away and freak out, especially with me."

"I...I've gotta go. Can you make sure Kate gets home safe? I'll explain later."

"Mac, you're drunk. You shouldn't be going anywhere!" he shouts behind me.

"I'm fine. I'll catch a cab!" I yell back as I push my way through the crowd into the fresh night air.

I find myself leaning against the wall outside the bar, trying to catch my breath and clear my head. But I can't.

"Are you okay there?" a bouncer asks, looking concerned. "You need a cab, hon?"

I nod, unable to answer. All I can think about is Daniel. His smile, his eyes, the way his hand would glide over my skin and leave me trembling. I need my Daniel.

So as the bouncer ushers me into the open cab door and closes it behind me, I do the one thing I thought I'd never do again, and definitely shouldn't be doing in my inebriated state.

I give him Daniel's address.

Chapter 19 - "Ready To Love Again"

Stumbling into the foyer of Daniel's building, I'm focused on walking in a straight line, and laying my eyes on the man of the hour. The doorman tries to help me, but I shoo him away. I can tell by the crinkled lines around his eyes that he's trying not to laugh at me. Hell, I'm struggling not to laugh at myself.

"Do you need an escort?" he asks.

"I have a perfectly capable man upstairs, so no, I do not need any escort services," I slur as I push the elevator call button.

Once I'm inside and the doors are closed, I start to panic. What if he has company? What if he's not even home? I should have texted him. Maybe I should text him now.

I pull my phone out and see the text Zander sent me about my ass. Starting a new text message, I select Daniel's name (which is now listed as DO NOT CALL HIM EVEN WHEN DRUNK) in my phone.

Mac: Are you home tonight?

Great conversation starter there, Mac. Well done. I giggle at my own message. Not waiting for a reply, I type another message.

Mac: I wanna see your superhero tricks.

Mac: I may be a bit drunk.

Mac: Your doorman is weird.

Mac: Is Nasty Nikki there too? Making you feel better?. Tell her to keep her skanky hands off you.

The elevator doors reopen on Daniel's floor, and I stumble out, quickly finding his door and knocking quietly, giggling like it's the funniest thing ever.

When he opens the door, I lose the ability to talk. He's holding his phone in his hand and looking more confused than ever. Where usually there is a warm smile, tonight there is a furrowed brow and a look that could almost be hurt.

"You're drunk texting me?" he asks, his face remaining stoic as we stand in his doorway.

Suddenly I'm feeling embarrassed and am starting to reconsider how wise it was to just turn up, effectively unannounced and drunk.

"Ah, I got in the cab and they asked me where I wanted to go, and this was where I wanted to be." I shrug. "But I swear your doorman is a bit weird. He asked me if I wanted an escort," I look around and lean forward to whisper to him, "but I said I didn't need any escort services when I have you."

He shakes his head, his body still rigid and unwelcoming. "Why are you here Mac? Considering the last thing you said to me was that you couldn't do this anymore."

"I miss you. All week I've wanted to see you," I say, bracing myself against the doorway as my head starts to spin.

"Come inside, Mac. I'll sort out a cab or drive you home myself," he says, gesturing me inside as his irritation becomes more and more evident.

I walk inside and then stop, spinning around on my heels and stumbling a bit before leaning against the living room wall.

"I don't wanna go home, Daniel. That's why I came to see you. I missed your face." I walk up to him and kiss him on the lips, quick and hard, swaying a bit as I pull away. He puts his hands on my biceps to steady me.

"Mac," he growls.

"DD," I sigh, melting into his touch. I look around his apartment. "She's not here, is she?"

"Who?" he answers gruffly.

"Nasty Nikki."

"Mac, she's not nasty," he says exasperatedly. "And no, she's not here. Why would she be here?"

"Cause you had coffee with her and she touched you. She is nasty. She makes glarey eyes when you're not looking, and she touches you when she's not allowed."

Checking that I'm steady, he removes his hands and walks over to the kitchen, grabbing a clean glass from the cupboard and filling it with water. He returns and directs me to the couch where he pushes me down until I'm sitting and hands me the water. "Drink this. I'll get you some Tylenol as well. I think you're going to need it. Just let me get changed and I'll take you home."

I'm dumbfounded. I may be drunk as a skunk, but I didn't expect him to be so cold.

I watch him walk down the hallway towards his bedroom, returning a few minutes later with his Chicago Bears' hoodie on as well as his sneakers. He holds his hand out and hands me two painkillers. "Take these," he orders. I grab them and swallow them both down with one gulp of water.

He sits down on the coffee table in front of me, his knees brushing against mine.

"Not that it matters, but I just happened to run into Nikki today. It wasn't planned, and it definitely wasn't anything more than coffee with an old friend."

"But she was touching you. I don't want anyone to be touching you except me," I say matter-of-factly. I know I'm messing this up, but his whole demeanor has put my whole sexting, booty call plan up the shit.

Leaning forward, he places his palms on my knees, sending delicious shivers right through me.

"You said you couldn't do this, Mac."

"I didn't think I could."

"Well, I think I need to get you home and maybe we can talk again when you're not drunk." He stands and holds his hand out to me. "I'll drive, and I can come over and see you tomorrow." I can see him clenching his jaw, he's torn right now.

"I don't want to go home, I want to stay with you," I whisper, looking up at him as tears start to well in my eyes.

"Shit. Mac, you need to stop this," he says, sitting back down on the couch beside me. "I don't want you to regret this."

I scoff. "My only regret is walking out on you last Sunday."

He looks at me in disbelief, but I can still see the anger simmering underneath. "Mac, I can't deal with this right now. We can talk tomorrow."

I shake my head from side to side. "I wanna talk now."

"You couldn't tell me what was wrong last week. Let's just leave it."

"No!" I shout, shocking him.

"Mac, I'm not adverse to throwing you over my shoulder and carrying you out of here," he growls. Damn, mad Daniel is hot!

"Do it. I don't care. I want to explain. No, I need to explain." I place my hand on his cheek, stilling him.

He sighs again. "Okay. You can say what you want to say, but then I'm taking you home." I can tell he's reluctant, but as he crosses his arms across his chest and looks at me expectantly, I know that it's now or never.

"I missed you," I say, looking at him.

"I've missed you too," he says, the hard edge in his eyes softening slightly.

I lick my lips, suddenly nervous. "Okay, so I need to say some stuff, and although it's not easy for me to share, I want you to know. I need you to understand why I am the way I am."

He watches me expectantly, and my lips curve into a sly smile as my eyes take him in. "God, you're beautiful. I almost forgot how much I love just looking at you."

He shakes his head, ruefully. "I'm nothing next to you, gorgeous."

I instantly feel warm, and my nervousness disappears. I feel at ease now; enough to talk freely. Maybe this won't be as hard as I imagined. I take a deep breath to clear my head, stuck on how to start the story of how Beau Gregory ruined me.

"I'm sorry." The two words that have been on the tip of my tongue for over a week now.

"I'm starting to get that, gorgeous, considering you turned up on my doorstep drunk and wanting to talk," he explains.

"Well, yeah, but it's more than that. I didn't really give you a chance."

"Not really." He leans forward and gently grabs my hand, urging me to go on.

"It was self-preservation," I answer honestly. "My feelings for you are so strong, and intense...I couldn't deal with it. The last time I fell hard and fast, I wound up broken."

He runs his thumb across my knuckles as he waits for me to start talking.

"When I was twenty, I moved to Ohio with my high school boyfriend." I can already feel the weight lifting off my shoulders. "He had lost his job here and couldn't find work, so when his uncle called and offered him a job in Dalton, he took it. He wanted me to go with him. Said he couldn't live without me and that it would be a fresh start, so I dropped out of nursing school and went with him, against everyone's wishes."

"Kate wasn't a fan I take it?" he asks.

"Not at all. Beau had changed a lot in the few months before we left, and everyone could see it, but I still saw the man I'd fallen in love with."

I see the hardening of Daniel's face as soon as I say that. Definitely not something he liked hearing.

"A few months after we'd arrived, I realized that the nice, loving, easy going guy that I had fallen in love with back in Chicago was long gone, and I was living with an arrogant, self-serving, controlling ass**le instead. He tried to rule my life, controlling everything I did, who I saw, how I dressed, everything," I continue, pausing briefly to look over at him. All this serious talk seems to be having an instant sobering effect, f**k it!

"Eventually, he started losing his temper. Mainly words, but occasionally he would push me out of the way, squeeze my arms to get a point across, and twice he actually punched me."

Daniel stands up and walks to the window, planting both hands on the glass. By the way his head has fallen down and the speed in which his chest is rising and falling, I can tell he is angry.

"I just need a moment."

"I'm sorry, maybe I shouldn't have..."

"Mac, don't apologize, you did nothing wrong. It's just taking a lot of self-control not to punch something, preferably that ass**le's f**king head."

I stand there, mouth agape, for a few minutes, taking in his words. Especially when I realize that he is angry for me, not at me.

He turns around, leaning his back against the glass, and stares down at me. "Keep going, gorgeous. I want to hear it."

"Okay," I reply shakily. "Kate kept telling me to come home, but there was no way Beau would let me leave, not unless it was his doing. So the more overbearing he became, the more trapped I felt, even when he wasn't home. Usually he was off getting high and sleeping around."

"Mac, you don't-"

I snap my eyes up at him. "Yeah, I do." He nods and I continue.

"Six months after moving, I found out I was pregnant. I'd always taken precautions, but somehow my shot had run out. Anyway, when he came home from work that night, and I told him, he went crazy mad. Kept saying it was my fault and how he didn't want a bastard child with me. We got into a fight, and he slapped me down and stormed out. Later that night, I miscarried in the shower. I rang Kate, and she had me on the next flight home."

He walks across the room towards the kitchen and braces himself against the counter, gripping his fingers tightly around the edge.

I get up and walk over to him gingerly, still affected by the night's alcohol consumption, and worried about his reaction to what I've just said. I put my hand on his back, and he flinches.

"I just need a minute." His voice is strained and rough. I can tell he's trying to rein it in for me.

"I'm glad Kate was there for you," he says, his voice laced with sadness.

"Me too. Doesn't help with the guilt, though. I've always believed that I willed it to happen. Like I unconsciously wanted to miscarry."

Hearing that, he turns around and places his hands on my waist. Pulling my body tight against his.

"Mac, it doesn't work like that. It wasn't your fault," he says softly.

"I know, but it doesn't make me feel any better. After that, I made a vow to myself that I would never let a man get close enough to break me. And I was doing well until you kind of wormed your way in." I smile up at him.

He stands there, his eyes intent on my face. In this light, their caramel color almost looks amber. I get lost in him...his eyes, his face, his look of sadness. The slight flicker of latent heat grows stronger as the moments pass by.

I take a deep breath and whisper, "I want this...us."

"Gorgeous, right now, those are the best four words I've ever heard come out of that beautiful mouth."

And then I see it. The look he's giving me. It's the same look that terrified me a week ago, but right now it's making my heart feel close to bursting.

"Okay," I reply, burrowing my head into the nook between his neck and collarbone, relishing in his delicious smell as it surrounds me. This shit should be bottled and sold.

Then it hits me. My stomach turns, and I feel the tell-tale sign that my night is about to turn south. "Fuck," I spit out as I turn and run towards the bathroom, getting there just before I start retching into the toilet.

I hear footsteps behind me and I start crying.

"I'm so sorry," I sob, falling onto my side next to the claw footed tub and hugging my legs.

"Hey," he says, squatting down in front of me. "Let's get you in the shower. Then I think it might be time to put our talk on hold until morning, okay?"

"But, there's still more to say," I stutter.

"What you've told me tonight is enough. Now, we need to get you cleaned up and home to bed."

"I don't wanna go home, I wanna stay with you."

"Okay, gorgeous. In the shower, and I'll clean up in here. "

I lift my head and look around, winching at the mess in and around the toilet bowl.

"Oh my God, I'm so sorry," I say, horrified.

Daniel chuckles. "It's okay. We've all had these moments. You forget that I used to room with Noah in college." He pulls me up to my feet, and leans around me to turn the shower on.

I step into the steaming hot shower and relish in the night being washed away from me. I sit down on the corner seat and rest my head against the side of the shower as I close my eyes just for a moment. That's the last thing I remember until I wake up in Daniel's bed a few hours later.

Chapter 20 - "Easier In Bed"

I roll over and realize that I'm still at Daniel's apartment and that he obviously put me to bed after I fell asleep in the shower.

Through the faint moonlight that is sneaking through the curtains, I can see his gorgeous face angled towards me as he sleeps. It may be creepy, but I'm probably still half drunk, so I prop myself up on my elbow and just watch him for a while. There is nothing better than seeing someone without any pretense; without any masks or walls.

There are no frown lines, no stress. His face looks flawless, much like the way he was on the first night I saw him on the train. He was sex on a stick hot, every girl's wet dream (yes, they can, and do, happen!)

I can't resist touching him, so I don't.

I run the back of my hand across his jaw, enjoying the roughness of his day old stubble as it scrapes against my skin. My body heats as I imagine other places where I'd love him to rub his prickly cheek against.

The tell-tale flush of desire rushes through me, my breathing increases as my hand drifts down his neck onto his chest which rises and falls steadily as he sleeps. I rake my nails through the small smattering of chest hair he has as he groans softly in reply.

Sitting up on my knees, I lean forward and trace my tongue around his nipple, gently sucking as it hardens in my mouth. Repaying the favor to the other side, my heavy br**sts drag across his chest before I feel his hands reaching up and cupping them between us.

I look down and see two sleepy hooded eyes staring back at me.

"C'mere, gorgeous," he whispers, his voice husky with sleep and need.

I move my body so that I'm lying on top of him, his hardening length pressing into my soft stomach as I gently grind my hips against his. And when I bend my head down, and our lips finally meet, I hold nothing back. Knowing he's awake now, all I want him to do is feel how much I need him, how much I want this. I want to use my body to say the words that I feel but can't yet say.

Stroking my tongue against his, I rest my elbows on either side of his head, dragging my fingers through is hair, pulling him closer to me as our lips continue to taste each other, unable to get enough.

I pull away and look down at him, arching my back as he runs his hands up my body and cupping my cheeks. "Are you feeling better?" he asks roughly, his voice laced with desire.

"Yes, and I want this. I really want this," I murmur against his jaw as I pepper kisses down his neck. I hear him groan when I slide my body down against his, trailing my tongue along his abdominals, around his navel and down the 'oh so happy' trail to his rock hard c**k which is waiting for me, calling to me. I continue my assault, licking his entire length down and up again before grazing my teeth lightly against the head and pulling it into my warm mouth. I feel his body shudder as I take him deep, bobbing my head up and down, easing him deeper with every stroke.

"God, baby, that is so f**king good," he hisses between groans and words of encouragement. He hooks his arms under mine and pulls me up against him, taking my mouth with a desperate hunger. It's like he can't get enough of me.

"I need to be inside you, gorgeous. I need to feel you."

"Yes," I moan out as he lifts me up, taking my hard nipple in his mouth and laving it with his tongue.

He rolls me over and enters me in one smooth deep thrust. God, I've missed this. It feels right, like two lost puzzle pieces that click together.

"Fuck, yes," I moan as he thrusts deep again. He leans forward, taking my mouth as our hips rock against each other in a slow and steady rhythm. It feels like he's relishing in the feeling of us being together like this again, and God knows I can't get enough of it. I don't want this to end. This isn't just sex, and it definitely isn't f**king. This is slow, sensual...this is what it might be like to make love.

The feeling overwhelms me as I feel the exquisite climactic quivers deep inside me, the waves of pleasure roll through me, building up with every painfully slow stroke of Daniel's body against mine.

"Come with me, baby. I can feel your pu**y pulsing around me, come for me, gorgeous," he murmurs before kissing me deeply, tangling his tongue with mine, stifling my cries as I fall apart, coming hard and fast as he groans through his own release, filling me to the hilt.

We lie there, still connected, not wanting to break away from each other. He rests his forehead against mine as he catches his breath. I look up at him, tears in my eyes as the emotion of the moment hits me.

"Hey, why are you crying?"

"I feel it," I whisper, hoping that it wasn't just me.

He lifts his hand to my cheek, wiping away my tears with his thumb and smiling down at me. "Gorgeous, you've finally caught up. We just made love, except this time you were totally there with me."

I nod back at him, the right words for the moment escaping me.

"And just so we're clear, I love you, Mac. I love you so damn much that even if you hadn't come back, I would have come after you. I would've fought like hell until you realized that you wanted this too."

My whole body flinches when it hits me that he's just told me he loves me. I should be happy, my heart should feel full. So why do I suddenly feel like the walls are closing in on me? I start crying again.

"Hey, I didn't mean to make you cry."

"You didn't, I'm not, it's just... this is all kind of overwhelming for 3 in the morning. Especially when I'm stuck in the no man's land between being half drunk and hung over."

"Well then, some of that I can help you with. I'll go get you a glass of water, and we can get back to sleep. Can't have you caught in no man's land all night," he adds, kissing my nose before shifting off me.

"Okay," I whisper, lifting my head to brush my lips softly against his once more. "Thank you."

"For what?" he asks with a puzzled look.

'For being you."

He smiles and kisses my nose before shifting off me. I wince as he pulls out and gets up out of the bed, not missing the opportunity to admire his fine naked ass as it walks past me.

"But for the record, Mac, you can wake me up like that anytime."

I roll over on my side and curl my legs up.

He's rendered me speechless. Unable to deal with the myriad of feelings rushing through me, I choose to get up and get dressed, sitting on the edge of the bed. I've just finished slipping my heels on when he walks back in the room, frowning when he realizes that I'm about to leave.

"Gorgeous, what do you think you're doing?"

"Ah, I need to go," I say quickly and shakily.

"Mac, sit your ass down and talk to me." Well that surely got my attention. I look up at him and see him standing in front of me, naked as the day he was born, arms crossed in front of his chest and a stern look on his face. He almost looks pissed off.

"I ne...ed to go home," I repeat, looking up at him warily. He's God damn intimidating when he wants to be.

"You don't know what you want, Mac. Is that what this is about? After what just happened between us, what you just felt between us, you're going to run again?" He shakes his head and walks over to his closet, grabbing a pair of shorts and pulling them on. Thank God! I can't think straight with his naked body on display like that.

"I need time. I thought I was ready, that I could do this, but I can't. I'm sorry. I'm just..." I pause, trying to think about exactly what it is I'm trying to say. "Daniel, you are a forever guy, and I'm just not in that place to embrace whatever this is going on between us and run with it. I wish I could do that for you, but I can't."

I stand up and walk over to him, reaching up on my tip toes to brush my lips against his briefly. He wraps his arm around my waist and holds me close to him as he deepens the kiss. It's a kiss of promise, a kiss with possibilities, and sadly, a kiss that represents everything that could lay before me if I could only trust it.

"I'm sorry," I whisper as I pull away and walk towards the door.

"Not as sorry as I am. But Mac?" he says, making me pause by the bedroom door and look back at him.

"As hard as this is for me to say, don't come back to me until you figure out what you want and who you want it with because I'm getting sick of watching you walk away."

And with tears in my eyes, I turn away from him and commence the walk of shame.

Chapter 21 - "When I Grow Up"

"He said what?" Kate asks when I see her at home later than morning.

I shrug, not trusting myself to say anything else without losing the fragile hold I have on my emotions right now. As it is, I've had to bite my lip a few times since I woke up to stop myself from crying.

I'm not a crier, but something broke inside me last night. Drunk or not, a booty call to Daniel was the last thing I thought I'd do, but yesterday was too much. Seeing him with Nikki made me jealous as hell, then when Zander kissed me at the bar, I was not in the right head space to deal with it. So I went to the place I felt safe, the place I truly wanted to be, with my Superman.

"So what happened?" she asks with a frown, snapping me out of my thoughts. One of Kate's most endearing qualities is that she is fiercely protective of her friends, and especially me.

"I'm not exactly sure, because I am hung over and last night's events are still kind of hazy. But I turned up on his doorstep drunk, then he made me talk. I told him about Beau, and why I haven't wanted a relationship until now, and proceeded to throw up all over his bathroom before falling asleep in his shower. I woke up later in his bed, and I jumped him."

"You jumped him? While you were still drunk? Mac!"

"It was more than just sex. We made love, like full on emotional connection, heart palpitations, the 'L word on the tip of my tongue' kind of sex. Hell, he told me he loved me, and I burst into tears!"

She gets up from the breakfast bar in the kitchen and walks over to me, sitting down beside me on the couch before wrapping her arms around me. And I lose it. I let it all out, my confusion, my heart ache, everything I'd been holding in for a good few years. "Hon, it is going to be alright. But you gotta admit, you do keep running and closing yourself off to him."

"Seriously? You're siding with him?" I ask her, pulling back and looking at her through my now red puffy eyes. A broken heart and a hangover. This day is going to suck.

"Mac, c'mon, he's just trying to protect himself," she replied, and suddenly it all made sense to me.

I knew what I had to do to get past this speed bump, this love life road block. I just hope I still get the chance to be with Daniel at the end of all this.

It's been three weeks since I left Daniel's apartment. After I poured my heart out to him and admitted my feelings. Since we made love for the first time and since I ran from him, again.

He hasn't tried to contact me. Not that I expected him to. Given that the last thing he said to me was "I'm getting sick of watching you walk away," it's no surprise he's been MIA. In the meantime, I've been focusing on the important things, like work, home, and most of all, looking at things I need to deal with in order to truly move forward.

I've been feeling like I'm stuck in no man's land, and not of the drunken variety. I can't return to my old habits, that much is obvious. I don't want to date anybody else, let alone sleep with anyone other than Daniel. He is the one I want. But how can I prove that to him when I keep running in the opposite direction? I need to give myself to him without freaking out. For God's sake, he's not another Beau Gregory. Why can't I trust it and him?

In order to fully commit to Daniel and our relationship, I must be sure there are absolutely no reservations. I owe him that much.

So that's what I've been doing for the past few weeks. Focusing on work, going to the gym, and spending time at home. At Kate's urging, I've also written a list of people I need to see, and issues I need deal with.

The first three people on the list are Noah, Sean and Zander. I need to talk with each of them and end the 'benefits.' It was fun while it lasted, but I can't keep having casual f**k buddies if I want to commit to someone, to Daniel. And it hasn't been that hard for me. I haven't slept with any of them since I first met Daniel on the train three months ago, Daniel gave me everything I wanted and needed in that department.

My logic is that by escaping the habits of my past, I might be able to see the future more clearly and not be so afraid of it.

That's the theory anyway, and Kate agrees. She's totally on board with this plan on mine.

First up is Sean.

Mac: Can you come over to my place, I need to talk to you.

Sean: Sounds ominous considering I've never been to your place.

Mac: Not ominous, just need to talk.

Sean: Sure thing, baby doll. Everything okay?

Mac: It will be. Talk when you get here.

That was an hour ago. True to form, and on time, I hear him knock at the door.

"Hi," I say meekly when I open the door. He looks as formidable and domineering as ever. His 6 ft. 2 frame fills the door frame with ease, but what really gets me is the concern in his eyes. There's none of the heat that normally fills me with longing. He's frowning, and he looks worried. Mr. Dom is never worried.

"Come in." I gesture as he steps inside, turning to close the door behind us. It's Saturday afternoon, and Kate has a late client, so we have the house to ourselves. Despite all of my dramas, I've noticed she's been acting a bit strange since that night I left her at the bar with Zander. Whenever I ask her about it, she brushes me off and changes the subject. Very unlike her, but I've yet to call her out on it because I've been too focused on working out the mess that is now my love life.

"Would you like a drink or something? I've got a nice red in here somewhere," I ask, walking towards the kitchen.

"That would be great, Mac." He seems uncomfortable, so not Sean's way. "So what's wrong, baby doll? You in need of my services?"

I choke and start coughing, looking up at him in disbelief. "What?"

"I mean legal services, Mac, not the other kind. Although, if you ask me, you do look like you need a little action." That sexy grin of his makes an appearance, but I realize that it's not having the desired effect. There's no heat, no warmth, no slutty devil on my shoulder telling me to submit.

"As tempting as that is, I can't. I wanted to talk to you face to face, to explain that I can't do this anymore." Shit! This is harder than I thought.

I see his eyes widen in recognition, then a quick puzzled look before he recovers. "You've found someone." His eyes soften as a sly smile grows over his lips.

I nod, biting my lip as I try to hold back tears as he walks over to me and wraps his arms around me... I melt into him, fisting my hands in his shirt as he hugs me close. I feel safe with Sean. But it was never anything more than sex, more like the chance to give up all control to him for a few hours, escape the stresses and realities of my life. If anything, Sean has been cathartic.

"It's about time, baby doll. You deserve to be happy, you deserve to be loved. You deserve this." He kisses my forehead and places his hands on the top of my arms, pulling me away. "So why the long face?"

"I...um...I've already run from him twice. I'm not sure he still wants me and my baggage. And then there's you guys. I'm going to miss you," I say, sniffing my nose and wiping my eyes.

"I'm always going to be here for you. Just not in that way and I'm okay with that. We were always friends first and foremost, and I'm not disappearing just because we're not having that kind of fun together anymore. It's going to be okay." He kisses my forehead and that just starts me crying again as I remember all the times Daniel would kiss my nose and then my forehead, his little claiming ritual that always made me feel cherished.

"Well, I'm going to pass on that drink. I think you need some time to yourself. But if I may say one thing, baby doll, don't ever think you don't deserve to be happy. Whatever happened in the past belongs in the past. Learn from it, grow, and move on. Don't let it determine your future." He kisses my cheek and walks out the door.

My Mr. Dom no more.

Since I am on a roll, I decide it's time to face Zander. He's called me a couple of times since that night at the bar. I know I owe him an explanation, but to be honest, I've been avoiding him. I pull my big girl panties on and send him a text.

Mac: Hey, Zan. You wanna meet up for a drink later?

Zander: And she finally returns to the land of the living! Where have you been, and why have you been avoiding me?

Mac: Sorry, been busy with work and stuff. So tonight?

Zander: I have a gig at 8. Can we meet after 9?

Mac: Sure, where?

Zander: At the club? Is Kate coming with you?

Mac: Probably not, I think she has a date. See you then.

With my plans for the evening made, I set about finishing my chores and waiting for Kate to come home from work. She gets home around five to find me sitting on the couch cross-legged, drinking hot chocolate and reading a new romance novel on my kindle.

"Hey, babe, grab a glass of wine and come chill out with me," I say as she dumps her purse on the kitchen counter.

"You are a life saver, Mac. Today has been hell. It's prom season. You know what that means. Every high school girl wants their hair up. It feels like my heels have melted to my feet!"

"Well, it sounds like you deserve that wine then."

She plops down beside me and cradles her wine glass likes it's a newborn baby. "Hmm, you know that I'll always need you," she coos at the glass as she takes a big gulp and smiles, murmuring words of appreciation under her breath. "You're an angel, Mac, you know that?"

"I know. It's hard being this good," I say in jest, earning a giggle.

"So, enough about me. How's your day been?" She spins herself on the couch so that she's facing me with her legs crossed.

"I did the chores as you can see." I throw my hand out like a game show host, displaying the sparkling clean living room as the grand prize which makes her giggle. "And then I asked Sean to come over-"

"Mac, you didn't!"

"No, I didn't, thank you very much! I told you I was going to sort myself out, and I meant it. He came over so that I could end the benefits side of our arrangement in person. I just felt better doing it face to face, that's all."

She leans forward, putting her glass on the coffee table and shuffles over towards me, wrapping her arms around my shoulders and giving me the world's tightest cuddle. "Can't. Breathe. Hon."

Sorry. I'm just so proud of you, babe. You're learning." She praises me like I've just got first prize or something.

"I'm definitely trying, but it's hard. I can't stop thinking about Daniel. I grabbed my phone twice today, and had to stop myself from calling him, texting him, sending out a freaking SOS sign and asking for my superhero to come save me."

"Mac, we've talked about this. You need to sort yourself out first so that you can show him that he is everything you need and want and that you won't run again. With Daniel, I think it is definitely a case of 'three strikes and you're out'."

"Yeah, I know," I sigh. "Zander's up next. I'm meeting him tonight at the club."

Kate stops mid mouthful and looks at me warily before quickly swallowing and putting her glass down, grabbing the remote in the process.

"Anything good on the box?" she asks, changing the subject. That is strange!

"Kate, why do you act weird whenever I mention Zan?"

"What do you mean?" she asks with an uncomfortable chuckle.

"Exactly that! Did he try something that night I left you at the bar with him? Cause honest to God, he's a good guy hon, but if he made you feel uncomfortable or anything I'll f**king cut his-"

"No! Nothing like that, Mac. He was a perfect gentleman. I was drunk, he brought me home and made sure I was okay, then left. "

"So why have you been acting weird whenever I mention his name?"

"I don't know." She looks away again, looking uncertain about the conversation. Vowing to talk to Zander about it later, I let it go. It's obvious she's not going to tell me, so I'll get it out of the man of the hour tonight.

A few hours later, I leave Kate at home to meet up with Zander at the Pink Monkey. It's his hangout of choice these days, and I can see why. After meeting him outside, we're ushered in, and he grabs us a couple of drinks before leading me to one of the VIP cabanas lining the far wall. The white curtains are sheer, but still give the feeling of privacy. Unlike the last time I was alone with Zander, I'm not nervous. Funnily enough, I feel at peace.

He's been the perfect gentleman so far. Apart from giving me a peck on the cheek when I arrived, and guiding me towards the bar by placing his hand on the small of my back, there has been none of his predictable and usually welcomed flirty behavior and dirty talk. I'm sure he knows what I want to talk to him about. Zander may be many things, but he is wise beyond his years.

Taking a seat opposite me on the white leather bench seat, he leans back and rests his arm on the top of the seat, lifting his leg to rest his ankle on his knee. I shake my head, earning a grin.

"What?" he asks with a smirk.

"You know what."

"Yeah, I do. I can't help it. It's what I do, Mac."

"And you do it so damn well. No wonder you get paid to flirt."

I notice his smile fade and his body tense up. Shit! What did I say wrong?

"There's more to me than just a pretty face and a fit body. You of all people should know that," he says curtly.

"Of course, Zan. Hey, where's this coming from?" I ask, shocked by his overreaction.

"It's nothing, don't worry about it."

"No, don't dismiss me. What's going on?" I'm not letting this one slide. Zander is one of the most down to earth guys you could ever meet. He has never felt the need to defend his profession to anyone, especially me.

He takes a long swig of his bottle of Corona, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. "I'm thinking about a change of scenery, work wise." He looks over the table at me intently, gauging my reaction.

"Wow, Zan, that is awesome. I know you've wanted to branch out for a while now. So what do you wanna do then?"

"I've just been accepted into the Chicago Police Department's basic recruit training," he says cautiously, watching me closely for a reaction.

"Zander, that is f**king fantastic news. Holy crap, you're gonna be a cop!" I shriek ecstatically as I jump up and move around the table to hug the life out of him.

He wraps his free arm around me, returning my hug with equal enthusiasm while sighing with relief.

"Hey," I say, standing up and moving back a step to look at him. "Why the hell were you holding your breath? I'm not that scary."

"No, but honestly, you're the first person I've told. I only found out today," he says sheepishly.

I whack his arm with the back of my hand before moving back to my seat. "Dude, you're gonna be a cop. That is awesome! Now that deserves a toast!" I clink my glass against his beer bottle and go to take a sip, but the smell of the lemon drop makes me cringe before it's even hit my lips.

Zander sees me put my glass down on the table without drinking from it and looks over at me with a puzzled expression. "What's wrong?"

"I dunno. Just don't feel like it for some reason."

"You okay, Mac? You said you wanted to talk to me?"

"Ah, yeah," I say, shifting in my seat, my earlier bravado dissipating.

"Everything okay?" he asks, concern covering his face.

"Yeah, I mean no, but... oh!" I brush back my hair from my face, trying to summon up the courage to say the words I mean to say. "I can't have sex with you anymore," I spit out, covering my eyes with my hands, bracing myself.

"I know."

My eyes snap open, and I look over at him. "You know?"

He chuckles. "Yeah, Mac. I got that impression when you froze up a few weeks ago when I kissed you, and how you couldn't get home quick enough. When I dropped Kate home later that night and you weren't home, I figured something was up."

"Oh." I should have known he'd pick up on my awkwardness.

"So, I'm guessing you've met someone, or you're not feeling it with me anymore. Either way, I'm okay with it, babe. We're friends first, the mind blowing sex was just an added bonus," he adds with a wink.

I can't help but grin. "Wow, this is a lot easier than I thought." I'm actually relieved. I should have known that Zander would be the easiest to talk to. He always has been. Maybe it's that we're close in age, or simply that it's always been casual between us. No schedule, no planning, always spur of the moment kind of thing.

"So, which is it?" he asks, snapping me back into reality.

"Ah, a guy. He's kind of thrown me for a loop."

"Thought so," he muses, smiling as he lifts his beer bottle. "About damn time."

"What do you mean?" I ask, floored by what he just said.

"You've been rather quiet for the past few months, and you turned me down a few weeks ago. The Mac I know wouldn't do that if she wasn't being turned inside out by a man. And you deserve that, babe. You're a catch, a hot little pocket rocket of awesome that deserves to be loved." The smile on his face when he says that is indescribable. He looks happy for me, truly happy.

"I hope so," I say forlornly.

"Hey now, why the long face? You should be glowing. Maybe a little bit girly, giggly even?"

I quirk an eyebrow at him questioningly. "Girly and giggly, Zan? Me?"

"If he makes you happy, then yeah, girly and giggly. That's how my sisters act when they're mooning over a boy."

"I'm not a teenager Zan."

"You know what I mean."

"He does make me happy. Well, he did, but then I ran away. Twice. The last thing he said was not to come back until I know what and who I want."

"Dude! What did you do?"

"Freaked out when he told me he loved me."

"That'll do it," he mutters.

"Anyway, enough about me. What is going on between you and Kate?"

He chokes on his beer. "What do you mean?"

"I mean, why does she change the subject when I mention your name. You didn't f**k her, did you? Cause that would be kinda gross in a 'stirring the pot' kind of way."

"No, I didn't sleep with her, and thanks for the visual, by the way. There was a situation at the bar, we dealt with it, and I dropped her home. End of."

"End of? What happened? She won't talk about it, or you."

His face drops. "She doesn't want to talk about me?"

"She just changes the subject back to me. Did you come on to her, and she rejected you?"

"Hell no!" he says vehemently. "Kate is a knock out. A real firecracker. I'd be a fool not to see that but no I didn't, and she didn't. Just leave it Mac, I'm sure she's fine. She was really drunk, and she's probably just embarrassed."

"Okay, if you say so," I retort skeptically.

"So, tell me about this man who has conquered the fortress known as Makenna Lewis' heart." And with a cheeky grin and a sparkle in his eye, Zander has just done the impossible. Render me speechless and make me smile at the same time.

Chapter 22 - "Change is Gonna Come"

7 a.m. starts suck ass. Or balls. Yeah, big hairy smelly balls, that is what 7 a.m. starts are like. Especially when you're feeling sick. And that's me this morning. I know I must be a sight to behold too. I dare not look in the mirror because I know I look just as bad, if not worse, than I feel.

My head is throbbing, my stomach feels like it has been turned inside out, and the smell of anything is making me dry retch. It's been getting steadily worse over the past few days, and I've been burying my head in the sand and fight against the nagging thoughts in my head. It's just not possible.

Not a chance in hell.

So I'm on my second bottle of water for the day already, and all it's doing is making me pee constantly. All I do is sleep and pee and work. Occasionally, I'll eat if I absolutely have to and the smell of the food I'm shoving in my mouth doesn't make me gag, but I'm pretty much a sick shell of Mac. Kate's worried about me and she's already suggested I get checked out today during my shift, but I hit the ground running as soon as I arrived and haven't had a chance to sit down, let alone see a doctor for a check-up.

After finally catching a break and spending a spare few minutes to catch up on my patient charts at the nurse's station, I look up to see a grinning Noah staring down at me.

"Hey, stranger," he says cheerfully before frowning. "Shit, you look like hell. Why are you still working?"

"Hi to you too!" I reply snarkily before sighing and resting my hand under my chin to stop my head crashing down onto the desk in front of me. "I'm sure I'm okay. Just tired and nauseous. I'll be right after a few days off from this place."

"How's Daniel? I haven't heard from him in over a month. He's not answering calls or texts or anything. Keeping my boy busy I take it?"

Damn. He hasn't told Noah that we broke up, or that we had a non-break up before I turned up and confessed my deepest secrets to him before running away, again.

"Ah yeah, something like that," I say, dismissing him.

"Everything's okay with you two, right? Seriously, Mac, I wouldn't have believed it unless I'd seen it with my own eyes, but he's happy, and it is all because of you. I never thought it would happen for either of you."

God, that hurts to hear. Will I ever be ready to face the giant hole in my heart where Daniel Winters used to be? Where he should still be.

Scratch that.

Where he's always going to f**king be.

"Don't worry, WD. We're all good."

"Shit, we're back to the WD thing, are we?" he says, rubbing the back of his neck with his hand just like Daniel does when he's uncomfortable or nervous. Dammit, why can't I stop thinking about the man? Day and night, everything reminds me of him. It's likes water torture to my heart.

"Hey, we may not be sleeping together anymore, Taylor, but you'll always be WD to me," I add with a wink.

He chuckles. "Yeah, well I think we had a good run of it. But there was always gonna be a time when it didn't suit one of us anymore."

"Yep."

"What about the others?" he asks inquisitively.

"There are no others, not anymore. There haven't been since I met Superman, I mean, Daniel." Damn slip of the tongue. Oh Superman's tongue. Now there is something I do miss, not as much as the man himself, but a close second or third definitely. The things he can do when he....

"Mac?" Noah's voice cuts through my errant thoughts, bringing me back to the now.

"It's good to see you settling down. And I'm glad you're with someone like Winters. He'll treat you right. You know that, don't you?"

Who would have thought The Walking Dildo could be so caring?

I look up at him, struck by the sincerity staring back at me. "Yeah, I do."

"Good. Well, I better get back. I'm due in the OR in twenty minutes."

Then it hits me. Like a giant wrecking ball to the gut.

"Shit!" I jump up, covering my mouth with my hand as I race past Noah and straight towards the nearest trash can I can find, emptying the entire contents of my stomach in the middle of the ICU.

"Mac, are you okay?" he asks, immediately rushing to my side and grabbing my hair while I continue to dry retch.

"I think you need to go home, hon." He reaches around and feels my forehead. "No fever. Have you been feeling off for a while?"

"Probably the last week. Just really tired, and then feeling really shitty when I eat. And the smell of anything seems to put me off food completely."

The man beside me chuckles. He has the audacity to laugh at my illness.

"What? Why the hell are you laughing? Does this look funny?" I say, pointing towards the vomit filled trash can.

"Mac, you need to go up to obstetrics and have a test."

I gasp. What the hell? "No Noah, there is no way I'm pregnant. I have an IUD, remember? And I haven't had sex in-"

"What?"

Oh, good one loud mouth McGee. Let the cat out of the bag why don't you? "Ah, nothing. I'll be fine. Thanks for helping, but I'll go clean up and head home."

"Mac" he growls. "You can't ignore this. Go get tested. I'll even take you up myself."

"Noah I'm-"

"No. Don't fight me on this. Go get tested, then I can breathe easy knowing that it's nothing other than the start of morning sickness. Damn, I can't wait to give Dan a ribbing for getting one past the goalie. "

"No, you can't!" I shout, a bit louder than planned.

"What? He'll be over the moon, Mac. He's always wanted kids. And the way he looks at you, I can tell he's already imagined having them with you. It's written all over his face." He explains.

"I'll go get tested, just to shut you up. But you can't say anything to Daniel. Not yet. I'll wait to see if there is anything to tell him first. You have to promise me, Noah." I'm pleading now. This whole situation has turned into a shit fight of epic proportions.

"Okay, but you let me know what they say because I'll bet my ass that you're pregnant, with a Winters' child no less. The damn baby will be in Bears' gear before it's even born." He chuckles before leaning over and kissing my temple. "Get checked and page me. I'll only be in the OR for an hour or so. I'll see you afterwards, okay?" he asks with a quirked brow. Noah is like a dog with a bone on this, and I know he won't let it go until I tell him yes.

"Yes, I'll page you. Now go. Be a doctor. Save a life and all that." I shoo him away and walk towards the ladies room to freshen up.

Two hours later I'm planted on the couch at home, staring at the blank television screen in shock.

Pregnant. I'm f**king pregnant. Again. Four and a half years after the guilt of losing my first baby consumed me, I'm facing the same predicament again.

Alone, pregnant, and scared shitless.

The difference this time is that there is no way I'm not having this baby. Daniel isn't Beau. He is as far from Beau as anyone can be. Picture Mother Theresa and the Devil, that is the wide expanse that is the difference between Daniel Winters and Beau Gregory.

I know that whatever happens, or doesn't happen between the two of us, Daniel will always be there for his child.

But I can't tell him. Not yet.

He'll want me back, but it will just be for the baby, and we both deserve more than that. Having paged Noah as promised after my appointment, we found a spare on call room, and he held me while I cried my eyes out. I didn't tell him that I wasn't with Daniel anymore. I just said I was in shock. Who would think that I would be in the 1% of people who actually get pregnant with an IUD on board.

Not me!

After peeing on the stick, the lines came up pretty much straight away, confirming that I was indeed very pregnant. Then the clinic nurse came in and drew some blood before the doctor instructed me to change into a gown and lay down on the bed. I put my feet into the stirrups on the bed and the doctor explained that she needed to perform an ultrasound to check on the position of my IUD to determine whether it was safe to remove it. When she located the IUD and the amniotic sac containing my baby, she safely removed the offending, and total failure of a contraception device from inside of me and instructed me to get dressed again. Once she'd given me instructions to get some prenatal vitamins and enough information pamphlets to inform a third world country, I was told to make an appointment in six weeks' time for a scan at the end of my first trimester.

Me, Makenna Lewis. Age 24. From Chicago, Illinois.

Pregnant.

Again.

I left work after my appointment, somehow making it home on the L and walking the few blocks to our place before setting myself down on the couch and staring at the blank television. I've been sitting here for the past twenty minutes reevaluating the current state of my life.

This was the last thing I thought I'd have thrown at me. But what's the saying, when life gives you lemons, mix with tequila and salt and have a f**king good time? Well since I can't partake in my friend Jose for the next nine months, I might as well make lemonade.

And then there's Daniel.

a.k.a. My Baby Daddy.

How am I supposed to tell him? I don't want him to take me back because of some obligation to his child. It would always be at the back of my mind. I would always think that he is with me because I'm carrying his baby.

People successfully raise children apart all the time these days, it can be done, but I do want him back. Every step I've taken in the past three weeks has been towards making myself worthy for him, becoming the woman he deserves me to be. Not a scared hollow shell of a woman who holds men at length to protect herself.

It's in that moment that I know what I have to do. I grab the phone and dial the number that I long ago committed to memory. It rings a few times in my ear before it's picked up. My heart is beating out of my chest. This is like history repeating itself.

"Mom, I'm coming home."

Chapter 23 - "Daughters"

I rent a car and start the two hour drive out to my parents' house. It's been a while since I've been out to see my folks, but we constantly call each other and since moving back from Ohio four years ago, things have been great.

They always accepted my relationship with Beau, but I knew they didn't like it. They've always wanted me to be happy, and as Dad always told me, "as long as you're happy, Kenny, we're happy."

And I thought I was happy. I truly did.

I'm a bundle of nerves now. Noah knows I'm pregnant, I know I'm pregnant, and soon Kate will know I'm pregnant too. I left Kate a note asking if she could come visit me this weekend. I'll know when she reads the note because she'll start blowing up my phone.

The last time I ran back home like this was when I left Beau. Kate picked me up from the airport and drove me straight out there. I stayed with my parents for two weeks while I tried to piece myself back together. Kate staged an intervention and kidnapped me after that, moving me into her townhouse and telling me I had to start living or else life would leave me behind. So that's what I did. I went back to school, finished my training and got a job at Northwestern. And the rest, they say, is history.

Before I left, I called my boss and explained the situation. She wrote me off for the week, telling me to take care of myself and always make sure I had saltine crackers and ginger ale nearby to help combat the morning sickness.

Here's the thing I've found with being pregnant. Everyone wants to give you advice. When I went to the pharmacy to get my prenatal vitamins, the middle-aged shop assistant took great pleasure in patting my non-existent baby bump and asking me all the important details.

How far along are you?

When are you due?

Is your husband over the moon?

I got my own back, though. The look on her face when I explained how lucky I was not to be an elephant with a two year gestation period was priceless. As was my parting comment about not knowing who the father is "Because I went through a particularly slutty phase four weeks ago," definitely didn't slip by unnoticed. I had a huge smile on my face when I walked out of the store with a bag of pills and a brochure she'd slipped in the bag about STDs. Fucking hilarious!

I pull into my parent's driveway and feel a wash of calm instantly come over me. This is home. This is where I feel centered, where I feel anchored. It doesn't matter what is going on, or the confusing situation I now find myself in with the baby, and Daniel, and not knowing how to go about getting him back.

I know Mom and Dad will help me, and that's what I need right now. Parental wisdom by the bucket load.

"Kenny!" I hear my dad yell out as I step out of my rental. Dumping my bag at the bottom of the porch steps, I take them two at a time and rush into his open arms, bursting into tears the moment his arms wrap tightly around me.

"Baby girl," he murmurs as I hiccup and snort in his ear. The emotion of the past month overwhelms me.

"Hi, Daddy," I say, pulling back and wiping my face and nose on my sleeve in a most unladylike way.

"Why the tears?"

"Happy to see you?" I say, smiling through the tears.

"I call bullshit."

"I do too," I say sadly.

"A boy?" he asks all knowing.

"THE boy."

"Well, it's a good thing you've come home then, isn't it? We'll get you sorted out lickety split. Your mom's even made pot roast for supper."

"I've missed you guys so much," I say, starting to tear up again. Damn pregnancy hormones. What the hell?

"Hey now, my Kenny has never been much of a crier. A yeller, a screamer, and yes, a bit of a scrapper, but never a crier."

"Yeah well, I think that's about to change. Let's get inside so I can tell you and Mom together."

With furrowed brows and a long stare, he nods towards the door before grabbing my bag from the bottom of the steps and following me inside.

"Makenna? Is that you?" I hear my mom call out from the kitchen. I follow the sound of her voice until I see her standing by the kitchen counter, her face beaming the moment she sees me.

"Oh my lord, baby girl. I swear you get more beautiful every day."

"Mom...." I wrap my arms around her and squeeze her tight as I bury my face into her shoulder.

"Mac, what's going on? Are you in trouble or something? Please don't tell me that waste of space Beau Gregory has been bothering you."

"NO! Hell, no! He wouldn't dare, Mom."

"It's a man though, isn't it? You've met someone. I can tell by the look in your eye."

"Yes. And I think I've screwed it all up."

"Never say that, dear. I'll make you a coffee, and we'll talk this all out," she says, turning to put the kettle on.

"Ah, I'll just have a water, please."

"Water?"

"Ah, yeah, I'm trying to cut back on the caffeine," I explain.

"Right. And how's Kate? I miss that pretty girl's face almost as much as yours."

"Yes, that little fire cracker used to always keep us on our toes," Dad comments, joining us in the kitchen.

"She's great. She's working today so couldn't come up with me. And I've got a few days off work now anyway."

"A few days off in the middle of the week, Mac?" Mom murmurs, not missing a beat.

"Ah, well, I've been unwell, so my boss gave me the rest of the week off."

"Really? What's wrong? Have you seen a doctor?" Dad cuts in, putting the back of his hand on my forehead. Forever the worry wart.

"Yes, I have, and I'm okay. Well, I will be. It's kind of what I came here to talk to you about." I take a deep breath, bracing myself for the disappointment, the condemnation.

I go to take a seat, but suddenly stumble as a wave of nausea crashes over me. "Shit" I spit out, running to the kitchen sink and spitting chunks down the drain.

"Mac!" my mother cries behind me as I try waving her off.

Gulp. Way to go, bubba. That's one way to make your presence known, isn't it?

"Come take a seat, sweetheart. I'll get you something to calm your stomach. Is it the stomach flu? You came home for some Mom and Dad TLC?" She looks at me with concern as she wipes my mouth with a wet cloth that my father must have grabbed for her.

"Not exactly," I start to say, pausing while I come up with the right words. "Seems like you're going to be grandparents in about eight months' time."

The whole house goes deathly quiet. You could seriously hear a pin drop it was that f**king quiet.

"Oh, Mac, that is fantastic, baby!" she shrieks in my ear as I'm enveloped in a mom bear hug. "Oh, John, I'm going to be a nana!"

I hear my dad chuckling as he hugs me from behind, and I'm suddenly the meat in a Lewis family sandwich. I immediately feel calm and secure. This why I came home, for this. Exactly this.

"Well I don't know about you, but I definitely need to sit down to absorb this, and I'm guessing you came home because you're a little freaked out about it?" Mom asks, smoothing my hair down and cupping my cheek like she's always done since I was a little girl.

"You know me well," I reply with a small smile.

"Right, well let's just jump straight into Mac freak out level five and pull out the big guns, shall we? John, we need a pillow and a blanket and some tissues. I'll bring in some hot chocolate and cookies. We're gonna hash this out.

"You best be telling me about this boy that's got you in such a tangle too, missy," dad murmurs as he leaves the room.

"Okay, Daddy," I say as I walk through to the living room and set up camp on the couch. This has always been the way that we've dealt with any problems in my life. From my suspension in elementary school for pushing over the school bully who was picking on Kate, to my detention for skipping school with Beau during high school, right up until I came home from Ohio a crying mess with a black eye after my miscarriage four years ago. We all sit on the couch with pillows and blankets and talk it out, the three of us, as it's always been. Of course, Kate has been known to join in, but since I haven't actually told her that I'm knocked up yet, she's still blissfully unaware.

Once we're all set up, Mom looks at me with that knowing look of hers and raises an eyebrow, waiting for me to start. "So, how did this happen?"

"Well, when a guy and a girl like each other, they like to..." I start explaining with a grin.

"Mac, quit it. I know how babies are made. I want to know how my future grandchild was made. Especially since, when I talked to you a month ago, you didn't mention that you were seeing anyone seriously. I thought you were still just seeing those casual friends. You know, what do they call it these days, John?"

"Friends with benefits," he replies deadpan, shifting around and failing to hide his awkwardness in discussing my sex life. Typical dad like behavior.

"Yes, friends with benefits. I thought you just had those. You told me you didn't want a boyfriend."

"Well, I wasn't looking for one, that's for sure. But Daniel kind of snuck up on me."

"Daniel. That's a nice strong name. What's his surname? Where's he from?"

"Dad, I'm not in high school anymore. It's not about who they hang around with and who their family are. He's a great guy, but I've screwed it all up, twice," I say, tears welling in my eyes. What the hell is with all the tears? Am I going to be a great big leaky blimp for the next nine months?

"Now, now, I'm sure it's nothing that can't be fixed. Do you love him?" Mom asks, grabbing my hand and squeezing it gently to reassure me.

"Yeah I do, but just when I thought I'd gotten to a place where I could tell him and actually be with him, I ran away. I think this time, though, I broke his heart the same time I was breaking mine."

"Well, if you love him, and now you're having a baby together, surely you can work it out?" Dad asks, forever the optimist.

"I only found out today, and you're the only people that I've told other than my friend Noah from work."

"You haven't even told Kate?" Mom asks, sounding shocked. "You and Kate tell each other everything."

"I know, and I will, but this whole thing has kind of thrown me for a loop. And what if I miscarry again? I want this baby this time. I don't know if I could handle going through that again."

"We can't know what will happen, Kenny, but if you take it easy and listen to the doctors, I'm sure you'll be fine. But you do need to tell this Daniel fellow that he's going to be a father. He deserves to know. Whether you are together or not, and whether you work this out or not, he will always be a part of your baby's life." Dad finishes off his speech with a kiss on my temple. "But if you love him, and I can tell that you do, you'll find a way. You always do."

I turn to Mom, and she has started crying too. "Oh, Mom, I'm sorry. Please don't cry because of me."

"I'm not. I just forgot how sweet your father is. He's right. If you love Daniel, and you want to be with Daniel, you need to pull your big girl panties on and go get your man. Broken hearts can be mended, mistakes can be forgiven, you just need to admit to them. And anyway, I want to meet this man who made my baby girl fall in love. Because I know you, Mac. He must be one hell of a man for you to break your vow."

"He is. I even think he's part superhero," I whisper to her with a grin.

"Well then, as long as he hides his spandex suit from me, we'll get along just fine," Dad pipes up, making us laugh.

Feeling a lot better about myself and the situation, I manage to eat two helpings of dinner before crawling into bed a little after 8 p.m. just in time for my phone to start blowing up with text messages from Kate.

Kate: What the hell, Mac? Are you okay?

Mac: I'm okay. Need to tell you something, though.

Kate: Tell me now.

Mac: I'll be home on the weekend. You don't have to come.

Kate: Don't be a doofus. Of course I'm coming up. You need me, I'm there. Anytime, anywhere.

Mac: Doofus?

Kate: You sure you're okay, babe?

Mac: I will be. See you tomorrow night. You okay there by yourself?

Kate: Always. Love you, babe.

Mac: Love you too.

Unable to sleep, I lie there on my back, snuggling my childhood covers in my childhood home, and dream of what my life with a child might be like, what I want it to be like, and front and center in my dream is the man I want to share it with.

In a moment of weakness, I grab my phone and type out a text, sending it before I can reconsider what I'm doing. Three weeks of no contact and it takes a surprise pregnancy to spur me on. Go figure.

Mac: Lying in bed staring at the ceiling, and all I can think about is a certain superhero who always makes me feel like I'm the only woman in the room.

Daniel: That's easy because Superman only ever has eyes for Lois Lane

Mac: I want to be that girl. I want to try and be that girl for you.

Daniel: You don't need to try. You're all I ever see, gorgeous

Mac: I'm sorry for not believing in us

That message gets no reply. I guess that means the ball's in my court. Now all I need to do is swallow my pride and get him back once and for all.

Chapter 24 - "Love Hurts"

I spend the next day lazing about with Mom while Dad is working around the farm. We bake, we clean, and then she shows me all of the stuff from my baby box that she has kept. Everything related to me as a baby had been painstakingly preserved and kept.

Mom and Dad tried to have more children after me, but she was diagnosed with secondary infertility so couldn't have any more children. They kept everything they could from my childhood, and I mean EVERYTHING. From the end of my umbilical cord stump that fell off a week after I was born, to the first lock of hair she ever cut off, to the first onesie she ever bought for me after finding out she was pregnant. Mom had even kept all of my baby teeth in named bags. Had it been anyone else, I would have declared them certifiably insane, but as the only child she could ever carry to full term, I love that she cherishes my childhood so much.

After a few tears, and a lot of laughter, I borrow mom's car and drive to the train station to pick up Kate. She caught the first train up here after she finished work. The entire twenty minute drive, I was trying to work out how I was going to tell her. This was something that I'd never even considered happening again. Not until I was married or in a committed relationship, neither of which I was looking for.

Daniel Winters snuck up on me and changed all that. From that first meeting, I knew something was different about him. It wasn't just a physical attraction, there was something else there. He wasn't just a smoking hot volcano of fine, although that was certainly appreciated. It was his spunk. The cocky sense of humor that made me smile whenever he'd text me. His thoughtfulness that makes my heart speed up whenever I saw him. Even the way he'd hold me close when we slept together, like he needed to touch me as much as he needed his next breath.

Everything he gave me was everything I never knew I wanted. And when I did finally catch up to what was going on between us, I ran away. Twice! I can't expect him to take me back now without so much as a fight. And throwing the baby into the mix now...I know he'll do the honorable thing, but I don't want obligation. I don't want him guilted into being with us. I want the whole damn thing. Love, trust, respect, commitment.

I want it all, and I want it with him.

It's because of this that I can't tell him about the baby until I know that the baby is going to stay put inside me. I've miscarried once, and as much as I didn't want that child, it shredded me in two the moment I knew that I'd lost my baby. I would not want to willingly inflict that pain on anyone unnecessarily. So as unfair as it may be, I'll wait until I'm safely into the second trimester and tell him then.

Whatever happens between the two of us after that will be up to fate. Because God knows I'm all out of ideas when it comes to how I can prove to Daniel that he's what I want and that he's who I want it with.

I see Kate's mane of red hair come off the train, then spot her huge smile as she sees me waiting for her on the platform. She stops right in front of me, putting down her tiny travel case and putting her arms on my shoulders, holding me a body length away from her as she examines me from head to toe. "So, no limbs missing, no obvious disfigurations, and you don't seem sick to me. So, what's with the disappearing act, Mac Attack?"

"I knew I couldn't get anything past you," I say with a small grin.

"It's taken you fifteen years to realize this? Now, take me to the nearest cafe, hole in the wall, anywhere that serves coffee, and you're gonna spill your guts to me, missy. We're not going back to the farm until I know and understand every single last detail. Because, honey, it has to be big to make you run."

"Yeah, it's kinda big."

"That's what he said!" Kate and I shout at the same time, cracking up laughing with each other as we entwine arms and walk towards my mom's car.

We find a coffee shop in the middle of town and after ordering hot chocolate and a latte, we claim a couch in the far corner of the shop.

"Spill, Mac. Tell me what's going on? You never call in sick for work, and the last time you came running home for mom and dad comfort was after leaving Ohio. What happened?"

I reach into my purse and pull out one of the pamphlets that the OB doctor gave me, handing it over to my best friend's outstretched hand. I watch her reaction as she reads the front page of the "Pregnancy - What to expect" pamphlet and her eyes widen before she looks up at me, tears welling in her eyes.

"Babe." She wraps her arms around me and envelopes me in a huge hug. "Wow," she says, her voice cracking.

"Yeah, wow," I say quietly with a small smile.

"You're okay with this?"

"I'm actually more than okay with it amazingly."

"Have you told him?"

"No."

"What?" she says a bit too loudly, drawing attention from people sitting around us.

"I couldn't. Not yet anyway."

"He'll be over the moon, you know that. He'll be with you 100%."

"I don't want him to be with me just because I'm carrying his child. I want to be with him for me. The baby is just an awesome bonus."

"He already wants to be with you. You're the one dragging your feet."

"That's what I want to change, but I don't know how. And what if I lose this baby too? It would break his heart all over again. I can't do that. I've hurt him enough."

"So what? You're going to wait until you give birth and turn up on his doorstep saying 'surprise!'," she adds, sounding annoyed.

"No. I just want to wait until I'm past the first twelve weeks, when I know that I'm actually going to be a mom and not another miscarriage statistic."

"Mac, babe. That's unfair," she says straight away.

"No, it's protecting myself, and Daniel. But you know what I've been doing the past few weeks. I've been sorting my life out, trying to grow the f**k up. It's been a long time coming. I want to be worthy of him. I want to be in the right head space so that I'm not tempted to run again."

"You think you can run away from him again? You think he'd even give you that chance?"

"I wanted to change for him. I needed to change. My vow was rash, and I've been holding onto it like a crutch to protect my heart."

"Daniel won't hurt your heart. If anything, you're the one who's been hurting yourself, and him."

"I know, but it's time to let it go and take a chance. This baby is my chance, Kate. I believe that more than you know."

"Well, I'm gonna be there for you every step of the way. You know that, right?"

"I was counting on it," I say with a smile. "Aunty Kate has a nice ring to it, don't ya think?"

"Hell yeah, it does. I'm gonna be the cool aunty. The one who paints her nails and takes her clothes shopping. The one who takes her out for spa days and mommy free time. I'm gonna rock this Aunty gig."

"Her?"

"Of course!" she says with a cheeky grin.

"Do you think I'm doing the right thing by waiting to tell him?"

"No, I think he has the right to know now. But it's not my life, babe, it's yours. Though, if I see that you're f**king this whole thing up and that you're going to lose him by not stepping up, I will call you out on it. You can bet your lily white ass on that."

"I'd expect nothing less." I smile over at her before hugging her again. With Kate by my side, I feel like I can conquer anything. That is the beauty of having a best friend. They'll walk over hot coals with you, they'll tell you when you're being dumb, and they bail you out of trouble, unless they're sitting right beside you in the cell.

"You wanna go back home tomorrow and face the music?" she asks, finishing up her coffee.

"I think I should. I'm still not telling him yet, but I need to start living my life. No more excuses, no holding back, no crutches. It's you, me, and baby makes three. "

"Yep it is, but fingers crossed it will be the four of us in this together. I have a good feeling about this, Mac. I always have."

Chapter 25 - "The Story"

Kate and I headed back to Chicago the next day. My morning sickness was still hitting me hard, but with the tried and true combination of saltine crackers and ginger ale before I got out of bed in the morning, it was lot more bearable.

It's been a few weeks since I found out about my little superhero, and every day I wake up without blood in my panties is a good day. As each day has passed, I've been feeling more and more confident that this is my time. My turn. This baby is meant to stick.

Daniel has been texting and calling me off and on, but I've been ignoring him. I know, I'm a coward. I should have ran over there and told him as soon as I got back in town, but why set myself up for disappointment? I feel like I've taken a good step forward in getting myself ready for him. There are no loose ends now. Sean, Noah, and Zander know that I'm moving forward with my life and that the impossible has happened.

Makenna Lewis has fallen in love with a man.

But now, being a gutless wonder, I'm hiding away from that very same man until I know for sure that we will be having a baby together. Our first child, a little caramel-eyed boy, or maybe a brown haired blue eyed girl like me. My heart aches on a daily basis too. I miss him like I miss my next breath. I never thought I'd feel like this.

I thought I loved Beau, but my feelings for him pale in comparison to what I feel for Daniel. I want to be strong for him. I want a lifetime of spooning and forking, lazy Sunday mornings in bed, Bears' games and tailgating, ferris wheel rides and walks by the lake. I want all of that with him, but I can't tell him any of this until I'm past the first trimester.

One in four pregnancies end in miscarriage. I've been through that pain, and I would never willingly inflict that on anyone. Especially him.

So I'm waiting.

I know Kate doesn't understand. She's actually pissed off at me for not telling him. She says he deserves to know and that my reasoning is stupid.

"He wants you now, baby or no baby, Mac. Why the hell would he not want you now that you're carrying his child? A child you created the night he told you he loved you. It's not going to change the way he feels about you. He'll want you even more. Christ, Mac, stop being a f**king martyr," she said last night before going to bed and shutting her door.

Her heart's in the right place, and deep down I know she's probably right, but I'm sticking to my guns. Three more weeks to go and I will tell him. I've even circled the date in the calendar.

It's another Friday night after a long and tiring week at work, so I'm sitting at home in my Bears' jersey and my comfy pajama pants with my fuzzy pink pig slippers on my feet, and a bar of chocolate within my reach. I'm just about to get up and start on my second tub of Ben and Jerry's Chunky Monkey for the night, when I hear a loud and fast knock at the door.

I look up to check the time on the microwave, and realize that it's only 9 p.m. and way too early for Kate to be back from her first date with Nathan, a personal trainer that she met at the gym who asked her out. The only reason she'd be home this early would be if it had been a bust. I check my phone for the expected SOS text from her, our secret code for when she needs saving with a fake 'come home urgently' phone call, but it's not there.

There is a loud knock at the door again, and I groan as I pull myself off the couch and barrel my way over to the door.

"You should really stop forgetting your keys, Kate. If you weren't a redhead already, I'd seriously swear you were blonde..."

I lose all my train of thought the moment I open the door.

It's not Kate. It's Daniel. Dreamy, gorgeous, and totally edible Daniel. Shit!

"Hi," I say cautiously. He is rubbing the back of his neck with his hand, the thing he only does when he's nervous or angry.

We stand there just staring at each other in my doorway, in the middle of winter, not saying a word. I shiver, snapping out of my haze when I realize that we're still standing out in the cold.

I look up at him, still in shock that he's standing in front of me, in the flesh. "Ah, you wanna come in?" I ask.

"Kind of the whole point of coming over to see you, Mac," he replies deadpan. He looks tense and rigid. Not a good sign.

Moving out of the doorway, I gesture for him to come in. "After you."

"Thanks," he replies, his voice sounding harder than normal. He sounds pissed off, actually. This is so not the Daniel Winters I know. Where has the confident, sometimes cocky, ex-lover slash boyfriend gone? Hell, right now his new name is baby daddy and he hasn't got a clue.

We walk back into the living room and I dump myself back into my sunken couch, grabbing a cushion and cuddling it into my chest. I'm trying to act nonchalant, but I doubt very much that I'm pulling it off. Inside my whole body is screaming, wanting me to tell him that I'm about to change his life as he knows it, and to plead with him to take me back; to apologize for everything I've ever done to hurt him because it is the last thing I ever want to do. The Angel Mac on my shoulder is clapping her hands in glee, and surprisingly, Devil Mac has left the building.

"You wanna sit down?" I ask, looking up at him as he leans against the doorway.

"Nope, I think I'll stay right over here. I need some distance from you for this," he says.

"For what?" I'm confused now. What the hell is going on?

"I think we need to talk, and since you've been avoiding me for the past few weeks, face to face seems to be the only way to get through to you."

"I haven't been-"

"Mac, you're not a liar, please don't start now." He just stands there, his eyes full of anger.

"Why are you so angry, Daniel?" I ask tentatively.

"Why do you think? Were you ever going to tell me?" His voice rocks through me.

"W-what?"

"Or were you going to just shut me out like you do to every other person that cares for you, that loves you?

"Now hang on, I don't-"

"Now you're lying to yourself. You're so damn snug and secure in your neat little box that you've forgotten what it's like to take a chance. I thought you were going to take that chance on me. When you apologized to me a couple of weeks ago, I thought that you had made a decision and that you'd chosen me, but then you all but disappeared."

"Daniel, I-"

"Not now, Mac. Now it's time for you to listen. See, I just ran into Noah at the bar." He pushes off the doorway and starts walking towards me, stopping to sit on the edge of the arm chair right by the couch. He leans forward, resting his forearms on his legs.

"And he said the funniest thing to me. He threw his arm around my shoulder and said that congratulations were in order. At first I thought he was just a bit drunk, and maybe he'd got his wires crossed or something. But then he said how he never thought any man would get you to settle down, and how glad he was that it was me who did it." He still hasn't taken his eyes off me. I can't read anything from his expression, and it's starting to rattle me.

I'm stunned. My mouth falls open, and I'm stuck in a brain freeze. Right now, if there was a fly catching competition, I'd be top of the freaking table.

"See, the thing is, gorgeous, he seems to think that we're having a baby...together."

I'm speechless. All the words I want to say have disappeared. Even Angel Mac has gone into hiding. How did I screw this up so badly?

"Is that right? Are you pregnant?"

"Y-yeah I am."

"And is it mine?"

I gasp. "Of course it is!" My heart is racing, and I can feel my body tense up.

He rakes his hand through his hair again, looking down at his feet as he tries to compose himself. I can see him taking a huge breath, his shoulders lifting and falling as he lets out a huge sigh.

He looks back up at me, and his eyes have softened. "Why didn't you want to tell me? You know how I feel about you, don't you?"

Now it's my turn to stand up. I pace the lounge once, willing myself to say the words. "I don't want to be with anyone else, I haven't been with anyone else since I met you. I've been terrified of losing this baby, of losing another baby, and I love you too much to put you through that pain."

All of a sudden, he's standing in front of me, just inches away from my body. "What did you just say?" he asks softly, cupping my face in his hands.

"I said that I didn't want to put you through the pain of losing a baby."

"No, gorgeous, before that."

"I love you," I whisper.

"Say it again."

"I love you," I repeat, stronger and more sure of myself.

"God, I've dreamed about hearing those words come from your mouth," he says before crashing his lips against mine, delving his tongue into my mouth and kissing me like his life depends on it. I wrap my arms around his neck and lose myself in him.

Pulling away, I see the biggest grin on his face. I decide it's now or never.

"I've been fixing myself. Fixing my life. Trying to get myself in the right head space to be with you because that's all I want, but then I didn't want you to just want to be with me because of the baby. When I found out about our little superhero here..." I rub my hand over my stomach. I'm nowhere near showing, but I've already developed a habit of holding my hand on my belly.

"Our little superhero?" he asks with a grin.

"Ah, yeah, the name kinda stuck," I say with a shrug.

He moves his hands down my body and rests them on top of mine on my stomach, causing my breath to hitch.

"Gorgeous girl, for a smart cookie you can be pretty f**king clueless sometimes. So, I'm gonna lay it out for you one more time. Hell, I'll keep saying it until you start believing it. I've wanted you from the start, and I told you that you were mine. That I would wait. And I've been waiting, gorgeous, but I was about ready to come beat down your door and make you see reason. You're my forever girl. My Lois Lane. You always have been, and if I have my way, you always will be."

I open my mouth in shock. This is more than I could have ever imagined.

"When I got sick of waiting, I tried pushing the issue which only made you move further away. After that night at my apartment, I thought you'd felt it. I thought you realized what we had was real. But then you ran, and a little part of me gave up hope. But I was already in too deep with you, way over my f**king head, and I'm tall. That's pretty deep," he says with a cheeky grin.

"I told you that I loved you so much that I'd keep at you until you realized it, or gave in to my sexy charms. One of the two." He lifts his hands up, cupping my face in his warm, soft hands. "I'm sorry I didn't make you stay and talk it out with you. I was in shock that you were willing to walk away after what we'd experienced that night."

"No, Daniel. I'm sorry I didn't believe in us, or in you enough to fight harder."

"So this is why you've been avoiding me? Because you were scared?"

I nod, unable to stop the tears falling down my face. These pregnancy hormones have a lot to answer for.

"Let's get one thing clear, Mac. I would never be with you just because we're having a baby together. I wanted you before this, and now that there is going to be a mini me I'm beyond happy. I may be a little shocked, but this is without a doubt the second best thing to ever happen to me in my life."

"Second best?" I ask with a smirk.

"The first being the night you dropped your phone on the L," he replies with the biggest grin I've ever seen. "I know it's going to be scary, and there will be a few freak outs, but I'm going to be here for you every step of the way if you'll have me."

There is a tenderness in his eyes that melts me to the core. He almost looks wary, like he's not sure what I'm going to say or do next. It's totally un-Daniel like, and I suddenly want to jump him and kiss the shit out of him.

"My turn now?" I ask. He nods and waits. I lean forward and kiss him again, trying to prove to myself that this is actually real. Daniel is here, in front of me, and I'm not freaking out.

Hell, I'm not freaking out!

After a few minutes of making out like horny teenagers with a curfew, he pulls away just slightly, looking down at me with a huge smile.

"I'm liking these pregnancy hormones. Especially if I get eight more months of you like this."

I pull him close to me, planting soft kisses all over his face, and not stopping until I've kissed everywhere I can reach.

"Superman, you have NO idea."

The End

But Wait...

Epilogue

I don't know about you, but I've always been a bit clueless when it comes to pregnant women.

Until now.

Mac is five months pregnant and is starting to bloom. It makes her even more beautiful, almost radiant. And with all the books she's reading, I'm getting a rapid initiation not only into the world of impending parenthood, but the quirks, beauty, and interesting adaptations that come with any first time pregnancy. I've heard about more swollen body parts, birthing techniques - including how some women have orgasmic births! - and things being cut that just shouldn't be cut.

Mac complains that she is getting fat, making a cute pouty face and telling me that I'll have to roll her in flour to find the wet spot when she's the size of a whale, then chastises me when I crack up laughing at the mental picture that conjures up.

She has always been beautiful and sexy. God, that woman has driven me to my knees more than once. Now that we're together, and she's finally caught up with the fact that we love each other, life has been so much better.

Don't get me wrong, it's not that Mac has really changed, but she's not so skittish. I'm no longer having to watch everything I say or do. I can wrap my arms around her, kiss the shit out of her and tell her I love her without fear that she's going to run the other way screaming. This is progress. And to be honest, a hell of a lot less stressful than the past seven months have been.

She took a while to convince, but in the end the connection we had was too hard for even the stubborn Makenna Lewis to ignore. Our little superhero in waiting did play a big part, but I was getting close to breaking point by the time Noah congratulated me on the baby I didn't even know I was having.

Tonight we're staying at Mac and Kate's place. We watched a birthing video earlier which I had to stop watching because I didn't want to lose my libido completely. If I see another pu**y look like it is pushing out something the size of a watermelon, I'm going to be stuck with a soft on for the foreseeable future.

Now we're in bed, and Mac is lying on her back with my head to her stomach just listening, or trying to listen while I talk to our little superhero (yep, the name kinda stuck). We've decided not to find out the sex. Mac says it's one of the only true surprises in life, and I like the idea of that. With technology becoming so advanced that you can be tracked everywhere, contacted everywhere, find out international events within minutes of them happening, I like the idea that this was the one thing we didn't have to find out. When our baby is born, we'll find out together whether we're having a super hero or heroine (like I said, the name stuck).

Will I have a Chicago Bear in the making that I can teach to play ball? Or will I need to go buy a shotgun to keep everyone away from my little girl?

Something I've been thinking about for a while now is changing our living arrangements. I'm sick of switching between my place and Mac's. I want her in my bed, my apartment, my space. Hell, I want to be able to say our bed and our house for once. We've spoken about it, and I've even brought up the possibility of us buying a house together before the baby is born, but Mac never fails to avoid the question, managing to change the subject every time. Either that or she feigns heart burn, or the baby kicking which is something she knows will never fail to distract me because I'm yet to feel the baby kick.

It frustrates the hell out of me!

Now that I have an extremely sated and happy Mac lying beside me, I decide it's the perfect chance to raise the subject again. "Gorgeous, we need to decide what we're going to do once the baby arrives," I say, raising my arm and slowly stroking my hand up and down her naked back.

"Ah, what do you mean? We'll have to look after it, you know, like most other new parents."

I chuckle. "You know what I mean, Mac. Where are the three of us going to live?"

Her body stills before she lifts her head up, propping her head up on her hands as she looks up at me. "Babe, what do you mean? I'm going to live here with Kate."

Now I'm pissed off. It takes a lot to annoy me, but being separated from my family will do it every time.

"Mac, that ain't gonna happen. You, me, and the baby will be living together, in the same house, under the same roof, at the same address. You understand me?"

"Yeah, but..."

"No buts. We're going to be a family. I love you, you love me. Together, we're going to raise this baby so that means we need to live in the same f**king house. I know you and Kate are close, and yes you'll miss each other, but it's not like you're moving to another city or state. You're moving two blocks south."

I pull my hand up, tangling it in her hair before bringing her face closer to mine and kissing her softly at first, deepening the kiss when a moan reverberates in her chest, egging me on. My grip in her hair tightens, and I can feel a shudder run through her body as I suck her tongue into my mouth, my other hand gently massaging her breast. Point understood.

One of the best things about Mac being pregnant is her tits. I swear to God that those puppies grew overnight. And they're so sensitive, the lightest of touches affects her.

It's f**king awesome.

Mac has always been a freak in the sack, but pregnancy has definitely made her hornier and sexier than ever before. I give her another sneaky grope before she pulls back and just looks at me, centimeters away from my face.

"It's not that I don't want to because I do. In fact, there is nothing I want more than for you, me and baby to have our own place, our own home. But Kate needs me. She doesn't have someone like you in her life to lean on. I'm it for her. Her family live out of state now. I'll constantly be worried that she's sitting at home alone. I can't do that to her, Daniel. She's always been there for me."

Her face is flushed, and her eyes are glistening with tears. I know this is a touchy subject for her, and I can't help but smile at her sincerity. She does want the same things as me, she's just worried about her best friend and I can't fault her for that. Those two girls are so close that they're almost like sisters.

"Okay, babe. We'll shelve the idea for now, but bubs isn't going to stay inside you forever, you know. In four months' time, our little boy or girl will make their grand entrance and all I want is for us all to be settled and ready. A baby needs a home. And as for Kate, she's a big girl, and I think she would've realized by now that there will be changes in the living arrangements sooner or later."

I cup her cheek with my hand, wiping away a lone tear that is sliding down her cheek with my thumb. She smiles down at me, brushing her lips softly against mine, then snuggling back down and burrowing her head into my chest.

"And I love you for that."

"Say it again," I sleepily murmur against her hair, pulling her in tight against me.

"I love you," she says as she lightly kisses my collarbone and lays her head down.

"Never gonna get sick of hearing you say that, gorgeous. Three of the best words in the world when they come from you."

