Chapter One

Angelica stood in front of Briggs's Ocean Club in Newport Beach, staring up at two well-lit palm trees that flanked the entrance. Her heart hammered out a few unsteady beats, since her reasons for being here involved a certain walk of shame she hoped to make sometime the next morning.

But now that she was here, her knees felt watery and the butterflies in her stomach had staged a massive riot. She hadn't been with a man for a good long stretch of road. So why was she aiming for dark and dangerous when any number of hardworking males around her office would scratch this itch just fine? She might even fall in love, make some babies, have a life.

Except she didn't want that kind of life.

Putting a hand to her stomach, she drew a deep breath.

She'd finally admitted to herself that only one man would do: Brogan Reyes, a six-five god who looked like he ran black ops missions in his spare time. Piercing blue eyes, massive shoulders, and a scruff that made her tongue tingle just thinking about licking a line straight up his jaw.

Despite her self-confessed need, she remained outside the club, knowing he could be inside. For whatever reason, she couldn't make her feet move.

She didn't really have time for a man in her life anyway. She had a demanding job as an accountant in a big firm that kept her insanely busy. She should just show some sense, head back to her apartment, pay some bills, drink a tumbler of Patron Silver, and get some rest. Besides, her stilettos pinched like hell. She wasn't used to dressing up like this, showing a ridiculous amount of come-and-get-me cle**age. And she was way out of flirting practice.

Yet her feet wouldn't move backward, either.

Her life had become a serious rut, and if she didn't do something to shake things up she thought she might go mad.

A sudden offshore breeze gave her a small push and she finally set her feet in motion, straight for the doors. She wanted this for herself, if only for one night.

And Reyes was the man she wanted.

Taking a deep breath, she lowered her chin and crossed the foyer threshold, her black sequin clutch held tight to her side.

The hostess smiled. "Welcome to Briggs's Ocean Club. Can I help you with your reservation this evening?"

The club had a variety of venues, including an upscale restaurant, a huge bar and lounge, and an outdoor patio, as well as live music and dancing.

Angelica waved a hand to the left, indicating the lounge, and the hostess smiled and nodded. She made her way to the short staircase that descended to the large, noisiest part of the club: the bar.

As she walked down the five steps, she quickly scanned the tables and long, polished oak bar, but Reyes wasn't there.

She picked a stool at the end nearest the stairs, and perched.

The bartender made his way over. "Angelica, great to see you again."

"Hey, Marcus."

"You haven't been here in a while." A concerned frown followed. "How's your mom?"

"She's doing much better, but thanks for asking. My aunt's in town to look after her, so I have a reprieve, at least for a couple of weeks."

"Well, that's great."

And it was. Angelica could breathe a little and tonight, she could indulge.

"You're one of my favorite people, you know. Lot of spoiled rich kids in this joint. So what can I get you?"

"Gin and tonic, please."

"You got it." He moved away to prepare her order, then returned swiftly, drink in hand, laying down a silver coaster first. But he was off almost as fast, greeting a new group and taking orders.

Marcus had worked at the Ocean Club for years and knew everyone who frequented the upscale, sexy nightspot that served the young and wealthy of Southern California. A gem-like array of bottles ran floor-to-ceiling behind the bar in every color imaginable, a beautiful mosaic against a mirrored wall. Low lights and deep maroon glossy walls gave an intimate feel to what was a large space full of linen-covered tables, comfortable chairs, and chattering guests.

When several customers got called to their restaurant reservation, a lull allowed Marcus to come back to her. He had shoulder-length black hair, dark eyes, and a warm smile. "You look good in red." His gaze fell to the low cut of her neckline, and he waggled his brows. "Hot. Very hot."

She felt a blush climb her cheeks, but she smiled. "Thank you." She lifted her drink to him. "I needed that."

She'd dressed for the occasion in red silk, sleeveless and cut low. She wore more makeup than usual and had dressed her thick dark-brown hair to flow away from her face.

"So can I help you out tonight? Anyone you want to meet?"

Marcus had a sixth sense where people were concerned, and he had never steered her wrong. She trusted him.

Squaring her shoulders, she jumped in. "I'm wondering what you know about Brogan Reyes." Just mentioning his name caused the ever-present butterflies to make a few dive-bombing runs.

His brows rose. "One tough hombre, but I have to say I don't know much more than that. Not sure anyone does. He comes from European money or maybe South American-even that's unclear. But he must have been educated somewhere in the States because he has no accent to speak of. He's usually in the lounge on Fridays so I would expect to see him and I have asked around, but he keeps his cards close. All I know is that he's wealthy, doesn't make a show of it, and meets business associates here. And no, I don't know what kind of business. My only concern, but it's a mild one, is that some of the people he meets give off the wrong vibe."

She knew what Marcus meant-more than one person he'd had drinks with, though well dressed, had a predatory look. "You know what it is? Some of the people I've seen him with do a kind of strip search with their eyes. The last time I was here, I felt like I was being visually weighed and measured, summed up. Make any sense?"

He nodded. "That's a good way of putting it, but I've never seen Reyes pull that kind of shit. I'll give him that."

"I agree. He's definitely a cut above the company he keeps."

He leaned his forearms on the bar. "So is he the one?"

Again her cheeks warmed up. "I'm not sure, but I'm determined to find out."

"Good for you and for what it's worth, despite his I-can-beat-the-shit-out-of-anyone look, I like him. He doesn't play games and he treats women decently, which says a lot."

Another throng of customers arrived, and Marcus moved away to take more orders.

Angelica swiveled in her seat. The dimly lit room was full of laughter and lots of flirting. Windows lined the lounge, with a pair of double doors that led to a crowded patio beyond. Outside, tables and chairs surrounded a massive tree covered in white mini lights.

Music filtered through from the dance club, sometimes with a strong rhythmic beat and other times a slow, sexy groove.

As the band moved into the latter, the erotic rhythm of the bass guitar and drums sent another shiver through her.

Marcus called her name, and when she turned toward him, he winked, then jerked his chin toward the stairs. "He's here."

For a second she couldn't breathe, as though all the air had been sucked from her lungs. She let her gaze move slowly toward the entrance. There he was, standing at the top of the short staircase, looking sexy as hell dressed in a black leather coat, blue silk shirt, and tailored slacks.

Awed as she was by his physical presence, she reminded herself that he was the reason she'd come here tonight. She sat up a little straighter, drink in hand.

He scanned the lounge, just as she had, his gaze moving slowly, then landing on her. She smiled and lifted her glass to him. She'd hoped for an answering curve of his lips, some indication he might be interested. Instead he frowned, though holding her gaze steadily.

Not the most encouraging note.

But the moment of truth had arrived. Was there a chance in hell she could persuade a frowning man to at least have a drink with her?

She felt in her gut that her life was poised right on the head of a pin, and what she did next would either catapult her forward or send her back to her apartment and a sad bottle of tequila for comfort.

Despite his frowns, she made a quick decision.

Grabbing her clutch, and setting her drink down, she slid off the bar stool and headed in his direction. She'd come here to talk to him and talk to him she would, even if all he did was tell her to get lost.

As she mounted the stairs, he turned back in the direction of the foyer with a slight jerk of his head. With that small movement, hope soared.

She found him in the foyer, standing near the tall water feature. As she drew closer, his gaze fell to her cle**age. She watched desire spark in his eyes, and an answering response raced through her body.

Still very nervous, she pushed her hair away from her throat, and his gaze followed, his nostrils flaring. He blinked and his lips parted. She hadn't been wrong about him; he was interested in her. Yep, he was the one.

"I was hoping to talk to you tonight. I've seen you here before, of course."

He searched her eyes. "What do you want?"

Angelica's turn to frown. She'd hoped for a little ice-breaking chitchat, maybe the promise of a smile. Instead his jaw stiffened as once again he held her gaze, frowning.

But she wasn't about to give up, at least not yet. "Can I buy you a drink?"

He shook his head slowly. "Not interested."

Well, that was a lie, so she pressed on. "Let me buy you one anyway."

His eyes narrowed. "What's your game, Angelica?"

Her heart skipped a couple of beats. He knew her name. That meant something.

Swallowing hard, she drew in a deep breath. "I don't have a game. I just wanted to talk to you, maybe get to know you."

"I never took you for a fortune hunter. Guess I was wrong."

"What do you mean?"

"Why else would you be talking to me like this?"

She didn't understand why he suddenly sounded so hostile. It made no sense. "You think I'm after your money?"

"Sure. Why not?"

He was being incredibly rude. "How do I know you even have a nickel?"

He snorted. "Women like you always know."

"Women like me?" She shook her head. This was not how she'd imagined her first conversation with him going. "You know, I asked around and no one knows much about you except that you have ties to Europe and maybe South America. Your last name sounds Spanish enough. And you dress well, but even a monkey could put on a fine suit and Cartier watch, and look well shod."

Something passed through his eyes-amusement maybe, she couldn't tell. But for a second he seemed almost human.

His steely expression returned fast enough, however, and he squared his shoulders. "Let me speak plainly."

"Oh, you haven't been?"

"All right, let me speak more specifically. You don't belong here in this club and when I saw that you'd stopped coming, I thought, Good, one less gold digger to worry about."

She compressed her lips but lowered her voice. "I'm not a gold digger. You've got me wrong."

"Then how about you just stick to your own kind?"

"My own kind? You mean people who work hard, take care of their families, that kind?"

He snorted. "Go home, Angelica, to your little apartment and to the numbers you crunch all day long." So he knew the details of her life. That meant something, too, but it also made her a little nervous. Had he been checking up on her?

He leaned close, though his voice sounded a little softer, not quite so mean. "Go home and live your life. Find some guy who can set you up in a suburb and make babies with you. Isn't that what you really want?"

The question brought her up short, maybe even going to the heart of why she'd come to the club tonight. She decided to be honest with him. "I could have had that, I suppose. Yet somehow, you were what I wanted. I came here for you."

He seemed taken aback, surprised even. He huffed an exasperated sigh and took her arm in his hand. "For f**k's sake, just go home."

But the sudden physical contact had a strange effect on her as she met his gaze once more. Desire for him flowed all over again, an unstoppable wave of need that brought tears to her eyes. She couldn't explain it as anything other than a bone-deep inner knowing. She knew the man's cruel words weren't truthful. He was merely trying to drive her away.

"Reyes," she whispered softly. "You're not indifferent. I can sense it. And I promise you, I'm not after anything, except this." She leaned up and kissed him.

His lips were moist and sensual and for just a moment, he leaned into her and returned the kiss.

When she finally drew back, his eyes flared once more and the grip on her arm increased. "Who are you?" His voice was now hoarse and deep.

She wanted to ask him to take her somewhere, anywhere, but he released her arm and once more adopted a hard expression.

"You're making a mistake, Angelica. And I'm begging you to leave this club and never come back. You belong tucked up in your safe, very normal life. This one, I promise you, this one will destroy you."

Before she could ask what the hell he meant, he moved past her back in the direction of the bar.

Angelica didn't know what to think. His words seemed to suggest she was in some kind of danger, or at least she would be if she stayed here.

For a long beat, she considered following after him, but the moment had passed. She'd given him plenty of opportunity to engage with her, but instead he wanted her to go away.

She moved forward toward the open front doors of the club. The cool ocean breeze cleared her senses as more customers flowed into the large foyer.

She couldn't believe she'd kissed him. She'd wanted to shake him up, and she was sure she'd succeeded, at least a little. But apparently not enough for him to ask her to stay.

Walking toward her car, almost in a daze, his words kept playing over in her mind: that this club or maybe this part of society would destroy her. But what bothered her the most was his reference to her safe life.

As she reached her modest Camry, a very safe car, she drew her keys from her clutch but got no further. She didn't want to go back to her usual routine, to her normal life. That's what went through her head, and it made it impossible to put the key in the lock.

She knew the kiss had touched him, opened him a little. She couldn't be wrong about that.

She also thought it possible that if she left now, she'd never see him again, and that was the last thing she wanted. She had to break through his icy barrier, get him to talk, and maybe at the very least to explain why he thought she was in danger.

She put her keys back in her purse and turned around. She had to make one last attempt to reach him.

The parking lot was well lit with lots of people coming and going. Though there were two rather large, imposing men at the end of her row of cars, she had no reason to feel at risk. There were just too many people around for anything to go wrong.

She moved quickly in the direction of the club, and at the same time the two men pivoted toward her. A jolt of fear went through her, an instinct that almost turned her feet around once more. But even if they meant her harm, what could they possibly do with so many witnesses nearby?

She therefore straightened her shoulders and kept on going. However, just as she drew near, she swore the air around them grew oddly distorted, the way heat would look on sun-blasted asphalt.

She blinked and the next moment one of the men grabbed her arm, hauled her against his chest, and held her tight. The other pressed a cloth over her nose and mouth. The smell nauseated her, and she struggled hard, kicking and screaming, certain that someone would come to help her or, if not, at least call the police.

But her mind started spinning, she couldn't feel her feet, then she was falling.

Three days later Brogan Reyes sat in a very different kind of club deep in the Como cavern system, his nerves on edge. Sex slaves of every human ethnicity worked the club table-to-table, while a live stage performance kept the customers on the verge of release.

From the earliest time he could remember he'd survived by playing a role, and tonight was no different. But if all went well, he'd get the one thing he wanted above everything else: an invitation to become a member of the Starlin Group.

Just a few nights from now Starlin would host another gala event, and if he played his cards right, he was in. He'd purchase his first sex slave and become part of the inner circle of one of the most heinous slavery rings in his world.

Once inside the organization, he intended to bring the whole damn thing down.

So he played his role, watching the live stage show and behaving as though he liked that the woman screamed in pain. The dom, covered in leather, used a variety of implements to draw blood. He knew the progression of torture well; given her pallor, she'd drop into unconsciousness soon, then another slave would be brought out and the process would begin again.

Part of him wanted to rush the stage, grab the woman, and get her permanently out of this hellhole. If he did, however, he'd destroy decades spent building a reputation as a man fully into the lifestyle. He had to perpetually think beyond the present moment, to the thousands of women and men who lived caged in this part of the world, serving the sadistic needs of a hungry, perverse, but well-paying vampire clientele.

The club appealed to high-end slavers, with black marble on the walls layered with swaths of emerald crystals. Soft lighting hung suspended over numerous linen-covered tables, creating an oddly intimate atmosphere for the horror taking place not just on stage but all around him.

Many of the clientele brought their own slaves with them to perform fellatio while they enjoyed the evening's entertainment. Ecstatic moans occasionally rolled through the club as waitstaff kept the drinks coming.

This club was at the dark end of the lifestyle, where the slaves lived constantly with the threat of torture. But other clubs were worse, involving a snuff element. Those, he avoided. He'd sacrificed a lot to create his cover, but he drew the line at watching slaves murdered for the purpose of sexual gratification.

He lifted his now-empty glass to a passing female slave, toggling it slightly. She came toward him on a quick step, eyes flaring. With that one brief signal, he knew her type: She might have entered the world as a slave, but she'd fully embraced the lifestyle and learned the fine art of turning pain into pleasure.

On his periphery he saw that two Starlin men sat at a nearby table, no doubt assigned to observe him. He therefore had his own little performance to give, and this slave would be perfect for what he needed to do.

She was Asian, with straight black hair to her shoulders, and wore a costume made up entirely of chains crisscrossed over most of her body. The chains left nothing to the imagination, revealing bare br**sts, bu**ocks, and a narrow black landing strip.

"What's your pleasure, Master Reyes?" She held her small round service tray toward him.

With one hand he placed the tumbler in the center, but with the other he grabbed the chain that ran from the middle of her chest, downward between her legs, then rose to connect high on her back. He pulled, one hard tug.

She gasped, her chin quivering.

He watched her face as the pain transformed into something sweeter, and in a slow rhythm he worked the chain up and down. "What I want right now is your mouth on my dick."

With her dark eyes glittering, she set her tray on his table, then dropped to her knees.

She did all the work, unbuckling his pants, licking him, teasing his balls. With his eyes on the stage, she took him deep, her head doing a slow bob as he leaned back in his chair.

He wasn't happy about the situation, which meant he struggled to physically enjoy the process, but he kept his eye on the prize: proving to the Starlin spies that he'd adopted the slaver way of life.

She paused for a moment, looking up at him, and whispered. "You're legendary, master." She rubbed her thumb slowly over his crown. "Take me home, later? My owner won't even charge, not if he knows it's you."

Her words pleased the hell out of him, not because she applauded his sexual prowess, but because she'd inadvertently told him that her owner would treat him just like he did all the big boys at Starlin. He'd worked a helluva long time to achieve this position, spending a large portion of his fortune securing the goodwill of the various club owners.

He smiled and leaned close to bite her ear, sinking his teeth hard until he tasted blood on his tongue. He repressed the part of him that wanted more of the sweet-tasting elixir, that wanted a deep draw at her throat, then sat back once more.

She looked up at him again, her lips swollen as she breathed hard, clearly enjoying his attentions. "Please, master."

"We'll see. Take care of me now and we'll discuss terms."

She smiled and went back to work, head bobbing once more.

His hatred of the sex-slave world went deep, so to sustain his arousal, he let his mind drift into dangerous waters: into the recent past when he'd seen Angelica at the Ocean Club.

The mere thought of her brought pleasure flowing and his h*ps flexing slightly.

Angelica.

She'd be his salvation in this heinous situation; images of her would see him through.

He recalled her red dress and the most beautiful display of cle**age he'd seen in a long time. She had looked so damn sexy, so beautiful when he'd first seen her sitting at the bar, her long legs crossed at the knee, her gaze fixed on him. He'd recognized the invitation and wished like hell he could have taken her up on it, taken her home, made love to her. God knew, he'd wanted to.

The more he focused on those memories, the more his body responded, so he stayed with them. She'd looked even prettier up close, with large brown eyes, made up just right, her lips shiny with gloss. Then she'd kissed him, one of the biggest surprises of his life. He'd wanted to keep on kissing her, to lay a line of kisses across the mounds of her br**sts, to run his hands up her dress, to sink his fingers deep inside her wetness.

He moaned and the mouth that worked him sucked just a little harder, a little faster, a perfect response.

He saw Angelica naked, her layered hair shoved behind her creamy shoulders, her throat exposed, pulse beating in her neck.

Desire flowed as he saw nothing but her, imagining the feel of her br**sts beneath his fingers and his mouth sucking each nipple repeatedly until her body responded with heavy undulations.

With these thoughts, pleasure soared. He cupped the back of the slave's head. She knew the signal and sucked faster. But his mind was full of Angelica now, her long legs, his knees spreading them wide. He was over her now, pushing his c**k inside, pumping into her, faster and faster.

His lower back tightened and the release came, streaking like lightning through his cock.

Angelica.

She was the one. The one he'd wanted, desired, needed.

As his pleasure peaked he groaned, not caring if he was heard above all the other sounds in the club.

Angelica.

His breathing slowed and he leaned back in the chair, his mind still spinning with the images he'd created.

He frowned as he thought of Angelica, of how much he wanted her, how much he wished she were here right now, with him. That would never happen, of course, not in a million years.

After a moment the slave leaned back on her heels. She gently tucked him inside his briefs, zipped him up, fumbled with the button, then buckled his belt. All neat and tidy.

Though she smiled, he saw her drawn cheeks, the pinch at the corner of each eye as she worked to hold back her emotions. He knew what it was to be in her position, to have to engage sexually on demand, often several times a night.

Fuck this horrible situation and the way this slave had been brutalized. He took her chin in hand and, leaning down, he whispered in her ear, "You brought me beautifully. Thank you."

When he leaned back again in his seat, her dark eyes grew haunted and she spoke quickly. "Master, please buy me. I would give anything to serve in your house. I know my owner would allow it. Like I said, he'd do anything for you. He says you're to be the next Starlin member. Please. I need to get out of here."

He felt her desperation, but with the Starlin boys watching him, he still had his role to play.

He steeled himself and took on a bored expression. "All I want from you right now is another Maker's Mark, neat."

The light of hope died swiftly in the woman's eyes. She nodded, rising to her feet and moving away as fast as her shackled ankles would allow.

He made himself a promise that as soon as he brought Starlin down, he'd start destroying clubs like this one until they were all gone and slavery was a thing of the past in his world.

Thank God he'd been able to warn Angelica away from the Ocean Club. What she didn't know, what he hadn't been able to tell her, was that she perfectly fit the bill for Starlin acquisition. Not just because of her beauty, but more important because she had no money to speak of and her closest relative was infirm.

Earlier in the year he'd seen the Starlin team scoping her, so he'd done his own surface investigation and learned the basic details of her life. He understood her vulnerability. Fortunately, at least until a few days ago, she'd stopped coming to the club and he'd been relieved.

But the moment he'd seen her, he knew she was in danger. She'd never looked more beautiful or sexier and the Starlin team had already arrived, hunting for the right women to snatch.

He'd watched her leave the club, then he'd taken off in the opposite direction, heading back to his home in Italy. He just hoped to hell that in the future she'd stay away. The one thing he'd learned was that the acquisition teams worked clubs almost exclusively, all over the world, grabbing women and sometimes men to sell at auction. Witnesses at clubs were notoriously unreliable-another perfect aspect of the whole setup.

His server returned with his drink, but her eyes were now passive, no longer pleading. She moved away slower this time. He felt her despair like a palpable weight in the air, but he kept his gaze fixed on the stage.

He drank his whiskey in slow sips and after a few more minutes, from his peripheral vision, he watched the Starlin spies leave their table. They would make a full report. If the gods smiled, he'd get that f**king invitation.

He needed to get the hell out of the club, take a hot shower using plenty of soap, but he remained where he was just in case there were others tracking his movements and reporting, spies he didn't know about.

After another hour, and another whiskey, he was about to leave when a slave brought him an embossed envelope. He recognized the Starlin insignia, an S with a chain in a circle around it.

He strove to calm the surge of adrenaline that rocketed through him. This was it, what he'd been working toward all these years.

Breaking the gold seal, he pulled out the card and read. The Starlin Group extends the warm hand of fellowship and requests your presence at all future events. Congratulations and warmest wishes to our newest member. Your fellow slaver, Master Engles.

He glanced up at the male slave, whom he knew to be one of Engles's many assistants. Engles was the man to impress and Reyes had apparently gotten the job done, but it had taken years. "You may tell your master I am most grateful."

The slave, his face also a familiar mask of impassivity, nodded once, then left.

Reyes remained another half an hour, a powerful euphoria flowing through his veins. His forearm rested over the invitation, the physical reminder of what he'd accomplished.

His gaze sought out the slave he'd used earlier. As she dropped to her knees in front of yet another slaver, a woman this time, he promised himself he'd get her out along with all the others who had served him while he built his heinous reputation.

His plans were finally falling into place. The next auction would take place on Friday, followed by several gala parties. On the block would be beauties gathered from every corner of the world, and to cement his reputation he'd buy his first slave, or even a group of slaves.

When the woman on stage finally passed out, the dom tossed her over his shoulder and hauled her away. A round of applause rippled through the audience, along with calls for more drinks. Another group of slaves entered the stage to clean up.

Reyes finally rose to leave.

Pulling a well-packed money clip from the pocket of his pants, he dropped several thousand on the white linen, then headed home.

Angelica lay on a hard mattress that smelled of blood and urine, her hands bound behind her. She couldn't keep her eyes open and her head felt as if spikes had been jammed through the top of her skull. Mostly her arms were killing her in this position.

She sensed that considerable time had passed since she'd last seen Reyes at Briggs's Ocean Club, but she had no idea how much. Days, at least.

She also had vague recollections of being awakened, forced to drink things she didn't want to, then shoved back down on the same mattress to sleep for long periods of time.

Her arms hadn't always been bound like this-only after she'd tried to claw one of her captors' eyes out.

She still didn't understand where she was, what was happening to her, or how long she'd been in what she could only describe as some kind of jail cell set in a cave, a very large cave.

"How's Sleeping Beauty?" A woman's voice reached her, sweet and melodious. A spurt of hope swept through her.

"Coming 'round, mistress."

"Well, get in there, strip her down, and let me have a look. The Starlin acquisition team said she's worth at least two million."

"Yes, mistress."

Hope crashed.

Angelica tried to sit up. She wanted to fight whoever it was that intended to follow the woman's orders, but she'd only made it to her elbow when a hand grabbed her arm and hauled her to her feet.

"Hey." Her protest came out slurred.

For this one word, she received a hard slap across her mouth.

"How many times have I told you not to hit the face? Humans don't heal fast."

Angelica processed this statement, but couldn't make sense of it. What did the woman mean by humans not healing fast?

"Sorry, mistress."

"Bring her closer."

Angelica's face throbbed as her captor dragged her to the front of the cell, then pulled her upright for inspection. Between the pain in her head from whatever drugs she'd been given and the new blow to her face, she could barely open her eyes.

"Closer."

Blinking, she had a blurred view of the bars of her cell and a figure beyond.

"Aw, why are you crying, sweetheart?" The woman clucked her tongue. "He didn't hit you that hard."

"Not crying," Angelica managed through thickened lips. She might have been, she wasn't sure, but like hell she'd give this she-devil a reason to think small of her.

"Well, at least you've got some spirit." The woman tilted her head-that much Angelica could determine, but her vision still wasn't working right.

"Get her clothes off. I need to see the goods."

At that Angelica's instincts took over. She thrashed in the man's hold, kicking at him and screaming. Of course she couldn't do much with her arms bound. Still, she fought him hard.

Something struck the back of her head and all went black.

She woke up with a pungent smell wafting beneath her nose. Again she came up fighting, but she didn't get far since restraints held her down, flat on her back.

And she was naked.

She breathed hard, trying to twist, but her ankles were pinned as well.

"You need to relax, princess."

The woman of the melodious voice had returned, only now she was inside the cell.

She drew close to the bed and sat down on a stool beside the putrid mattress. She put a hand on Angelica's throat, stroking down the side of her neck. "Your blood has a wonderful smell, very rich. I'm tempted to sample you myself. Unfortunately, we always promise pristine, never-before-bitten goods to our clientele."

Angelica rocked her head back and forth. "Get the hell away from me."

She could finally see, despite how badly her head ached.

The woman smiled at her, but her dark-blue eyes held a cruel glint, truly malevolent, despite her otherwise angel-like appearance. She looked like something out of an old painting, with light-red hair in a mass of curls, pale skin, small pink lips, and large cornflower-blue eyes.

Angelica couldn't battle the woman, but maybe she could reason with her. "Listen, I don't belong here. There's been some kind of mistake."

The woman's small lips curved into a bow. "Of course you belong here. You're built exactly right for our needs."

A chill ran through her. "What do you mean needs?"

"You're a woman. Figure it out."

The statement confirmed her worst fears. "Sex."

"Of course, and all sorts of variations so you'll never be bored."

Angelica shuddered. "Can't you let me out of these restraints?"

"No, I can't. You almost blinded one of my workers. You must be obedient while you're in our care, do you understand?"

The woman slid her hand down Angelica's chest and began caressing her bare br**sts, moving in slow circles. "You have very full, exquisite br**sts, by the way. Does that feel good?"

Angelica squirmed, trying to get away from the unwelcome touch. "I'm not into women."

"They all say that at first, but pretty soon you'll be doing a lot of things you never thought you'd do. And given your spirit, I feel compelled to offer a taste of the kind of pain you'll experience if you don't do as you're told."

The woman took hold of Angelica's left nipple between her thumb and forefinger and pinched harder and harder. Angelica twisted, trying to get relief, but the pressure increased.

She looked at the woman's face and saw a kind of euphoria in her features. She was enjoying hurting her.

"Sorry, precious, but this is gonna get worse before it gets better. Try to relax."

"It's bad enough already." She spoke the words between gasps.

Something that felt like fire began to burn through Angelica's nipple, a burn that kept coming, kept increasing. She heard screams, then realized they belonged to her.

"Beautiful," the woman said softly. "I really am tempted to keep you for myself. Let's see how much you can take. I hadn't meant to go this far, but you've got some chops, my dear."

The fiery pain broadened, expanding through her breast. She shook, cried out, and wept. The pain was beyond bearing. She was sure it couldn't get worse, then it did.

"What stamina. I swear I haven't seen someone of your potential in more than a century. You'll do extremely well on the block, just wait and see. But you'll need to rein in your spirit if you want to survive, and don't ever say I didn't warn you."

Her vision began to blacken. As Angelica slipped into unconsciousness once more, she saw the woman smile, a final image she'd never forget.

Chapter Two

On Friday night Reyes straightened immaculate cuffs, held together by black onyx links. His Brioni tux, ordered months ago, fit like a glove and looked like the fortune it had cost. Shoes, Italian leather. Watch, limited-edition Cartier.

He'd left nothing to chance. What he accomplished at the auction tonight would be the final door he'd use to enter the Starlin world for good. He'd worked toward this moment for a long time, building his bad-boy, player reputation and finally gaining membership.

But having access to all the Starlin events was only the beginning and he knew that. There could be no easing off. If anything, he needed to work just a little harder to make sure that the front man for the operation, Damien Engles, totally bought his cover, the reason he intended to purchase a slave tonight.

Once he had Engles's support, he could begin pushing the boundaries of the corporation to find out once and for all exactly who was behind the Starlin Group. Only then would he know what steps he'd need to take to destroy an organization that had enslaved, tortured, and murdered hundreds of thousands of innocent people, human and vampire.

His heart thrummed with excitement and with a familiar deep need to pay-it-back-in-fucking-full. The slavery he'd endured himself for a full century had created his profound wish to change the status quo. Slavery had gone on for millennia and maybe that was part of the problem: Time had given it a certain acceptability and tolerance.

Not that he cared. He had one purpose in his life, and he meant to see it through even if he died in the attempt.

His reasons were personal since he'd never found his captor. She'd eluded him all this time, staying one step ahead of him, living her life in secrecy, perhaps knowing that once he found her, he'd kill her. However, she had a lot of powers in her arsenal, and one of them was the ability to create intricate disguises.

She'd bought him at auction, or so he'd been told. He hadn't been conscious by the time he'd been taken to the actual bidding block. He'd fought his captors hard, something that had appealed to her sadistic nature. The only way they'd been able to manage him was by binding him with a dozen chains, all enhanced with preternatural power.

Sweet Dove, the only name he'd ever known her by, had offered the highest bid in sex-slave history. Then she'd torn him down, one drop of blood at a time, one inflicted wound after another, depriving him of sleep and of sustenance, until he'd become a mass of incoherent thoughts.

She'd rebuilt him with sex, chaining him up and making him come repeatedly with every part of her body, until his soul shut off and he became the animal she'd craved.

He'd engaged with her then, fully and completely, holding nothing back.

Yet some part of him had remained intact, and began a painfully slow resurgence, a process that took over a century. By the time he escaped Sweet Dove's cavern lair, he'd had only one thought: to get rid of her kind forever, the sex slavers that used humans and fellow vampires like animals.

Maybe he hadn't found her yet, but in the meantime he'd undermine the world she'd helped create and no doubt continued to sustain with her wealth and patronage. As far as he knew she had no association with Starlin, but this arm of the sex-slave trade functioned in a way that felt very familiar to him, with layers of secrecy he hadn't seen since his time with her. Though he believed that a man headed up this organization, somehow he wouldn't have been surprised to find she was a major contributor, at least on some level.

Half an hour later he arrived at the auction site, deep inside the underground cavern system. The large ballroom-sized space was beautifully decorated with carved slabs of polished black granite embedded in the rock walls and surrounded by intricate carvings. The floor was made of the same granite. The house displayed large photos of each of the slaves on easels spread around the room, so that buyers could look over the twenty women who would be auctioned that night.

Servers came up to him, offering drinks and anything else he wanted, bare-breasted beautiful women and men who always revealed what they had to offer. Some even looked him over and made overtures.

He refused them all, politely, but carried a whiskey as he moved around the large cavern.

Given that he'd been gradually making himself known in the darker sex-slave clubs, the presence of so many owners at the auction with their slaves in tow seemed par for the course. Most of the captives wore painful collars with leashes attached and very little or no clothing; they bore plenty of bruises, cuts, and bite marks. Public sexual exchange was a given, part of the allure of the lifestyle, so that couches in different configurations were scattered around the room, as well as wingback chairs.

Like the club he'd been at earlier in the week, moans sounded through the room.

The truth was, when he'd first witnessed the overt nature of the lifestyle, he'd questioned his ability to go through with his plans. As sadistic as Sweet Dove had been, she hadn't taken him to public events like these and put him on display. Of course, she'd held brutal private parties and he'd endured much worse than anything he was witnessing tonight. But what he'd learned later was that because Sweet Dove had feared losing him to an aggressive competitor, who might have done anything to get his hands on Reyes, she'd kept him hidden.

Now, after decades of being in the clubs while he built his reputation, he was fairly immune to the suffering around him, but only because he made nightly promises to himself that he would get rid of this scourge no matter the price.

Most of the female slaves paraded by proud owners were vampires, prized because they could outlast their human counterparts by decades. But for those men and a few women who wanted the excitement of the more fragile human slaves, who bruised and screamed more easily, the auctions featuring the best human wares brought almost everyone to the monthly events, if only to watch the bidding wars.

Some of the slaves sold tonight would die quickly at the two-week mark, a weakness of the human race that couldn't be predicted or helped.

Others would perish at a six-month transition, another human phenomenon and one that many who enjoyed the slave lifestyle paid to watch, a sort of snuff version of the vampire world. Fortunes changed hands over the betting that went on during transition weeks.

When Reyes had escaped, he'd changed his identity, and because Sweet Dove had kept him locked away, and also because he'd shaved off his long hair, no one recognized him now. The facial scruff he wore also enhanced his altered appearance.

He worked out as well, so that his presence tended to dominate most rooms, so different from what he'd known as a slave. Sweet Dove had kept him in a weakened state. About a decade ago, he'd added a series of tattoos to further establish his new identity. He now sported a hawk with wings that stretched across the top of his back, and a collage covered his upper right arm and shoulder, of foliage and symbols that had great meaning to him.

Now he was here, playing his role as a slaver and a Starlin member. Many came up to congratulate him and even to offer the use of their slaves. He thanked everyone, his face almost as impassive as the slaves on their leashes.

He ignored the sex going on all around him and took his time viewing the pictures of the slaves who would soon be auctioned. He paused before each nude image, feigning deep interest, but he barely looked at the women. They were heavily made up, another sign of their enslavement, but even looking felt like a violation.

The auction had two parts. The first involved the individual slaves; in the second, several groups of five women sold for one price.

He'd already made up his mind to focus his efforts on purchasing a group of slaves since he'd save five women instead of just one.

He continued to move slowly, sipping his whiskey. The auction had become a time to preen, something popular among this wealthy set. Most would go to Engles's after-auction party to celebrate the purchases that would take place tonight. Those who successfully bought a slave, or even a group of slaves, would be expected to show off the prize, and especially to demonstrate dominance.

He'd made a complete circuit by the time he reached the last photograph, a woman with dark-brown hair and, as he'd come to expect, heavily made-up eyes. For a moment, however, as he stared at the portrait, his mind filled with flashes of Angelica at the Ocean Club, of her red dress and soft lips as she kissed him.

He stepped closer to the photo, frowning now. He wasn't focusing very well, and a strange red haze had started to flow over his eyes. His arms tensed up, then his thighs, his body reacting to what he was looking at before his mind could catch up to what he was actually seeing.

The woman in this photo looked like Angelica.

A terrible sinking sensation grabbed his heart and pulled hard. He shook his head once. He couldn't believe it was true, this couldn't be true, couldn't be her.

Angelica.

He'd told her to leave the place and never come back. Then she'd kissed him. He could still feel her lips on his, a soft humming against his mouth.

Afterward, he'd watched her leave the club.

Angelica.

He wanted to be mistaken, but he would know those eyes, that nose, the shape of her lips as well as his own. She'd been captured by the Starlin Group despite his efforts. How the hell had this happened? How had he not known?

"She's the one."

He turned, his mind still free-falling, to stare into Engles's face. "Pardon?"

The man narrowed his gaze, then took a sip from his tumbler. "Just thought I'd let you know that she's mine. The Starlin acquisition team who found her somewhere in the States said they had a live one, a real fighter."

Angelica would have fought her captors. He knew that about her, knew her spirit would be part of her appeal. She might seem innocent and have a kind, even vulnerable appearance, but she also had strength of will and courage. Hell, she'd kissed him despite his abrasive attempts to get rid of her.

He needed to adjust quickly to this reality, to pull himself together, because the man claiming Angelica for tonight's auction was Damien Engles. He was the one man whose good side Reyes needed to cultivate above everyone else in this soul-sucking room.

Taking a deep breath, he reordered his senses.

He shoved his hand out and Engles took it. "Brogan Reyes and you're Master Engles. Very nice to meet you and I want to thank you for my membership. I look forward to many years of, shall we say, pleasurable association." He even smiled.

His mind might be in turmoil, but yes, he could smile. Decades of service to Sweet Dove had built up a fine skill set.

Engles held his gaze. The man met him eye-to-eye, straight on, putting him at a similar six-five. His grip was solid. He then added a bit more pressure before he released Reyes's hand, a familiar signal that he considered himself top dog and wanted Reyes to know it.

Starlin's front man wore a tailored tux, finely cut but of a shimmering dark-blue silk that made him stand out, no doubt by design. He had dark-brown wavy hair that he combed away from his face, thick arched brows, and round, almost innocent brown eyes. His nose was large and aquiline, giving him the look of a predatory bird. He had a deep cleft in his chin. Oddly, he looked like the man he was, as though even his features had conspired to reveal a man of violent intention with just enough innocence to lure his victims into a false sense of safety.

Reyes turned back to Angelica's photo and he sipped his drink. "She's very beautiful."

"Yes, but it's the expression in her eyes, don't you think? I know what they put these women through to get them ready for auction, yet in this photo just look at the glint of rage in her eyes. Yes, she's the one."

Reyes took deep breaths. He knew Engles's preference for fighters, just like Sweet Dove. He wanted someone he could break to his will.

The thought of Angelica falling into Engles's hands nearly undid his resolution. He didn't want her hurt like that, her mind and soul destroyed, her body tortured. In addition, Engles's human slaves never lived very long.

But he had a job to do, a big one, that went way beyond what would happen here tonight-and that included Angelica's fate.

He had to stick to his plan, he had to remember that he was working to save thousands of women from the fate she would soon endure. Whatever happened tonight would be a tragedy for her, but he couldn't jeopardize his mission for a lone human female.

And if she survived her captivity, he'd make it his mission to find her and take her out of her hell, but right now, he needed to stay tough. More than just Angelica's life was at stake.

He lifted his drink to Engles. "I'm sure this woman will be all that you're hoping for."

He'd intended to walk away, but Engles held him back. "Are you bidding tonight?"

Reyes smiled, a broad comprehensive smile he'd learned to offer all those years ago. "I came for no other purpose, but I'm looking for more of, shall we say, a group experience."

Engles clapped him on the shoulder. "Good man."

He took one last look at Angelica's photo and saw what Engles had meant and what would make her tonight's star. She had a defiant expression in her eye. A slave with spirit always tempted the most sadistic owners. Angelica would have done better to have appeared broken and submissive because she would have gained one of the more humane owners. Her chances at survival would have increased tremendously.

He felt sick in his gut suddenly, that the woman who had kissed him, who had for a brief moment filled him with something like hope, would be sold to Engles tonight.

He cursed mentally as he signaled to one of the servers.

"What can I get for you, master?"

"Maker's Mark, neat. Make it a double."

Angelica feigned a drugged-out state in the hope of finding her way out of captivity. For the first time in a week, she was outside her prison cell, all her attention focused on her surroundings, on trying to figure out where she was. She searched every wall, looking for a doorway or some kind of access to the outside world. The trouble was, she seemed to be in some kind of cavern system, which severely limited the number of ways out.

She stood in a long line of women, each dressed differently in strange costumes that left very little to the imagination.

She now understood that she'd fallen into some kind of sex-slavery ring, operated within a very strange secret society, that kept its women inside a kind of prison. She didn't know where she was or even what part of the world. She'd been one of dozens of women in the same situation, all held in separate cells in the same prison-like facility.

Her captors had put her through hell over the past several days. She'd been stripped of her clothes and tied down, then beaten for screaming that she wanted out. To her surprise, none of the other women had put up such a racket, but then maybe her screams when tortured had taught the rest to keep quiet.

In the end they'd drugged her. At least then, she'd slept.

But a few hours ago the male servant assigned to her had prodded her awake and forced coffee down her throat. The final prepping had begun, as she was bathed, manicured, coiffed, made up, and finally adorned with her costume, such as it was. She wore only a headdress, draped with a long gauzy floor-length scarf in a leopard print. She could appreciate the artistry, except that she was otherwise completely naked.

All the other women had adopted submissive attitudes, which pissed her off. If they all fought their captors together, maybe they'd have a chance of escape.

The line moved intermittently, and the several male servants in charge spoke quietly into headphones, prodding the women as needed. No one talked. No one dared. The men carried Tasers with them.

At the same time a number of shirtless men, real bodybuilder types, who wore black leather pants and carried whips, lined the walls. She didn't need to be a genius to understand the threat. Even so, she kept looking for a means of escape.

If only she could find a doorway, anything she could slip through, no matter where it led; she'd take the chance. Every instinct screamed that this would be her only opportunity to escape.

Hope dimmed, however, when the line reached what looked like the backstage area of some kind of theater. She hadn't seen a single door or hallway-nothing that could have taken her away from this.

But what were they doing in a theater? Would each of them be required to perform in some kind of strip show?

She glanced down at her br**sts, beaded in the cold cave air, and she would have laughed if her situation hadn't been so horrific. If she was supposed to strip, what would that involve? Taking off the scarf?

As she moved by the wings of the stage, past several rows of curtains and backdrops, she saw the first of the women walking down a runway of some kind followed by applause.

Definitely a show of some kind.

But the next words froze her heart. "We'll begin the bidding on this fine Chinese ware at ten thousand dollars. Do I hear ten thousand? Yes, the gentleman on my left. Do I hear eleven? To the gentlemen in the green blazer. Very nice. Twelve?"

When she'd first realized that she was being held a prisoner, she'd had many thoughts about what was happening to her. But not one of them had involved being called "ware" by an auctioneer, or hearing an audience applauding each bid.

Reyes sat at a small glass table, one knee crossed over the other. A server hovered nearby just for him. On the other side of the stage, Engles sat directly opposite and had already raised his glass, making it clear to Reyes yet again that he expected no competition for his bid.

But Engles was safe from him. He'd long since made his decision and would stick with his plan, despite the fact that his nerves had grown ragged with waiting. He dreaded seeing Angelica walk down the runway.

The bids had already started and he feigned his interest in each woman, knowing that as the newest Starlin member he would be watched for a long time. Even sex slavery had a probationary period.

Many would be curious about him. Others, like Engles, would want to know how his loyalties fell. He had an organization to protect so no doubt everyone, including Reyes, would require continual surveillance and monitoring.

How did Reyes know? Because he would have done the same thing, left nothing to chance. Engles struck him as the same type of man, in complete control.

Reyes finished his whiskey, then ordered another, just to keep the edge off. The parade of captive women disgusted him. They were frightened by what was happening to them, and more than one had stumbled in her stilettos on the way down the polished wood runway.

He just had to get through the night, win his bid for one of the groups of five, then get the hell home.

But when the gavel came down to indicate that number nineteen had just been sold for one-million-five, his stomach twisted into a knot. The new owner lifted her off the stage and carried her to a dark corner. A muffled scream followed.

Reyes struggled to suppress his rage, reminding himself for the hundredth time to take the long view, that one day this organization would be toast.

Then Angelica appeared at the top of the runway and he fell to a place of intense stillness. Time flowed to a stop as he stared at her. He forgot for a moment where he was. He saw only her, the shape of her brown eyes, her straight nose, her full lips. She was an incredibly beautiful woman and carried herself like none of the others. He'd been right about her: even now her spirit showed.

Suddenly he wanted to be back at the Ocean Club, but instead of warning her away, he wanted her in his arms, wanted to take her home, to make her his. He could have protected her then, if only he'd known what was in store for her.

His gaze drifted down her body, to full br**sts peaked in the cold room, her narrow waist, and the elegant line of her h*ps and legs. She had a narrow landing patch.

Unlike all the others, she at first refused to move, which caused the tension and interest in the audience to rise. But two doms with whips nudged her, and she finally moved forward.

Time resumed when the auctioneer started running through a list of assets, including her womanly dimensions and how many sex partners she'd had.

She moved slowly, glancing around the tables. No other slave had done that. Her expression slowly filled with disdain, her upper lip curled, her cheeks drawn back.

He wanted to warn her that these outward displays would only enflame the audience, but there was nothing he could do. He could only stare, like everyone else.

Her hair had been piled high on her head, revealing her long tapering neck, while a very long, leopard-patterned scarf, just a few inches wide, trailed from a feathered headdress over her right shoulder, partially covering one breast. She held the scarf in place by wrapping it around her arm as though she kept this one part of her body sacred.

She had no idea that an attempt at modesty and the look of defiant disgust in her eyes would have the opposite effect, making her more and not less desirable.

He felt the interest of the vampires around him like a wave through the room as the tension level ratcheted up.

She paused halfway down the runway and threw her arms wide. "You're all a bunch of f**king perverts. What's wrong with you people? Can't you see that what you're doing is vile? That it goes against every honorable code of humanity?"

The crowd erupted, not in disapproval, but rather in a sudden flood of bids. She looked confused now, not understanding what was happening.

But Reyes did. She'd just set herself up as a sadist's dream, an innocent, worthy woman ready to fight.

The auctioneer shouted above the din, "I have two hundred thousand, do I have three? Three, do I have four?" The number kept escalating, and quickly.

He saw her mouth move and extended his hearing. Her voice had dropped to a confused whisper. "What's happening? I don't understand."

He glanced at Engles, who was now on his feet, his face red as he called out a bid that launched the number to two million.

Two million. So fast.

Slowly, Angelica lowered her arms. She searched the crowd, trying to make sense of her surroundings. She pivoted, looking perhaps for one person who would stand with her against this terrible crime.

Reyes rose to his feet and moved next to the runway as so many others had, needing to see her defiance close up. He now stood no more than three yards away from her.

When she met his gaze, her lips parted. She shook her head several times. "No," she murmured. She looked at him with a question in her eyes; then the answer seemed to dawn on her and her gaze grew cold. "So you're one of them."

He nodded slowly, still staring at her as the bids kept climbing toward four million, Engles leading the way. She searched his eyes and he saw profound disappointment, but she couldn't possibly know what it would cost him to support her right now.

He had a role to play and lives to save. He had his cover to protect.

But even as he made up his mind, a different kind of drive rose up in him, one that involved getting her off the stage so that all these other men would stop looking at her.

In a strong voice, and against every ounce of reason, he shouted, "Five million."

"I have five million from one of our newer bidders, Reyes of the Venezuelan system."

The crowd fell silent.

"Do I hear five-million-one-hundred-thousand?"

Engles suddenly called out. "Reyes, what the f**k do you think you're doing?"

Reyes glanced at Engles. "I want the woman." He even offered a show of fangs, just to let Engles know he meant what he said.

Engles met his gaze, staring at him hard, but Reyes kept glaring back. "My bid stands. You offering more?"

Engles slowly shook his head. "You'll regret this one day."

Reyes turned in the direction of the auctioneer. "Five million," he reiterated in a loud voice.

That old saying, a pin drop, fit the moment. No one contradicted Engles who didn't have a death wish.

The gavel came down in a hard crack. "Sold, the human Angelica, to the bidder Brogan Reyes."

He moved swiftly toward the stage and held out his hand to Angelica.

"Fuck that." She turned away, moving toward the stage proper. The two doms now stood at the top of the runway, whips in hand, ready to take charge of her if needed.

She topped in her tracks. "Shit."

His decision to buy her might have been impulsive and incredibly stupid, but if he didn't want to lose the entire game, he knew exactly what he had to do. He had to make her submit to him right now, in front of his peers.

Rising into the air, he levitated in her direction. Her eyes opened wide as she stared at him. "You're flying. Are you on wires or something?"

She didn't even know the truth about the world she'd entered. As he landed, he caught her around the waist in a grip so tight that she cried out in pain. "You're hurting me."

A slight roll of laughter moved through the audience. "Just the beginning, sweetheart," a voice called out.

"Fuck you," she shouted at the crowd.

But he gripped her harder until she turned to stare at him and felt silent. "Let's get something clear right now. You belong to me from this night forward. You're my slave, Angelica. Got it?"

He hated that this worthy woman would also have to learn the art of adopting a hated role, but it couldn't be helped. He'd just saved her life, although that was something she probably wouldn't understand for some time yet. But more than anything, he needed her to submit to him in front of his fellow Starlin members.

She turned to stare at him, her eyes wide with horror. "Why are you doing this?"

"Because I just bought you at auction, you're my slave, and you need to learn your place. I want you to show these fine people that you understand your new role."

Using a pressure point between her shoulder and neck, he pinched hard.

She cried out in pain. Inwardly, he recoiled, disgusted at himself for hurting her, but it couldn't be helped. He pushed down on her at the same time so that she began to lower to her knees.

A spattering of applause rolled through the club.

He kept up the pressure until she'd landed on the wood runway, her hand gripping the back of his leg for support.

"Stop, please stop."

"What do you call me, Angelica? Use the correct address, and the pain will go away."

She looked up at him, tears rolling down her cheeks. "I can't believe this is who you are."

The look in her eyes of pain and disappointment tore at him, but he couldn't stop now. He'd already made an enemy of the one man he'd needed to keep on his good side; if he didn't uphold his cover now, he'd never get inside the Starlin inner circle, find the name of the man who ruled this group.

"Then I guess you never really knew me." He smiled, still pinching her hard. "Now what's my name? What do you call me from this moment forward?"

He increased the pressure so that she cried out again.

"I don't know. I don't know what to call you."

"It's simple: master. You call me master. Say it, loud enough for everyone to hear."

"Master."

"Louder, slave."

"Master. Master."

"One more time. What do you call me?"

"I call you master."

"We finally understand each other. Good."

He released his hand from the slope of her neck and she fell forward, facedown on the runway.

Applause resounded from the ballroom, letting him know he was on the right track.

Turning to the doms, he called out, "I want shackles brought to me right now, for both wrists and ankles, preternaturally charged." When they stared at him slack-jawed, he shouted in a resonant voice, "Do it now."

The men leaped like he'd struck them, though they were thirty feet away. Angelica remained prone, only partially conscious. Half a minute later the doms returned, levitating in swift flight down the runway. A few seconds more and the job was done, the shackles sealed and cutting into her skin.

A third burst of applause sounded and he knew he'd finally done his job well enough. Though he would be wise to stay and parade her around, Angelica was in serious pain now and he'd had enough.

Leaning down, he gathered her up in his arms.

She moaned softly, regaining consciousness. "My arms and legs hurt and I think my wrists are bleeding." Her speech was slurred.

He hated that he'd hurt her so much. Unfortunately for her, things were about to get even more complicated. For one thing, he intended to shift into altered flight, a form of teleportation that would allow him to pass through solid matter. He'd be moving fast to get her out of the building, but that level of speed always hurt the average human.

"Sorry," he whispered. "But this next bit is really going to cause some pain."

Without trying to explain further, he flew her straight through the cavern wall. Her screams echoed in his ears, but she might as well get adjusted to her new reality as soon as possible.

Within his mind, he formed a picture of the two-story mansion he'd had built not far from the Starlin headquarters and like a homing beacon, the location drew him in. Within seconds he landed in his foyer.

He was about to explain that they'd be heading to Engles's after-auction gala, but Angelica pulled from his arms, whirled, and threw up all over his entry rug. She shook head-to-foot, the long scarf trailing in the vomit.

Holding her arm in a strong grip, he held her upright.

His housekeeper appeared. "Master Reyes? What's going on?"

"Mathilde, we have an addition to the household, a human. I just flew her in and she's airsick."

Mathilde frowned as her gaze took in the shackles. "Master, what have you done?"

"Just fix her some tea and get her a robe. Do it now."

"Yes, master." She left the room, heading back to the kitchen.

Angelica groaned and tried to lift a hand to her head, but the shackles prevented her. She stared at them. "You've bound me with chains? Oh, God, my head hurts almost more than I can bear. And my arms feel like they're on fire."

"You'll be fine in a few minutes."

He reached up and unpinned the headdress, letting it fall to the carpet away from her feet.

A moment later Mathilde and several of her housekeeping staff returned to help with Angelica. The women bundled her up in a robe and led her away. Even one of the maids turned and scowled at him. They'd all been slaves at one time or another and each knew exactly what preternaturally charged shackles felt like.

Of course, they couldn't know he'd just saved Angelica's life by buying her at auction.

For five million.

His turn to groan. What had he done? What impulse had led him to throw so many careful plans to the wind?

He could have saved five women tonight and cemented his position in the slavery community at the same time. Instead he'd used up a helluva lot of goodwill to rescue just one. And he'd made an enemy of Engles, the one man he'd needed to placate.

A string of obscenities flew through his head.

Mathilde returned. "We can't get the shackles off. Master, where did you get this woman?"

Two of the servants returned with buckets of water and sponges to work on the rug.

He moved past his housekeeper, a woman who had been with him for two decades now, and gestured with a wave of his hand for her to follow him. Part of him felt a compulsion to tell her the truth or at least some part of what had happened, but more than anything he needed to salvage his efforts to get into the belly of the Starlin Group.

Which meant he needed to figure out what to do with Angelica.

He moved into his library and waved her in, shutting the door behind her. "This woman is my slave and will be until I tell you otherwise."

Mathilde glared at him. "Your slave? I can't believe it. You, of all men, when you've been so tolerant."

"The past doesn't matter. She's my slave now, this is my domain and you're my servant. And you are not to question my decision or to speak of this to anyone outside my employ. Do you understand?"

"Yes, master."

"You'll be receiving a large parcel from Starlin in the next few minutes. I want everything unpacked as soon as possible."

"Yes, master." She pinched her lips together. "I just don't understand how you could do this. I lost a most beloved sister to slavers."

He kept his face impassive, but her horror and disgust mirrored his own. "I will treat her kindly, Mathilde. She will come to no harm on my watch, you for one should know that. I will only tell you that had I not bought her, Engles would have had her."

She gave a small cry, a hand pressed to her chest. Engles had bought Mathilde's sister at auction, and by all accounts she'd died in the middle of one of his sessions with her. Afterward he'd dumped her in the nearest ocean graveyard.

Tears touched her eyes. "These are terrible times in our world."

"Yes, they are, but she's to be my slave now."

Mathilde nodded, but her shoulders sagged. "Very well, but the shackles have hurt her. Can you at least have them removed?"

"Of course. I'll do it now."

Chapter Three

Angelica lay on a bed in what the housekeeper had told her was Reyes's guest suite. The kind woman had taken the pins from her hair, removed her ridiculously thick false eyelashes, and wiped her face. For all of that, she found herself grateful. Despite the amount of pain she was in, she wanted out of this horrible costume, every bit of evidence removed and destroyed that she'd ever been on that disgusting runway.

"The master will be here soon to remove the shackles. I'm sure of it."

Tears streamed from her eyes. She hadn't wanted to cry, but she was in physical agony from the steady pulse in her head as well as the horrible sensations flowing up both her arms and legs. A painful sensation, like an electrical charge, emanated from the point that the shackles pressed against her skin.

And Reyes had done this to her, the man who just a week ago she'd wanted to take home with her, the man she'd kissed, the man she'd thought was the one.

Now she had an entirely different view of him. It seemed he wasn't a man at all, but a beast, an animal, just like her jailers and all those people who'd participated in the auction.

She squeezed her eyes shut, forcing the tears to stop.

She realized that she had truly known nothing about the man she'd craved for months. The darkness she'd seen in him, which she'd understood as some kind of black ops background, had been far worse than anything she could have imagined.

Brogan Reyes was a slaver.

A slaver in some kind of alternate world that she found herself trapped in. The way they'd flown here and all the oddities she'd witnessed during her captivity confirmed it. When the housekeeper and the other servants left the room, she would have started looking for an escape route if she hadn't been in so much pain. As it was, she could only lie still and endure.

The door opened and her captor entered the room.

"Angelica, turn toward me and I'll get the shackles off."

Cringing at the sound of his voice, she rolled on the bed, unable to pull the robe around her; once more she lay exposed. The shackles were heavy, and a short chain between each set prevented much movement.

He looked damn serious as he knelt beside the bed with a tool in his hand that sort of looked like a screwdriver.

"Is this going to hurt more than it already does?"

But he didn't say anything. He just scowled as he placed the tool against the bolt holding together the manacle on her left hand. He tapped and at the same time, some kind of energy flowed.

And so did the pain. She screamed.

"Mathilde," Reyes shouted. "Get me a goddamn healer here. Now."

"I already called. She's on her way." The housekeeper moved back into the room to stand beside Reyes. She was very short and wore thick blond braids wrapped around the crown of her head. She sported an equally serious expression.

He pulled apart the first shackle. Though the weight was no longer there, the pain pulsing up Angelica's arm remained, and the skin at her wrist bled even more than before.

She wanted to tell him how much it hurt, but she didn't see the point. He was no longer someone she could ever think of as a friend. He'd bought her at auction and now no doubt thought of her exclusively as his property.

He glanced at her. "Preternaturally charged shackles cause a lot of pain, even when they're gone. That's why I called for the healer."

She didn't want a healer, which sounded very new age and probably wouldn't be of much use. She wanted a medical doctor, an emergency room, painkillers. And what did he mean, preternaturally charged?

She nodded, but she didn't know what else to say. She'd entered an extremely sadistic world, an experience that had begun with her abduction, moved on to a strange woman with curly red hair sending shards of pain through her br**sts, and ended at an auction with Reyes controlling her through the shackles he was now removing.

He repeated the process with the other manacle, and she screamed again. And just as Reyes had said, the removal of the shackles still left her arms feeling as though fire burned up to her shoulders.

He turned and went to work on her ankles. When she heard the punch of the tool against the shackle, the same electrical charge ripped through her leg so that she screamed all over again, then started sobbing.

The last tap of the tool sent pain flowing through the rest of her body. She writhed and screamed. "I hurt. Oh, God, I hurt."

"Master?" Another woman's voice this time.

"About time you got here. Dammit, help her."

"Yes, master."

Reyes drew back to allow the new arrival to take his place. She had light-brown hair and pinched gray eyes. She knelt beside the bed the way Reyes had done. The moment she put her hand on Angelica's head, however, sudden warm waves started passing through her; like magic, the fire in her arms and legs drifted away as though it had never existed.

The relief was so great that Angelica sobbed all over again.

But the woman continued to work on her, releasing some kind of healing touch with her hand so that in slow stages, even the terrible pain in her head eased up.

Angelica finally started to breathe again, deep draws into her aching lungs. She lay on her back so relieved that for a long time she couldn't even speak. Finally, she managed a weak "Thank you."

The woman nodded. "How do you feel?"

"I'm very tired, but my arms and legs no longer hurt and my headache is completely gone."

"Good. I'm happy to have been of service."

She rose to leave, but Angelica grabbed her arm and pleaded with her. "You have to help me. I'm a prisoner here."

The woman met her gaze, removing Angelica's hand gently at the same time. "I'm sorry, mistress, but I treat a lot of slaves. I can't do anything for you other than to tend your wounds. Have the master call me again if you have any other difficulties."

"Please, I can't stay here. I'll die if I have to live under this roof."

At that, the woman bowed to her, a strange, formal movement, but averted her gaze. "I have to go now. I wish you well." She then turned and hurried out.

"Please don't go."

Reyes appeared in the doorway, thunder on his brow as he slammed the door shut. "Don't ever do that again. Don't ever try to enlist either my servants or anyone else who comes into this house to help you to escape."

"I won't stay here. I promise you I'll never stop trying to get away from you." Her whole body shook as she spoke, but he ought to know the truth: that she wouldn't remain a victim, that she'd never give up trying to leave.

"You intend to just walk out the door?"

"That would make the most sense." She'd walk out, then she'd make her way to the nearest police station.

"And where exactly do you think you are that you can just open a door and leave?"

She looked around, then up at the ceiling. She blinked several times at an intricately carved flow of rock, beautiful in its way, but like nothing she'd ever seen before. She kept having her thinking knocked sideways at unexpected moments, and this was one of them. Other parts of the room looked quite normal: flat walls made of drywall, painted up, trimmed with baseboards and molding around the doorways.

Though the door was closed, she remembered seeing the hallway when Reyes had brought her into this room-she'd had a glimpse of another intricately carved rock wall. She'd seen similar walls while moving from her prison cell to the backstage of the theater.

She knew then she wouldn't find a door to the outside anywhere in this house. Reyes had built a very large mansion in the middle of a cave.

Finally, her gaze returned to him. "Where am I? What is this place? And how did we get here?"

He only shook his head, still very grim as he stared down at her.

A terrible sensation descended on her that she was in a place even worse than the prison cell she'd inhabited for the past week and the large room where she'd been auctioned.

She met and held his gaze as she leaned up on her elbows. "Tell me...please."

"The Como cavern system, in Italy, deep underground. Miles underground."

For the first time since she'd awakened in her cell, she felt truly and completely trapped. She stared for a long moment at her captor, a man she'd thought she'd known well enough to want to take him home with her, yet he lived underground. She'd never heard of such a thing. Other things that didn't make sense returned to her. "You said the chains had a preternatural charge."

He nodded slowly, holding her gaze, his expression solemn.

"One of my jailers spoke of wanting to take a draw from my throat. What did she mean?" The word hovered just at the edge of her consciousness, but she couldn't bring herself to think it.

He seemed almost angry as his jaw worked. But a moment later he parted his lips. She didn't at first recognize what she was looking at until his nostrils flared and his upper lip curled back.

Fangs. Like the ones he'd shown while making his bid and yelling at the other man. Fangs. They were real.

"Vampires," she said barely above a whisper. "Oh, God, this is a vampire world."

"A very secret one."

The room seemed to grow warm and even spin a little. She leaned her head back against the pillows once more and closed her eyes. This couldn't be true, couldn't be happening.

For the past week she'd tried to assimilate the horror she'd landed in, but her mind had refused to catch up. Instead she'd operated on some kind of raw instinct that had kept her from knowing the truth, from understanding where she was and what exactly had happened to her.

"Angelica."

When she opened her eyes, Reyes stood right next to the bed, his blue eyes dark in the dimly lit room. At least his fangs had disappeared.

She held a hand up as though to ward him off, but as she thought back on everything that had happened, one thing really didn't make sense to her. "I need to know something. Will you at least answer a question?"

He nodded.

"At the auction, when I said what I said, calling all those people perverts, why did that jump-start the bidding? Why did that make me such a hot commodity? I thought it would have the opposite effect, make me less attractive."

"You really must be naive-or were you just not paying attention? Think for a moment. What do you remember about the audience, those who had come to bid and to observe the bidding. What was going on?"

"I saw a lot of na**d flesh. Women, and even a few men, walking around with barely anything on, like those of us on the stage." Her stomach roiled. "And there was sex as well, in at least three different places. So that was some kind sick sex club."

"Keep thinking back. Did you hear screaming as well?"

She nodded, turning everything over in her mind. "So we're talking sadism."

"Exactly."

"And you belong to this club?"

He lifted his chin. "Just joined, and you were my first buy."

She stared at him, once more feeling like she'd been body-slammed. A week ago, she'd wanted to sleep with Reyes, and now he owned her. He'd hurt her as well, pinching her shoulder to force her to the runway floor, then putting on the painful shackles. She just couldn't believe this was who he really was.

He scowled heavily now, his nostrils flaring.

She realized suddenly that Reyes was angry, but she didn't know why. In fact, he seemed downright hostile toward her, which made no sense at all. He was the one with all the power in this situation. He could hurt her, use her, even torture her if he wanted to. She should be the only angry person here.

"Why are you so pissed off?" She sat up and swung her knees over the side of the bed. "I'm the victim in this situation, the slave."

"You want to know why?" He took a menacing step toward her, bumping against her knees, a hard light in his eye.

She nodded, but he scared her like this. She pulled her robe tight across her chest.

"Because you've just f**ked up my plans."

"What are you talking about? What plans?"

Reyes stared at her for a long moment, wishing Angelica had a little less spirit. He had no intention of sharing his mission with her, but she presented a serious dilemma for him. He needed to take a very submissive slave to Engle's after-auction party, not a willful human female full of questions and outrage.

In order to sustain his cover, she'd have to be obedient to him, even frightened of him, throughout the entire event. He'd all but made an enemy of the one man who could lead him to the power behind the Starlin Group. But if he took Angelica to the party in her present condition, Engles would know the truth, that all this time Reyes had been fronting, and his cover would be blown.

Right now he had to get away from her, to think, to figure out just how to get her to submit to him. "You're to stay in this room until I summon you."

He turned on his heel and walked swiftly out of the guest suite, heading in the direction of the foyer and the broad, curved staircase. More than anything, he loathed that she thought him a slaver, but he saw no other way around the issue. He needed her to play a role, and the only way that made sense was if he brought her into submission so that no matter what, she'd do as she was told.

When he reached the foyer, he pulled his phone from the pocket of his tux and called his head of security, ordering guards to be placed at each door of his mansion. To keep Angelica safe, he had to make certain she didn't try to leave his house. This exclusive section of the Como system housed a lot of Starlin members, and if she was caught on the run, Angelica could disappear into another slaver's house and never be seen again.

Runaways were fair game.

He wished to hell he could tell her the truth, but he'd be risking too much, which meant he had to make her believe that she truly was his slave and her survival depended on doing his bidding.

Which meant he had to break her will and do it fast. Most of the time, it took very little to make a human submit-a threat of pain coupled with the taste of great pleasure beneath his fangs if she obeyed. Angelica wasn't the typical human female, however, and he worried that if he started down this road he'd be forced to do things to her that would make him as bad as Engles.

A cold shudder went through him, but he really didn't have a choice.

As he started up the stairs, he heard her bare feet slapping against the slate floor. She called out, "This isn't right and you need to let me go. I don't care that you bought me at some kind of freak-ass auction. I'm not a slave and you can't make me one."

Pausing on the third step and gripping the handrail, he turned to stare down at her as he considered his next move. He'd intended only to retrieve the outfit she'd need for the party and bring it to her, and afterward make her a couple of serious threats that he hoped might bring her in line. But she'd just proved yet again that breaking her will would be no simple thing.

Two of his guards arrived and took up positions on either side of the massive wood front door.

She watched them, her brows raised. He thought their arrival could work in his favor because the men were one more signal her brain clearly needed to help clarify her present reality.

He held a hand out to her. "Come with me. I think it's time we had a heart-to-heart."

She looked wary and didn't move for a long moment. But after glancing once more at the guards, she finally put her feet in motion.

He led her up the stairs, then to the east wing that housed his private quarters, recently renovated to enhance his slaver identity.

He threw the doors wide, then passed by his bedroom, taking his time so she could see the level of his wealth. Money was power, another piece of information she clearly needed to figure out.

He had a sitting room on the right, then his exercise and massage rooms, and finally an expansive bathroom with a deep soaking tub in addition to a walk-in shower.

She didn't say anything, but she'd slowed her movements to look around, which he took as a good sign.

The last room had cost him over a million, having required the dredging out of tons of rock. But the investment had speeded up his Starlin membership since the room had met the approval of several Starlin men who'd come to make an inspection.

As he grasped the door handle, he looked back at her. Most of her makeup was long gone, and her hair had come down to hang about her shoulders. She was in a state of disarray and looked ridiculously vulnerable as she held her head high. Even like this, with reddened eyes, she was damn beautiful. How he hated that fate had somehow put her in this heinous position.

She met his gaze. "So what's beyond the door? What is it you need to show me? I'm guessing it's some kind of oversized closet for your billionaire wardrobe."

"See for yourself."

He pushed the door wide, flipped on the lights that dotted the wood ceiling, then stepped aside to make way for her. "This is the game room, a place you and I will be spending a lot of time, starting now, actually."

She moved in slowly, then gasped. "Oh, God. What is this?"

He'd designed the space based on one of the rooms Sweet Dove had kept in her sprawling home. She'd taken him there on an almost nightly basis. The result was essentially a padded torture chamber full of masks, whips, a variety of implements for cutting, two different kinds of tables with straps and stirrups, and a wall of chains and manacles.

Taking hold of Angelica's arm, he pulled her into the room, then turned to lock the door. He'd positioned the dead bolt high so that no slave could reach it.

She turned to him, wide-eyed, a frown between her brows. "You can't be serious."

He could explain everything to her, or he could show her. He knew she'd been through a lot, but she needed to get with the program now. If he wanted to sustain his reputation in this lifestyle, he needed Angelica on a leash and her demeanor properly subdued by the time he took her to Engles's home.

"You're going to learn to obey me, Angelica. I won't have you fighting me, not here in my home or in public. I own you now, you're my slave, get used to it and do it fast. I've been working for years to gain admittance into the Starlin Group and I'm not about to let you f**k it up.

"Now, we'll be going to a party in a couple of hours, and while we're there I need you on your knees the moment I tell you to get on your knees."

A look of horror passed over her features. "To do what?"

"I think you know exactly what that means."

She shook her head. "This can't be happening and like hell I'm going down on you in public. I'd rather die."

He'd hoped the mere sight of the room would start softening her belligerence. Instead she was more obstinate than ever.

Time for phase two.

He shifted to altered flight, scooped her up, and slapped her against the wall that dangled with chains. He bound her up vampire-fast so that she was once more shackled, and spread-eagled within seconds, her robe gaping wide, her body on display, her feet on the floor. The only difference was that these shackles weren't preternaturally charged and except for their weight wouldn't hurt her.

"What are you doing?"

He got up close. "I've already told you. I'm helping you get a good picture of your new life so that you can adjust your attitude accordingly. I want you submissive and meek, and it looks like you need a lesson or two to get you started.

"But feel free to shout. Scream your head off. This room is soundproof and if one of the servants happens by, well, let's just say that everyone in this house is loyal to me and serves only me. You can't turn a single person in the immediate twenty square miles against me. You can't escape, you can't run, you can't hide. I'm here. I'm your master. And you'll do as I say. Do we have an understanding yet?"

"I understand that you can go straight to hell."

He let out a roar of frustration, but her gaze never wavered from his. Shit, this was going to get ugly if he had the smallest hope of breaking her will.

"Let me go home."

"Not gonna happen."

Angelica stared at Reyes, her captor, a self-proclaimed slaver.

Her mind was still working to make sense of all that had happened to her. She knew she was still in shock, yet she had to pull herself together enough to withstand his attempts to break her.

She got that the man she'd kissed not long ago, the man she'd wanted so badly, was a monster, the worst kind, sadistic and brutal. The room spoke of the kinds of things he intended to do to her. In addition, the nature of the auction, as well as the horrible acts going on in that room, made her future clear.

Yet she rejected all of it, with every ounce of her being.

Her heart pounded in her chest. "I'll never stop trying to escape this captivity. You have to know that. No matter what you do to me right now."

He moved in closer and pressed a hand to her throat. "Do you know how easily I could kill you, snap your neck, or just choke you to death?"

He squeezed her windpipe, making it hard to breathe. She felt his latent strength and trembled.

"All I want you to do is submit to me. That's all."

Though tears bit her eyes, she refused to bend. If she had to die, then so be it.

She closed her eyes and waited, but after another few seconds the pressure eased up.

She blinked and stared into cold blue eyes.

"How did you enjoy that, Angelica? I can choke you repeatedly without taking your life. How about I do that to you for months or years, only each time I'll take you just a little closer to death. How does that sound?"

"Go to hell." Her voice was hoarse as she spoke. "I despise you."

"What you're not getting is that I don't care what you think of me. All I need is for you to say 'Yes, master,' and mean it." His hand slid down her throat to her br**sts. He caressed her, in much the same way that horrible woman had done earlier in the week.

"Does that feel good?" He was even using the same line the woman had used.

"I hate that you're touching me."

"You can learn to love my touch, or fear it, the choice is yours." He pinched her nipple and the same kind of fire that had penetrated her breast at that woman's hand touched her again, a threat that could get much worse. But now she understood that this was some kind of vampire ability.

"All I have to do is let my energy flow and you'll be screaming. Is that what you want? Pain so bad that you'll pass out?" He leaned close. "I don't want to do this to you and you can make it stop. Just submit to me, because, trust me, I can keep this up for hours."

"She did the same thing to me, only much worse, and I didn't relent then," Angelica said. "Why would I give in to you now?"

He released her breast, frowning. "What do you mean, she?"

Angelica's knees had started feeling rubbery, and she was grateful he'd backed off. He hadn't hurt her the way the woman had, but he could have and might yet. "The woman at the prison, with this cloud of red curly hair. She came to see me, said she was tempted to buy me herself. I didn't get it, then, but I do now. She's a sadistic slaver, just like you."

He didn't say anything for a long moment. Finally, he said, "Describe the woman. What did she look like, besides her red hair?"

"Why should I tell you?"

But the moment the words left her mouth, his hand was around her throat again, squeezing. "What did she look like?" His eyes were wild. "Goddammit, Angelica, what the f**k did she look like? You've got to tell me. This is important."

She blinked several times, stunned by the sudden intense look in his eye. The woman meant something to him, something really bad. "Her eyes were a dark blue. She had a small mouth, pale skin. She was beautiful and ugly at the same time. She hurt me."

"And she was at the prison, where you were held?"

She nodded.

She didn't know why, but Reyes released her throat, then stepped away from her, sweeping a hand down his face. He bent over as if in sudden pain. After a moment, however, he rose up and straightened his shoulders, coming back to himself. Whatever memories this woman had evoked, he appeared to have shunted aside.

He met her gaze again, his eyes narrowed as though contemplating his next move. "If pain doesn't affect you, maybe the opposite will."

When he moved toward her this time, she trembled all over again but for a different reason as his gaze roved her body. He drew close, pushing her robe aside. "You have beautiful br**sts. That dress you wore at the Ocean Club still gets me going when I think about it. But what would please you, I wonder?" He leaned down and suckled her breast.

"Don't do this," she whispered. She'd had fantasies about Reyes before her abduction, all of which she'd enjoyed.

But right now she was horrified that he would do this to her while she was chained to a wall. For some reason it seemed worse to her than the feel of his hand at her throat, or the fire at her breast, that while holding her captive, he would pleasure her.

In a louder voice, she said, "You sick bastard, stop it. I hate what you're doing."

He slowly dropped to his knees, looking up at her at the same time. "You don't get a say in this, slave. You've felt the stick, now let me show you the real advantage of surrendering your will to mine."

His tongue swirled over her sensitive navel, then began a low, purposeful glide toward the flesh between her legs.

"No, please don't."

The shackles held her prisoner and there was nothing she could do to stop him as his hands glided up and down her legs. But before his tongue found her most tender flesh, he rose up in front of her.

As much as she hated him, there was no denying how handsome the man was, his eyes like the clearest water as he held her gaze.

Then his nostrils flared as his gaze roved her throat. He slid a hand around the back of her neck, and to her horror she watched as his fangs emerged.

"Don't bite me. Don't you dare f**king bite me."

"You think you've felt pleasure before? You have no idea what's about to happen, and once I've given you this ride you'll be begging for more."

She had little strength left to fight him when he tilted her head to the side, then struck with his fangs.

She winced at the sudden sting, but a moment later, as he began to draw from her neck, a new layer of desire rushed through her, a kind of euphoria she'd never known before.

She wanted to scream her frustration at feeling so many unwelcome sensations, but he was right: the pleasure she felt grew more intense with each draw from her neck. It hit her like the strongest drug, and while part of her raged against it, she was powerless to stop the waves of bliss that overtook her.

He suckled greedily, groaning as he took her blood down his throat. She felt each draw in a heavy pulse deep between her legs. He slid an arm around her now, caressing her bottom once more, then anchored his h*ps against hers.

Through his pants, she felt the thick rope of his erection and groaned once more. He arched his hips, pressing into her flesh in just the right way so that she cried out.

Maybe it was the complete despair of the moment, or the fact that she was fully aroused, but her body took over and she writhed against him, an orgasm building. Her whole body felt sensitized so that as his h*ps pressed into her repeatedly, pleasure ran up and down her arms and legs, her back, and over her br**sts.

His h*ps moved faster, pummeling her now with swift strikes that brought her closer and closer to the edge. Even his suckling increased in speed.

The sound of the moans he made added another layer-so that suddenly she flew straight over the cliff, crying out once more as a lightning flow of ecstasy rushed through her, taking her high into the stratosphere.

Pleasure peaked, fell back, then peaked again. He kept working her body, kept drinking from her throat, and she cried out repeatedly, pleasure, just as he'd promised, rolling through her again and again.

She finally came back to earth, her body growing quiet as he released her throat.

He planted his hands on the wall on either side of her head, staring into her eyes, his expression as serious as ever. He was breathing hard, his brow pinched. She knew without having to be told that though he'd been aroused, he hadn't come and the experience had no doubt left him in pain.

For that, she couldn't feel bad. He ought to suffer.

Her legs didn't want to support her and her arms had started to hurt. Not that her captor cared.

Her mind spun in circles. She'd gone from Reyes frightening her to giving her the most incredible release she'd ever known.

But her stomach boiled with anger and disgust. Just because he'd brought her didn't mean she'd thank him for it, or even value what had just happened.

On the contrary, something about having been worked up sexually against her will served to strengthen her determination.

"You'll never break me. You can tear my flesh apart with one of those whips, you can give me a thousand orgasms, but I promise you, I will never submit to you willingly."

Chapter Four

Reyes stared into Angelica's hard brown eyes. He'd just introduced her to a new world of sensation that would have taken any other human female to her knees. Instead she glared at him.

He knew from his own experience that every man or woman could be broken, given enough time, and he knew that eventually he could make her submit. However, given her spirit, the process would require days, maybe even weeks to accomplish, and he didn't have that kind of time.

He knew something else as well. He couldn't do it. What he'd done tonight had been something he'd promised himself he'd never do: force either a human or a vampire to do anything against his or her will.

Yet that's exactly what he'd done.

Worse still, when he'd sent a light preternatural charge through her breast, giving a hint of the kind of pain he was capable of inflicting, she'd told him something that had sent him reeling.

If he was right, the woman who had hurt her might very well have been Sweet Dove herself. The physical description matched and the terrible truth was that he'd learned from her how to focus his power into a debilitating stream in order to cause pain. How many times had she hurt him in just that way, sometimes to create sexual pleasure, other times to torture him just for her gratification?

Guilt and shame washed through him, and slowly he set about unlocking Angelica's shackles. When she was free, she rubbed her wrists, then tied up her robe. She moved slowly to sit on the nearby padded table.

Her shoulders were slumped with fatigue, but her eyes still sparked defiantly.

Despite his guilt over trying to break her, he knew by the look in her eye that he'd done the right thing in buying her. If Engles had won the bid, he would have battered her senseless by now, savoring how hard she fought him. But she would have died within a few days because he would have beaten her, broken her bones, cut her to ribbons.

One of only two things was going to happen from this point forward. He would tell her about his mission and either she would agree to help him or the game was over. There was simply no way he could take Angelica in her present state to Engles's mansion and have anyone believe that he'd brought her under his command, that she was truly his slave.

But would she ever agree to help him after what he'd just put her through?

He removed a soft linen handkerchief from the pocket of his pants and wiped any remaining blood from his lips. He'd almost come at least three times while taking down her life force. She'd tasted as sweet as her blood had smelled and he was satisfied-another reality that filled him with guilt.

He paced slowly, trying to find the right way to tell her the truth and to ask for her help. At this point, however, he'd be stunned if she ever believed another word that came out of his mouth.

Finally, he moved to stand in front of her, then swept an arm to encompass the room. "So none of this really frightens you?"

She glanced around. "Actually, I'm frightened out of my mind, I'm just too worn out to show it. Any chance you can leave me in peace for a while? Let me get some sleep?"

"I wish I could, but there's something I need to explain to you. I'm not a slaver and you're not really my slave."

She held up both hands. "You're driving me crazy. What does that mean, I'm not your slave? From the time you brought me here, you've messed with my mind. You hurt me badly, then did all that shit to me while I was chained against the wall, and now you're telling me you're not a slaver?"

"I need you to listen to me. For a long time now, I've been working to infiltrate the Starlin Group, the same outfit that abducted you and forced you to walk down that runway. This organization is one of the most powerful sex-slavery rings in our world.

"When I told you to leave the Ocean Club that night, I was trying to warn you that you were being scoped by a Starlin acquisition team, a group trained to hunt all over the world for beautiful but vulnerable women who could be removed from their lives without significant repercussions."

She blinked. She looked exhausted, which of course she would be. She'd already been through hell before he'd brought her into his home, then he'd added to her misery.

Her shoulders fell a little more. "But you told me you joined this group, that I was your first buy."

"Both of those things are true, but I didn't buy you to keep you as a slave."

"Then what did you buy me for?"

"For one essential reason, to uphold my reputation as a slaver."

"But you just said you're not a slaver."

"No, I'm not."

She glanced at the chains on the wall, the whips, the knives. "So what is all this? Are you saying you don't use this room?"

"Never, not until tonight."

She shook her head in disbelief. "You're lying. You're a f**king, lying bastard and you're messing with me again. How can I believe you? You hurt me just now, or at least you showed me how much you could hurt me if I didn't do as you said. Then you used your fangs on me. I'm just surprised you didn't shove your c**k between my legs and take the whole thing the rest of the way."

"I wanted to. Believe me, I wanted nothing more."

She released a heavy sigh. "So you drew the line at raping me."

"Yes. I did."

"You're disgusting."

He saw the level of her revulsion and knew he wasn't explaining things well enough yet. "I bought you to support the role I'm playing as a slaver."

"What role?"

"I have only one goal here, Angelica, to bring Starlin down. And I still want to. When I succeed in destroying this slavery ring, I'll be saving tens of thousands of lives, maybe more. These auctions will end forever. That's how I've justified, until this moment, doing to you what I just did. I don't know how else to say this to you, except that I'm deep undercover and I have a plan. A damn good one."

"And that's what you meant when you said I f**ked up your plans?"

He nodded. "That's what I meant. What I did in buying you has put me an inch away from blowing my cover."

"And I'm supposed to believe you?"

"Yes, because it's the truth, the only one that matters right now."

"And it's Starlin who abducted me and all those other women there tonight, parading our bodies and selling us at auction."

He nodded again. He could see that she was turning all this new information over in her mind, so he waited.

Finally, she met his gaze straight-on. "Let's say I choose to believe you for now. So tell me about this Starlin Group. I take it they're a significant player."

"One of the biggest."

He gave her numbers, something an accountant would appreciate: The Starlin Group moved twenty thousand human women through its organization every year. Between the prostitution houses they owned in a number of countries worldwide, as well as the auctions they sustained in the vampire world, they generated eighteen billion dollars a year.

Then he added the worst stat of all: without exception the human slaves died, so the inventory had to be replaced at a quick, steady pace.

She stared at him, a deep frown drawing her brows together. "All of them?"

He nodded once, slowly.

"How? Why?"

"In a slave situation, a certain percentage of humans, about fifteen percent, will not live beyond the two-week mark even if they're treated well. Ultimately, it's a matter of the will."

She pressed a fist into her cheek, her eyes pinched. "And after the two-week period?"

"A second transition occurs at six months, but the survival rate drops to fifty percent. Beyond that, only a handful live past two years."

"Oh, dear God. So my life expectancy, in the best of circumstances, would have only been two years."

He nodded. "But I also want to stress that in the Starlin Group, the percentages are much worse."

"Because of the sadistic element."

"Yes. The torture. Humans just don't hold up well."

"Are there other auction houses in your world?"

"A few, but not at this level."

"And you intend to take this beast down."

Again, he nodded.

"Are you working alone?"

"Pretty much."

"But how can one man really bring down an entire organization?"

"It will still take time, but the most critical element is that I need to find out who runs this show. The head guy, the brains behind the operation, must be eliminated first. After that, I'll use my resources to take every single member of this club down, one by one, until nothing is left.

"Despite my efforts to find him, the man who's behind Starlin remains one of the biggest secrets in our world. He goes by the code name Scorpion, and to my knowledge only one man has access to him, a man called Engles."

She frowned slightly, tilting her head. "Do you know, I used to think you had to be involved in black ops missions of some kind. You had that look. I'm beginning to think my first assessment of your character was right. So are you some kind of military man in your world?"

He shook his head. "No, not at all."

She looked him up and down. "You're big enough. You look like you could take anyone down, which means the real question on my mind right now is why you're so intent on breaking up the sex-slavery operations in your world? Why are you so determined to destroy Starlin? Why do you even care?"

She got right to the heart of the matter, he'd give her that, but just how much he should tell her, he wasn't sure.

On the other hand, he suspected that to hold back now, to not tell her the truth, would be the last straw for her. And because he was so close to really getting inside Starlin, he decided to risk it all. He'd tell her what he'd never told another living soul, vampire or otherwise.

He drew a deep breath and held her gaze steadily. "I was a sex slave once, held by my captor for over a century. I know what it is to endure abduction and sale on the block. Everything you would have suffered as a slave, had another man won the bid and brought you to a room like this, I experienced at the hands of my captor. But worse." She opened her mouth to speak, but he held up a hand. "I'm not willing to talk about what happened to me, except that it was bad, as bad as it gets. That I survived is nothing short of miraculous, but every day I promised myself that if I ever escaped, I'd tear this depraved part of our world down, if I had to do it with my own bare hands."

Angelica wondered if she'd ever be able to blink again. She still sat on the table, her hands clasped tightly together, staring at Reyes, and trying with all her might to process so many revelations: his mission, his reason for buying her, and the fact that he'd suffered as a sex slave himself.

She looked away from him, letting this new tsunami of information sweep over her. That feeling of having been tackled hard and slammed to earth struck her again.

She met his gaze once more. "So if I've truly understood you and if I can believe you, then you saved my life by buying me at auction."

"More than you know. Damien Engles, the man I referred to earlier, had made it clear to me before the auction began that he intended to purchase you and that I was not to interfere. But I already knew his reputation. Human slaves don't live longer than a week in his house. He savors the killing element as part of sexual gratification. The worst kind of monster."

"And he was intent on having me."

"Absolutely. He liked your fighting spirit, your defiance."

Reyes turned suddenly, crossing to a nearby shelf and picking up what looked like a small leather bag. When he returned to her, he pulled out a weird-looking glove, then slipped it on. "I want you to take a good look at this."

Her gaze moved slowly down to his hand-and what she saw forced all the air from her lungs. Each fingertip held a sharp steel claw. She tried to breathe, but couldn't. Every part of her body felt frozen, immobile. Nothing she'd been exposed to in this world had truly sunk in, not even his comments about sadism and torture, until she stared down at the leather device. The middle finger had two claws, about a quarter inch apart. "And this group uses this thing?"

"Some do. Engles, most certainly."

She shook her head, staring at him. He tucked the glove back into the bag and in a quick flick of his wrist tossed it back on the shelf.

She pulled the lapels of her robe tight together once more. Her voice came out on a whisper. "You didn't just save my life, you saved me from a kind of torture I can't even begin to imagine. My God."

For a long moment, she covered her face with both hands. She didn't think she'd ever be able to get the image of that glove out of her mind. But maybe that was a good thing, given her present circumstances.

She'd thought Reyes an absolute monster when he'd put a hand to her throat, giving her a warning about what he could do to her if he wanted to. But he hadn't actually hurt her. Of course, he'd definitely caused her pain on the runway, but now she understood why he'd felt compelled to do so: to show he could command his newly bought slave. He was playing his role, supporting his cover.

"Angelica, I need to be honest with you. I hadn't intended to buy you like I did, especially since my plans depended on Engles having his way. I acted on impulse when I started bidding for you, because I knew that not only would you be tortured, but you'd be dead within a few days and I couldn't have lived with myself. But dammit, Engles is the key to my mission." He shook his head several times in a row. "Now, however..."

"This could already be a shitfest for you."

"To put it succinctly. I bid against the most powerful man in the organization, short of Scorpion himself."

She frowned as she met his gaze again. "You're asking for my help, aren't you? That's why you've told me all this."

"Yes, but there's something else you should know before you make a decision. These people, Angelica, they're evil personified. If they question who I am and what I'm doing, I'll be dead and you'll be auctioned again. So you'll need to think about that."

He ran a hand through his hair and glanced at the place he'd chained her up, shaking his head. "Shit, I should have been up front with you from the beginning. I should have asked you straight out for your help, the moment I brought you back to my home. I should have laid it all out as soon as I removed the shackles in the guest room."

At that, she slid from the table and punched him in the shoulder, a thump that caused his brows to lift as he stared down at her. "Yes, you should have, and why didn't you? Did you think I would refuse, especially knowing that you saved me from a true sadist like Engles? I would have forgiven what you did. Now I don't know what to do."

"I thought I had a better shot at pulling the whole thing off if I forced your submission. If you're not willing to cooperate, or you can't pull it off, though, all the work I've done is for nothing."

"Can't you just go to the party without me?"

He snorted. "There'd be no point. I'm on thin ice as it is. If I didn't show up with you, the whole thing would be over."

"So it's all on me."

"I don't want you to think of it that way. That's unfair to you-you never asked for any of this. If you can't continue, I'll walk away. I'll figure out a new strategy and rebuild. It'll mean a shift in direction, no question. But this current plan will be dead, that much is true, and right now I'm okay with that. No one deserves to be ripped from their lives and I promise you that if you decide to return immediately to your old life, I'll see to it that you're safe from Starlin."

She nodded several times, processing, running the numbers, thinking through everything he'd told her. Reyes needed her to play the role of a woman bought at auction to sustain his mission. And if everything he'd said was true, on some level she owed him. But she'd have to be subservient to him, willing to do anything in public to prove her submission.

"How long have you been building this cover?"

"Decades."

"Seriously? It took you decades to be able to join this freak show?"

He nodded. "They're extremely protective of their organization. I've done things I'm not proud of to prove that I've embraced the lifestyle."

"Jesus." She rubbed her forehead with her fist. "And you'd give this all up if I said the word, if I said I wanted nothing to do with it, if I couldn't play this role, if I just wanted to go home and be done with it all?"

He nodded solemnly, and she believed him.

Angelica searched his eyes, seeing once again the man she'd been so attracted to back at the Ocean Club, for all those months. She hadn't been wrong about him after all, even if he was a different species and his cover meant that he did things she knew she wouldn't approve of.

But could she really do this? Could she step into the role of sex slave and perform well enough to secure his reputation? Could she keep her opinions to herself, her eyes lowered, her voice submissive as she spoke? Or worse, if the situation called for it, could she engage in certain activities publicly in order to sustain his cover? Or would she end up jeopardizing his mission by saying or doing the wrong thing at the wrong time?

Beyond what her role would entail, however, was the prospect of returning home. He'd just told her that she could go back to her life if that was what she wanted.

She was an accountant who worked long hours in her firm, but wasn't that crazy about her occupation. Mostly she worked the kind of overtime she did to help support her mother, who'd been ill for years. Her aunt was with her now, so Angelica wouldn't truly be missed for another week or more, but all of those essentials reminded her why she'd gone to the Ocean Club in the first place.

Her life had become a rut.

If she went back now, nothing would be materially different. Of course, she had no idea if her job would be waiting for her when she returned, but she could always look for another accounting job. It was more than that, though.

As she stared into Reyes's eyes, she understood his purpose, why he felt called to stop others from being abused as they had been. "How long do you think you'd need me in this role?"

His eyes lit up. "Just for tonight. After that I could fake your death, which would go a long way with Starlin. I just need to parade you at the party for a few hours. It won't be pleasant, however. That much you really do need to understand."

"But it would only be for tonight."

"Exactly."

She thought about the other women who'd been auctioned off tonight, and somehow she came to her decision. The least she could do was give Reyes's plan a chance.

"Okay, then. I could do this for one night. I know I could, and I think I owe you that. It's clear to me that you saved my life and that if you hadn't bid against Engles, well, I don't want to think about what I'd be going through right now." She glanced briefly at the leather pouch on the shelf and repressed a shudder.

"Angelica, I don't know what to say, except that I'm grateful and I'm equally sorry that I put you through all that earlier."

"You were doing what you felt needed to be done." She clapped her hands together. "Okay, so, what happens next? Although to be honest I wouldn't turn down a meal. I'm starved." This was the first time in the past week she'd actually had an appetite.

"I'll have my housekeeper send up some homemade soup. How does that sound?"

"Perfect."

He moved past her, heading in the direction of the door. "Your measurements were taken while you were imprisoned. Starlin always provides an initial wardrobe for the auctioned women, including makeup and all kinds of lotions and hair care products. By now my servants will have unpacked everything for you."

He led her to his bathroom, which proved large enough to roller-skate in. White marble covered the floors, walls, ceiling, and a long vanity area. Two sinks had gold fixtures. Given all that she saw, she had no reason to doubt the gold was real.

She followed him as he moved into what proved to be a large closet with a dressing area and a full-length mirror. Most of the space was empty except for a row of barely-there garments that made use of leather and sequins, feathers and chains, and a variety of sheer fabrics.

Reyes went through them, sliding the hangers along the rod in quick swipes, his expression as grim as ever.

He chose the red costume that seemed to have the most fabric, and that wasn't saying much. From a row of shoes, he picked up a pair of matching red sequined pumps with five-inch stilettos. "These will have to do. I'll apologize now, but the truth is I'm going to hate everyone staring at you."

She glanced at him and realized there was a hint of jealousy in his tone, but she didn't say anything. As at the auction, once again, most of her body would be on display no matter which outfit he chose.

He took the costume and hung it back up, putting the shoes back on the rack. "While Mathilde prepares a tray for you, why don't you have a bath?"

She glanced at the soaking tub and nodded. "I'd really like that."

"I'll leave you alone, then."

He left the room and she immediately turned on the waterfall-filling feature and poured in some bubble bath. As the tub filled she hunted through the drawers and found that he'd described things exactly right: she had more cosmetics, lotions, powders, oils, and hairstyling implements than she could use in a decade. After finding a brush she took her time getting rid of the tangles, then pinned her hair up off her neck.

The bubbles were a beautiful mound when she returned to the tub. She let her robe fall to the floor and climbed in.

For the first time in a week, her body relaxed. She sank to her neck, closed her eyes, and let out a deep, shuddering breath. For the moment, she was safe, and if all went well she'd be home by morning.

After she'd soaked for a few minutes, Reyes knocked and asked if he could come in: her meal was ready.

Relief once more rolled through her. She was no longer a slave, but had the simple right of granting or refusing permission for anyone to enter a bathroom. With bubbles covering her head-to-foot, she thought it could do no harm. "Come in."

His brows rose as he saw her. "Better?"

"A little. Yes. Thank you." She felt nervous suddenly. He'd already seen her completely naked, yet somehow this felt more intimate.

He held the tray cradled in one arm, and opened the door the rest of the way with his free hand. She watched him set the tray on a chair, then adjust a nearby rolling table to bathtub height. When he had the height to his satisfaction, and poised over her chest, he placed the tray on top.

The soup smelled heavenly, and her stomach growled. He'd provided a small glass of red wine as well. He said nothing as he left the room.

She scooted up to a better sitting position and pulled the table closer.

The soup proved to be a flavorful lentil, and each spoonful tasted like heaven. For the first time in a week, she ate without the fear of having one of her captors show up and start demanding things.

And by all appearances, Reyes intended to honor her basic boundaries.

Without warning, her mind slipped back to the moment when Reyes was drinking from her throat, the absolute bliss of it and the attending sexual need. Now that she understood him and his purpose, a powerful wave of desire swept through her once more, despite all that she'd been through.

After months of fantasizing about the man, how strange to think that he wasn't a man at all-or at least not a human male. He was a vampire, from a secret world that most of the human population knew nothing about.

With her meal consumed, and her skin starting to wrinkle, she finally left the tub and started getting ready for the after-auction party. She went into the closet and found a clean robe to replace the one she'd worn earlier, this one a beautiful jade silk. She returned to the vanity area and the overstocked makeup drawer.

She sat on the cushy stool and debated how to do her makeup. In the end, for her own sanity, she chose to keep it simple. Despite the revealing nature of the costume, being able to select it herself gave her a sense of control.

Maybe she would have to parade around in a sequined outfit that barely covered her ni**les and didn't cover her ass at all, but she wouldn't do up her eyes like they had for the auction, with false eyelashes that looked like a pair of small black fans.

Having wept off most of her makeup earlier, she added back a little gray eye shadow, a thin line of eyeliner, some mascara, and just a hint of blush.

As for her hair, she took some time with a curling iron, then arranged it all in soft layers the way she usually wore it. She finally worked herself into the minuscule, snug red costume, then stepped into the sequined stilettos and headed to the sitting room.

Time to start playing her new role.

Reyes sat in a brown leather chair, opposite the bedroom. He sipped a different scotch this time, a Bowmore '64. He'd acquired the taste for fine whiskey during his captivity, Sweet Dove having been as generous as she was sadistic, a real f**king paradox.

He swirled the amber liquid, sipped, savored.

He still felt guilty that he hadn't done a better job at warning Angelica away from the Ocean Club sooner, but he couldn't change the past. He also knew he'd made the right decision by telling her about his mission.

He'd get her home as soon as he could, but she'd only truly be safe if he took the Starlin Group down. He heard the door to the bathroom open and the sound of her heels on the hardwood floors.

He leaned back in his chair. He really didn't want to see Angelica in a fantasy outfit. He already lusted after her, so having her soft curves on display without much covering her up was going to make the situation something of a trial for him.

She appeared and time slowed to standstill as his gaze drifted over her body. The barely-there costume made use of a handkerchief's worth of sheer red fabric, along with a few sequin-embellished triangles that covered her ni**les, her peach, and little else. A few narrow straps held everything together.

She put her hands at the hem of the material that dipped just below her navel. She flipped it up and down a couple of times. "Feels a little breezy, otherwise it fits quite well."

At that he smiled. This was the woman he knew, the one who had kissed him at the Ocean Club, who'd made him think that maybe his life could be more than he imagined.

Her legs went on about a mile, slender and shapely. Red-painted toenails peeked through the cutouts in the front of her sequined shoes.

He set his tumbler on the table at his elbow and stood up.

He wasn't going to even bother concealing his arousal, though the coat helped.

Even so her gaze took him in, and her brows rose. "So does this mean you don't find anything wrong with this getup at all?"

He shrugged. "Only that we have to leave this room. As I said before, I really hate the idea of other men seeing you like this."

"Vampires, you mean."

"We're all males. Human or vampire, we think with our dicks."

She chuckled but after a moment, she frowned slightly. "Will everything else do? I saw about ten sets of false eyelashes but I couldn't bring myself to use them."

He loved her appearance right now with just a little makeup, the same way she'd looked at the club, fresh, earthy, very feminine. "You look fine. In fact, I think you look wonderful."

A short leash, also covered in red sequins, dangled from her hand. She held it up. "I suppose I have to wear this."

He crossed to her and took the leash. "It's probably the most important thing you will wear tonight. In its way, it'll protect you, because it will keep us connected."

He unbuckled the collar, from which several thin loops of silver chains hung. Pushing her hair over her shoulder, he reached up behind her neck and secured it without making it too tight.

When he was done, she planted her hands on his arms, which surprised him.

"Reyes, I'd like to thank you."

"What for?"

She took a deep breath. "I've had time to think, to process, and I realize now what you've done, that you really did risk so much to save my life. I also think it's incredibly selfless of you to be working on behalf of all these enslaved men and women."

He cleared his throat and pulled away. "I think it's generous of you to say that, but you may be cursing me by the end of this evening. You're going to see some shit tonight, and it can't be helped. You might even be required to perform, if you get my drift. Are you sure you're up for that?"

"I've already told you I am. I'll do whatever's needed."

"Okay, then."

She surprised him all over again. His threats and sexual violation had accomplished nothing, but asking for her help had brought him more success than he would have believed possible.

He clamped the other end of the leash around his right wrist. "Before we go, is there anything you'd like to know?"

"Actually, there is, and I think it has something to do with your world. While I was at the parking lot of the Ocean Club, I got the feeling that no one actually saw my abduction even though there were plenty of people coming and going. How was that possible?"

"Many of us have an ability to create what we call a disguise. I'm sure the men who abducted you did exactly that. Nothing that happened to you would have been visible to anyone but them. And if they had sufficient power, which they probably did, it would've been invisible even to other vampires."

She nodded slowly. "Well, that would explain it. I had a bad feeling about those men, but I was sure I was safe. The next minute they grabbed me, put a cloth over my mouth that smelled medicinal, and now I'm here."

"Angelica, there was nothing you could have done. My only regret is that if I'd understood you were marked to be taken that night, I would have walked you to your car myself. As it was, I took off shortly after I thought you'd left, after I believed you were safe. And frankly, I blame myself or maybe that red dress you were wearing. You looked amazing."

Her lips parted as she met his gaze. For a moment he felt the way he had back in the foyer of the club: He wished he could take her home. And now, ironically, she was in his home.

He looked away because as always, he was drawn to her, but not a damn thing could come of getting close to the woman right now. She was human, not fit for his world, and in the morning he'd take her home.

"One last thing. There's something I want to try with you before we go. It could make it easier on both of us during the party. You're a strong woman, which tells me there's a chance we could do this."

"Do what?"

"Telepathy."

Her eyes went wide. "Seriously?"

With a smile, he sent the words straight into her mind. Why not?

She blinked, gasping slightly. "Did you just say, 'Why not?'" She put a hand to her forehead. "Oh, my God, I heard you."

He nodded and his lips curved. Damn, the woman had chops, more than she knew. Now you give it a try.

How?

He chuckled. Just like that. You're a natural.

Then, right now, I'm speaking to you, inside your head?

Yes, you are. Now tell me something about yourself, something I may not know.

I like to drink tequila when I'm alone in my apartment.

Aloud, he asked, "Why the hell do you like drinking tequila alone?"

"Because I do." She glanced past him. And I'll bet you drink whiskey while you're alone.

Yeah, I do.

She shook her head. "Wow. This really is a different world."

"But this is good news. We'll be able to communicate with each other throughout the evening. I can warn you when I have to put on a show and command you to do something. And you can let me know if any of the other guests try to manhandle you while I'm not looking."

"Well, that does sound like an advantage." Then suddenly she was in his head. So I'll be able to communicate with you at any time.

That's exactly right.

This is amazing. Will anyone else be able to listen in?

Not even a little, so don't worry.

He drew close and held out his arm. "As for how we're getting there, I'll be using altered flight. Now put your arm around my neck and step onto my foot."

"Oh, Reyes, no, I'll puke all over everything."

He chuckled and for just a moment he almost felt like a regular guy taking a woman on a date...except of course that she was dressed like a stripper. "I promise that it'll be very different this time. I'll go really slow, unlike when I took you out of the auction house. You might feel a little dizzy when we arrive, but that should be all."

She drew in a deep breath and settled herself on his shoe with great care, apparently making sure she didn't puncture his expensive leather footwear with her stilettos.

Holding her tight against his side, he told her to close her eyes. "Let me know when you're ready. Again, I'll take it slow."

He felt her take a deep breath "I'm ready."

From his peripheral vision he could see that her eyes were closed. He opened his power and entered altered flight, heading straight through both the bedroom and the cave walls. Just as he'd promised, he flew at a crawl, the picture of Engles's mansion burned in his mind, a true homing beacon, typical of his world.

He slowed on approach, and felt the resonance of others arriving at the same time. He gauged where he needed to be without colliding with anyone or anything else and landed near a large fountain that rose thirty feet in the air. Engles liked to display his wealth.

Angelica blinked and released him. "You're right, just a little dizzy."

She glanced up at the well-lit structure that had water cascading from a central bowl. "Wow," she murmured. Her gaze skated around the massive, vaulted cavern and her eyes widened further. "I hate to admit it, but this is beautiful. The sculpted rock walls are exquisite. I take it that stonework is a highly prized art form in your culture."

"It is."

"And I didn't expect to see so many women in gowns, though I can see that there are an equal number of slaves present." He felt her shudder. "So many of them are bruised."

"That's usually how you can tell if the slave is human. Vampires self-heal."

She turned to look at him, but surprised him by shifting to telepathy. Reyes, should I have a few bruises? Would that have made you look better-you know, to keep up appearances?

He was incredulous as he stared at her. Sorry, but I draw the line at beating the shit out of you.

She smiled faintly. Just as well. I probably wouldn't have gone for it anyway.

His lips curved. No, I don't think you would have. But there's something else you should know. He glanced around. You're the star of this party.

Great. Every girl's dream, to be the main attraction at a sex-slave blowout. No pun intended.

Chapter Five

Angelica took a moment to calm down. She was nervous as hell and trying hard not to show it.

Sticking with telepathy, she asked, So how do we do this? Do you want me next to you? Although I'm not seeing any of the other slaves doing that.

Walk just a little behind me and keep your head slightly lowered. He took a couple of steps forward and glanced back at her. Good. You look submissive. Just remember that I won't be able to see what's going on behind me, so if anyone touches you, tell me telepathically. And for God's sake, don't address anyone directly. Let me do that. I'll protect you tonight.

Got it.

"Oh, shit."

"What?" She looked around.

"Engles is at the head of the stairs, waiting for us. It's time."

So that's the monster? I remember him from the auction. His face had a ruddy color at the time. I guess he was pretty worked up.

And furious.

She let him get half a foot ahead before she fell into step at an angle behind him. He tugged on the leash and she tugged back.

With her head down, she continued to glance at what had to be a huge mansion tucked into some corner of the cavern system.

The area where they'd landed sported a waterfall, a small lake lit by torchlight, and dozens of potted trees and shrubs, creating a sort of outdoor garden. The trees twinkled with small blue and white lights.

All this led up, through a series of wide stone steps, to the house itself. The front facade appeared to be fifty yards across and at least four stories high. Mansion, indeed.

She was struck again by how beautifully gowned the women were. Most of them wore not just necklaces, but intricate chains.

A lot of chains around here.

Yes, some of them are blood-chains.

Okay, that's new. What's a blood-chain?

The single blood-chain creates a tight bond-the couple can't be more than a few yards away at any given time. I've never done it myself, but if I was a controlling sadist as some of these men are, I'd chain you.

If we were chained, I wouldn't be able to run away, would I?

Not even a little.

She noticed one woman who wore a gold double-chain, linked together with loops. A large diamond pendant pulled the chain toward her cle**age. You said single-chain. Are there double-chains as well?

Yes. These are deep bonding chains, usually indicating a married status.

Ah, married slavers. How charming.

There are a lot of women equally into the lifestyle. You'd be surprised.

After that redheaded she-devil who hurt me, I guess I'm not.

He didn't respond, but at the mention of the woman, she felt he'd tensed up again. Reyes's owner had been a woman. The subject no doubt hit some buttons.

As she drew closer to the entrance, she saw that massive white marble pillars supported the front structure, leaving it completely open to the air. She began to understand something important: she hadn't fallen just into a world of vampires and sex slavery, but into an entire civilization as well. A profoundly skilled architect, accompanied by master builders, had created this extraordinary house.

And this is Engles's home?

Yes, it is.

I'm guessing Starlin earnings built this house.

You guessed right.

And he's really not the one running things?

He's a front man. Don't ask me how I know, but I know. Call it an instinct. He's smart enough and manages things quite well, but he's not an empire builder. He's too much of showman. Building and sustaining an empire requires finesse and, to a degree, secrecy.

Angelica thought it a great irony that so much beauty had been built on the deaths of tens of thousands of slaves. He has excellent taste, I'll give him that. But I wouldn't mind seeing him tortured for a decade, then his head chopped off, for all that he's done.

Have you been reading my mind?

She heard a faint whimpering sound and glanced to her right. She recognized one of the women from the auction, a tall blond Russian. She had bruises on her arms and legs. She'd been worked over but good, and her new owner had his fangs buried deep in her throat sucking hard-too hard by the looks of it. The slave stared up at the cavern ceiling, tears streaming down her cheeks.

As Angelica walked up the steps, however, she noticed that when some of the guests, especially the men, looked at her, they frowned, then glanced at Reyes.

I think we should have figured out a way to give me those bruises. You're losing your street cred because I'm still intact.

He glanced at a group of men and nodded to them. I don't give a f**k what any of them think. I only have to impress Engles-and mend fences with him, if I can. The rest can go to hell.

His words reminded her again just how different Reyes was from the rest of these cretins. She had to work at holding her head down and sustaining her long-suffering expression, because right now she felt nothing but admiration for him.

Do I look submissive enough?

He glanced back at her once more. You're doing great.

And so are you, master.

Reyes liked Angelica in his head and he was proud of her for bearing up well, but he'd expected nothing less. He knew her history, because he'd had her investigated, that she was the sole support of her infirm mother and had sacrificed a lot to take care of her. She hadn't had an easy life.

She was a woman of great strength, another reason why he hated that she'd gotten caught in the Starlin trap. And one more reason why he needed to bring this organization down.

As he led her up the broad stone steps to the entrance, Engles stepped out onto the expansive porch. He had his usual Dubonnet in hand, a leer in his eye, and a smile Reyes wanted to wipe from the bastard's mouth.

"You haven't chained her yet?" Engles narrowed his eyes as he took another sip. His gaze drifted the full length of Angelica. "She's not even bruised."

Reyes took a step closer to her. "Unlike you, I intend to take my time."

Engles shifted his gaze to stare hard at Reyes. "I've always had my doubts about you, pretty boy. And I think you may have just proved my opinion again tonight. And by the way, anyone's membership can be revoked at my sole discretion."

Reyes had known men like Engles his entire life. They taunted and bullied at every opportunity, no matter the situation or the person. But he knew something else as well: if he showed the smallest sign of fear, Engles would go after him. Nor could he appease him. Engles would see that as a sign of weakness.

A real rock and a hard place, so he opted for a different tack.

He held Engles's gaze for a long moment, then wheeled on Angelica, hoping like hell she would follow his lead without flinching. He caught the back of her neck with his hand and telepathed, Drop like I'm hurting you. Whimper, groan, cry, anything you can do.

Aloud, he said, "On your knees, slave."

She immediately obeyed and gave a decent performance, crying out as she crumpled at his feet.

While keeping one hand on Angelica's head, he met Engles's surprised stare. "The thing is, I've already laid out a plan for this slave. And if I don't hold back, she'll be dead before I've even started. I may not have the same punching style as the rest of your bidders, but I like my meat seasoned over a period of time, then chewed slowly in my mouth for about as long. I take no pleasure from a quick slice-and-drain. I want the woman's pain to serve me for months." He lowered his voice. "More important, I want to get her to a second auction at the six-month mark. I intend to set a new record and recoup my investment."

Engles's eyes widened as his gaze fell to Angelica. He actually seemed impressed as he licked his lips. If Reyes had been at all serious, Engles would no doubt have been the first in line to bid for Angelica at her six-month transition.

Engles tugged at his chin. "All right, then. I look forward to what the future holds."

"As do I." He pulled on the leash and Angelica slowly rose to her feet, wiping away tears. He gave her a shove, setting her in motion as together they moved into the foyer.

You okay? Oh, God, had he hurt her?

How'd I do?

So you are okay.

He swore he heard her snort inside his head. Did the bastard buy it?

Yeah, he bought it.

He glanced at her, meeting her gaze for a fleeting moment. You're doing great.

An odd blush covered her cheeks. He wished like hell circumstances had been different, because he really liked this woman.

But this thought stopped him up short. What circumstances? Angelica was human, and-except for the extremely rare mating between the species, involving love, marriage, and offspring-vampires didn't date humans.

Beyond that, his background made him about the worst sort of man she should ever get tangled up with.

Moving Angelica into the house proper, he heard her swift intake of breath and watched her eyes skate to the tall ceiling. Massive crystal chandeliers illuminated the space, more for effect than necessity. Vampires could easily see in the dark.

Too bad this was all built on slave blood because it's a beautiful home.

Yes it is and you're right, Angelica. This dwelling is a travesty.

As he led her to the top of a large descending staircase, applause began to build through the gathered partygoers below.

Is this because of the auction?

Of course. Again, you're the star.

I think I'm going to be sick.

Just keep your eyes lowered and stay one step behind me.

No problem.

Reyes knew how to square his shoulders and give a show. His captor, Sweet Dove, had trained him well in a number of different ways, and one of them was the importance of holding an attitude. Most of the women watched him, lusting, as did some of the men.

All around the audience, the slaves were apparent in their usual revealing garb, like Angelica's, sporting sheer fabrics, chains, and leather. Lots of sequins. A few feathers.

The female slaves, most with na**d br**sts, often had rows of dots tattooed around their ni**les that in turn were stained varying shades of burgundy. Many of the male slaves were also na**d and kept in a state of arousal, usually through a variety of drugs.

The room was jammed, some attendees standing around and drinking, others seated in several love seats. Many of the new slaves sat beside their owners, cut up and beaten, eyes glazed.

Reyes repressed the deep disgust that threatened to rise like bile up his throat. There would be time later to punish each and every slaver. For now, he needed to stay focused on doing all that he could to discover the man in charge and take him down.

Scorpion had kept his identity secret from the time Starlin came into existence. Once Reyes found out who the man was, he could begin the process of working his way into his inner circle. Beyond Scorpion's identity, he needed the documents that detailed every aspect of how the organization worked. After that, he'd know exactly how to destroy Starlin from within, step by step.

As he moved through the room, attention became increasingly focused on Angelica.

When he'd told her earlier that he hated the idea of other men looking at her, he meant it. Some caveman part of him had already laid claim to her, so to have other men openly lusting after her scraped at his nerves.

Angelica's voice pierced his thoughts. Calm down. I can feel your agitation like it's rubbing against my skin.

It shows?

Well, that fist you're making is at least one clue.

He relaxed his hand and stretched out his fingers.

That's better.

For the next hour, he greeted most of the members by name, essentially working the room. What wasn't lost to him was the goodwill that flowed in his direction. He realized that a lot of slavers here liked what he'd done by winning the bid, beating out Engles.

By the time he'd made a circuit of the large, ballroom-like space, Engles waited once more back at the top of the stairs. He gestured for Reyes to join him.

Engles wants us.

Got it.

Once Reyes was standing beside Engles-with Angelica on his other side, though as always slightly behind him-Engles caught Reyes's hand.

Lifting it high, Engles called out, "Our winning bidder for our most sought-after slave."

Heavy applause and a few whistles and shouts sounded through the room.

When the audience settled down, Engles turned to him. "And now, my friends, I have a surprise for my guest of honor." He pivoted toward Reyes. "A theatrical performance from the owner of The Ruby Cave. The famous Eve said she knows you well and agreed to bring one of her troupes here, to perform for you tonight. Now follow me."

Turning to his right, Engles led the way down the sloping path of the theater, settling them in a front-row love seat. The stage was situated just a few yards away, raised up only a foot, so that all the action would be at eye level.

More than one of the couples in the audience had already gotten busy, slaves on their knees. You need to prepare yourself. This whole thing might erupt into an orgy.

He heard her sigh. Great. Will I be expected to join in?

It's standard courtesy that slaves be shared with other members of the club. But I won't let that happen tonight.

Won't they suspect you if you don't participate?

We'll cross that bridge when we come to it.

He didn't glance around but he knew damn well everyone in the theater would be watching him, and his slave, throughout the performance.

The lights dimmed, and at the same time the stage spots lit up the area to the left. Eve appeared, wearing red leather from head to toe. She was a tall woman with long blond hair that ranged past her knees. Tonight she wore it pulled on top of her head to cascade behind in a ponytail. But even that rope of hair landed mid-buttocks.

Eve owned The Ruby Cave and had been one of the leading performers of The Erotic Passage for a long time. She had a melodious, carrying voice. "Hello, my lovelies, and welcome to a performance by the Ruby Theater Players. Knowing that my good friend Reyes would be here, I designed a show just for him and for his lovely date."

Eve was a major star in The Erotic Passage, otherwise known as The Passage. She was heavily into BDSM, but played the game by her own rules. He knew her well: she didn't approve of slavery, but she had a no-judgment rule about everyone. Of course, it hadn't failed to reach his notice that she often bought slaves, putting them to work in her club for a period of time, then eventually setting them free. By his count, she'd saved thousands.

He trusted her-so much so that she was one of only two people who knew of his mission. The other was the owner of The Passage, a short Italian vampire named Rumy. Both could keep a secret, and each had promised to help if he ever found a way to bring Starlin down.

On a more personal level, Eve had been trying to get him on her table, chained down, for a long time. She'd told him repeatedly that after everything he'd been through, a good dominance session would work wonders for him, give him the kind of release he'd been needing for a few decades now.

He'd never do it, of course. He'd made himself a promise that never again would a woman chain him down.

Angelica crossed her legs, grateful that at least for now, her body for the most part wasn't on display. She relaxed against the soft cushion of what looked and felt like a regular old love seat. To her right another slave from the auction house was already bending her head down into the lap of her lord-and-master, and the show hadn't even gotten started.

She drew her hair close to her face to block as much of that image as she could.

She was also grateful that Reyes had pulled her close so that she was pressed up against him. The cave wasn't freezing, but without even a decent shirt or pants on, she was cold.

The woman, Eve, had an exotic appearance. She wore stiletto boots that rose past her knees, snug red leather pants, and a tight red leather bustier that supported large br**sts.

She carried a long black whip. Swinging it once over her head, she cracked it at the end of the stage.

Angelica jumped.

At the same time, a sound track started up that had a deep thumping rhythmic bass, a strong guitar, and a beat that spoke of sex and not much else.

Angelica put a hand to her stomach. She didn't want to be affected by what she was about to see, but Reyes's warm body, her never-ending desire for him, and the sexual nature of the music rippled through her. She felt things she didn't want to feel, more so because she knew Reyes had tensed up the moment Eve had said this performance was meant for him.

Even his thighs flexed and released.

At first, she thought it was a sexual reaction; then she realized it had to be something else because sex was not the sensation she got from him right now. If she had to define it, she'd call it fear. But what did Reyes have to be afraid of in a theater like this?

From the back of the stage, two men in loincloths rolled a massive wall to angle toward the audience, locking it in place on the floor. Chains with manacles, meant for wrists and ankles, hung from the wall, similar to the ones Reyes had put her in earlier.

Another woman, also carrying a whip, entered the stage completely nude.

The two loincloth men returned, dragging a third man in a black tux. The spotlight focused on him as the first two chained him up.

The completely nude woman, a very athletic vampire, used her whip. The first crack caught the man's coat in a deep tear.

He winced, and the audience knew the whip had stung.

Soft groans moved around the theater, but Reyes's tension level ramped up. The female repeated the process in quick succession, her arm and eye trained to strip the man of his clothes while leaving very few significant cuts behind.

The male servants tore the strips between strikes so that more and more of his well-muscled body appeared.

The music continued to beat the erotic rhythm and the whip kept time so that even Angelica could see the exquisitely orchestrated artistry of the performance.

But what surprised her the most was that once the servants pulled the torn pants away, the man was fully erect behind a pair of snug briefs. He clearly enjoyed the experience, the fear, the pain.

She was pretty sure the entire audience held its breath as the female, on the beat, and in two quick successions, cut to either side of the man's groin and sent his briefs falling to the floor. The two men gathered up his torn-up clothes and left the stage.

Angelica covered her mouth with her hand. Despite the fact that the man was clearly enjoying the performance, she couldn't get past the public nature of the spectacle.

The woman moved forward and, no surprise, began fondling his arousal.

The whip, the chains, the seductive female, drew Reyes into the past, his years as a slave. He'd belonged exclusively to Sweet Dove to use as she saw fit, to share him when it pleased her.

She had places of punishment and of pleasure, so that over time his body became confused. What hurt him often dealt out reams of exquisite sensation, and what should have been pleasurable caused him a terrible agony of his mind and his vampire soul.

Sitting in front of a show, beside a woman he'd desired intensely for months now, had his body in an uproar. The whole time, guilt and shame tightened his chest.

The sight of the woman now caressing the slave's thighs and groin, her lips surrounding his erection, sent shock waves through his body. He wanted to look away but couldn't.

Eve walked around the performers, cracking her whip to the beat of the music. The tempo increased, and the woman rose from her knees.

On cue the two servants returned and lifted her, poising her split legs over his cock. The man struggled in the chains, thrashing his head back and forth, feigning his unwillingness.

She mounted him and the man grew still, his eyes rolling in his head.

How many times had Reyes known this moment with Sweet Dove, trying to restrain his desire only to have all the physical sensations, both brutal and sensual, coalesce in an erotic wave of pleasure.

She wrapped her legs around his waist. Once she was secured with her hands on his shoulders, the servants drifted back into the shadows.

She rode the slave hard, using her vampire strength to work his body. She shoved his head to the side and he in turn shouted his pleasure as the woman bit into his vein and started to drink. No playacting, either. This was the real deal.

But at the moment that the play should have cl**axed, the wall began to tremble and the slave's arms flexed. The woman cried out, a long lingering groan that turned to a scream as the slave broke free of his chains.

The audience gasped, crying out in shared ecstasy as well.

The slave, now free of his manacles, whirled the woman in his arms and with his h*ps pistoning hard drove relentlessly into his owner.

This time, he bit into her neck, returning the favor, grunting as he pushed inside her in heavy, powerful thrusts.

The woman's face looked pained at first; then her arms wrapped around him and she began to moan, then utter cries of ecstasy.

Finally, the man lifted off her neck and pounded into her so that her whimpers turned to screams as she came and as he shouted his release.

Reyes watched unblinking as both pairs of h*ps settled down, the music subsided, and the lights grew dim. The couple on stage breathed hard.

Reyes gripped his thighs, his fingers digging in deep.

A single spotlight followed Eve to the front of the stage. She met and held Reyes's gaze. "May you know the pleasure one day of release through domination. And may you break free of your bonds."

The lights went out and the audience applauded wildly.

Reyes could have adjusted his vampire vision, but he didn't want to; in fact, he couldn't. He sat, unable to calm his erection, his body trembling.

Angelica's voice once more slid through his mind. You're shaking.

He couldn't speak, not even telepathically, as though the nature of the show had scrambled his neurons.

The crowd had already started moving around. Someone stood in front of him speaking his name, but he couldn't make it out, couldn't focus, couldn't think.

He lifted his gaze slowly and in the recess of his mind recognized that Engles now stared at him.

"Reyes?" His name sounded as if spoken underwater, only with long echoes.

The performance had taken him back at least a century in time, to the middle part of his captivity when despair had made him contemplate chewing off his own hands, halting the healing process, and welcoming death.

He felt a hand slip around his elbow and squeeze, a tender touch that startled him blinking.

Reyes, come back. You've got to come back. Engles looks suspicious. I don't know what you've got planned, but you're about to blow this whole thing.

He turned slowly to stare at her, horror-stricken. Why are you touching me?

He couldn't believe anyone would want to touch him. He was a filthy slave, used so many times by Sweet Dove and her friends that he was unworthy of ever being touched again. But then Angelica didn't know the complete truth of who he was, how many times he'd orgasmed on command for Sweet Dove, or how many men he'd f**ked during his captivity in hell.

And with that his mind shut down completely.

Chapter Six

Angelica watched Reyes turn away from her to stare blankly at the now empty stage. Something had happened to force his mind inward. Maybe the performance had been too much.

She glanced around and saw that all eyes had turned to them, waiting expectantly.

She used telepathy again. Reyes, come back to me. You have to do something.

When he didn't respond, panic set in-not just that his plans might be disrupted but for her own safety as well. If Engles attacked right now, Reyes wouldn't be able to defend himself, and she knew enough about the bastard to know that Engles would take command of her if he could.

She made a quick decision and aloud, said, "Yes, master, I've heard your command within my mind and I'll do as you say. I'll obey you in everything."

With all eyes in the theater now on her, she felt nauseated as she rose up slightly, trembling, and moved in front of him. She lowered herself to her knees as so many other slaves had already done that evening.

She spread his legs, moving between to undo his pants. Not surprising, he was firm and ready for her. Without allowing herself to think about the horror of the moment, she focused on Reyes, knowing that if he didn't get with it, he'd lose his standing with Engles and the rest of the Starlin members and she'd be caught in a madman's power.

She slid her mouth over his cock, shutting out the movement and increased groans all around her, even the nearby approving comments.

Reyes, you feel so good in my mouth. You're a big man and hard as a rock. She reached between his legs and fondled his balls as she sucked, then stroked the length of his stalk.

I've wanted you from the first moment I set eyes on you. I've hungered for you, craved your cock. She tongued his crown, sliding over the ridge, teasing the most sensitive parts.

She kept her ministrations tender, hoping that the feel of her tongue would bring him out of his mentally locked-up state. Maybe then they'd both survive.

She also blocked everything else out of her mind. She recalled her fantasies of having his body beneath her hands and let herself go there again, pretending she was alone with him.

You have a beautiful cock, thick and long. She took as much of him in her mouth as she could, working him with her hand at the same time, slow upward pulls.

Reyes, I've wanted to do this for months now. How many times I've longed for your body moving over mine, your c**k buried deep, your h*ps thrusting harder and harder. I could come like this. I'd only need the pressure of your hand pressed between my legs and I'd be screaming with pleasure.

She moved faster, her head bobbing up and down.

He started to respond, his h*ps rocking slowly.

Yes, that's it. You like what I'm doing. Come back to me, Reyes. Let me know I'm pleasing you.

Reyes began the long journey back because pleasure rode his thighs, his abdomen, and his cock. A warm, wet mouth worked him.

With his eyes closed, he heard a voice in his head, a woman's voice. With a start he recognized Angelica, but what was she saying? His mind felt muddy and strange. She talked about loving his cock, wanting to come like this.

Like what?

He strove to make sense of what was happening. Mostly, he felt like he was waking up very slowly from a sex dream.

Angelica?

I'm here. Just enjoy what I'm doing. That's it. You're so hard. I can feel you're close to release.

Her mouth sucked a little harder, but her hand worked him faster at just the right pressure. He slid his palm to the back of her head and flexed his hips, pushing as she sucked.

He loved that she was sucking him.

Other images intruded, of Eve and her red leather, of the dominance show, of the theater in Engles's home.

Tension flowed through him, not in a good way, as reality returned. Angelica, what the hell is happening?

But she didn't pause in her movements. Just go with it, Reyes. I've got this. Engles is watching and you need to come for me.

This isn't right.

With her free hand, she dug her nails into his abdomen, drawing his attention low.

He opened his eyes as her voice once more penetrated his mind. She met his gaze, staring up at him. I've wanted you like this. Did you know that? I've wanted all of you in my mouth from the time I first saw you. I've pleasured myself repeatedly with thoughts of having your c**k right here, my tongue swirling over you.

Reyes finally returned to reality and in a brief flash realized all that Angelica was doing for him in this moment, the sacrifice she was making. As a slave, he'd been in this position, having to perform against his will, against his morality. But she'd chosen to do this for him.

He stroked her head and set his mind on nothing but the woman on her knees in front of him. He recalled the kiss she'd given him in the foyer of the Ocean Club, the way she'd looked in her red silk dress, the hopeful expression in her eyes.

She was so damn beautiful and he wanted her. He let his desire for her take over. Aloud, he said, "Suck me harder now, slave."

She responded, moving faster as well.

"You've obeyed me, slave. That's all that matters."

Angelica, your mouth is like fire. He thrust his h*ps now and she moved even faster. His balls tightened. I'm coming.

I can feel it.

She stayed with him, with his movements, holding her head and the suction of her mouth just right as he pumped all that he had straight into her mouth. The orgasm had him shouting at the cavern ceiling, eyes closed, refusing to acknowledge anyone else around him.

As he settled in his seat, Angelica drew back, swallowing and wiping her lips. But she wisely kept her eyes downcast. He saw tears on her cheeks as she tucked him back inside and carefully zipped up his pants.

He'd had enough, and he was sure she'd just reached her breaking point.

Ignoring the sudden burst of applause all around him, and not caring what repercussions might follow, he caught her up in his arms.

In a loud voice, he said, "I need you in my game room. Now."

More applause.

Shifting to altered flight, he flew through the cavern walls, taking it slow for her sake as he sped in the direction of his home. He dropped down into his master suite once more.

He laid her on the bed, but she turned to her side, swiping at her face, to look up at him.

The crowd's approval still worked like a sickness in his gut, twisting him up. His guilt rose, heavy guilt over his past, over all the things he'd done through the decades. And now an innocent like Angelica had performed in public, sucking him off.

The erotic show had messed with his mind, making him long for things that couldn't exist, like breaking free and having power over what had controlled him for so long.

After the first months of his freedom, he'd thought that if he could track down Sweet Dove and kill her, then he'd be free.

But Sweet Dove wasn't to be found. He quickly learned that very few people even knew of her. Even the men who'd visited her, who had also used his body, had disappeared from the vampire world.

He now believed that Sweet Dove had killed them, or ordered the killings, though doing the job by her own hand would have suited her equally as well. Since then, nothing he'd done to try to locate her had worked. She'd slipped into some well-disguised cavern system and disappeared.

Maybe she was dead. Or maybe finding Scorpion would help lead Reyes to her. After all, Sweet Dove had been with Angelica. She'd known all about her. It was highly possible that Sweet Dove knew Scorpion.

Angelica shivered.

"Are you cold?"

She nodded.

He moved to the fireplace and lit a well-constructed stack of newspaper, kindling, and logs. When the fire burned hot, Angelica shifted to sit on the side of the tall bed. She stared up at him, the comforter loose about her waist as firelight played over her perfect cle**age and the red sequins covering her ni**les.

"Angelica, I'm so sorry for what happened just now, but I'm beyond grateful, too, because you saved the situation. I got lost for a few minutes, and you brought me back. Is there anything I can do for you?"

She released a weary sigh. "I know this is going to sound odd, but I'd really like a shower."

He nodded. "Actually, that makes perfect sense." He'd been there a thousand times.

She pushed the comforter back and headed to the bathroom.

Angelica let the water flow over her head for a long time. She soaped up repeatedly, trying to scrub some of the experience off her skin and out of her pores.

Her job was over, the part she'd agreed to, and sometime the next morning Reyes would take her home. He'd even said he'd do all that he could to keep her safe from Starlin in the future.

She should have felt relieved, and maybe she was. But a large part of her was still stuck at that horrible party where at least a hundred slaves had milled around dull-eyed and on leashes like hers. Except their obedience and submission were real, unlike hers. She only had to feign her captivity. She shuddered, trying hard not to think about what the rest of the night would be like for the other women.

Despite this brutal reality, she was proud of what she'd achieved tonight. She'd saved Reyes's reputation and protected his cover. He could go forward with his plans and fulfill his mission, and in the process save tens of thousands of future slaves.

Then why didn't she feel more satisfied?

Reyes leaned his forearm over the tall mantel, drawing deep breaths. He could recall everything now, how he'd watched the show and fallen into a strange trance as images of Sweet Dove's torture had overtaken his mind.

Engles had stood nearby watching him like a hawk, waiting for a sign of weakness, hoping to tear him apart.

Dream-like, he could even see the moment Angelica had made the decision to go down on him, pretending that she obeyed his orders.

Horror rolled through him in waves at what might have happened had she not jumped in and played her slave role as brilliantly as she had. But it wasn't the possibility of failing at his mission that distressed him; it was the simple fact that Engles happily would have appropriated Angelica as his slave once he was assured that Reyes wasn't up to the task.

He couldn't be certain exactly what had happened to him, why he'd checked out for those few minutes. He supposed Eve's show had been too real for him. Or maybe the overall stress of the evening had finally gotten to him.

He squeezed his eyes shut and for the present worked at letting it all go. Angelica had saved the situation and now he had her home, safe and sound.

In the morning he'd take her back to Newport Beach, to her apartment, back to helping her mother and working all the long hours at her accounting job. Maybe it wasn't a great life, but it sure as hell wasn't the dangerous and potentially fatal one he'd brought her into.

He ignored certain other thoughts that had stolen into his mind as well, ones that involved keeping her with him for the next few weeks.

He had no right to ask anything more of her.

Even so, he moved to the wall unit to the left of the fireplace, laden with a host of books on shelves. A set of drawers made up the lower portion of the unit.

Opening the top drawer, he pulled out a red leather case and popped the lid. On a bed of scarlet velvet lay a pair of identical dark-metal chains. He touched each in succession and felt the powerful vibrations they carried. When created, the chains had been infused with his blood and carried his DNA, which meant that he could bind Angelica to him if he wanted to. He could keep her close to him with a range that rarely extended beyond ten feet.

The chains would prove he'd brought her under his complete control. But they would do more than that. He'd have a sense of her at all times, and she'd know exactly what he was feeling moment to moment.

Everything about their current relationship would be heightened, including his desire for her, his longing for her blood, his need to bury himself inside her.

He knew she desired him, so in turn, what she felt for him would be enhanced exponentially as well.

The thought of taking Angelica to bed as a willing partner while bound in blood-chains caused him to groan.

"You okay?"

He closed the lid, then the drawer.

Pivoting in her direction, he met her gaze. She wore a robe, tied up tight at her narrow waist. Her hair was slicked back, wet from the shower, which made her eyes look huge, enhancing her vulnerable humanness.

He really couldn't ask this of her.

He couldn't.

Instead he answered her question. "I'm fine. Tired, maybe."

"Will I be sleeping here tonight?" She dipped her chin toward the bed. With a towel she rubbed the ends of her hair.

He nodded. "I can sleep in the guest room."

Her gaze roved the bed. "I think that would be best." But she frowned.

"What is it?"

"Nothing." At that, she smiled as she met his gaze once more. "I could use some sleep. Maybe a decade's worth."

He realized then that whatever she could do in terms of helping him reach his Starlin destruction goal, there was another reason he didn't want her to go. She eased something inside him he couldn't define.

And he wanted her to stay with him, at least for a little while longer. "I need you."

"What?" She tilted her head.

"I need you." There, he said it again, flat out. "I want you with me for the next few weeks. The Starlin Group is hosting a festival, like your New Orleans Mardi Gras, with parades and parties in many of the local sex clubs. It culminates in a masked ball."

"I don't understand. What are you saying?"

He dove in. "I want you to stick this out with me, to share a blood-chain bond-which will help keep you safe. I think with you by my side, I'll be able to finish my mission. In fact I'm sure of it. Angelica, I want you to stay, to continue to pose as my slave, to be with me."

Angelica drew close to Reyes, trying to understand his meaning. She frowned so hard that the muscles of her face hurt as she stared once more into clear blue eyes. He was pleading with her, something she hadn't expected from him.

And he wanted her to stay.

But how could she remain in this world? She'd already been through so much. That last episode, when he'd mentally checked out, had almost put her square into the hands of a madman.

"I can't. You know I can't. I have to go home. I have my mother to think of, and my future. If I stay, there's a good chance I won't make it out alive."

He drew her into his arms and kissed her, then nuzzled his neck. "Angelica," he murmured against her throat. "You made everything possible and I want you with me. I need you with me. Please stay." He kissed her again.

She sensed how desperately he wanted her with him.

She pulled away from him, rubbing her forehead with the palm of her hand. "I'm sorry, I can't do this."

He turned back to the drawer he'd closed and pulled out a red case. Opening it, he let her look at a pair of chains.

"These are blood-chains, aren't they?"

"Yes, they are. We would each wear a chain and once bound, you'd be able to siphon my power, sense where I am at all times, and to some degree what I'm feeling and thinking. And I would experience the same with you. It would make working together much easier on every level. And if I bound you, I'd gain credibility with Engles."

Even without touching them, she sensed their power.

"I want you with me more than anything in the world, more than I've wanted anything in my life. And I know you've felt it, too-it's what brought you back to the Ocean Club and why you didn't leave my world when you had the chance. We belong together, Angelica. Please stay by my side. Help me bring Starlin down."

Her heart lurched as she met his gaze once more. She was so drawn to him. She hated that he'd once been a slave himself, that throughout the first part of his life, he'd endured decades of torture. And now all he wanted was to make a difference, to end the horrors of sex slavery.

She thought back to the Russian slave, whimpering in pain as her new owner sank his fangs into her neck and drank from her with the intention of hurting her. Reyes had taken her blood, but it hadn't hurt at all. Instead she'd never known such exquisite pleasure.

And there was the other, sensual side of the equation: She wouldn't just be partners with him, she knew he'd become her lover, the thing she'd wanted more than anything else over the past several months.

But he'd spoken of her staying with him for weeks? She couldn't be away from her mother for that long. And despite Reyes's assurances, what if she died? Who would care for her parent then?

Did she really want to enter such a completely intimate relationship with a vampire? Even if she survived, would she like the person she'd become by the time it was all over?

She couldn't do this. She felt in her bones that to choose a blood-chain bond with Reyes would alter her life forever, that she'd never be able to go back to her human world.

"I can't, Reyes. I wish I could, but I can't. I'm not strong enough for this. Trust me."

"You have more strength than you know."

She shook her head. She'd made up her mind.

Then as if from a great distance, she heard his spirit calling to her.

Stay.

She didn't know how she knew, but this wasn't telepathy, not like before. It was a plaintive cry straight from his heart. And for that reason alone, she wanted to say yes, but how could she?

Stay, Angelica. Please stay...

To be continued...

