Chapter One - Abbi

You just need one.

One thought. One second. One impulse. One touch. A lot of little things - little ones add together, snowballing and spiraling into something bigger. A big one. But one all the same. And one thing is all it takes to change your life.

Irreparably. Inexplicably. Irreversibly.

It's been two years since those little ones added together for the first time and I fell in love with Pearce Stevens. It's been two years since I first felt that sweet fluttering of a first crush followed by the gentle thump of falling head over heels in love. Two years since the things that meant everything would fall apart, leaving me plunging headfirst into the dark abyss of depression.

If I knew then what I know now, I would have passed it all on by. Ignored the thoughts as the wishful musings of a teen heart, passed the time, fought the impulses, and shied from the touch. If I knew how the next months of my life would unfold and the direction it would take, I would have hopped on the next plane outta here and hunkered down in the Caribbean.

But I didn't know - and there was no way for me to. How could I know? I never imagined those little ones would grow into a big one, and I never imagined they'd come back just months after I felt them for the first time.

But the second time was a darker thought. It was a black second, a swallowing impulse, a deadly touch. The first time I watched the blood drip down my ankle from my accidental shaving cut, the newly bare razor blade flat between my fingers, was a moment that changed my life just as much as falling in love with Pearce did. It was a moment I can never change. I can't take it away and I can't pretend it never happened.

It's a part of me, just like Pearce is. A part of my past, and they are the two defining moments in my life. If you ask me where it all went wrong, I'll tell you those things; Pearce Stevens and the blade. And I won't be able to explain it for a second, no matter how hard you beg.

I won't be able to tell you why I fell in love with my best friend's brother, or why I didn't run before it was too late. I'll never be able to put into words why I didn't pull off my rose-tinted glasses and see him for what he really was and is.

I will never, ever be able to explain what possessed me to make the first cut on my skin. After all, you can't explain what you don't understand, and sometimes it's better not to understand.

I lean over the bathtub and watch the water run dark from my newly-dyed hair. The dark water swishes around the tub and swirls around the plug, disappearing from view with the same ease my blood did so long ago. I stay here until the water runs clear, shampoo and rinse, and wrap my hair in a dark towel.

Against Mom's wishes I made Dad take me to the store to get the dye. She doesn't understand my need to separate myself from the person I was last year. I don't think anyone does, and it's not something I can explain. I just know I'm not the Abbi I was before; the new Abbi is a different person. By separating the two halves of me, I'm moving forward with the new me. At least that's what Dr. Hausen said. She also said it was a step in the right direction - something positive.

Positive is what I need. That's why my previously pale pink, girly bedroom is now bright blue and purple. It's positive. It's different. It's new.

Just like me. I'm shiny and new.

I sit on my new beaded comforter on the bed and face the mirror. My eyes are brighter than they were before and my cheeks aren't as sunken. I touch a gentle fingertip to the hollow of my cheek and breathe in deeply. A clump of hair falls free from the towel, the almost black color a contrast against my pale skin.

I bend my head forward, roughly dry my hair, and flip it back up. My hand crawls along my bed to find my brush, and I run it through the strands. I don't really focus on anything but the repetitive motion and I don't think about anything as I start up my hairdryer, blowing hot air through my hair. It just is.

I don't think about the fact the corkboard above my desk that was once full of pictures of me and Maddie is now empty. I don't think about the fact all my teenage diaries were thrown out, that three-quarters of my wardrobe was re-bought. I don't think about how much of the past I've thrown away. How much of it I'm running from.

But is it really running if you still have to face up to it every day?

I don't think so. It's not running away if you know where you want to be. It's making the conscious decision to change.

I set the hairdryer down on the bed next to me and focus on the reflection in the mirror, sliding the brush through my new hair one last time. And I smile. I look nothing like the old Abbi, and for just a second, there's a spark of light in my eyes. It's fleeting, but there, and fleeting is better than not at all.

My door opens a crack, and Mom pokes her head through the gap. I hear her sharp intake of breath before I turn to look at her. Her hand is poised over her mouth like she thinks it'll hide the way her jaw has dropped. Like she thinks it'll cover her wide, horrified eyes.

"You... Why?"

I finger the dark strands nervously. "I needed to change it. It reminded me too much of before."

"Why, Abbi? Your hair was so beautiful."

My eyes travel back to the mirror. "Because the outside is all I can change," I whisper. "I can't change what's on the inside, not easily, but this I can change. So I did. I needed to, Mom."

Silence stretches between us as she lets my words sink in. "I don't understand."

I shake my head. "You don't have to understand. You just have to accept it."

"I... I suppose there's not much I can do, anyway."

I shake my head again. My fingers creep to my arm and under my sleeve, the pads of them rubbing over the slightly raised scars there. The scars I keep hidden from the rest of the world. "It's better than the alternative. Anything is better than that."

Mom lets out a shaky breath, and I press my thumb against my pulse point as I always do when I remember. The steady beat of my blood humming through my body reminds me I'm still alive. My heart is still beating and my lungs are still breathing. I'm still existing.

"Yes. It's much better," Mom agrees and walks across the room before perching on the bed next to me. Our reflections are side by side and the only difference in them is our age. And our hair color. Her blonde hair is the exact shade mine was two hours ago. She reaches over and takes my hand as she meets my eyes in the shiny glass. "Is there anything else you feel like you need to do?"

"Like what?"

"I don't know, Abbi. I just thought that maybe since you want to change a little we could go the salon. You know, get a restyle. We both need one. Maybe our nails, too."

I swallow, her tight grip on my hand telling me exactly how hard it is for her to suggest that. How hard it is for her to finally accept that her Abbi isn't coming back this time. That her Abbi is lost forever.

"I'd like that," I say honestly. "Maybe that's what I need. Maybe it'll change the last of it. Wipe it away."

"No wiping away needed. We'll just make new memories to replace the old." Mom stands up. "I'll call the salon tomorrow. And Bianca called - you can start in her class tomorrow. A few of her girls just got into Juilliard, and she has a few newbies starting then. She thinks it would be the perfect time for you. I said I'd speak to you and call her back. Shall I let her know you'll be there?"

Ballet. Juilliard. The ultimate dream. The thing that keeps me going. The thing that saved me when I felt there was nothing left to save. "Please, Mom. I'll be there."

"Okay." She backs out of my room and shuts the door behind her, leaving me to silence once again.

Silence. My best friend and my worst enemy.

I lightly brush my fingers over my wrist again and reach for my iPod. The screen glares back at me, and I click shuffle. Snow Patrol blare out, and I lie back on my bed, curling into my side.

Juilliard chants lowly in my mind as sleep begins to take me under.

~

I clutch the strap of my dance bag to my stomach, and the bag knocks against my knees as I tentatively push open the door to Bianca's dance studio. My stomach is rolling with apprehension, my whole body tense, but I know I'm safe here.

Bianca is one of the few people who truly knows and understands my desire and my need to dance. When Dr. Hausen suggested using dance as a therapy, Biana is who arrived that day in the gym hall. One private session a week quickly turned to three, both there and here at her studio, and she helped me leave the institution. She reminded me of the freedom that comes with the stretching of a leotard and tying of a ribbon on ballet shoes. And she's the closest thing I have to a friend without Maddie here.

The familiar dance hall stares at me. The mirrors lining the wall, the barre on the far wall, the piano in the corner. Dexter, her disabled uncle and pianist, waves at me from the corner. I smile at him, feeling myself relax a little. Only a little, because I know soon the room will be filled with people I've never met.

Two slender hands rest on my shoulders from behind me. "I can see your tension from the other side of the floor. Breathe and relax, Abbi, because those shoes aren't gonna dance for you."

"I'm scared," I whisper as the door opens.

"I know." Bianca drops her hands and circles me, stopping in front of me and bending down so we're eye to eye. "You're here to dance, remember that, strong girl, and you'll be fine."

"To dance." I let out a long breath, glancing at the growing crowd by the seats.

"And it's something you do beautifully. You're safe here."

And I know that. I know nothing or no one can touch me here, especially not when my hand touches that barre and the music starts. Wherever it is I end up when I dance... it's safe.

I pad gently to the corner and remove my sweatpants and top, revealing my dance clothes beneath. I slip my shoes on and run my finger over the satin ribbons. Soft. Safe.

I keep my eyes on the floor in the vain hope no one will talk to me. In the hope no one will even notice me, because like Bianca said, I'm here to dance. Not to make friends, not to build relationships, just to dance.

My shoes reflect back to me in the mirror as I stop. My fingers stretch in anticipation, and I place my hand on the barre, letting them curl around the cold metal. Lightness spreads through my body, easing the ever-present suffocation of depression. It's only for a second, but that second is enough. In that second I feel the rush of the girl I could be, and the first easy breath I've taken since I walked in here ten minutes ago leaves my body.

The dull buzz of chatter ceases as Bianca claps her hands once. "I'm not going to stand here and introduce myself or explain what we're doing here. If you don't know me or why you're here, then you're in the wrong studio, little chicks.

"What I am going to tell you is to forget everything you've ever learned about how dance works. When you slip your shoes on in this studio, you give yourself over to the art of ballet, not the technicalities.

"Ballet isn't about timing, getting that step perfect, or getting the best marks in the class. It's about telling a story. It's about taking the feelings and emotions inside you, ripping them out and expressing them with flawless motions of your body. Ballet is a dance that stems and grows from everything we are, regardless of what it means to you, and if you believe any differently, you're in the wrong studio." Her eyes comb over us all standing at the barre, scrutinizing us, like a simple glance can tell her whether or not we believe what she does.

"What you do need to know about how my class works is that you don't stop being a dancer just because you're not on the floor. I expect you to work your asses off. I expect you to be here three nights a week for two hours, then I expect you to work at home. Six hours a week in a studio will not get you to the standard Juilliard expects and demands. Damn, I spend more time than that on my hair each week.

"I don't care whether you dance in a studio, in the shower, in the middle of Central Park - hey, dance on the highway if you really want to - but you must dance. Every. Single. Day. And I will know if you don't. I will know, if for even one day, you forget to dance, because your body will show me.

"I don't want to see any of you in the wrong studio. I want you all to be in the right studio. Some of you I already know and I know you're in the right studio, but the rest of you have to prove it." She turns and taps the top of the piano, and her uncle begins to play.

"What if we think we are, but we're not? Will you know?" someone further up the barre asks.

Bianca turns, her lips twisting on one side. "Of course."

"What happens then?"

"Then you leave my studio, because there is someone out there in this city who does deserve to be here. I only teach the best, know that, and I haven't yet had a student who didn't get into Juilliard after attending this class. There's a reason I only teach two classes a week. You are one, and the others are currently seven year olds, and the majority have been with me since they could walk at the age of one. If seven year olds can hack it, I expect young adults such as yourselves to do so."

"Have you ever asked anyone to leave?"

"Every time I start a new class," she responds sharply. "Now warm up before you become the first."

I fight my smile, training my features into a plain mask, and start my warm up. I remember hearing the same speech when Bianca walked into the gym hall, and I remember asking her the exact same questions and getting the same answers. It's what endeared me to her so much - unlike most people who know my past, she didn't look at me any differently. To her I was - and am - a girl with a dream, everything else be damned.

The movements of the warm up are so familiar, and the main door opens as I begin to drop into a demi-plie. The feeling of being watched crawls over my skin, prickling at the back of my neck and down my spine. I don't want to, I don't even need to, but I glance upwards and in that direction.

His straight-backed posture and precise steps announce him as a dancer - and a late one - as Bianca approaches him. His dark hair is short but messy, and a faint, distinct British accent floats across the sound of the piano. My eyes roam over his body from his broad shoulders to his defined arms. Dancer's arms; strong yet gentle. The touch from his large hands at his sides would be hard yet soft.

You wouldn't know he's a dancer unless you are. His build is closer to that of a football player, but he's far too pretty to do that. Crap. Did I really just call him pretty? What am I even doing? I shouldn't be standing here trying not to undress the Hot British Guy with my eyes.

He nods once and turns his face toward me. Or the class, but it's me his eyes fall on. Our gazes lock for a fleeting moment, and I almost falter in my warm up. Even across the studio there's no mistaking the green in his eyes. There's no mistaking the way he looks me over, interest sparking in them as he does so.

And there's no mistaking the apprehension in my chest... Or the fluttering inside my tummy when his eyes find mine again. I swallow and look away from him, telling myself I'm imagining the interest in his eyes and the intensity that kept me looking at him for as long as I did.

I'm not here to eye up Hot British Guy. I'm here to dance, and nothing else.

The dream, Abbi. Juilliard.

Chapter Two - Blake

"Shit, shit, shit, shit!" I mutter the curse words under my breath as I climb out of the bright yellow taxis that seem to be bloody everywhere in this city. I thought it was all put on for films and stuff, but apparently it isn't.

The strap of my bag catches on the door handle, and I almost trip as I yank it off. Being late to the first dance class is not how I planned on starting my new life in New York. Actually, I never planned on being in a damn class unless it was at Juilliard, but that's not something to think about right now. I can't think about her - if I do I'll get that stupid canary car back here, get in, and go back to my stupidly overpriced apartment.

I hoist my bag onto my shoulder and look up at the building in front of me. Its old school and doesn't look right in Manhattan. Instead of the sky high, glass buildings that seem to be the norm, this building is red brick with just a small sign proclaiming, "Bianca's Dance Studio." I ruffle my hair with my fingers, sighing deeply, wondering if I've made the right decision. For the millionth time.

But I am late, so there's no damn time left to worry about that. I tuck it into the back of my mind for later - for now I need my head on the dance floor and not in the clouds.

I push the door open and follow the small hallway to a large open room. A barre is against the far mirrored wall, and both guys and girls are lined up against it, running through the five positions in time with the gentle music playing. My eyes scan them, noting they all look about twenty or so, except the girl at the end.

Her dark hair is tucked into a pristine bun on top of her head and her eyes are lowered as she bends her knees and moves into a demi-plie. She's utterly graceful, and it's plain to see she's completely at peace.

"Blake Smith?" a voice with a strong New York accent says quietly to my side. I turn to face the auburn haired woman staring at me and nod.

"Yes, ma'am. That's me."

She smiles. "I'm Bianca."

We shake hands. "It's nice to meet you."

"And you. You're a little late, but I'd say London is quite different to here."

I think of the twenty minutes it took me to get a taxi. "Yeah, you're right there Sorry - I'm still learning how to get around."

Her laugh is gentle. "Yes, I'd imagine it would be tough. Well, if you have any questions feel free to come to me and I'll do my best to answer them. If you put your bag over there in the corner and warm up, we'll get started."

She silently pads back to her spot in hall, and I look back to the girl at the end of the barre.

Our eyes meet.

She almost hesitates in her warm up, but she carries on as if we're not staring at each other the studio. As if I'm not trying to work out what color her eyes are. They're framed by long, thick lashes that curl towards her eyebrows, and her cheeks pink lightly. I run my eyes down her body, and I can't help but admire the way her leotard and leggings hug her body. She blinks when my eyes lock onto hers again.

Shit. They don't make girls like her in England. And if they do, my mother never introduced me to them.

She pulls her gaze from mine and looks to the front. Something... Something tells me I need to know this girl - and it isn't even something in my dick.

I run through the warm up, half listening to Bianca begin to the class, half watching the girl with the dark brown hair. She's standing slightly back from everyone else, her hands tucked into her sleeves and her head hanging slightly, yet her poise is perfect. Her back is straight and her feet are in position.

Slowly, she moves into the basic positions and moves Bianca orders with the elegance of a swan floating along a river in the spring. Every move is perfectly precise - both in positioning and timing. She continues working through the moves at the barre, from plie and tendu to battements, oblivious to my eyes following her every move in front of me. Oblivious to my eyes following every curve of her body and every stretch of her limbs. Oblivious to the fact I've never been so attracted to a girl whose name I don't know.

I switch from the warm up to the basic steps. I know full well Bianca is putting us all through our paces since just over half the class are new. Her eyes flick to each of us, lingering for a second or two as they examine our positioning and posture, but I'm barely concentrating. My thoughts are purely for the girl in front of me; my body is moving fluidly through the instructed steps.

For me, dancing is as natural as breathing. It always has been.

Bianca instructs us to pair off, male and female, and I move towards the brown-haired girl. How could I go to anyone else? As cliche as it sounds, she's the only person in this room I'm really aware of.

I tap her on the shoulder. "Do you want to..."

A pair of startlingly light blue eyes crash into mine. Blue. That's what color they are. It's the kind of blue that makes you stop dead and instantly makes you think of a crisp summer's day, complete with beer and a barbecue. It's also the kind of blue that shows everything, the hue too pale to hide shadows lurking beneath, and it's the flicker of darkness that makes me pause and stare at her.

I've seen those shadows before.

I know how they linger, barely scratching the surface before pulling you under. And I know the climb is always harder than the fall... If you're lucky enough to get a grip on the climb.

"Do I...?" she questions shyly, raising her hand to her face then dropping it again.

"Um." I cough and scratch the back of my neck. Her hesitant smile reminds me what I've actually approached her for. "Do you want to dance together? Since we have to pair off. You know. Yeah."

Shit. I sound like an awkward teen boy who has no idea how to speak to a girl.

Her smile stretches a little and her eyes flit around the dance hall. Everyone is paired off and talking to each other quietly.

"I... Sure," she replies.

"Great. I'm Blake. Blake Smith."

"Abbi Jenkins." Abbi's hand slips into my outstretched one. My fingers curl around her smaller ones, but my focus isn't on the silky smooth skin against mine; it's on the gentleness of her tone and the way her lips moved when she said her name.

"Abbi," I repeat. "Have you danced long?"

"Since I was eight." She takes her hand from mine and clasps both of hers in front of her stomach protectively. "We all need a little something to escape in, right?"

Right. "Definitely."

Three sharp claps draw us both from the conversation, and we turn to Bianca. As she instructs us on what we need to do, my eyes trace the line of Abbi's profile. It's dainty and cute, from the way her button nose curves to the obvious plumpness of her lips. I don't notice I'm smiling until her eyes meet mine again and she raises a questioning eyebrow. I shrug one of my shoulders, and her lips quirk.

"Shall we?"

"Uh, sure." Shall we what? Crap.

Abbi lets the smile break across her face. "Dance," she responds with a twinkle in her eyes.

Right. Dance. What we're here for.

Shit. I come thousands of miles to achieve my dream, and what do I do? I get distracted by a pretty face. I need to be thinking with my feet not my damn dick.

For the second time since I walked into this studio, I offer her my hand, and for the second time, she takes it. She moves onto pointe seemingly without thinking and closes her eyes. Once again I'm struck by the ease of her movements as I fall into my own... With her. It's not until you dance with someone you can truly appreciate the beauty of it.

And it's been only a few seconds, a fleeting moment in the grand scheme of things, but seeing Abbi Jenkins give herself over to the music is to see true beauty.

One moment - one I'll never forget.

Until she opens her eyes as we begin to move, and I'm reminded that even shadows can fall over true beauty.

Abbi looks at me, but I can tell she's not really seeing me. There's a gloss over her eyes, brightening the blue hue of her iris through the pain lingering there. She's somewhere else, somewhere far away, but her steps never falter. She never falls out of time, never makes a wrong move. Even her breathing doesn't change.

Despite the chopping and changing of the music and movements combined with Bianca's never-ending comments and instructions on arm positioning and timing, my blood is rushing through my body as we move together. I can hear it pounding in my ears and drowning out the music. And I'm mesmerized. I'm mesmerized by the fluidity of her movements, the ease of our dance together. It's like we've always danced together.

The music stops, and Abbi closes her eyes as we come to a standstill. When they open they're clear again, and she smiles shyly. My arms fall from her and she steps back, her fingers lightly brushing across mine. She tugs her sleeves down over her hands, clasping her fingers in front of her stomach again.

"Thank you," she says, her eyes meeting mine.

My lips curve on one side. "What for?"

"For the dance." She smiles as softly as she speaks, turning back to the barre. I watch her go. Watch the gentle pad of her feet across the floor, the sway of her hips with each step...

"No," I mutter, never taking my eyes from her. "Thank you."

Chapter Three - Abbi

"Coffee?" Mom asks, eyeing the Starbucks at the end of the street.

I roll my eyes but I should have guessed she'd ask eventually. I'm sure coffee runs through her veins instead of blood.

"Would I deny you that?" My lips twitch as I look at her. She grins.

"You've tried, honey. You've tried!"

"Only because Dad made me hide all the coffee. I either did it, or he threatened he wouldn't buy Barbie's convertible. I was eight. I needed that car, Mom." I laugh. "It was a life or death situation, y'know."

She shakes her head, laughing silently, and grabs the door of Starbucks. "Life or death was me not getting my coffee that morning, Abbi. Do you want one?"

I look through the tall windows into the coffee shop and shake my head. Most of the tables are full since it's just after lunch, and after making small talk with the manicurist and hairdresser for two hours, I need some quiet.

"No, I'm okay. I'll wait out here." I smile uneasily at her, my eyes darting between her and the windows. Mom follows my gaze and nods understandingly.

"I'll only be a minute." She hesitates, sucking the corner of her lip into her mouth, before pushing the door open and disappearing inside.

I sit down on the bench on the opposite sidewalk and sigh. My fingers run through my soft hair, and I realize how tired I am. I can barely believe something as simple as getting my hair and nails done has made me so exhausted. But that's the thing with depression. You never know how or when it's going to strike and it nearly always knocks you off your feet.

It brings a whole new meaning to the phrase "always expect the unexpected."

I press the heels of my hands into my eyes and stifle a yawn. The sooner Mom gets her coffee the better.

"Didn't expect to see you anytime soon."

I haven't heard that voice for a year - maybe more. I can't think of a time when I've wanted to hear that voice again. Jake Johnson.

Pearce's best friend and half of the reason Pearce ended up a drug addict.

"I can't say I wanted to see you anytime soon," I reply, crossing my ankles and staring stonily at Starbucks.

Of course he didn't expect to see me anytime soon. As far as he - and everyone else - knew, I'm still at St. Morris's. The loony bin. The nuthouse. The funny farm. Because I'm crazy.

Like they know anything at all. Crazy is hysterical giggles after an hour long pillow fight. It isn't depression.

"Ouch." Jake laughs huskily, eight years of chain smoking starting to take its toll on his voice. "I don't remember you having this much fight in you before you went loopy."

"I didn't," I say honestly. You can't have fight for something you don't respect or care about. "Aren't you worried about talking to me in public? I mean, what if someone sees you talking to Pearce's crazy ex-girlfriend? Wouldn't that tarnish your perfect bad boy image?"

He laughs again, and it crawls across my skin like slime. I try and fail to repress a shiver. I never liked Jake, and he never liked me; we were civil to each other for Pearce's sake. A lot of things were for Pearce's sake, and not one of them meant anything to him.

"Don't worry, Abbi. There's no chance of Pearce running into us. You don't have to worry about seeing him."

"I'm not worried about seeing him," I lie. My throat is dry at the mere thought of it. I swallow hard. I don't want to think about seeing him.

I'm not sure anything scares me more than that.

A third laugh comes from Jake. "You won't see him for the next fifteen years, girl."

My head snaps round, and I look at him for the first time. To look at him, you wouldn't think he was as addicted to heroin as Pearce. You wouldn't think it was what he lived for, the only thing that kept him living. In fact, you'd probably walk past him in the street, look at his gelled brown hair, his clear skin, and his muscular build and it wouldn't even cross your mind.

But I know. I know the devil that lives beneath the surface, and I've met him many, many times.

"What?"

"Fifteen years." Jake leans against the wall casually, as if he's not talking about the guy he grew up with. "He lost his job about a month after you went nuts and couldn't afford to keep up with it. He owed money to a lot of people - more than you know, Abbi. A lot of people that wouldn't think twice about breaking his neck, so the jackass made a deal. Said he'd be their runner and deliver the shit to their customers. His dealers got to sit on their asses, and he paid off so much debt that way. He paid less than he would have, because he took some home at the end of the night. It was a win-win for him."

"And?"

"And he got sloppy. Too confident. He got drunk one night out on his run and the cops got hold of him." Jake smirks. "Everyone knows if you're running junk you don't get drunk on the job. No need to draw attention to yourself, y'know? Anyway, he was loaded with shit and had a couple thousand dollars stashed in his back pocket. Took him straight down to the NYPD and had him on possession with intent to supply. He was in court last month. Asshole bagged himself fifteen years in the slammer for a rookie mistake."

I can't deny the part inside of me that relaxes. I can't fight the relief that floods through me at that news.

I don't have to see Pearce. Maybe ever.

"Well." I look back towards the door of Starbucks in time to see Mom walking out, her coffee in her hands, and I stand. "It's nothing less than he deserves."

I walk away without saying another word. I don't need to.

My actions speak louder than my words ever could.

~

I kept my eyes on the floor and wondered why I didn't give in to the screaming voice in my head telling me to grab the door handle and run. Wondered why I was standing here, yet again, while he destroyed himself.

I flinched with every sound he made as he prepared the drug and took it. No part of me wanted to know anything about how he took it. I waited for the inevitable happy sigh that would come as the drug spread through his body.

Still, I kept my eyes on the floor. As if not looking meant it wasn't happening. As if not looking meant I wasn't standing idly by and letting him do it.

But I knew why I was standing there. Fear. Fear of the anger that could erupt from him at any minute, even as he enjoyed his rush. Fear of another bruise or mark to explain away.

The sigh came.

I looked up.

I looked up but away from anything that had anything to do with the drug. His lips twitched into a gentle smile. A satisfied smile. My fingers curled into my palm, my nails cutting into my skin, but I swallowed the urge to speak. I learned early on not to say a word when he was getting that first rush. Don't speak. Don't move. Don't make a single damn sound.

I stepped back, breaking the second golden rule. Luckily, the thick plush carpet masked my footsteps as I backed towards the wall. I reached a hand out behind me, barely glancing over my shoulder.

And I hit a chest of drawers.

I froze, my eyes darting to him. His head snapped up, his blue-green eyes as cold and hard as ice as they met mine across the room. I took a sharp breath as he stared at me, and even as I dropped my eyes and screwed them shut, I could still feel his eyes cutting through me.

The bed creaked as he stood, and my teeth clamped down on my bottom lip. His silent footsteps as he approached were almost more daunting than loud ones. I couldn't see him. I couldn't hear him. I had no idea how close he was until his hand gripped my chin.

Pearce ran his thumb down my jaw almost lovingly before he tightened his grip and yanked my face up to his, forcing my eyes onto his.

"What have I told you, Abbi?"

I jolt, and the bath water splashes with the force of my awakening. I grip the sides of the tub so tightly my knuckles are white and try to steady my breathing. My eyes dart from side to side, taking in the room, as I work to ground myself.

Home. I'm home, in my bathroom. Not at a party. Not with Pearce.

I'm safe.

"I'm safe," I whisper. "I'm safe. I'm safe. I. Am. Safe."

I keep whispering those words, over and over, over and over. Reminding myself of what I know as I struggle to erase the flashback from my mind. I don't need to ride it out - I remember what happened too well. I remember the bruise on the side of my head from hitting the drawers after he shoved me aside and I remember "slipping on some black ice on my way home."

I let go of the tub and rub my hands down my face. The water is freezing cold. A quick glance at the clock on the wall tells me I've been in the bath longer than I thought. Much, much longer. I climb out and wrap my body and hair in towels with shaky hands. Adrenaline is still pumping through my blood from the memory, roaring through my body, and it makes me want to forget.

My eyes dart to the cabinet but it's pointless. I know there's nothing in this house that isn't carefully hidden that would hurt me. No razors, no scissors, and the broken mirror in here has been replaced lest I slice my finger along it. There's even a lock on the knife drawer in the kitchen - that's how much my parents trust and believe in me.

But somehow I feel safer this way. Knowing I can't get anything that would hurt me almost makes me feel a little stronger because I have to cope. Right now I have to cope with the memories because my chosen way out isn't an option anymore. I can't escape into the pain or lose myself in my blood swirling down the plug.

I have to feel. I have to remember. I have to live.

Yet it doesn't stop my nails digging harshly into my palms. Even that, the small sting of pain, takes off the edge of the past. It clears my head long enough to realize I haven't danced today.

Long enough to realize, I need to dance.

I change into some yoga pants and a tank top, clip my wet hair on top of my head and grab my ballet shoes. The TV buzzes as I pass the front room, and I open the door in the kitchen that leads to the garage.

Dad converted half of the double garage into a mini dance studio when we found out I'd be leaving St. Morris's. There are mirrors on the wall and a brass banister that doubles as a barre. I'd laughed at him when he showed me it for the first time, but it works surprisingly well.

I take the cold metal in my hand, moving into position, and can't help but think about the last time I danced... With Blake.

When Bianca had ordered us to partner off, I was ready to run there and then. Or shout at her for not telling me - either one. I know now she deliberately didn't tell me. And after all, I'd have to dance with someone at Juilliard, so it's better to get that hurdle cleared now. And it was cleared easier than I thought it would be.

When we danced together, I felt nothing but free. I felt like I could take any steps to any music on any stage in the world and I would get it perfectly right.

The art involved in ballet is like a movie. If the two lead characters don't have chemistry, it doesn't work. If two dancers don't have chemistry, if they don't click, the dance won't work.

I've partnered with more people than I can count, both male and female, and I've never connected with anyone the way I did with Blake. I've never felt so comfortable in someone else's arms as we danced together, and I've definitely never trusted a partner that way. I've also never been as attracted to a partner as I am to him.

And that scares me.

The day I walked out of St. Morris's for the last time I built walls a hundred feet high around every part of me. I topped them with barbed wire and guarded any crack with wolves. I was - am - determined not to feel. I'm determined not to let anyone in. Not until I know I can keep myself up.

Dance is the one thing that keeps me up. It's the one thing I let myself feel; it's the one thing that is truly real to me. It's the only thing that's allowed to get past the wolves and climb my walls. Yesterday, Blake and dance were synonymous. They were one.

Where the dance went, he went, too.

I slowly lower from pointe and breathe out. Instead of being at the barre, I'm in the middle of the garage. I danced without realizing. Lost in my head, I could have done any dance, any steps, any positions, and I'll never know.

But I did what matters.

I fought the impulse to hurt.

And I danced.

Chapter Four - Blake

"Bloody hell." I mutter as I slam the door to my apartment. "Takeaway guy needs to get some manners."

I set the cartons down on the small table in my kitchen and grab a plate from the cupboard. My chef's clothes are in a heap on the floor in front of my washing machine, and I kick them to the side.

I'm a chef and ordering takeaway for dinner. But really, a guy who cooks for ten hours in a shit hot kitchen doesn't want to cook at home as well.

I dump the food onto my plate and take the ten steps into my front room. I sit on the sofa, swinging my legs up, and switch the tele on. And my phone rings.

"Uhhh," I groan, leaning my head back. "Jesus."

My steaming plate earns a place on the coffee table as I grab the phone. And groan again when my brother's name appears on screen.

"Jase," I answer. My favorite brother. Actually, my only brother.

"Mum was wondering if you were dead. You haven't called her."

"So she has my barely-legal baby brother calling to make sure her eldest son is still alive?" I snort. "Save me the sob story, Jase."

He sighs. "She's on deadline-"

"And only has however long to get however many designs of her fancy shoes into her office. Yeah, yeah. I've heard it all."

"Right." He pauses, and the line cracks a little. "Well. I think she misses you."

I snort again. This one full of disbelief. "I'm her biggest disappointment, bro. I was supposed to follow in Dad's footsteps and go into the firm with him, but instead I decided to "cook fancy dinners," as she puts it. Then I came to New York to do what Tori and I always promised each other we'd do, and she hates that."

Jase doesn't say anything, and even though he's so much younger than me I know he remembers her. There's no way he couldn't. As usual, the mere mention of her name silences the whole family. Like they won't forget - like I'm the only one who can remember the way her eyes sparkled when she laughed and the way she flicked her hair over her shoulder when she was playing up the daddy's girl act. The way everyone loved her, because she was just the kind of person you couldn't help but love.

"She doesn't like to remember. It hurts her, Blake." His excuse is lame, and he knows it. I don't like to remember and it hurts me but I still do.

"She's dead, Jase. She existed, as much as our parents would like to believe she didn't. Tori was real and pretending she wasn't and her death never happened won't make it better."

"It just hurts Mum that you left, and the fact you left to do what Tori wanted to do rubs salt in the wound."

"Juilliard wasn't - isn't," I correct myself. "Just Tori's dream. It never was. It was always our dream, and you know it."

"What's wrong with dance school here? You could get into any London school you wanted!"

I swallow as I remember the honest reason I'm here. That conversation that the twelve year old me didn't understand.

"Blake?" Tori had knocked on my bedroom door softly, pushing it open a crack.

"Yeah?" I looked up from the science homework I was working on into my big sister's wide green eyes. We had the same eyes - we were the only ones of all six of us that had Mum's green eyes. Jase, Laura, Allie and Kiera all had Dad's blue eyes.

"Can I come in?"

I looked at her feet inside my room and laughed. "You already are."

She looked down, shrugged, and laughed with me. "I suppose I am." She moved across the room with the grace of the dancer she was and jumped on my bed. My homework scattered everywhere, sheets of paper flying onto the floor, and I chucked my pencil at her.

"Dammit, Tori!"

"I'm sorry!" Her amused tone said she was anything but. I glared at her for a minute before breaking into a big grin. I could never stay mad at her. She was both my sister and my best friend, both of us the black sheep of the perfect family for our dreams.

"I need to ask you something." Her tone was hesitant and more serious than it was before. I froze from grabbing my work from the floor and looked up at her.

"What is it?"

"Did you mean it when you said you wanted to go to Juilliard? To dance?"

"Of course I did. Why? Did you think I didn't?"

"I did wonder." She chews her lip. "I wondered if you were just saying it for me."

"No, Tori. I want to go to Juilliard. We're gonna take on the world, remember?" I smile at her, and she smiles back almost sadly.

"Right. The world." She pauses. "I want you to promise me something."

"Anything."

Tori climbed from the bed and knelt in front of me. She reached forward and pressed her palms against my cheeks, cupping my face.

"Promise me, Blake, that no matter what happens, you'll go to Juilliard. That you'll go to New York and live our dream."

"What?"

"Promise me. No matter what."

I stared at her, not understanding why she was saying that. But I promised. I always would. I'd promise Tori anything.

"I promise. No matter what."

She stroked my cheeks with her thumbs and pressed a kiss to my forehead as she stood up. Then she turned and walked away, pausing for a second at my door. Her head turned slightly, and her shining, wet eyes met mine.

"Thank you."

I swallow, wiping at my eyes. "I promised her two days before she died I'd go to New York and get into Juilliard. I promised her no matter what, Jase."

I'm halfway there, I remind myself. Halfway there.

"Right. Look. I gotta go," he says in a slightly thick voice. "Going out. Bye."

The line clicks dead, and I fight the urge to throw my phone across the room. Same old response, same old thing every single time her name is mentioned. No one wants to talk about her, about the blot on the family name, about the perfect family's dirty little secret.

No one wants to remember her. If my parents had their way, she'd be wiped from every family photo she was ever in, our house would have one less bedroom, and my mother would have a handful less stretch marks. If my parents had their way, my eldest sister would have never existed. They would have had five children, with Kiera being the eldest. As she is now, by default.

I look at my dinner on the table, still steaming slightly, and chuck my phone on the sofa instead of at the wall. I glance at the plate again, shake my head, and walk into the dingy bathroom.

My family may pretend Tori never existed, but they weren't the ones who spent every spare second with her. They weren't the ones who knew her hopes and dreams.

And they weren't the ones who found her body.

They can try to forget all they want, but that's the one image I will never, ever be able to erase from my mind. That memory will haunt me forever.

Chapter Five - Abbi

The clock ticks steadily in the background. Every tick brings me a second closer to leaving Dr. Hausen's office and entering Bianca's studio. Every tick brings me a second closer to my true therapy.

My psychiatrist clicks her pen in time with the clock ticking. My foot bobs as I stare blankly at a spot on the wall.

"I like your hair," she says.

My hand goes to the braid hanging over my shoulder. "Thanks."

"It's a big change."

"Yep."

"Do you think it's a good one?"

I sigh and look at her. Her greying hair is clasped to the back of her head and her glasses are perched on the top of her head precariously. She stops clicking the pen, instead tapping it against her papers. I know this tactic - but I still fall for it. Every time.

I hate pen clicking, tapping, or any variation of a repetitive noise. She knows if she taps long enough, I'll answer just to get her to stop.

"Yes," I grit out. The tapping stops. "You know, that's a dirty trick."

Dr. Hausen smiles, her eyes crinkling at the corners. "Ah, but it works." She lets out a small laugh. "Tell me what made you do it."

"What made me answer you? The pen clicking and tapping."

"Abbi." She tries for stern but the lingering upturn of her lips gives her away.

I shrug. "Worth a try."

"What made you dye your hair?"

"The old Abbi was blonde. I'm not that person anymore," I say quietly.

"So it's the same reason you had for decorating your room before you moved back home." Statement. Not a question.

"Mhmm."

"Why do you think that is?"

Because I hate the old Abbi. I hate that she never stood up for herself. I hate that she let Pearce walk all over her, abuse her, defile her. I hate that he made her a shadow of the person she was. I hate the fact she let him ruin her life.

"Because I wanted to separate the past from the present," I half-lie, scratching behind my ear.

"And the rest?"

"The rest?"

"You're scratching behind your ear." Dr. Hausen's lips twitch as she relaxes back into her chair. "Abbi, I haven't been your psychiatrist for a year and not picked up on your habit. You scratch behind your ear when you're keeping something from me. Usually I let you keep it inside, but this time, I want to know. I want you to tell me the whole reason."

I push myself from the plush armchair I'm so accustomed to and walk over to the large window. Her office overlooks St. Morris's gardens, and I look towards the apple trees filling with tiny apples.

"I don't know what you mean." I fold my arms across my chest so I don't scratch my ear. Damn. I'll have to remember that.

"So unfold your arms and sit back down."

I swallow, silently counting the apples I can see on the tree. "I... I didn't want anything to do with the person I was. What happened - what he did to me, what I did to myself - it changed me. I don't like the person I was. I don't want anything that reminds me of her, so I changed it. Moving on. Going forward. You know. Isn't that why I was released from here? So I could move on and forget everything?"

"There's nothing good in forgetting. Remembering, although it hurts, is what you need to do. You need to take all the memories no matter how much they hurt and force them out. Even if it means reliving every single time he hurt you and every single time you hurt yourself, you must remember. Forgetting isn't the key to moving on. Remembering is, because only once we've remembered can we forget."

"That makes no sense."

"You can't forget what you don't know, Abbi. You can't forget what you haven't allowed yourself to know. All holding it back will do is keep you stuck in a limbo you have no control over."

I glance over my shoulder at her. "I have control. I haven't cut for months. I've wanted to, but I haven't. I have control."

My hands are shaking frantically as I look back out of the window. I blink to clear my eyes of the tears forming there. I feel like a frustrated toddler trying to get their point across without the necessary words.

I hear the shuffle as Dr. Hausen puts her papers down and the click of her heels on the hardwood floor.

"Abbi," she says softly, laying a hand on my shoulder. "I know you have control. That is the reason you were allowed to leave St. Morris's. Many people come here and never leave; for some reason some people don't have the fight in them to push the darkness away. Some people will never get better, they'll never fight their demons.

"But you? What you suffered was horrendous. Disgusting. I wish with every part of me you didn't have to go through what you did, but I know you're not one of those people. I know you have the fight in your tiny little body to push that darkness away. You are strong enough to remember everything you went through and still keep a hold on that light.

"Yes, I could have kept you institutionalized here. I could have kept you in your bland white room, kept your strict meal times, your group activities, your daily counseling sessions. But why? That wasn't benefitting you. Not even I'm perfect, Abbi. I didn't realize what you needed until you asked to dance - I didn't realize how strong your desire to dance was until I saw you in the gym the first time. That's why I let you leave."

"But why? Bianca was happy to keep coming here. Why not keep me here where you had an eye on me? You know I still feel like I want to cut when it gets bad. You know how hard it is." Tears stream down my cheeks, and Dr. Hausen turns me to her gently.

"Because, Abbi, you have something many of the others here don't."

"Which is?"

She bends down an inch or two so we're face to face. "A dream. You have something to live for, something you couldn't live for while you were locked up in here."

"Why does that make such a difference?"

"Because you can only truly live for something once you've stared death in the eye. You've been close to death, close enough to touch, but you can still hold onto life because of your dream. You cannot appreciate everything until you've had nothing. That is the difference."

~

The silence of the studio wraps around me, cocooning me in a blanket of security. Here is where I'm at home, with my foot on the barre and my head against my knee as I stretch out.

The emptiness of the studio is down to the fact I'm here half an hour early - before the ten minutes early Bianca demands of us. After seeing Dr. Hausen, I need to let off some steam before the class starts. Her room is so constricting, so suffocating, and I just need to feel free. Even if it's for just a moment.

So I twist my braid into a bun, and I dance.

I leap and twirl and spin my way across the studio floor, dropping from pointe and raising back up again. My toes take a beating as I lose myself in the piece, my leg muscles tighten and my back arches when I stop for two seconds. Then I'm back into it. I'm back flying across the studio, the heaviness of my discussion with Dr. Hausen lifting a little more with every step, every plie, every turn.

And then, for one blissful second, I can't feel a thing. All I can feel is the music. And in that second, I find a small piece of myself.

I find a tiny part of the fight Dr. Hausen told me was there. And I hold onto it as tightly as I can before the heaviness comes crashing in, weighing me back down again.

"Wow."

My heart jumps into my throat as my body jumps back. I somehow stop myself from falling over by grabbing the barre, and look towards the piano. Blake is standing by the great black piano with his bag at his feet and his awe-filled eyes fixed on me.

I shift uncomfortably. "Uh, wow?"

"Yeah. You can dance, huh?"

"Really? I thought I was lost on my way to a take-out." I tilt my head to the side slightly and my lips twitch.

"That came out kind of dumb." He laughs at himself and grabs his bag, walking over to the corner and sitting down. "Obviously you can dance, that's why you're here, and I've danced with you so I know you can dance, but yeah. I'm just going to shut up, because I'm really digging myself a hole here."

My hand covers my mouth and I giggle into it. "Well, I'm glad we cleared that up."

He turns his head in my direction, looking at me with a striking pair of green eyes, and smirks. "Okay, not only is she a beautiful dancer, she has a smart mouth, too. I'm pretty sure that's a recipe for my perfect girl. Hey, this could be fate, you know."

I feel my cheeks redden slightly and grab my water bottle. "If that was a line, it was a terrible one."

"Really?"

"Really terrible," I clarify.

"Worth a shot though?"

I sit on the bench and look at him, grinning. "Definitely worth a shot."

"Then it was worth completely and utterly embarrassing myself." He smiles at me. "I meant it, though."

"What, the fate thing?"

"If I said "maybe," would it work this time?" he asks hopefully.

"No."

"Damn." Blake pauses, and I raise an eyebrow. "In that case, I meant what I said about you being a beautiful dancer. I don't know what it is about you, but when you dance it's like you're in a whole other place. I noticed it the other day when we danced together. It's like you weren't even here."

I smooth my hair back unnecessarily, looking towards the open door as the rest of our class starts to filter in. "I wasn't," I admit. "We're all allowed to get a little lost sometimes, because life sucks. This happens to be where I get away from all the sucky stuff."

"Right," he says softly. "I get that. I feel the same, I guess. Just sucks we have to come back."

"Exactly." I turn back to him and our eyes meet. Something flashes in his eyes, something indiscernible. An understanding, almost. Something that connects us in a way I've never connected with anyone. After a beat I pull my gaze away and stand.

Chatter picks up around us, and I approach the barre. The cold metal is grounding to me, as always, and I hold onto it like it's what's keeping me standing.

"I feel like I should apologize for my bumbling speech when I came in and the really, really shitty chat-up line I inadvertently used," Blake's voice says lowly from behind me.

"Hey, like you said it was worth a try, right?" I drop my head a little and fight my smile.

"Well, it was. But that doesn't mean I shouldn't apologize. Honestly, I'm twenty-one; you'd think that by now I could bloody well talk to a girl without making a complete and utter twat of myself."

I lift my head and glance round at him. "Twat? What the hell is that?"

He groans, dropping his head back for a second. "Bloody Americans."

"Freakin' British," I respond, amused.

"Touche." He laughs. "A twat is pretty much a... Well. It's a glorified idiot."

I let my lips form a tentative smile as his eyes find mine. "In that case, I feel like I should tell you, you really did make a complete and utter twat of yourself."

Blake grins as Bianca steps into the studio and claps her hand twice. He winks as I turn my head to the front.

I feel his eyes on my back as Bianca's uncle begins to play our plie music. I feel him watching my every move like he's memorizing every inch of my body, memorizing the shapes my limbs make. His gaze is hot on me and it burns into my skin in a way that makes me inhale sharply. Facing the front and keeping my concentration is near impossible when a part of me just wants to turn my face and meet that searing gaze. It's thrilling and disconcerting simultaneously, but there's nothing I can do. I'm here to dance, not have a wary session of eye-sex with Blake the Hot British Guy. I have to grit my teeth and bear it.

Besides - if he was in front of me, I can't say I wouldn't be doing the same thing.

I might not want to feel. I might have walls built around me that rival any prison's, but I am still human. And that means I can still appreciate a hot guy.

And, if I'm honest, Blake is about the hottest thing that's appeared in my life since my aunt dropped half a pack of chili powder in her chili con carne.

Chapter Six - Blake

"The spiced prawn risotto, Blake! I need the damn risotto!" Joe yells across the busy kitchen. With the constant swinging of the doors and clashing of pots and pans, it's a wonder I can hear him at all.

"Right. Risotto." I pull open the heavy fridge door and walk into it. Shelves of pre-cooked meals wrapped in cling film stare back at me, and I look side to side, holding in my groan. "Risotto. Risotto. Where's the f**king risotto?"

"Where's the f**king risotto?" Joe yells, punctuating his words with a bang of a saucepan.

Good question. "There's none here, Chef!"

"Then get your ass out here and make me some f**king pronto! I need it in one hour for the party coming in - they're Friday night regulars and always order the damn meal!" The doors bang open. "For the love of beer, Jackie! How many of these goddamn tickets are you gonna pin on my board?"

"As many as I'm given!"

"Forty-five minute wait for food!"

"But-"

"Get out the kitchen before he throws the salmon at you, Jackie!" Matt, a trainee chef fresh from high school, yells at her.

The doors slam again as she walks out. I grab the prawns from the freezer compartment and leave the bag running under some water to defrost them while I gather the rest of the ingredients like there's a rocket up my arse. When Joe says he wants something now, he means yesterday afternoon. It's busier here than anywhere I worked in London - but I guess that's what I get for taking a job in one of the most popular restaurants in the center of Brooklyn. So Brooklyn is no Manhattan, but it's close enough and big enough to be busy as hell.

I cut the carrots, slice the olives, and finely chop an onion and a red chili pepper. The onion and rice cook in a huge pan, turning a golden brown color before being drowned in white wine. When the chicken stock I throw in has soaked into the rice, I add the rest of the ingredients, including pine nuts, and give it a damn good stir. A touch of black pepper, a few more minutes, and it's ready to go.

The spicy smell of the chili wafts up to my nose, and my stomach rumbles quietly. Damn. The biggest problem with being in a kitchen that makes the best seafood this side of Brooklyn Bridge is I want to eat it. There's only so many take-outs and quick-fix meals a guy can eat before he starts missing finer food.

And God knows there was plenty of fine food in my childhood. With my parents' high profile jobs, they were always dragging us kids to functions and dinners and expensive charity nights that probably cost more to organize than was raised. And of course, the dinner parties with business associates that all happened to have good-looking, well-mannered sons and daughters that were pushed on Kiera and I. For a second, I feel a twinge of regret that I've left her to that by herself - and now Allie will be subjected to it, too. Even if Allie is a carbon copy of Mum, happy to marry a rich man and let him fund her lifestyle while she draws pictures of pretty dresses or whatever.

"The f**king risotto!" Joe bellows.

I shake off the lingering thoughts of my life in London and spoon the risotto into a large glass dish, ready to cover and whisk into the fridge after it's been plated up. I carry the dish across the busy kitchen and place it in front of Joe.

"Least it smells like risotto," he mumbles, grabbing a spoon. He puts some in a small bowl and tastes it - because he doesn't yet trust my ability to cook. It's written all over him, and proven by the look on surprise currently plastered on his face.

"Damn, kid." He nods. "This is good. Plate it up and get that damn Jackie in here to take it out."

A breath I didn't realize I was holding leaves my body, and I grab some clean plates from the shelves behind me.

Maybe now he'll stop doubting me.

I press the button to alert the wait staff there's food waiting and take the risotto dish to the back.

"You can take off once that risotto is away, Blake," Joe calls. "It's under control here and already half an hour over your shift. You did good tonight, kid."

I shut the fridge door behind me. "Thanks, Chef. I'll see you Monday."

"See ya. Damn it, Matt! Stop that f**king pan boiling over!"

I scoot out of the kitchen and grab my coat before he decides he'd rather send Matt home instead of me, and get the hell out of Double Bass Restaurant. Downtown Brooklyn on a Friday night is busy - not as crazy busy as I'm sure it is on the other side of the East River - but enough that the ten minute walk to my apartment is at least mildly amusing.

As I think this, a group of three girls round the corner in front of me. One of them stumbles into my side, and I grab her arms to steady her.

"Oh! I'm so sorry." She giggles, putting her hand to her mouth.

"No problem." I smile at her and drop my hands.

One of her friends gasps. "He's British!"

Oh God. I should have just smiled and carried on walking.

The girl who fell into me stops. "Are you like, real British with a proper accent, or one of those really annoying ones?"

"I er... I should be going." I step back a little as the girl giggles again.

"Oh, it's a proper one!" She beams at me and puts a hand on her hip. "Did you just move here?"

I also should have listened to the attitude-filled warning about American girls and British guys my brother gave me before I left. Or learnt how to speak like one.

"Yeah... Last week. I really have to go. Sorry girls. Have a good night." I side step.

"Then you must need someone to show you around!"

"I have a map, but thanks." I wave awkwardly and turn away.

"Well, how about my number in case you change your mind?"

"Really, I'm good."

"I could take yours!"

The brick wall across the street is looking like a really, really good place to bang my head against right now.

"I don't have one." I all but run around the corner and the rest of the way to my apartment before I take a breather.

I let myself into the block, see the lift is out of action, and climb the stairs. My apartment is a welcome sight, and I drop onto my sofa, letting the door swing shut by itself.

God. Damn.

I'm no stranger when it comes to attention from girls. I mean, I've had girlfriends in the past and a few one nighters, but I've never experienced anything quite like that. And all because I'm bloody British.

Am I gonna have that whenever I talk to a girl? 'Cause if that's the case, I really need some lessons on how to speak like an American.

"Hello?" I answer my phone as the screen lights up.

"Darling!" My mother's voice trills down the phone. I slide down the cushions, wishing the sofa would just open up and swallow me.

"Mum," I reply. "How are you?"

"I'm fine, Blake. How are you? You haven't called me."

"I've been busy. You know, settling in and stuff."

"And stuff? What is "stuff?""

I pause. "Dance."

"So you can find time to prance around like a fairy but not to call your mother?"

"I came to New York to dance, Mum. Remember that?"

"Yes, yes, so you say. What I'd like to know is when you're coming home. It's ever so quiet around here."

"I'm not coming home."

She says nothing for a minute that seems like an hour. "I thought you may have had enough by now."

And there it is: the famous Smith parents' belief in their children. Or maybe they reserve this special brand just for me.

"I've been here a little over a week," I remind her.

"Well, yes, but you've never really been away from home for that long. Goodness, Blake, you went to your grandparents for a weekend when you were eleven and hated it so much you never went back without us. Although, it was your father's parents, so perhaps I can understand that."

"Yes, thank you, Mother," I say dryly. "In case you fail to notice, I am no longer eleven years old. I'm twenty-one. You know. An adult."

"Then whyever are you talking to me like you're a hormonal teenage girl?"

I close my eyes and take a deep breath. God I love my mother, I really do, but she is the most testing woman on Earth. I admire her for demanding respect at all times, but honestly, if she's gonna piss me off, I'm going to talk to her like I'm a child. Sometimes that's the only way to get her to listen to me.

"Anyway, never mind all that. I'm calling to let you know the good news!"

"The good news? Did Kiera finally give in to your matchmaking?"

"No." She sounds slightly put out. "Although, I believe she's warming up to Dr. Lyle's son, Martin. He's a bit of a sap, but he has a bright future and stands to partner in his father's practice, so he's definitely suitable for her."

And he's about as interesting as a one hundred meter race being run by a group of slugs.

I make a non-committal sort of noise I hope she'll take as an agreement. Occasionally it's easier to just say nothing.

"So, my news!"

Spit it out, woman.

"My shoes are moving Stateside!"

Oh God no.

"They are?" I ask hesitantly.

"Yes! I have a long weekend of meetings in New York in two weeks' time, and I wanted to let you know now so you can make sure your schedule is clear. It would be nice to have dinner one night and catch up. You can tell me all about your fair- er, dancing."

I fall sideways, burying my face in a cushion. "That's great, Mum. I'm really happy for you. I know you've waited for this." Okay, so I'm a half-hearted happy for her. At least the half of me that's happy is beyond ecstatic... If only because now Dad doesn't have to hear her bitching about American fashion chains and their rejection of her British designs any longer.

"It's been a long time coming. So, about dinner. I land on Thursday morning, so Thursday night would be best for me. I can't be late though, as I have a meeting at eight am on Friday and the jet lag will be a killer as it is."

"I have dance class on Thursdays."

"Well, you'll have to miss a class."

"No can do, Mum. I could be dying and Bianca would expect me to be there, shoes on and ready to perform to a world class standard."

"Well, when do you leave your class?"

"Seven-thirty."

"I suppose we can have dinner at eight." She sighs. "Really, I can't wait for the day you'll give up on this silly dream of dancing."

I bite my tongue as she carries on her all-familiar tirade about my choice to dance. As always, Tori doesn't factor into it. And it makes me even more determined to succeed.

And even more pissed that Mum's shoes finally cross the Atlantic mere days after I do.

~

I head into Bianca's studio for an afternoon dance session. There isn't really enough room to practice in my apartment, so I pulled her aside after our last class and asked to use the space this weekend. She readily agreed, telling me she'll be doing paperwork anyway.

The large room is eerily silent without anyone else here. The only time it's been this quiet is on Thursday when I watched Abbi dance to a melody only she could hear. Even then, I was too enthralled by her graceful movements to notice the lack of background noise.

I slip off my joggers and hoodie and swap my socks for ballet shoes. My eyes trawl around the studio, and I can't remember the last time I had this much room to dance alone. A part of me doesn't want to remember. So I don't.

I dance instead.

I throw myself into it with everything I have. All the rising emotion inside me - the uncertainty about moving here, the hesitance of living alone, the fear of failure - comes pouring out through the tips of my fingers and my toes. I dance unconsciously, aware of my feet touching the floor and lifting off but not aware of anything else. My posture, positions, steps... I don't know anything about them.

They're just there.

I stop, my breathing heavy. Emotion and ballet has always been a heady mixture for me, both a blessing and a curse. Today, it seems to be the latter, and I blame Mum's phone call. She always brings out the worst in me.

I cross the floor toward my bag, ready to go sooner than I expected, but Bianca's voice stops me.

"I don't see people like you often."

"I'm not quite sure how I'm meant to take that." I turn to her, my hand hovering over my hoodie.

She smiles. "It's a compliment. Usually, the people that dance as well as you do don't need me. They're already at Juilliard. Teaching someone of your skill is a rare treat for me, and this year I have two of you."

"Abbi."

Her smile twitches into a smirk. "Yes. Both of you have a quality about you I can't put my finger on. I've seen hundreds, maybe even thousands, of dancers, yet you two are something completely different. It's almost as if you're both meant to dance, alone and together."

"I'm not sure about that."

"I am." She crosses the room, her bare feet silent against the floor. "Every year I kick off my classes with a grand pas de deux. I'm pairing you with Abbi for three reasons. One; you're the only person she's spoken to, and that's important for her. Two; your builds match each other. And three..." Bianca looks up, tilting her head to the side. "...The romantic ballerina inside me is too curious to see what you two will come up with."

I frown. "Why is it so important for her to have spoken to someone?"

"Because it is."

I remember the shadows in her eyes. The ones that captured my attention from the first second I looked into those baby blues. The ones that echo my sister's.

"She dances for more than just the love of ballet, doesn't she?" I question softly.

Bianca takes some papers from the top of the piano. "You're asking me questions I cannot answer, Blake. Abbi's reasoning for dancing is hers and hers alone, and the only person with any right to share that is her." Her eyes meet mine as she walks back toward her office. "Perhaps, in time, she'll share it with you herself. I sincerely hope she does."

She disappears through the doors, leaving me staring after her and hoping for the same thing.

Chapter Seven - Abbi

I barely have a chance to comprehend the auburn hair flying at me before my best friend's arms wrap around me. Maddie squeezes me tightly, and as I hug her back, breathing in her familiar smell, my eyes begin to burn with tears. I never realize how much I've missed her until I get to see her. It's only been four months, but so much has happened since her last trip home it feels like so much longer.

"God! Your hair! You!" She squeezes me again. "You're at home! You're okay."

I pull back and look at her. "I'm okay. Of course I'm okay."

Her green eyes sparkle with unshed tears, and she nods. "I just... I wanted you to get better so bad, and now you are."

"Well, sort of. I'm getting better. Slowly."

Maddie finally lets me go and wipes under her eyes. "I'm gonna grab coffee, okay?"

I nod, and she turns towards the counter in Starbucks. I sit back down at the small table - our table - and wait for her to return. Saturday mornings at Starbucks are always crazy, and it's hard to be here. It's hard to be so exposed to so many different people.

It feels like every pair of eyes that looks my way is scrutinizing me. Every look is a judgment. Every laugh is about me. Every conversation is about the girl in the corner.

And the funny thing is, no one in here knows me. They have no idea who I am or what I've been through. But it doesn't stop me feeling naked.

"Phew." Maddie drops opposite me and places two coffees and two muffins in front of me. "Don't tell Braden. He thinks I eat too many of these things..." She waves her blueberry muffin. "...So I have to eat them when he's not around. I think I'm gonna eat like one hundred this weekend."

I smile wryly. "Maddie, under the thumb?"

"Psssh. The only thing about him I'm ever under is his whole body - because he's the one under the thumb the rest of the time. Believe me."

"I believe you." And I do - Maddie is the kind of person that could wrap a plank of wood round her finger. "Where is he, anyway? I thought he was coming with you."

She sighs. "He was. His Nan died last weekend so he's gone home to see his Mom and help her sort some stuff. I told him I'd go, but he practically frog marched me to the freakin' airport and threw me on the plane. Her funeral is next weekend, and I'm going back with him then."

"I wouldn't have minded if you'd gone with him!"

"I know, but he wasn't having it. He told me to, and I quote, "Go and have a girly weekend and eat those f**kin' muffins you adore so much."" She smiles.

"Hate to say it, Mads, but he has you worked out." I tilt my coffee towards her.

"Yeah, he does, but I just bribe him and it works."

"I don't want to know." I shake my head.

"Anyway, enough about my caveman. I want to know about you. There's only so much we can talk about on the phone, and it's not the same as sitting here with you, so tell me everything. How are you really doing?"

I shrug a shoulder. "Okay, I guess. Some days are harder than others. I feel pretty good today, but that could change later."

She chews the inside of her lip. "Do you still..." She pauses. "I hate asking this. God!"

I stare at her, knowing what she's asking, but wanting her to actually say it. She doesn't. Instead, her hand creeps across the table and wraps around my wrist. Her thumb strokes along the inside of my wrist, and I breathe in sharply.

"Do you?"

I shake my head, taking my hand away. "It's hard, but I dance instead. That and Mom decided to hide anything with even a half sharp edge. If Dad's to be believed, she even tried to hide the forks." I smirk at Maddie, and she responds in kind.

"Typical. But I'm glad, Abbi. I'm glad you found something other than that to help. And it seems fitting that the thing that helps you is the one thing you refused to give up when I did." Maddie's smirk changes to a wide grin.

"Hey, I loved ballet. I still do. It's what keeps me going."

She nods slowly, and I know where our conversation is about to go. I can feel it descending onto us, a heavy storm cloud weighed down with inches upon inches of torrential rain.

"Do you... Do you know about Pearce?"

I nod.

"Shit." She smacks the table. "How did you find out?"

"Jake. I saw him a few days ago and he told me."

"Asshole!" She snaps her jaw together. "I told him to keep his sorry ass out of it. Shit, Abbi. I'm so sorry I didn't tell you what happened. I didn't want to say it over the phone, and then you were leaving that place and I didn't want to push you back. I was gonna tell you this weekend."

I shrug. "Hey, it's okay. I had to find out sometime, right? I don't think I care, if I'm honest. I was scared to see him again, so finding out I won't be kind of makes it better. Makes it easier to be home. Last week I was scared I'd run into him every time I turned a corner or walked into a store, but now I'm not. I feel kind of... freer. Like I honestly know he can't hurt me anymore. I knew it before, but I really do believe it now."

Maddie picks some of her cupcake off and puts it in her mouth, chewing thoughtfully for a minute. "I don't know if I care. I mean, okay, obviously I care a bit. He is my brother; an ass**le brother, but my brother all the same. I don't want him to be there, but a part of me can't help but think he deserves it. After what he did to you, and then deciding to deal... How f**king stupid could he be?" She shakes her hair out. "He made those choices and now it's costing him fifteen years of his life. After everything Mom taught us, he went and did it all anyway. She'd be so disappointed if she could see him now, and I'm damn glad she can't."

I lean forward and take her hand. She squeezes my fingers.

"I'm okay," she says with a sniff.

"Mads, it's okay to be upset he's in prison. He's still your brother, and he wasn't an ass**le until he got to high school."

"The problem is, that's the Pearce I remember. The non-dickhead one."

"You know what?" I look from my coffee to her. "I think that's the same problem I had. I think I fell in love with the Pearce that threw water balloons at us, that stole your mom's freshly baked cookies from the cooling rack and threw rocks at the boys that bullied us." My eyes travel to the window, and my heart clenches with the realization that what I'm saying is completely true. "I think I fell in love with the idea of the person he could be, not the person he is, and because of that I never truly saw him for what he was. I was wrapped up in a fairytale, but everyone knows fairytales aren't real."

"My brother will always be an ass**le, but that doesn't mean fairytales don't exist. Remember, every fairytale has a bad guy and a bad patch, but they all have a happy ending too. You had your bad patch, now you just have to wait for your happy ending."

I smile sadly at her hopeful face. "I don't believe in happy endings, Maddie. Not anymore. I'm alive. That in itself is enough of a happy ending for me."

~

"Mom? Mom!"

"Your leotard is in the dryer, your tights are on the back of your chair in your room, and the new can of hairspray you asked for is in the bathroom."

I blink at my dad, hidden behind his newspaper. "Well, damn, Dad. When did you get a sex change?"

He drops the paper an inch so I can see his eyes. "Funny, Abigail. Your mother gave me those instructions before she left for some coffee date with her friends."

"And you remembered? I'm impressed. Maybe you're not as old as I thought you were."

The paper falls onto his lap, and he peers at me over the rims of his reading glasses. His lips are twitching, and I don't try to hide the wide grin on my face as I pass into the kitchen.

"She made me repeat it to her near twenty times so I wouldn't forget. I thought I should say it as soon as I heard you, so I wouldn't forget to tell you I had something to tell you," he calls.

I shut the fridge door and lean against the kitchen doorframe. "Wait, is it too late to take back that age thing? 'Cause forgetting about forgetting about something is real bad, Dad."

"This conversation is starting to confuse me. It's far too early on a Sunday morning."

"It's eleven a.m."

"Is it?"

"Yup. Not exactly the crack of dawn." I give his pajama pants a meaningful look.

He glances down at them and back up at me. "Don't you have a dance class to be getting ready for?"

"Going. Going!" I turn around, then stop and look over my shoulder. "Maddie will be here soon. She's coming to class with me."

Dad groans. "Oh God. I've seen Maddie dance once - it wasn't pretty."

I laugh. "She's watching. Something about wanting to see the Hot British Guy."

"And how would she know there's a British guy that's hot in your class?"

I really wasn't meant to say that out loud.

"Perhaps she bugged the dance studio? Who knows?" I try, smiling sweetly.

"You know, Abbi, I'm pretty sure I should be rolling up my sleeves-"

"After changing out of your pajama pants, preferably."

"Well, okay. As I was saying, darling, I think I should be rolling up my sleeves and marching to this class with you to check out this hot British guy for myself."

"That could be kinda embarrassing." I flinch. "And totally unnecessary, I might add."

"But I don't feel the need to. I find myself quite liking the fact you've described a guy as "hot.""

I turn my body back to him. "I never said I did that."

"You didn't deny it."

"Well, no. But." I fidget. "I. Yeah."

"Like I said, I quite like it."

"That's not normal, Dad."

"Perhaps not, but the fact you've described someone that way after what you went through makes me feel like a part of my baby girl is still in there. And the fact you've said it to Maddie, she's going to class with you, and you'll no doubt spend your next ten phone calls running up my phone bill by talking about him, makes me insanely happy."

"Dad, I'm depressed, not blind. And is that permission to run up the phone bill?"

"What? No. I didn't say you could. I said you would."

I laugh and cross the room to him, bending down to hug him. He rubs my back gently, and I press my lips to his cheek. "Love you, Daddy."

"And I love you, Princess. Now go and get ready to torment the hot British guy, and I'll send the firecracker up when she gets here."

He pats my arm and smiles. I leave the living room to the shuffle of his paper going back in front of his face, grab my leotard from the dryer in the utility room, and head upstairs to find my tights. Just as Dad said, on the back of my chair in my room.

I quickly slip into my ballet clothes and throw some sweatpants and a tank top on over them. My hairspray stares at me from the sink in the bathroom, and after a quick search for my brush, I sweep my hair up into a sleek bun.

My eyes are clearer and brighter than I've seen in a long time. There's more color in my cheeks and my hair is shinier. I glance at the scales, wondering whether or not I want to step on them. After all the weight I lost when I was first in St. Morris's it's been a battle to put it back on, and even though my curves are slowly reappearing, it's still daunting.

I pull off my pants and step on the glass surface before I can think any more into it. The red numbers on the digital screen fluctuate slightly, and I draw my bottom lip between my teeth as I wait for them to stop. Then they do. And I smile. I've avoided the scales for two weeks and it was worth it, because I've gained three pounds.

Those three pounds are everything to me.

Maddie's laughter drifts up the stairs, and I step back into my sweatpants and go down to meet her.

"Oh good. You're ready. Let's go. I want to see Hot British Guy," she says as soon as my feet hit the bottom stair.

"He has a name, y'know," I mutter, grabbing my bag from the corner of the hall.

"Really? You never mentioned it," she teases me.

"Oh, ha." I open the door. "You do realize my Sunday class is three hours long, right?"

"You're kidding."

"Nope."

"Then you, Abigail Jenkins, are very damn lucky I enjoy watching you dance."

I smile at her, and we get into the taxi waiting outside to take us across the bridge to Bianca's studio. The journey is quick, and when we get there, Maddie stops and stares at the small building housing the studio.

"It's... Different than I expected," she hedges.

I raise an eyebrow at her. "What? Did you expect Juilliard?"

"Not exactly. But Juilliard is so... Pretty. And this is, well, not."

I back against the door and push it open, a small, knowing smile on my face. "You haven't seen the inside yet."

She wordlessly follows me down the small corridor leading to the main studio. I glance back to see her eyes widen and her jaw drop open. I know she's experiencing what I did when I walked into Bianca's studio for the first time - complete and utter disbelief that a studio so professional and perfect could be in such a bland-looking building.

"Damn," she whispers. "This is some studio." Her eyes travel across it, drinking in every inch of the room, before resting on the corner. "Oh, hot damn!"

I follow her gaze and my eyes land on Blake's back. If the messy brown hair combined with the fact he's early isn't a giveaway it's him, it's the way he stands.

Strong and tall without a hint of a slouch. His posture is almost regal, and my gaze skirts up and down his body before I realize what I'm doing and pull it away.

"Is that the British guy?" Maddie nudges my arm. "Wait, it is. You're drooling!"

I snap my head round to look at her. "I am so not!"

She studies my face for a second and smirks. "Just a little. God, I don't blame you."

"You have a boyfriend," I remind her.

"I can look, Abbi. Especially when that is the view."

I roll my eyes, heading toward the benches where Blake is stood. "California is corrupting you, Maddie."

"Eh, maybe a little." She shrugs a shoulder and follows me.

Blake turns as I put my bag down and grins at me. "Abbi."

"Blake." I return his smile, albeit more hesitantly.

"So," he leans against the wall, looking at me casually. "I heard Bianca is pairing us off today so we can choreograph our own dance. Something about her seeing how ready we really are for her class."

"Where did you hear that?" I grab my water bottle, a bolt of fear shooting through my body.

Pairing. Choreographing. That means out of studio time with someone. One on one endless dancing with a guy.

A level of intimacy I'm not quite ready for.

"I... Er... She told me," he admits with a shrug. "I came here to practice yesterday and she mentioned it then."

"Oh." I pause. "Has she paired us already?"

"No idea." Blake shrugs and glances over my shoulder at Maddie.

"Oh, Blake, this is Maddie, my best friend. Maddie, Blake," I introduce them and step to the side to change.

"Are you joining the class?" Blake asks her.

She bursts into laughter. "God no. I can't dance. I'm just here to watch."

"The studio would need closing down if Maddie tried to dance," I mutter, tying the ribbons on my shoes.

"Shut up," she replies, laughing a little. I stand, grinning at her, and back toward the barre. Blake follows after me, and we take our usual places at the back of the studio.

Bianca strolls into the large room with delicate yet purposeful steps, and stops in front of us, standing in first position. Her clasped hands hover in front of her stomach as her eyes comb across us, and I feel the heat of her stare scrutinizing every single person here.

"Pas de deux." Her words are sharp and short, cutting through the silence that comes with her presence. "A couple. At Juilliard, not only will you be expected to dance to perfection as an individual, but also as a couple. If you can't do that, you need to go away, learn how to, and then come back. Remember, I'm here to hone your skills, not teach you new ones.

"That said, after watching you for your last two lessons, I've paired you all off with the dancer I think you'll work best with. You have one month to choreograph a pas de deux, put it to music and perform it to the highest possible standard in a mini showcase at a small theatre owned by a friend of mine. Friends and family will be invited, so you must get it right. So..."

I fight to stay focused on Bianca's voice and grip the barre tightly. The idea of spending endless hours with someone I don't know, dancing with them, sharing with them the deepest part of me I can express, scares me beyond belief. I knew it would happen eventually. I knew I'd have to do this sooner or later, but I thought it would be later. I never thought I'd be in this position three lessons in.

I can't do it. I'm not ready for this. I'm not ready to bare my soul to anyone.

"Abbi?"

I draw myself from the harsh, doubting voice ringing in my ears and focus on the voice that's speaking my name. I don't want to; I don't want to know who I'm going to have to spend hours upon hours with over the next month.

Green eyes stare back at me when I turn to the voice. Blake.

"Are you all right?"

"I... Yeah." I smile tentatively. "Just...Thinking."

He watches me for an everlasting second, his eyes never wavering from mine. It's as if he can see something no one else can and he can understand what I can't say. But that's crazy, because everything is inside, locked away, where no one can see or understand it.

I take a deep breath and close my eyes. When I open them again, he's walking backward. But still watching me, this time with an intensity that makes me want to squirm. It makes me want to rub my hands over my arms and hide, and it's a stare that makes me feel as if I'm being stripped bare. As if every time he blinks he peels a layer away. And no matter how much I want to or how hard I try, I can't tear my eyes away from his.

"Are you coming?" he asks.

"Where?"

His lips twitch. "We have a dance to choreograph."

Chapter Eight - Blake

I fiddle with the scrap of paper Abbi wrote her number on on Sunday. I flip it between my fingers repeatedly, my eyes darting to and from my phone.

And I feel like a complete and utter dork.

I know nothing about this girl besides her name and the fact she can dance as well as any seasoned ballerina. I also know she's beautiful - you'd have to be completely blind not to see that - and I am stupidly f**king attracted to her lithe little body. But that's it. I have no idea what she does aside from dance, if she has a boyfriend, or why she gets a shadow behind her eyes when she dances. But I want to.

I spent all day yesterday convincing myself I want to know because we'll be spending a lot of time together over the next month. That we'll work best as a pas de deux if we're friends. That to build the element of trust needed between dance partners, we should know each other as more than just dancers. And when I was telling myself that, I was denying the fact it's because the shadows in her eyes are too familiar.

I was denying the fact I want to know Abbi because something about her reminds me of Tori. Something I can't put my finger on; perhaps it's the way she loses herself in dance, or the way she seems so delicate, so fragile. Maybe it's because sometimes her smiles seem a little forced, a little too trying.

Or maybe that's me. Maybe I'm seeing something that isn't there, reading too much into it. She could just be shy. And here I am comparing her to my dead sister.

Maybe it's all in my head and I'm looking for something that reminds me of Tori to hold onto. Maybe it's a combination of both. That would definitely explain why something about Abbi bugs me. Why something about her taps on my shoulder repeatedly until I give in and think about it.

I grab the phone and dial her number before I can think about it anymore and it drives me insane. She answers on the third ring.

"Hello?" her voice is quiet and wary.

"It's Blake." God, I'm so eloquent. My mother would have a fit if she could hear me now.

"Oh!" I hear a shuffle. "Hi."

"Hi." I pause, looking around my apartment. "I hope you don't mind me phoning you."

"No, I don't mind you calling me." The hint of laughter in her voice makes me chuckle.

"I'm sorry - I hope you don't mind me calling you, then."

"No. If I minded, I wouldn't have given you my cell number."

"You know, if you said that to someone in the UK, they'd wonder why you were in prison."

Her giggles ring down the phone. "It's not my fault you British people talk strange."

"Hey! The language is called "English" for a reason, you know. British and English are pretty much the same thing. It's you bloody Americans that have changed the words."

"Whatever. You freakin' British just think you have some claim to the language because you're from England."

"I think we'll have to come back to this," I muse.

"I agree."

"So, the reason I called."

I almost hear her smile. "Yes?"

"I know we have class tonight, but I was just wondering if you were free today. You know, before class. I thought we could get to know each other. Or something." I scratch at the back of my neck as I wait for her reply.

"S-sure. What were you thinking?"

"Uh..." I laugh nervously. "There's something really funny about that, because my plan is kind of half-assed."

"You don't know anywhere in Brooklyn or New York to go," she states, amusement lacing her tone. I'm seriously wondering if we'll ever have a conversation where she doesn't laugh at me.

"Yeah... That's pretty much it."

"Right. Well, it depends where you live."

"Brooklyn."

"Oh, me too. So, do you know where the Starbucks is downtown?"

"Uhh..." I think to what I know of downtown from walking to and from the restaurant, but I can't think of a Starbucks. I tell her as much.

"Whole Foods?"

"That I do know. Not much of a day out, I gotta say."

"And there's the famous British humor," she retorts dryly. I grin. "If you can make it without getting lost..."

"Oi!"

"...Then meet me there in half an hour, and I'll show you some of Brooklyn. Okay?"

"Sounds good to me. I'll see you then." We hang up, and I sink back into my sofa, leaning my head back over the top. "Jesus Christ," I mutter to myself. I rub my hand down my face, groan, and get up.

I only have half an hour, and I might know where Whole Foods is, but I have no idea how to get there by walking. That, and I'm still in my damn pajamas.

~

Abbi is sitting on the wall outside Whole Foods, her legs swinging, with her head bent forward and her brown hair hanging loose around her face. She tucks it behind her ear and looks up as I approach.

"Not bad," she says, checking her watch. "Only ten minutes late."

"Yeah. I cheated," I admit. "I got lost after five minutes and called a taxi."

Her lips pull up on one side. "I thought you said you knew where Whole Foods was?"

"I did. However, I didn't say I knew how to get here." I lean against the wall and gaze up at her. "So, where are you taking me?"

She jumps from the wall, landing gracefully on her toes. She lowers herself onto her heels and swings her head round to look at me. "Prospect Park. It's one of my favorite places, especially in early summer, so I thought it was as good a place as any to start."

"I've never heard of it."

"That's because most people think "Central Park" whenever the words New York and Park are put together, even if they mean New York state opposed to City." She smooths a lock of hair between her finger and thumb, walking off. "Which is a shame, because Prospect Park is beautiful."

"Lead the way."

"Are you kidding? It's the other side of Brooklyn. You need to flag us down a cab." Abbi turns and smirks at me.

No way. "Do you know how hard it is to get one of those things?"

"It's not hard. You just wave at one and it'll stop."

"If it's so easy, you do it."

"If it's so hard, you need the practice." She grins. "One is coming down the street now. Try and get it."

I look down the busy road and spy a canary car coming toward us. When it gets close enough for the driver to see us, I do as Abbi told me to and motion to him. The driver completely ignores me and drives straight past. Abbi tries to hide a small giggle behind her hand, and I shoot a glance at her. There are little crinkles around her blue eyes that tells me she's smiling, and even the fact it's hidden doesn't stop me from fighting my own.

"Try again," she urges me.

I do.

And again.

And again.

And again.

"I give up!" I throw my arms up. "I really do give up. Why you have to wave at these guys is beyond me. In London we just call the taxi service and tell them to come to a certain place and they do. I feel like a right bloody lemon standing here waving at taxis."

Abbi doesn't try to hide her smile this time. She grabs the lamppost, raises herself onto her tiptoes and waves in the direction of an approaching taxi. The taxi slows as it nears us and pulls up by the curb. I stare at Abbi in shock.

"See?" She smiles. "Easy."

"I have no idea how you just did that." I open the door of the taxi. She climbs in, and I slide in next to her. She directs the driver to Prospect Park, smiling smugly to herself, but doesn't say another word until we arrive. I pay the driver, and we get out, and I get my first look at her favorite place.

The large arch that greets us immediately reminds me of the Arc de Triomphe in Paris. The stone is expertly carved and the statues of horses and men adorning it look regal and very military.

"Soldiers' and Sailors' Arch," Abbi says softly from behind me. "My favorite entrance. When I was a kid I used to come here and stare at it for hours. I don't know why, but it just amazed me."

"I can see why." My eyes flit from statue to statue, and I barely notice when she walks through the arch to cross the road at the other side.

"Are you coming or are you just gonna stand there like a lemon all day?" She crosses the road when there's a break in the traffic, and I jog to catch her up. More monuments and arches are just inside the entrance to the park, all surrounded by lush green bushes and trees as they come into their summer bloom. Already I can see why Abbi is so taken with this place.

"This place looks huge," I mumble.

"That's because it is." She runs her hand along the rough bark of the tree. "I think that's why I like it. It's a great place to disappear."

"For someone who lives for the limelight, you really like to hide a lot," I say without thinking.

Her steps falter for a second. An unsettling cloud lowers over us, and I know I've said the wrong thing.

"Even people who live in a spotlight need to hide once in a while." Her voice is soft, barely audible over the gentle breeze rustling through the trees surrounding us. "If you promise you won't try to find me, I'll show you where I hide." She glances over her shoulder, and through the playful glint in her eyes is the shadows. Ever-present, they pull me in and entrance me as she takes a few skips away from me.

I hold up two fingers. "I promise. Scouts honor."

"Were you ever a boy scout?" She stops.

"No. Well, once. I hated the uniform, so I quit." I shrug. "Plus my brother loved it. There was no way I was going to spend more time with Jase than I needed to, believe me."

"Don't you get along?"

"About as well as water and oil," I reply dryly. "We're not that bad now. You'd think being the only boys in a family of six kids, we'd be close, but we're not really. He's seventeen, and I won't lie, his "I know everything and I'm always right" teen attitude really pisses me off."

"Ever thought your "You don't know everything and you're nearly always wrong" adult attitude might annoy him?" Abbi asks with a raised eyebrow as we walk down a seemingly never-ending path through the park.

"Not really."

"It probably does."

"How do you know?"

She points to herself. "I'm eighteen."

"And to think I left London happy I wouldn't have to deal with any more teenage girls. Damn it."

"You're really lucky I'm about as strong as a newborn baby or I'd throw you over this bridge for that comment."

"Bridge?" I look down and realize we are indeed standing on a bridge. Below us is mini waterfall surrounded by rocks and boulders. The water falls into a clear pool, and numerous birds I don't know the names of fly around. Some zip off into the trees, and others land on the rocks and stare into the water before taking flight once again.

It's completely silent apart from the water rushing and the birds in the trees singing. I didn't notice how empty the park was until it, or even how beautiful it is.

And Abbi is completely right. This is the perfect place to hide, to get lost, to disappear. I get the feeling we've barely even scraped the surface of what Prospect Park has to offer. Growing up in London and spending half-term holidays in my paternal grandparents' country house means I'm no stranger to nature or parks, but I can honestly say none of them hold a candle to this place.

I turn to Abbi to tell her this, to thank her for showing me this of all places, but she's not next to me. I spin on the spot, looking for her, but she's nowhere to be seen.

"Abbi?!"

Giggles travel up to my ears, and I lean over the side of the bridge. She's sitting on the boulder in the center of the falls, her shoes in her hand and her feet dangling in the water.

"I told you this is where I come to hide." There's a teasing lilt to her voice. "Fallkill Falls. Only one of my hiding places, but by far the best one. The falls are linked to a whole stream of falls and pools and ravines. This one is further away from the main paths so less people come here. It's usually only hardcore nature-lovers, or real life lovers looking for five minutes of privacy."

I fold my arms against the side of the bridge and smirk. "I bet that's a nice sight to wander onto."

"It's only happened once, and I'd prefer not to repeat the experience." She shudders and tucks her hair behind her ear again.

I laugh and swing myself up onto the bridge. I scale the side of it until I can reach a rock with my foot and climb down. Abbi watches me as I pull my shoes off and step into the cool water, walking toward her. She scoots over on the boulder so I can sit next to her and tucks some hair behind her ear.

"I can see it being a perfect place for real life lovers," I muse and look at the water rushing past. "These rocks would make for some interesting positions for sure."

Abbi gives a quiet snort and glances at me. "Like what?"

"Uh." I hadn't thought of that. "I'm not a walking Karma Sutra, you know."

"Really?" She raises an eyebrow. "You're male, right?"

I turn my face full toward her, my eyes meeting her bright blue ones. "I can assure you, Abbi, I'm all male."

She blushes. "Well most guys I know have the Karma Sutra burned into their brains."

"That's probably because the guys you know haven't passed puberty."

"True, but they still know it."

I grin slowly, putting one of my hands behind her back and leaning back. I don't take my eyes from hers, and her tongue runs across her lips when the flush from her cheeks goes. "That's because boys need the Karma Sutra. They haven't worked out there are more ways to make a woman happy than just using your dick."

Her eyes widen and her lips part as blood rushes to her cheeks again. She pushes hair away from her face and drops her eyes for a second. Only a second. Before I can say another thing, those baby blues are focused back on mine and holding me trapped.

"I'm guessing you consider yourself more than a boy?"

"I know I'm not a boy. I can probably use my hands better than boys can use their tool."

She coughs and looks away. "Point taken."

I watch her, still smiling. "I'm guessing you've only ever been with a boy."

"Who said I've been with anyone?" she asks quietly.

"No one can look the way you do and be a virgin."

Her lips twitch. "This conversation is getting real personal, y'know."

"We're here to get to know each other." I grin. "And I maintain my last statement. There's no way you're a virgin."

"I think I'm taking that as a compliment."

"Good. It's meant to be. But, uh..." I nudge her and she looks at me. "If you are a virgin..."

Her lips twist upward, and she shoves me off the boulder before I can finish my sentence. I laugh as I try to steady myself on the small pebbles underfoot.

"Idiot," she mutters, smiling.

I take a step but get my footing wrong and fall backward. Pebbles dig into my butt and Abbi doubles over with laughter. Hell no. I put my shoes on the boulder next to me and crawl across the small but strong stream of water toward her. My hands find her bare ankles and tug on them.

"Blake!" she cries, sliding down the rock. I laugh at the shocked look on her face as she falls into the water. It splashes as she lands in front of me. I grin.

"Not so funny now, huh?" I tease.

"I'll give you funny!" She shoves me again and I fall sideways. My hand grabs hers at the last minute and I pull her with me, both of us laughing. She lands half on me and half in the water, and freezes.

Her body and her eyes tell different stories. Her body is frozen and the only part of her that's moving is the rapid rising and falling of her chest. Her hand, pressed against my chest, trembles in something akin to fear. But her eyes aren't wide and scared. They're hooded and full of laughter. They're focused on mine, intense, unrelenting, unwavering. They're beautiful. She's beautiful. My hand on her waist twitches, and water rushes past us as we lie here.

Slowly, Abbi pulls herself off me and stands. She grabs her shoes from the boulder and takes tentative steps over to mine as I get up.

"Careful," she warns softly. "The pebbles are loose."

"You don't say," I say dryly when she hands me my shoes. "Thank you."

"You're welcome." She steps up onto the rocks and puts her shoes on the bridge. I follow her up, and she pauses just before she climbs over the bridge railing to speak in a quiet voice. "I'm not, by the way."

She doesn't look at me.

"Not what?"

"A virgin."

For some reason, that annoys me.

Chapter Nine - Abbi

"Mom, it's been a year."

"I know, darling, but I'm worried."

"I'm not perfect, but I think I can shave my legs without feeling the need to retrace all my old scars." My mouth twists, and I feel a sting of annoyance towards her.

"I didn't mean-"

"You know, if you really want to, you can come and watch me do it. Just to make sure." It comes out snarkier than I intended, but sooner or later she's going to have to start to trust me. "Whatever it was that made me cut, I've got it under control." Almost. "I can fight the urges. I'm strong enough now." Nearly.

"I'm just worried about you, Abbi." She rubs her forehead.

"Oh, for goodness sake, Miranda. Let the girl shave her legs like a normal eighteen year old," Dad butts in from over his newspaper. "She's already said you can sit and watch her do it if it makes you feel better."

I curl my fingers around my glass, dropping my eyes to the table. I wish she would trust me. The mistakes of my past are exactly that - mistakes. I know the pain they caused her and I don't want to do that again.

Mom sighs. Dad puts his paper in his lap, takes off his glasses and levels his gaze on her.

"Miranda, dear, she's not going to get better if you keep wrapping her up in cotton wool. I know you're worried. I am too, but we have to let her have some of her freedom. If Abbi wants to shave her legs instead of using that dreadful smelling cream you buy her, let her. She isn't a child anymore. She knows the consequences of her actions."

"And she is sitting right here," I mutter, tapping the glass instead of holding it. I breathe out and meet Mom's eyes. "Dad's right, Mom. I'm not made of china. I'm not going to break at the sight of a razor blade. Honestly, I just want to shave my legs. That's it. I wouldn't ask if I didn't think I was strong enough."

Mom presses the heels of her hands into her eyes and sighs deeply. It's a pain-filled sigh, and she's probably doing what Dad refers to as "The Kindergarten Thing" again. The one where she gets more agitated and upset over letting me do the growing up all kids do. (No kidding, on my first day of kindergarten she bawled for half an hour before leaving me. I just wanted to play in the sandbox.)

"Fine. Fine. You can shave your legs, but I'm not showing you where the razors are."

"Fine." I grit my teeth together. This is the best I'm gonna get. It's all she's gonna give, but something is better than nothing.

I press my fingers to the pulse point at my wrist as she leaves the room and remind myself I'm not the only one struggling with my recovery. It must be hard for her to feel so helpless. And, as frustrating as this whole protecting me thing is, if it makes her feel better, I guess I just have to deal with it. I have my way of coping. This is hers, I suppose.

She comes back into the room and hands me a bright pink razor with what looks like a hammer-proof safeguard on. I swallow the sarcastic comment, thank her quietly, and take it as I get up.

My hands shake as I enter the bathroom. I put the razor on the side of the bath and sit on the closed toilet seat, focusing on the lather I have to work up with the shaving foam. I focus on my movements right now instead of the ones I will make.

Tap. Sponge. Legs.

Because no matter how confident I was just two minutes ago, no matter how much bravado I put on for the sake of my parents, I am scared. I'm scared of the urges that build inside me.

It was all I knew for so long. Cutting was my escape, the way to let the pain out. The pain left with the blood, it trickled out with the sting and washed away. But now I have other ways to deal with the pain.

Other ways I still don't fully understand. Other ways I'm still learning about.

And that uncertainty scares me, because I know how strong the urges can be.

I spray some shaving foam into the palm of my hand and begin to work it into my wet legs, massaging my calves and knees. When my legs are white, I rinse my hands off under the tap and pick up the razor.

My fingers hover over the guard. Am I really ready to do this? Was Mom right? Am I still too "damaged" to even shave my legs?

Am I really strong enough to keep the demons at bay? To resist making my blood flow?

My fingertips close down on the guard, making my decision for me, and pull it off. I take a deep breath as I rest my foot against the side of the bath and touch the razor to my skin. Sickness balls in my stomach as I lightly drag the razor up my shin, but I'm not sure what the sickness is from.

Fear? The urge? The possibility and knowledge I could let it all out, that I could let it go?

I train my eyes on the blade as if my steady, intense gaze will make it behave. Like the blade is the one to blame for it all. Like I never cracked a razor under my foot and dragged the sharp piece of metal across my skin. Like it was never me at all.

Shave. Rinse. Shave. Rinse. Shave. Rinse.

I go through the motions on my right leg, my eyes harsher than a mother's glare at a child who just scribbled on her newly-painted walls. I swap my legs, using breathing exercises Dr. Hausen taught me before I came home.

Swallow. Shave. Rinse. Deep breath. Shave. Rinse.

The longer I hold the razor in my hand the more uncertain I become of myself. What will I do with it after? Will I throw it in the trash? Will I hand it to mom to get rid of? Will I just clean it and leave it on the side of the bathtub?

So many questions that demand answers swirl in my brain, blurring my vision and clouding my mind. Each becomes louder and louder until the uncertainty becomes booming shouts pounding between my ears instead of soft whispers in the corners of my mind. My grip tightens around the razor as I try to breathe evenly, try not to let the anxiety overtake me. Anxiety breeds depression. Depression breeds pain. Pain breeds-

A nick on my ankle. A tiny cut, one that is barely visible to the eye. This I know without looking. I can feel the sting, the red hot burn of my blood mixing with the air.

Pain breeds blood.

My grip tightens again, and I grab the towel rail with my free hand. I shake, feeling a tiny trail of blood trickle down from my ankle and along the curve of my foot.

The smallest cuts always bleed the most.

I remember the first time I made myself bleed. The night flashes before my eyes, and I finally remember why I did it. It's the one question I haven't been able to answer. The why. Why did I cut myself? What made me do it? The searing question that constantly surrounds me and my favored coping mechanism.

The coping mechanism that started with a nick on the ankle.

We had argued relentlessly. For hours, it seemed. A constant back and forth, the way it always was when it came to him needing to get his fix. I wanted him to stop this time. I promised him I would help him - whatever he needed. He said all he needed was the drug and that I could get him that.

I refused. I wasn't his servant - I was his girlfriend and I was determined to help him. I knew this wasn't Pearce deep down. I knew the real Pearce and I knew he was buried under all the pain and addiction somewhere. I knew the real Pearce was broken and mourning the loss of his mother.

He didn't agree. He reached his boiling point. I should have known by then to leave - to run as fast as I damn well could and get as far away from him as possible. I knew in his comedown, his craving stage, he was the most volatile. I knew all that mattered to him was the drug - whichever it was that day - and getting more.

But I never did run. I still held onto the memory of his calmest comedown, the one where he cried on my lap for hours. The one where he cried himself to sleep. I always waited for that comedown to happen again, but it never did.

He wasn't always violent. That night, he was. He'd slammed me into the wall as he'd left his apartment and sprained my wrist. Mom and Dad had been away on a business meeting in Boston, so when I arrived home, I was free to cry. Free to let it all out without question.

I had cried under a hot shower, letting my tears mix with the water, and grabbed my razor to shave my legs. It was there, the hot water beating on my back as I bent over, my foot on the side of the bath, my leg covered in shaving foam, that I cut my ankle.

It bled immediately. The bright red blood mixed with the white of the foam that had dripped onto my foot, the pink mixture hitting the water. More blood fell, and I watched, transfixed. I watched until my brain registered the sting. The sting that was stronger than the one inside. The sweet sting of release.

I didn't think as I smacked the razor against the tiles, cracking the plastic. My nimble fingers pulled it apart, letting the plastic drop to the ground.

The blade was cool between my fingers. Wet, but cool. I ran my finger along the sharp edge, staring at the still bleeding cut on my ankle. My back pressed against the tiles, and I slowly slid down to the floor. My foot still rested on the side of the bath.

The blade moved towards it, my hand acting of its own accord. It touched my skin, lightly at first, then stronger. My hand shook, and I bit my lip to stop the whimper as it broke my skin. A tiny dot of blood bubbled up on my foot. My eyes moved from the blade to the blood. My teeth released my lip, and my hand moved.

The blade sliced smoothly along my foot. The sting, the burn. It was all I knew. All I could focus on. The bright red, the scarlet blood mixing with the clearness of the water. Mixing perfect with pain. Tainting it. Destroying it.

The same way Pearce was destroying me.

I can't breathe. My chest is too tight, the lump in my throat too big. My teeth are clamped too tightly around my tongue, hoping the small pain there will override the urges.

The frantic shake of my hands leads me to almost drop the razor, but the tightness of my grip means the handle is firmly in place. I remember it, that moment I realized for the first time that it was freeing to bleed. There was no limit. I could cut once, twice, three times, keep bleeding for minutes, and the physical pain would take over the emotional. It would wipe it out.

More blood trickles down my foot, going in a different direction and landing on the white tiled floor. The blood taints the floor the same way it tainted the shower water that first time.

A tiny speck, a burst of painful color on something so calm and pure.

Do it. Just one. No one needs to know. Just once. Let the pain flow.

I squeeze my eyes shut, my whole body tense. My fingers are wrapped so hard around the handle of the razor I'm sure it's about to shatter, but it doesn't. It stays whole in my hand.

One little cut. Let out all the pain. Let it go.

I shake my head. At nothing. At no one. Because I know, or a part of me does, at least, that the voices aren't real. The voices are me. As crazy as it sounds, it's all me. I'm contradicting myself at every turn. Every voice. Every whisper. Every shout.

It's all me. It always has been.

And I can fight it.

I can drop the razor, wipe off my legs and walk. I can.

But I don't.

I stay, in limbo. Shaking, panicking, crying. Tears roll down my cheeks with the force of the fight inside.

There's no way to describe the fight. No words to convey the suffocating darkness that pounds down from every angle. No words to explain the tiny speck of light that can pull you out.

And I have to remember, the light. The light is where I want to be. The light is the aim. It's always the aim.

But what is the light?

I drop my chin to my chest as I feel the darkness pounding me. I know what the light is. I know, but I can't remember. I hold the razor away from my body, fighting in the face of a coming defeat. I can feel it. I can feel the urge taking me over, the sting still present on my ankle and getting stronger with every passing second.

And Juilliard.

Juilliard. Ballet.

The dream. The aim. The light.

Juilliard is my light.

And I grab at it. I grab at the light inside my mind and drop the razor into the bathtub. I open my eyes, snatch the sponge and wipe my legs, not caring that one of them is half done. The tears have slowed, and I wrench myself upwards, refusing to look at the razor. If I look, I'll break.

If I break...

I stumble into my bedroom and towards my iPod. I stab at the buttons, almost blindly, whispering Juilliard out loud. Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake fills my room as my back falls against the door I don't remember shutting. The soothing music flows through me, and in my mind I envision myself as the Swan Princess. I envision every step, every move.

My breathing slows, and I sit. Listening. Imagining.

Until the sudden ringing of my alarm breaks the silence. I look at my clock. It reads five-thirty in the afternoon.

Five-thirty means ballet.

It means the dream. The light.

And, I realize as I get up and grab my ballet clothes, fingering the leotard, it means I fought the urge.

I beat the blood.

~

I stand in arabesque en pointe in front of Blake. He wraps an arm around my waist just below my ribs, and his other goes around my leg above my knee. Slowly, he tilts me downward, bending one of his knees, and I bend my standing leg into a parallel passe. My core muscles are tight, my back arched, and my gaze is drawn upwards to meet his.

He smiles, and I return it. He holds me there for a minute, his hands warm on my body, his eyes never wavering from mine, before he easily lifts me upright and back onto pointe.

"Lifting you is like lifting a feather," he comments. "It's hard to believe you have enough muscle in your tiny little body to hold yourself in that position for that long so easily."

I lower my feet back into first position, my smile still playing on my lips. "Surprise."

"Indeed. Shall we try the first few steps? See if it works?"

I nod. "Sure."

Blake steps up to my side and places a hand on my stomach. The fingers of his other hand slide across my back and curl around my waist, raising with me as I move back en pointe. I try to hide the tensing of my body at his touch, try to hide the irrational sliver of fear snaking through my body.

Slowly, he begins to walk around me, moving me around, performing our opening promenade. As we spin, I move my arms into third position and bring my right foot extended just in front of my left knee in the attitude position. My eyes are focused directly in front of me, but I know Blake's steps are precise and at exact intervals. I also know he's doing it as easily as he breathes. We're the same in that dancing is almost unconscious for us both. It just happens.

We move into the rest of our entree, dancing together as if we've done so our whole lives. The familiar feeling of letting go comes over me, and I close my eyes, losing myself in our movements both alone and together. Now, Blake's touch is no longer threatening. It doesn't scare me, not when the moves are all I can feel.

The moment ends too soon, and I come crashing back down to reality. My ankle throbs as if to remind me of what life really is and my chest tightens. I take a long, deep breath and try to remind myself that I'm safe. That this is ballet. That Blake won't hurt me - that he can't hurt me here. That no-one can.

But it doesn't work. The panic rises in my chest, a tiny ball of it swelling and pulsing until it consumes my core, twisting and turning in my stomach. My deep breaths become short and sharp, my eyes burn with tears and my hands shake uncontrollably. Blood pounds through my body, strengthening the throb at my ankle, rushing to every part of my body scarred by my past.

Each scar burns. Each breath is harsh. Each blink drops a tear.

"Abbi." Hands frame my face. Soft, delicate hands. "Abbi. Come back, honey. Breathe... No, no. Slowly. In... One, two, three... And back out. That's it. And again. In... Two, three... Out... In... One, two, three."

Bianca's voice cuts through the fog swirling in my mind. Her hands against my cheeks ground me and slowly pull me out of myself, bringing me back to right now. Stopping me falling further into my past.

I look at her through blurry eyes. She smiles, dropping her hands to mine and bringing them together. She places my left wrist to my right fingers.

"Feel. Remember," she whispers. "You're still alive - you're still here."

I do. I slip my fingers inside my sleeve and press the pads of them to my pulse point harshly. My pulse thuds against them, lightning fast, and I count five beats of my heart for every breath I take, reducing the beats until both have settled to normal again. Bianca hands me a tissue, and I dab under my eyes, realizing we're sitting in her office.

"Bad day?" She strokes my hair from my face.

I nod. "Really bad. I thought maybe tonight would help, but for the first time, I was wrong."

"What started it?"

"I... I don't know," I answer softly, looking out of the small window behind her desk. "I haven't had an attack in weeks. I usually notice when they're coming and I can fight them, but this one just hit me. It came on so suddenly I didn't even realize until it was too late."

Bianca nods slowly. "Call Dr. Hausen and speak to her about it, Abbi. I know you don't want to, but you need to figure out why it happened and why you couldn't stop it."

"I know." I pull my gaze back to her. "Can I leave early? Please?"

She takes my hand. "Of course you can."

I call Dad and ask him to come and get me when she leaves the room. Time seems to drag as I wait for his message that he's outside. When it comes, I grab my things Bianca brought in for me and leave the studio. Dad asks me no questions as I silently climb in the back seat, bring my knees to my chest and hug them. I lean my head on the top of my knees and look out of the car window as he pulls away from the red-brick building.

I can't remember the last time I felt as out of control as I did today.

Chapter Ten - Blake

"Fuck it!" I drop the spoon for the fifth time tonight.

"You wash your damn hands with butter before you got here or what, kid?" Joe hollers.

"Might as well have," I grumble, bending to pick it up. I throw it in the sink and take another clean one from the rack. My pan on the hob starts to bubble frantically, and I rush over to the cooker to find the rice I was cooking boiling over.

"Shiiiiiit," I hiss, turning the gas off and taking the handle of the pan. I empty it into a colander in the sink and look at the bottom of the pan. There's half an inch of rice stuck to the bottom, and my body deflates. I knock my head against the standing fridge next to the sink.

Hard.

Joe puts a hand on my shoulder. "Look, Blake, I don't know what's going on with you tonight, but perhaps it's best if you leave early. We're quiet for a Friday and you'd be taking off in an hour anyway."

"No." I shake my head, grabbing a scouring pad to clean out the pan. "I'm good, Chef. Really. I'll finish out my shift."

"Son." He squeezes my shoulder. "Go home. No good you being here and beating yourself up every time you make a mistake. Get yourself a good nights' sleep and come in here tomorrow for your lunch shift, alright?"

I sigh, drop the scourer, and nod. "Got it."

He pats my back a few times and disappears back into the main kitchen area, yelling at Matt. I pull off my chef clothes and shove them in my bag, leaving the stifling building in record time.

There's a chill in the evening air when I step outside, and I breathe in deeply and gratefully. My steps are slow and lazy as I make my way home, my head somewhere up in the clouds. The waning light doesn't bother me as I trundle through Brooklyn's streets. I notice nothing and nobody around me.

All I can think of is a pair of blue eyes, wide and frantic. All I can focus on is the fear and confusion that glazed them over, clouding them until they were barely recognizable. All I care about is that she's okay.

My craziness is made worse because she wasn't in class yesterday. Because Bianca just shook her head with a hint of sadness when I asked where she was. Because somewhere in the back of my mind, I recognize the fear that shone in her eyes. I recognize the panic, the painful tears that dripped from her eyes, the heartbreaking shaking of her body as I carried her from the studio to Bianca's office.

And the sobs. I recognize the body-wracking sobs because I listened to my sister cry them for months.

Every minute we spend together, I see more and more of Tori in Abbi. But I also see something Tori never had - a spark. It's a spark that holds an honest to God dream.

Yesterday though... There was no spark. Every bit of light in Abbi's body went out. She was a different person - there was no fun glint in her eye, no amused smirk, and no sarcastic comments. The shadows that hide in the depths of her eyes took her over completely.

The way Tori's used to.

I have no idea why Abbi broke down; all I know is that I want to know. I want to know why she fell apart, why someone who's so silently strong had a moment of such crippling weakness. And I want to make it better. Something about her is so endearing I can't help but be pulled in by her - I can't help but want to want her.

I want to hold her waist as she gets lost in the dance. I want to spin her round en pointe until she doesn't know which way is up anymore. I want to lift her above my head and dance her across the stage so gracefully she believes she's flying.

I want to take the tears and the pain and change them into a smile and happiness.

Maybe that's why, when I enter my apartment, I change into a polo top and jeans and call her number without a bloody clue what I'm gonna say to her.

"Hey," I say softly when she answers.

"Hi."

"You weren't at class yesterday... I wanted to make sure you were okay."

"I..." She pauses, and I swallow as I wait for her reply. "I know it's getting late, but I thought of another place to show you in Brooklyn if you want to see."

I don't miss her avoidance of answering my question, but something in me hopes she'll talk more if we're face to face.

"I think I can deal with that. As long as we don't meet at Whole Foods again."

"No... No Whole Foods. Promise." If I didn't know better I'd swear she was smiling a little.

"Where to then?"

"Brooklyn Promenade."

~

I climb from the taxi and get my first look at the promenade. Directly across the East River is the lower Manhattan skyline on backdrop of the setting sun. I stop for a second, staring dumbly at the golden hues of the sunset crawling across the sky, only broken by the towering skyscrapers. Brooklyn Bridge stands to my right, stretching across the river, and I can't help but wonder if I'm looking at one of the most amazing things on this side of the Atlantic.

I draw my eyes away and look to the actual promenade. Benches stretch along the length of it, backed by trees and dimly lit lampposts every few feet. Couples, families and groups of friends stroll up and down the promenade, some sitting on the benches. They're all laughing and joking, and I walk behind the benches on a search for Abbi.

I find her a good few feet away from the majority of people here. She's sitting on one the back of one of the benches, her feet on the seat and her elbows on her knees. Her hair is swept to one side and tucked behind her ear, giving me a perfect view of her profile as she gazes out at the city.

"It's beautiful, isn't it?" she asks, turning her face towards me.

"Yeah," I reply, not taking my eyes from her. "Yeah. It is."

She stares at me for a beat before looking away again.

"This doesn't look like somewhere you'd hide." I climb up onto the bench next to her, perching on the back the same way she is.

"Sometimes the best hiding place is in plain sight." She smooths her hair back around her neck when a breeze sends it flying, peering sideways at me. "How many people do you think you walk past every day that are hiding from something?"

"Point taken." I nod.

"I come here to remember that life goes on. It's always so busy; the promenade is always full of people, cars are always racing over Brooklyn Bridge, and New York is always alive. Sometimes your world just stops, you know? And that's when I need to remember its still turning."

I don't reply, instead watching the sun drop down even further. Gradually, one by one, the buildings of Manhattan begin to light up. The sunset is washed out by the brightness of the buildings reflecting both in the water and against the sky. Shades of orange, pink, purple and blue fill the sky behind the city as the artificial lights mix with the natural one, creating something I'm sure you can't see anywhere else in the world.

I don't reply, even as the colorful sky is taken over by the inky blackness of the night sky. There are no stars here, their light drowned out by the city.

"You asked me if I'm okay," Abbi says, breaking my reverie. "I don't know how to answer that. Sometimes I am, sometimes I'm not. Sometimes I don't even know myself."

I wait for her to continue, watching her as she fiddles with a lock of her hair.

"I was diagnosed with depression a year ago. It's not something I usually tell people, but after Tuesday, I feel like you have a right to know."

"You don't have to tell me anything."

"No, I do. You deserve to know this much, at least." She takes a deep breath, finally looking at me properly. Her blue eyes are wide and earnest, completely clear of everything but a tiny dot of fear. Fear of what, I don't know. I just know I see that fear.

"I don't know what happened on Tuesday. The panic attacks... They kind of come along with my depression, and there's always something that starts them. Usually I can feel when one's coming and stop it, I can fight it, but I couldn't on Tuesday. I haven't had one for weeks now, and I have no idea what caused the last one. I guess I was lucky it happened when I was in a place where there was someone who knew how to calm me down."

I scratch my nose, remembering how swiftly Bianca moved to her side. "Bianca was with you in seconds, and asked me to carry you into her office. No one really noticed - and she didn't want you in full view of everyone."

"Thank you," she whispers. "For getting me out of the studio."

"It's okay. Really." We both smile at each other. "Can I ask you something?"

"Go ahead. I can't promise I'll answer, though."

"Warn a guy next time, can ya? You scared the shit out of me. I've been wondering if I'm really that bloody bad at dancing." I wink at her, and she laughs quietly.

"That's it. It must be your dancing. Why didn't I think of it before?" She shakes her head. "I'm gonna have to talk to Bianca and get her to find me a new partner."

I half-smirk, happy to see a light back in her eyes. "Shut up," I mutter.

Her lips twitch with a suppressed grin. "I really want some ice cream. Let's get some."

"You realize it's almost nine p.m., don't you?" I raise my eyebrows at her.

Abbi shrugs, jumping up from the bench. "It's never too late for ice cream. Especially not from Holly's place."

"Of course," I mumble as I get up. "An ice cream parlor open at nine o'clock. Bloody Americans."

"I heard that, freakin' British," Abbi replies, her cheeks twitching with the fight of a smile. "It's perfectly normal for an ice cream shop to be open at this time. At least, it is if you're Holly's. I actually have no idea about any other places."

I shake my head, completely amused, and follow her away from the promenade, leaving behind the bright skyline. She runs her hand along the bushes as we walk, and I wonder if that's one of her little quirks. She did it with almost every bush and tree we passed in Prospect Park, too.

I watch her as she picks off a leaf and tears it up, sprinkling the ripped pieces on the pavement as we walk.

"What did that leaf ever do to you?" I ask, drawing level with her.

She glances my way. "It was in my way."

"And the pavement deserved being covered in the leaf?"

"The pavement?" She smiles.

I rub my hand down my face. "The pavement. What we're walking on. You know - the paved thing?"

"Oh. You mean the sidewalk."

I stare at her. "Why the hell do you call it a sidewalk?"

"Because it's at the sides of the road and you walk on it?" Abbi snorts, stopping outside a building with a sign lit up announcing it as Holly's Ice Cream Parlor. "I have no idea. I didn't call it that. I told you before, it's not my fault if you Brits don't talk properly."

"I'm not getting into this again." I push open the glass door of the building and let her pass through. "Not when I'm still trying to understand why anyone would eat ice cream at this time of night."

"You don't have to understand it. You just have to do it. Ice cream tastes best at this time of night."

"Okay. I'll take your word for it." I look at all the names on the boards hanging behind the counter, then at the freezers in front of me. And drop my jaw. I've never seen so many types of bloody ice cream in my life, and I have no idea what any of the dishes on the board are called.

"You've never been to an ice cream shop before, have you?" Abbi asks me in a voice that says she thinks I'm completely hopeless.

Honestly, I'm a little inclined to believe her on the hopeless thing. London has been holding out on me, clearly.

"Never in my life."

"I thought I heard your voice." A young woman, no older than thirty, comes bustling out from behind a beaded curtain, and beams at Abbi. An apron is tied around her waist, and she wipes her hands on it, her brown eyes the same shade as her hair flitting between the two of us. "Oh dear," she mutters, her eyes settling on Abbi. "He's a newbie, isn't he?"

Abbi nods. "Yep."

"I thought so. He looks as lost as a penguin in the desert, that one. What shall we give him, Abbi?"

"I was thinking the chocolate sundae. The double one. With extra brownies." She pauses, then nods. "Yep. That one."

The woman - who I'm guessing is Holly - grins. "I agree. It's always a good startin' place. And you'll have the Rainbow Splash?"

"You bet." Abbi turns to me, smiling.

"I'd love the chocolate sundae, thanks." I try for annoyed, but completely fail.

"See? I knew you would." She dances across the parlor and sits on one of the high stools at a small round table, spinning to face me. "Everyone loves chocolate sundaes."

I follow her over and sit opposite her. "So why didn't you get the chocolate one?"

Holly brings over two glasses full of ice cream and sets them in front of us. One is layered with vanilla and chocolate ice cream, chocolate brownies, chocolate sauce and topped with a bit of cream and colorful sprinkles. The other is a mix of what looks like every color ice cream Holly has in the freezers, layered with strawberry and toffee sauce and topped with biscuit pieces, chocolate chips, and a whole pot of sprinkles.

"That was quick," I say.

"I've been doing this since I was fifteen," Holly replies. "No one in this city can whip up an ice cream faster than I can."

"Or better," Abbi interjects, licking her spoon.

Holly winks. "Enjoy." She turns, strolling back away to the back of the shop.

"And to answer your question..." Abbi's feet kick mine under the table. "If I ordered the chocolate sundae, I wouldn't get to do this."

She leans forward and sticks her spoon in my dish, taking a mound of ice cream and brownie. She closes her mouth around my ice cream before I can say anything, crinkles forming around her eyes.

"Just as well you didn't, then," I reply, twirling my spoon between my fingers. "Because that's a great idea." I dip my spoon into her ice cream but come away with a pile of sprinkles and barely a slither of ice cream.

Abbi laughs loudly, clapping her hand over her mouth to stifle it. I run my tongue across my teeth, staring hopelessly at my spoon, and try not to smile at the sound of her laughter. For all the sadness she has locked away in her body, she has the lightest, happiest laugh I've ever heard, and it's almost impossible to not want to laugh along with her.

I look at her, and her eyes are closed as her giggles peter out. She opens her eyes, showing me their brilliantly blue hue. I stab my spoon childishly into my ice cream, take a big scoop, and shove it into my mouth.

And I completely and utterly underestimated how f**king cold this ice cream is.

My eyes widen as I swallow the lump of frozen cream, and Abbi purses her lips, her shoulders shaking yet again with laughter.

"You seem to have a habit of making a bit of a twat of yourself," she observes.

I wipe some cream from the corner of my mouth. "I think you bring it out in me."

"Is that a good thing?"

I tilt my head to the side and watch her lick her spoon clean. "As long as you don't do it when we dance."

She smiles. "I think I can manage that."

"By the way..." I point my spoon at her. "...You have ice cream all around your mouth."

She wipes at her lips with her fingers and looks at them, then at me. "No I don't." She narrows her eyes.

I grin and stick my spoon in her ice cream again. This time I get a spoonful of ice cream, and I poke my tongue out at Abbi. She half-smirks, staring at me. My eyes flit between her and the spoon, and I slowly move the spoon in her direction. She opens her mouth and closes her lips around the spoon, sweeping the ice cream from it.

"The stealing was utterly pointless," I say, observing the smeared spoon.

"Oh. Hang on." She reaches forward and snatches my spoon. She beams at me, and her tongue flicks out. It licks across my spoon, removing every last trace of ice cream, and I can't focus on anything but that pink tongue sliding back behind even pinker lips. She puts the spoon back into my hand. "Missed a bit."

My fingers close around the spoon. "Uh huh."

Chapter Eleven - Abbi

I finger the material of the red knee-length dress, holding onto the long lace sleeve. My eyes comb over the boat neckline and the lace body, down to the black belt at the waist and the plain skater style skirt. I want this dress - I want it badly. But the sleeves get me.

For so long I haven't worn anything other than long, solid sleeves that hide the scars that cover the underside of my arms. The white lines stay hidden, my secret from the world. And the problem with the sleeves on this dress is it has holes. Tiny holes, not big enough to see the blemishes marring my pale skin, but they're still holes.

"Try it on," Mom urges from behind me. "It's a lovely dress, Abbi. Very you. Very new you. That color will look lovely with your hair."

"I don't know," I reply, still staring at the sleeve in my hand. "I don't really have anywhere to wear it. There's not much point in buying something that will just sit in my closet forever."

Mom rifles through the racks behind me. "If there's one thing I've learned in my too many years of life, it's that a woman always needs a secret weapon. Sometimes it's a little black dress, but there's nothing like a good red number to knock a man off their feet and keep them on their ass."

"Why would I want to keep any man on his ass?"

"So he can see your shoes, darling."

"No man will ever care about my shoes, Mom."

"He doesn't need to care about your shoes. It'll just make his life easier if he can see what's going to be walking all over him for the entirety of your relationship."

My lips curve upwards. "Then the red number isn't necessary," I say almost sadly, the smile dropping from my lips as I drop the sleeve. "I can't see myself having a relationship any time soon. If ever."

I shrug a shoulder, and Mom grabs my arm.

"Abigail Jenkins," she begins, turning me round to her. "One complete and utter bastard does not represent the male race. They might all be a bit stupid sometimes, but Pearce Stevens is most definitely in the minority. One day, you'll meet someone that will be worth all the effort that comes with having a true, life-changing relationship. It might not be today, it might not be next year, but you will. And when you find him, I expect you to wear this dress with a pair of killer heels and knock him on his ass so hard he can't sit on anything except for a rubber ring for the next week."

"Mom..." I roll my eyes.

"No." She cups my chin, bringing my eyes to hers. "You, baby girl, are stronger than even you know. I can see it in your eyes right now. One day you'll find a man who will love you the way you deserve to be loved, and he will treat you like the princess you spent your childhood claiming you were. This dress may be sat in your closet for however long, but you buy it, and when you meet him you damn well wear it."

I sigh and stare again at the dress. Mom's right - I don't even have to wear it yet. Besides, by the time I'm ready to wear it, my scars might not bother me so much. They might not control me the way they do right now. When I wear it, everything won't be so raw. Maybe the feelings and the memories will be as smooth as the skin that's healed.

"Okay," I acquiesce. "I'll get it."

Mom smiles and grabs my size from the rail, whisking it off to the counter to pay before I can blink. She returns a few minutes later with a triumphant smile, handing me the bag.

"Thank you," I say softly.

"It's not the first time I've bought you a dress." She laughs. "But you're welcome."

"For the dress, and for making me have it."

Mom wraps an arm around my shoulders as we leave the store. "Just make sure you save it for the right guy. And you let me buy you the shoes."

"You bet." I laugh. "Hey, Mom?"

"Mm?"

I curl into her side the way I used to as a child. "Thank you. For being there and never giving up even when I did. I don't..." I look down. "I don't know if I'd cope if I didn't have you."

"Oh, honey." She squeezes me. "You don't need to thank me for anything. You're my baby, and I'm always going to be there. You should never give up on something you believe in, and I believe in you. So, thank you for not giving up even though you think you did."

She's right. I didn't give up, not really. Not in my heart. If I'd given up in my heart I'd still be in my room at St. Morris's.

My cell buzzes in my jacket pocket, and I pull it out to see I have two messages. One from Maddie asking me about Hot British Guy, and one from said Hot British Guy asking what I'm doing.

Just shopping with Mom. Going home now, I reply.

Work sucked. I'm at the studio. Want to practice?

I'm in NYC already but I don't have my stuff. It'll take an hour to get it and back.

Damn it.

"Hey, Mom?" I grip my phone tightly.

"Yes?"

"I was wondering... You know Bianca has us doing a grand pas de deux?"

"Hmm."

"My dance partner just text me. He wants to practice, but I don't have any of my ballet stuff with me. I was wondering... If... Maybe... We could get him from the studio? And we could practice in the garage?" I look down as she unlocks the car.

"This is Hot British Guy, right?"

"I..." I look up to her smiling face. "Dad is such a teenage girl sometimes."

Mom laughs. "I agree with you completely, Abbi. Tell him we'll be there in ten minutes." She winks and gets in the car. I take a deep breath, wondering if I'll regret this, and tell Blake to wait outside.

~

"This is the hot British guy?" Dad asks after I introduce him to Blake.

"Dad!" I half-yell, my cheeks flaming. "Oh my god," I mutter.

Blake turns to me with a raised eyebrow.

"I... Go back to your paper, Dad. Geez." I glance at Blake. "Follow me." I lead him through the kitchen and into the garage-come-studio to the sound of Dad's raucous laughter. "I'll be back in a minute."

I run up the stairs, change, and come back down as I'm tying my hair into a bun. Dad's still laughing to himself in the front room, and I poke my head round the door and point at him threateningly.

"You!"

He just laughs louder.

"Don't encourage him, darling." Mom pats my shoulder. "I'm sure he'll calm down soon."

"He's a bloody nightmare," I mutter.

"She's... even... talking like one," Dad wheezes out through his laughter.

I screw my face up and flick my spare hairband at him. It hits his paper and falls to the floor. Mom rolls her eyes, sighs, and announces she's going to work in the office. Dad winks at me, and I smile.

"Hey, Dad?"

"What?"

"Thank you."

"You do realize I just embarrassed you, don't you?" he frowns at me.

"Yeah. But I kinda liked it. It's the thing a parent of a normal person would do, you know? You've never treated me like glass like Mom does sometimes."

"Normal is overrated. Now, go and dance with your hot British boy."

"Blake," I call over my shoulder. "His name is Blake."

"Eh, same thing."

I shake my head and push the door open. Blake is leaning against the barre, his arms folded across his chest, and he smirks at me as soon as I shut the door behind me.

"Hot British Guy, huh?"

"I so did not say that," I lie, turning away. "It was Maddie."

"I'm starting to think she had an ulterior motive for coming to that dance class."

"Do you watch a lot of movies or something? 'Cause you're so wrong."

"Mhmm."

He's standing right behind me, just a whisper of space between us. I swallow the bubble that rises in my throat and try to relax. His body moves to the side of me, and he places his hands on my stomach and waist. I move en pointe, knowing dance is the only way I'll be able to combat the uncertainty and anxiousness rising in my mind.

I focus on the dance instead of the feel of his hands against my body with only a thin piece of material separating his palms and my bare skin. I focus on the positioning of my legs and arms instead of the warmth of his breath across my ear and neck. And I focus on the next step instead of the subtle change of fear to something almost unrecognizable to me. Something that makes me want to run away and stay. Something that makes me want to push him away and pull him closer.

But I can't. I can feel the heat from his hands curving around me and the way his breath flutters across my skin. I can hear the heaviness of his breathing, and I know his heart is beating as fast as mine is. Mine isn't from the dance. It's never from the dance when he's around. It's always something more, something that tugs at me relentlessly. It tugs me toward him and keeps me in place.

It's something that scares me, but it thrills me at the same time. Spine-tingling, stomach-fluttering, lip-parting thrills.

We move through the steps of our entree with ease, and I feel him begin to slow as we come to the end of it.

"Just dance," I whisper, not ready to stop the freeing feeling flowing through me. I'm not ready for him to let go... Not yet. I want this feeling to last. "Just dance."

He does. He guides me through step after step, spin after turn, plie after lift. We cover every inch of the garage floor space, kicking up spots of dust from the spots I don't use.

Blake's hands leave me for a second, and my body breaks away from his. En pointe, I pirouette, again and again and again, never losing balance, never getting dizzy. I spin on the tips of my toes, dropping for a split second before I rise back up and spin again. I glance up as I spin, and Blake's stood watching me. His legs parted, one in front of the other, his arms out, and after one final spin, I take his cue.

I grand pas de chat toward him, my legs extended as I fly through the air as if I'm weightless. But I don't hit the floor. My hands fall on his shoulders, and his hands grip my waist to keep me suspended in the air above him. His hold on me is steady, not even a tremble in his arms.

I open my eyes. Our foreheads are almost touching, our gazes fixed on the other. My breathing is hard and fast, matching his breath for breath, but I'm not even sure if it's from the dance or from... now.

I don't know if the adrenaline rushing through my body is from the thrill of the jump or if the pounding of my heart is from the endless pirouettes. In this moment, with nothing between us except a sliver of air, I don't know what I'm feeling.

I want to believe the goosepimples on the back of my neck are from the ease of us dancing together. I want to believe the tightness in my chest is from being short of breath.

And I want to believe I want Blake to put me down and let me go. I want to believe it so, so badly. But I don't, at all. Because I can't believe something that isn't true.

Right now, with his eyes so intensely focused on me, I don't want him to let go at all.

Slowly, after I don't know how long, he lowers me. My toes touch the ground, and I come off pointe, falling into first position before completely relaxing. His hands fall from my waist, and mine from his shoulders. I take a deep breath and step back, dropping my eyes to the ground.

"You know, I don't think we're going to need the full time Bianca gave us," he says after a moment of silence. "Once we have the adagio perfect, that is."

"I think you could be right." I glance up at him. "Bianca really does know how pair her dancers off, huh?"

Something flares in his eyes. Something I don't understand. Something I both want to and don't want to understand.

Something I wish I hadn't seen.

"Yeah. Yeah, she does."

~

"What if I feel things I don't want to?"

"Do you mean your urges? The flashbacks?"

"No." I run my thumb across my bottom things. "Things that aren't really... bad. Not that kind of bad, anyway."

Dr. Hausen sits forward, peering at me over her glasses. "You'll have to elaborate, Abbi. I'm not following."

"What if... What if I was feeling things an eighteen year old girl should be feeling? About... a guy."

Her lips quirk up. "Is this a hypothetical question?"

I stop rubbing my lip, my eyes going to hers, answering her question silently.

"You're scared."

I nod.

"Why?"

"Because he hurt me," I say matter-of-factly, sinking my hands into my hair and winding it round my fingers. "I gave him every part of me I dared, and Pearce took it and he destroyed it. He tore it up into a million unfixable pieces and then he destroyed even those pieces!"

"But this guy..."

"Blake."

"Blake isn't like Pearce, correct?"

I think of his green eyes, his messy brown hair, and his silent confidence. The warmth of his hands, the surety of his step, and the connection we have as dancers.

"No. They're like the poles, completely opposite."

"So why are you afraid?"

"I thought I could help Pearce and I got it wrong. I was wrong about everything about him. What if I could be wrong this time? What if I embrace the possible feelings I'm starting to feel and I'm wrong? Pearce nearly killed me. If Maddie hadn't have turned up and called an ambulance when she did, I'm pretty sure I would be dead now. In fact, I know I would be. I've seen the files. I know that if I hadn't have passed out from the pain and I'd kept cutting I would have died faster. What if that happens again?"

"Do you want it to happen again? Do you want to go back to that day?"

"No," I say automatically, honestly, and drop my hands to my lap. "Not at all. That's why I'm so scared."

"Do you think Blake would hurt you?"

"I didn't think Pearce would hurt me."

Dr. Hausen tuts, leaning back in her chair and crossing her legs. "I didn't ask you that. Forget Pearce. You know he can't hurt you anymore. I asked you if you think Blake would hurt you."

"No. I don't think he would hurt me."

"In that case..."

I look at her, finally, and she's looking intently at me.

"Sometimes you have to take a risk. Anything you decide is going to go one of two ways; you'll either get it wrong and move on, or you'll get it right and live in that moment. Both of those outcomes will change your life. Both of them will alter the way you think, and both of them will affect decisions you make for the rest of your life, but that doesn't mean they should make your future decisions for you.

"Your past doesn't control your future, Abbi. In fact, your past doesn't have to dictate anything about your life if you don't want it to. Right now, you're letting your past make your decisions for you. You're letting it hold you back. You can't compare a tiger to a leopard - they might be the same species, but they look and act differently."

"So I shouldn't compare Blake to Pearce just because they're both males."

"Precisely. I'm not saying you should throw yourself head first into a relationship with Blake..."

"You're saying I should make the choice about how I feel and act, instead of letting my past do it for me."

"Correct."

"But what if I don't want to feel anything for him?"

"Then that's your choice. But think very carefully before you make a decision. After all, you never know when something beautiful might happen."

Chapter Twelve - Blake

I should have kissed her.

I should have lowered her to the ground sooner, brushed that stray lock of hair from her face, and bloody well kissed her.

But something stopped me. Something in her eyes - a wariness, a hesitance - it hit me full force in the gut and it made me stop.

There's more to her depression than she said. It doesn't take a genius to work it out - she's hiding in plain sight, keeping a part of her buried under the weight of her sadness.

Just like Tori.

But is she? Is she like Tori? No one believed her. I was the only one that ever listened to her, that ever believed there was truly something wrong with her. Mum brushed it off as teenage attention seeking, while Dad claimed it was merely her hormones and she'd get over it soon. Aren't sixteen year old girls extra dramatic, after all? According to my parents, yes, they are.

But not to me. I was the one who crept into her room at night when she cried and held her as tightly as my twelve year old body could. I was the one who came away with mascara-stained t-shirts and wet jumpers.

Even Kiera, a year younger than Tori, never believed her. She believed Mum, believed Tori just got the overdramatic gene. Allie, Laura and Jase were all too young to understand. Hell, they were too young to even notice. I'm pretty sure I would have been had I not have spent every spare second with her.

But I still never understood completely. I never truly got how deep her pain ran, how stinging each rejection from our parents was, how much every word from the bullies that tormented her cut her. Every word cut into her spirit deeper than the blades she took to her skin. They took more out of her than every drop of blood she spilled.

I don't get it even now. I don't understand why she never said anything - to me, to anyone. But I hate it; I hate that she suffered alone, silently, and that she died the same way. I hate the fact I was too late.

Every single f**king time.

I was always one step behind. Always one minute too late. And always one dream ahead.

I'm determined not to be that person with Abbi. I'm determined not to be one step behind her. I don't even want to be one step in front. I've known her for three weeks, short enough that I still remember the first time I saw her in the studio, but the only place I want to be stepping is right alongside her.

In time with her.

On the studio floor.

On the stage.

On her damn American sidewalk.

Dance steps or normal steps - I don't care. If she cries, I don't want to let go when she's done. If she tries to run, I want to chase her and catch her. And if she tries to let go, I want to make her hold on.

~

"I feel like all I ever do when I'm not in work is be with you," I tease, opening the door.

"That's because you keep calling me," Abbi replies, stepping into my apartment and looking around. "I was considering having a date with my pajamas and the movie, Ghost, tonight, but then you said you were cooking. I couldn't resist. It's Chinese night in my house tonight and I'm really not a Chinese food person."

"Really?" I shut the door. "How can you not like Chinese?"

She shrugs. "I just don't, so it was a no brainer. Greasy take-out food, or home cooked goodness. At least I hope it's good or I've just wasted my time coming here."

I smirk. "I'm a chef, so I'd like to think it's good."

"Really? And to think I can barely make toast."

"Good job it's me cooking. Can't have you choreographing on a stomach filled with burnt toast now, can we?"

"Hey." She points at me. "Okay, you have a point."

I laugh. "Take a seat... Well, anywhere. You can sit in the front room and shout at me, or in the kitchen and talk to me."

"Let's go for talking," she says, perching on a chair at the kitchen table.

I throw her a smile over my shoulder and grab a knife from the block on the counter. I set it on the side and put the chicken and potatoes in the oven dish.

"What are you making?"

"A summer chicken dish."

"It's not quite summer yet. It's a bit slow this year."

"Eh, it's close enough. Besides, it won't matter when you taste this."

"Cocky," Abbi accuses playfully.

"No, confident." I grin at the garlic I'm crushing. "My childhood nanny used to cook this, and I made her write it down when I was ten so I'd be able to make it one day. I was the really annoying kid that was always under her feet when she was in the kitchen, and she agreed on the terms I left her alone. She didn't say how long I had to leave her alone for, so I was back "helping" her the next day."

"You had a nanny? Wow."

"It's not that great. Honestly, I'd rather my Dad played football with us more than once a year."

"Where in London does your family live?"

"Chelsea." I put the dish in the oven, check the temperature, and lean against the counter. "My dad is a lawyer with the family firm, and my mum has her own shoe label. Both of them work stupid hours, so they had no choice but to hire a nanny. It means none of us ever wanted for anything except them."

"Really? You never saw them?" Abbi leans her elbows on the table and props her chin on her hands.

I shake my head. "Not really. Especially once Dad realized I had no intention of following in both his and Granddad's footsteps by becoming a lawyer. He was pretty pissed off when I decided to become a chef. His parents are old fashioned, and I think Granddad engrained into him that only women should be in a kitchen."

Abbi snorts in disbelief. "And then you moved here. To dance."

A sly smile graces my lips. "That went down about as well as an uncontrolled demolition. I started dancing when I was four, and both my parents put it down to me simply copying my eldest sister, so they left me to it. Needless to say, they weren't happy when I was still dancing at twelve while my eight year old brother was banging in the goals for a local kids football team."

"Foot - oh, soccer. Never mind." Abbi smiles. "Did they help you move here?"

Now it's my turn to snort. "No. They didn't help - at all. I walked straight into an apprenticeship when I left school and saved almost every penny since. I paid for it all myself. I've spoken to my mum once since I landed, my brother twice, and I haven't spoken to my father and sisters at all."

"Wow. I couldn't imagine not speaking to my parents for that long."

I shrug, turning to the chopping board and grabbing a courgette. "It's just how it is. My family isn't exactly tight-knit. In fact, the only reason I spoke to my mum was because she's coming here next week to close a deal to do with her shoes."

"Well, that's good. You'll spend some time together, right?"

"If one meal the night she arrives counts as spending time together. Apparently that's the only time she can "fit me in" - and even then she wasn't happy I wouldn't miss dance to see her."

Abbi's silent as I finish preparing the rest of the things for dinner, and I can feel her eyes on my back. I spin round to face her.

"I guess it's true what they say," she says softly. "Money really doesn't buy you happiness."

"I'm not gonna lie. It made me happy as a kid - I mean, who wouldn't want the coolest trainers and the newest toys? Then I grew up and those things stopped making me happy. They were just that - things. I realized while money could buy me everything I needed, it wouldn't get me anything I wanted because I just wanted real happiness. The things that give you real happiness are priceless."

Her eyes linger on mine for a long second.

"So..." I break the silence. "This won't be ready for a while. Do you want to start on the dance while I clear up?"

"I can help-"

"No, you're a guest. I'll do this."

"Okay. In the front room?"

"Comfy sofa or wooden chair. Your choice."

"Yeah... The sofa works great." She smiles and stands, heading towards the front room. She pauses by my bookcase and touches a finger to a frame there. "She's pretty. Who is it?"

"My sister, Tori."

"I thought you had five brothers and sisters? Why is there just a picture of her?" She sighs. "I'm sorry. That was kinda nosy, huh?"

I glance over at her and smile sadly. "There's a picture of me and the others on the windowsill, but I was closest to Tori."

"Was?" She goes silent for a long moment, and her lips part when she realizes what I mean. "Oh. You mean..."

"She died nine years ago." I put the chopping board down on the counter and look out of the kitchen window. Footsteps sound as Abbi crosses the kitchen floor, and her hand touches my lower back softly, her head resting against my arm.

"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have asked," she says quietly.

I shake my head. "You didn't know. I don't talk about her much. It's hard."

She nods. "I get that. Kinda. I remember when Maddie's mom was killed - she couldn't talk about it for months. Even I struggled for a few weeks. I know it's not the same, but yeah. For what it's worth, I think Tori would be proud of you."

I don't tell her how much her words mean to me. To tell her that would be to tell her everything about my family and my sister. And that day. I'd have to relive that day.

Instead, I nod, then turn my head and rest it atop of hers for a few seconds. She doesn't freeze or tense up at that simple touch like she has so many times before without realizing it. Her face turns into my arm and her arm rubs a slow circle on my back. Then she takes a deep breath and steps back from me, walking to and sitting on the sofa.

I want to turn around. I want to turn around, take her in my arms and breathe her in while I let the pain of remembering my sister leave me. But that would be too much for her. So even though it kills me a little to leave her there on the other side of the room, alone, I do. I go back to clearing away the dirty dishes, and I leave her to the choreographing.

~

"Tori, why are you bleeding?" I'd only walked into her room because Mum was getting annoyed that she wasn't ready for dinner. "Do you need a bandage?"

My sister tore some tissues out of the box on her bedside table and put them on the cut on her arm. "No, Blake. I don't - it was an accident." She pointed to the newspaper clippings all over her floor. "I'm doing my coursework for art and dropped the scissors. I sharpened the blades earlier, and they hit my arm."

"Oh. Does it hurt?" I tried to peer round at her arm, but she grabbed some more tissues and pulled her sleeve over it, keeping the tissues in place.

"No. No, it doesn't hurt. At all."

"Good. Mum wants you to come down for dinner."

"I'll just be a minute, okay?" She smiled.

"'Kay, Tori." I smiled back at her and turned around.

"Uh, Blake?"

"Yeah?" I glanced over my shoulder.

"Don't... Er, don't tell Mum about my arm, alright? You know how clumsy I am. She'll just worry and give me Laura's toddler scissors or something."

"I won't. Just like when you cut your leg at hockey last week, right?"

"Right," Tori replied in a sad voice, her green eyes wide as they found mine. "Just like last week."

Chapter Thirteen - Abbi

"I didn't know you could drive."

I glance over at Blake, amused. "You sound shocked."

"I am. A little." He looks out the window. "And I still have no bloody idea where you're taking me or why I agreed to come."

"Just... It'll be worth it. I promise."

"Let me guess - it's one of your favorite places."

I grin, changing gear. "How did you know?"

I see him turn his head out of the corner of my eye, and I can just make out his raised eyebrows and smirking mouth.

"Abbi," he says. "Everywhere you've shown me is your favorite place. The park, the promenade, Holly's... Now wherever the hell we're going is, too."

"So I have a lot of favorite places. Shoot me." I shrug a shoulder. "You'll love it here. I promise."

"You've been right about every other place so far, so I guess I should trust you. But did we really have to go after dance?"

"You work almost every night. This is a place you have to see at night. It adds to the magic."

"Can you tell me where we're going now?"

"You should like a child." I laugh. "Okay, okay. We're going to Coney Island."

"Helpful, Abbi. Really helpful." Blake groans. "Where and what is Coney Island?"

"Well, it's an island of sorts."

"You took your smart-arse pills today."

I giggle. "Say that again."

He frowns at me. "Say what?"

""Arse.""

I stop at some lights and look at him. He's smiling, his striking green eyes alight with silent laughter.

"Why?"

"Just say it."

"Arse."

I giggle again.

"Why is that so funny?"

I shrug as I pull away and turn the corner that leads to the parking lot. "It's just the way you say it. I think it's your accent - it's that proper British one. A Downton Abbey accent."

A heart-stopping, breath-taking, giggle-inducing British accent.

"I think I'm supposed to be flattered by that."

"Aren't you?"

"I'm undecided." He laughs, and we both climb from the car. The sea breeze crawls across the beach to where we're standing, and I zip my sweatshirt up even though it's June and summer is finally taking over from spring.

Where in Brooklyn I'm constantly surrounded by the past, Coney Island is one of the few places untainted by any memories of Pearce. Here, I'm totally free from everything to do with him. I can just be me - the me I want to be.

Maybe that's why I brought Blake here. Perhaps subconsciously, I wanted to take him to a place that has no association with Pearce to work out how I feel emotionally. Because I feel something physically.

I feel butterflies in my stomach when he looks at me, and shivers tickle their way across my skin when he touches me. Every time he laughs I have to fight the urge to laugh with him.

But my emotions are so confused. So frail. So volatile.

And I'm not sure if anyone can handle the rollercoaster that is my fight with depression.

"Where are you taking me?" Blake's voice pulls me from my rapidly darkening thoughts, and I focus on crossing the street to the amusement parks. I look in the direction of the Wonder Wheel standing tall.

"Really? You're telling me you can't see the giant damn wheel over there?" I ask him in disbelief.

"Of course I can bloody see it. That wheel is huge."

"Well then. We're going there."

"You brought me to a fair?"

"Of sorts. It's more of an amusement park, really. Plus, the beach is great for a relaxing walk. Sometimes I need a break even from dancing."

Blake nods slowly. "So you're telling me you wanted to walk on the beach and dragged me along for the ride?"

"Something like that." I grin up at him.

"How do you know I didn't have other plans?"

"Because you agreed to come." I pause as I put my hands in my sweater pockets. "And you don't know anyone else in Brooklyn."

We walk into Deno's Park and he nudges me with his elbow. "Shut up. Are we going on that wheel or what?"

~

"You could have warned me the damn thing wasn't stationary," Blake grumbles, shuddering.

I laugh. "It's a wheel. Why the hell would it be still?"

"I meant the carts, Abbi! Damn thing nearly threw me out!"

"Don't be such a wimp," I tease. "I'm a girl and I took it better than you did!"

"And I bet you've done it a thousand times. In England, those things have stationary carts. The way they should be."

I turn and walk backwards, smiling at him in the waning light. He runs his fingers through his already messy hair, ruffling it even more, and smiles lopsidedly at me.

"What?"

"If you keep moaning, I think I'll just run back to my car and leave you here."

He raises his eyebrows. "You think if you ran from me I couldn't catch you?"

I shrug carelessly, backing into the crowd. "Why don't you try it?"

His eyes flare, and my heart thumps as I tear my gaze from his and push my way through the people around me. A small giggle bubbles inside my chest, and I clamp my hand over my mouth to stop it escaping. I look over my shoulder but I can't see him anywhere, so I cheat, skipping out of the park and onto the boardwalk.

My feet hit the wood, my footsteps barely distinguishable from those around me. Children storm up and down the boardwalk, laughing and shouting as they chase each other, running circles around their parents. I sidestep to avoid two small boys screaming at each other as their father pretends to be a monster.

I'm momentarily distracted by the memory of Maddie's father doing the same thing to her and I as our pigtails flew wildly behind us. We nearly always went onto the beach to try and outrun him but it failed every time, ending with us both rolling around in the sand. But that was the fun part - all of us knew how it would end, and although her dad pretended to be mad, he always laughed just as hard as we did. And he still chased us the next time we came.

My lips curve upwards, warmth spreading through my body. For once a happy memory - one that defined a huge part of my childhood. One that will stay with me forever.

"I told you I'd catch you."

I jump and scream, pressing a hand to my chest. Blake's hands are hot on my arms even through the material of my sweater, and he laughs loudly as I let all the air whoosh from my lungs.

"You ass!" I breathe out, shoving his chest. "I can't believe you just did that."

"What? Scared you or caught you?" He grins, and his eyes hold a playful challenge.

"Both," I reply, putting my hands on my hips and staring up at him.

His grin widens, a hint of a small, sassy boy sneaking through. "You shouldn't try to run, Abbi."

"And why's that?"

He steps forward, his toes almost touching mine. I take in a deep breath, my eyes fixed to him as the contradictory sparks of serious and teasing flash through his green eyes and captivate me.

"You can't run from someone who really wants to catch you. That's why."

I close my eyes for a split second, and in that time, it seems like the evening sky gives way to the night one. I could swear it wasn't this dark five minutes ago, but maybe I'm wrong. Maybe I've been standing here with my eyes on Blake's for longer than I thought.

"Then the cotton candy inside the amusement park should be really, really scared right about now," I whisper.

His lips twitch on one side. "Maybe it's just not the cotton candy that should be worried."

My chest tightens, a mixture of fear and apprehension restricting my ability to breathe. Anticipation sneaks its way in, winding itself around the stronger feelings of fear and beating it down. I feel it taking over, tingling through my whole body, even down to my toes. My lips part of their own accord, making my shallow breaths feel scratchy as my mouth and throat go dry.

Blake's eyes flick to my lips, and I can see the indecision flitting across his features in the mar of his brow, the twitch of his mouth, the slight clench of his jaw.

Do it. Don't. Do it. Don't. Do it. Don't.

My feelings battle inside me, clashing over and over until I'm uncertain whether I want to end it and either grab him or run from him or stay here. Just stay here, his body closer to mine than I thought I'd ever allow and his eyes searing into me every place they look.

Slowly, he reaches a hand up and tucks my wayward hair behind my ear. "Let's go scare some cotton candy."

He steps back and turns toward the amusement park, walking in the direction of it before I can respond. I stare after him for a few beats as my body relaxes, a tinge of disappointment nudging at the back of my mind.

I welcome that nudge. I welcome it because it tells me what I wanted to know. It tells me there's something there for Blake that's more than physical, more than pure attraction. It tells me he's slowly chipping away at the walls I've so carefully constructed.

More than that, it reminds me of what it's like to feel something other than pain, guilt, and self-loathing.

I quickly slip my fingers beneath the wrist of my sweater and hold onto my pulse point for a second. My strong, racing pulse.

For the first time in over a year, I don't just feel alive.

I feel like I'm living.

I run after Blake, catching him as he's leaving the park again. He's holding cotton candy on a stick, and when he recognizes me, he holds it out to me.

"Where's yours?" I take the stick. "Thank you."

"I don't like candy floss that much."

"Candy floss."

"No. We are not going there again. Absolutely not." He shakes his head, and we walk straight across the boardwalk to the beach.

"Go on. Please. Just once." I look up at him through my eyelashes and pick some cotton candy off the stick, putting it in my mouth and letting it fizz on my tongue.

"Bloody hell," he mutters. "Fine. Candy floss. Happy?"

I smile sassily at him. "Very. I love the way you talk."

"Love it, or find it funny?"

"A bit of both, actually." I pick some more of the pink sugar off. "But in the best kind of way."

"Then you won't mind if I do this." He reaches over and takes a chunk of my cotton candy, shoving it in his mouth with a grin.

"Hey! I thought you didn't like it!"

"I said I didn't like it much. Not that I didn't like it at all." He leans over again and takes some more. I swat at his arm with my free hand as he laughs, and he bats back at me. Our arms tangle, and my hand ends up hooked around his elbow.

My fingers flex against his tightened bicep, and instead of pulling my hand away, I curve it round his arm. He steps closer to me, our arms brushing together, and I wait for the tensing of my back, the flood of fear. Whatever I'm expecting doesn't come. I feel nothing but comfort being so close to him.

I take the stick of my cotton candy in my other hand, the one wrapped around his arm, and glare up at Blake as he takes a third piece.

"For someone that doesn't like this stuff much, you're really pushing it."

"I have to have the taste for it. Apparently I have that taste tonight."

I roll my eyes but the smile on my lips gives me away. His own smile warms me, and when he takes yet another piece of it, I get ready to yell at him. Instead of taking it to his mouth, he puts it to mine. I stick out my tongue, and he puts the pink fluff on there. It melts straight away.

Blake turns his head out to sea as we walk slowly across the sand. The breeze flits through my hair, and I sigh silently. My arm tightens around his again, and he pulls our linked arms into his body more. I rest my head against his bicep, still picking at the cotton candy, and wonder what has really changed in the last three weeks.

I don't need to ask though. Not really.

Something so simple has changed. Something so trivial, yet so important to me. Something I never thought I'd do again. Something, three weeks ago, I would have laughed at.

Something called trust.

Because, a voice in the back of my mind whispers, I trust Blake.

Heart and soul.

~

I stare blankly at my ceiling. The whiteness of it is so clean. So clinical. And it does nothing but remind me of the starkness of my room in St. Morris's and the starkness I tried so hard to leave behind when I returned home.

My fingers twitch and my eyelids close and open rhythmically. They're the only parts of my body that are moving. The rest of me is deathly still, and I can feel myself remembering why I hate white so much.

White is a blank canvas. Anything can be drawn onto it and anything can be projected, meaning anything can be seen. Anything at all - like a shadow puppet, or a crazy piece of art.

Or a memory.

A memory can form and instead of it playing behind your eyes, you could watch it on the plain surface in front of you. Instead of it staying locked up inside where it should be, it could break free, a movie playing only for you.

My hands, linked together by my fingers and resting on my stomach, tense. My eyes burn and my head pounds as a memory pulls itself up from the depths of my mind. I'm sinking, falling deeper and deeper into the past, flattening under the suffocating weight of it.

And everything stops.

I can't feel my heart beating. I can't feel the rise and fall of my chest as I breathe frantically, gasping and choking as I take in too much air too quickly. I can't feel my legs despite my best efforts to move them, and my arms feel like lead weights against my body. I'm paralyzed, stuck in a day long past, facing a person I trusted and loved. Facing the person that betrayed me and abused me in the worst ways. Facing the person that drained the will to live from my body day by day.

It's like I'm straight back there. It's as real as the day it happened.

I'm shaking just as hard as I was then; I'm just as scared as I was. I'm still cowering under the cold blue-green eyes that pinned me in place, and I can still feel the throbbing of my ankle as I fell backwards. I can hear my voice as I pleaded with him to stop, to calm down, to just take a step back and breathe for a minute. I can hear my crying over his deathly calm voice, the one that was more threatening than any amount of yelling he could do.

And the worst, I can feel his skin against mine. I can feel the tightening of his fingers as he grabbed my wrists and pinned them against the bed, the heaviness of his body as he pushed me into the mattress, the soreness of his thumb digging into my jaw as he held my face level with his.

I can hear his raspy whisper as he quietly threatened me, and smell the lingering essence of beer and vodka on his breath as it swept across my face.

I can hear, see, feel.

Everything.

All of it.

Just as clearly as when it really happened. It's there, playing in front of me, around me, on me.

Real.

I know it's not. A tiny part of my mind is screaming at me that it's not real, it's not really happening, it's all in my head, but my logic can't override my fear. I can't break free from the hold this Pearce has over me.

I can't rid myself of the pain or the feeling of dirt across my skin. I can't stop the sobs that are wracking my body or the floods of tears I know are falling from my eyes. And the shouts. I can't stop the shouts, because I want it to stop. More than anything. I just want it to stop. I need it to stop. I can't make it stop, though, because I'm not in control.

I can do nothing but ride it out. I can do nothing but lie here, watching the memory play out in my mind and on my ceiling. I can't fight it, I can't focus on anything other than this. It's the last memory I have of him. The worst one. The one that crushed whatever spirit I had left. It's the one that tipped me over the edge.

And it stops.

He's gone. The touch of his hands, the smell of alcohol, the blackness as I held my eyes tightly shut, it's all gone.

And in its place is the warm embrace of my mom, rocking me gently and whispering in my ear with a shaky, tear-filled voice that everything will be okay.

Chapter Fourteen - Blake

If emotions were visible, Abbi's would look the way the sky does when there's a huge storm brewing. They'd look like the clouds do at the point of indecision, when they're not quite sure whether or not they want to let loose and pelt you with everything they have. Her frustration each time she f**ks up a step is like a bolt of lightning; fast, startling, and deadly. Her determination is the thunder, rolling overhead, peaking and dropping every so often.

And the storm is visible in her eyes. In her eyes, I can see the heavy clouds, full of rain, the way I imagine her eyes are full of held-back tears. The shadows there are darker than usual, and they just keep darkening, taking her over.

She pirouettes out of time and stops at the barre, smacking it with her hands. She grips it tightly, bending forward and hanging her head so her chin touches her chest. She looks so helpless standing there, her back heaving with the deep breaths she's taking to calm herself.

I recognize it. I recognize it all.

This is her having a bad day, one of the days when the depression claws at her and doesn't let up. When it won't let her breathe or even think for herself.

I watched Tori act the same - the uneven steps, the uneasy leaps and turns, the overwhelming anger at something you should be able to but can't control. And then I held her while she cried it all out.

I won't watch Abbi cry it out. I can't watch her do that.

I cross the empty studio floor, the rest of the class long gone, and stop just behind her. Her knuckles are white from her strong grip on the barre, and I uncurl her fingers from it. She flinches like my touch is burning her, and I take a deep breath in, reminding myself she's not really here. Whatever is driving her right now, it's not completely her.

Depression is a crazy thing. It can take the most headstrong, rational person and turn them into a quivering, blubbering mess of heartbreak over seemingly nothing at all.

Abbi's head is still hanging and her eyes are focused on the floor. I pull her into the center of the room silently, the only sounds the swishing of our shoes against the floor. I stand to her side, wrap an arm around her back, and cup her chin with my other hand. I raise it up slowly so her eyes are facing the corner of the room, and take my hand away to rest it on her stomach.

Seconds pass until she moves en pointe shakily, and I give her a minute to gain her balance before I walk around her. My eyes never leave her, flickering up and down her profile, from the furrow in her brow to the downturn of her lips. I guide her round, feeling the movement of her stomach as she breathes in and out again.

She stops, drops from pointe, and shoves my arms away from her. She tears her bun out and lets her hair fall loose as she storms across the room. Her hands fall back on the barre and she steps back so she's leaning right forward.

"Abbi-"

She shakes her head. Her silence is worse than any word she could say or any sound she could make. Abbi turns to face me, her hair falling naturally around her face and her eyes filling with the tears I know she's been holding in. Her lips quiver as she swallows, and I've never seen anyone look quite as vulnerable as she does right now.

"I can't do it," she says so quietly I can barely hear it. "It's not working. I can't dance today. I'm just one big mess."

I look her dead on, my stomach twisting at the absolute pain in her eyes. She's no mess. Her emotions might be, but she isn't. "Then you're one hell of a beautiful mess."

She shakes her head again. It's like the few sentences she just said are all she can manage. She looks like every ounce of fight is draining slowly from her body. Today, she looks an awful lot like giving up.

Her hands rub her face, her thumbs swiping under eyes. I want to say something - anything - but I can't find the words. Hell, I don't even think I have the bloody words. She drops to sit on her ankles, resting her forehead against her knees, and links her fingers. Her arms stretch out in front of her making her sleeves rise up, exposing her bare skin.

My heart stops.

If we'd been anywhere else I wouldn't have noticed. If it had been any other day, I wouldn't have even looked.

The harsh studio lights bear down on her, highlighting the thin white lines that crisscross on her wrists. The lines that speak louder than words, cry harsher than any sob and hold more pain than any other injury.

But I can't look away. I can't tear my gaze from them, even as I'm transported back to my sister's room.

I see the very same lines on Tori's arms, some white, some pink, some still red. The bumps, the bruises, the accidental cuts - the second I saw her arms it all made sense to me. But it was still too late. I was still too late.

I shake the memory away. Abbi's looking at me, her eyes wide. She realizes my gaze is falling to her wrists and stands quicker than I've ever seen her move, yanking her sleeves over her hands. Her feet pound against the floor as she runs towards her bag.

No. Not this time.

I race to her and stop in front of her. She crashes into me, and I grab her shoulders to stop her from going anywhere. Tears spill from her eyes and she fights me, turning her shoulders and wriggling as she tries to get away from me. Her head shakes, and mine does too, both of us stuck in limbo until one of us gives in.

But I won't give in.

I won't let her go.

It's not a want anymore. It's not an interest, a concern for her. It's a need. I need to know what would cause her to do that to herself.

I need to know what it is that's so bad it would make her take something to her beautiful skin and break it that way.

"Let me go," she begs. "Please, Blake."

I shake my head. "No. Not until you talk to me."

She tries harder to throw me off her. "There's nothing to talk about!"

"That's bullshit, and you know it."

"It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter anymore. None of them matter a single damn bit!"

"It matters to me."

She stops moving. Her eyes crash into mine as she snaps her head up, and her lips purse. "Well it shouldn't. It doesn't matter to me anymore."

"Then why are you hiding them?"

"Because I hate them!" She finally knocks my hands off and turns, walking a few paces before stopping. "I hate them and everything they are. Everything they mean. Everything they remind me of. I hate them."

Her voice is thick with tears both falling and unshed and her shoulders rise and fall with each heavy breath she takes. Standing in the middle of this huge studio, she looks tiny. And with her shoulders falling forward, her head hanging and her arms tucked around her, she looks completely and utterly broken.

She looks exactly how my heart feels.

Silence lingers between us. No words are spoken, and I'm waiting for her to say something. Anything. Even if she just tells me to piss off, that'll do, even if it's not what I want.

"They remind me of how things were," she whispers, her voice barely there yet seeming to echo off the walls. "They're everything my life was. Everything I don't want it to be again. They're hideous. They're the ugliest thing I've ever seen, and I can't believe I ever thought what caused them was beautiful. They taint my skin in the worst way, and I'm ashamed of them. If I knew I'd be stuck with them for the rest of my life I would never have done it or I would have cut even deeper." Her voice trails off at the end.

My stomach rolls. "Don't say that. Ever."

"It's true."

I walk to her, coming up behind her again. I press my chest against her shuddering back, pull her into me, and rest my cheek against the side of her head. My hands take her arm and I ease the material of her leotard up to her elbows. She breathes in sharply and squeezes her eyes shut when I touch the pad of my thumb to her wrist.

The scars stretch up the inside of her arm, crossing each other and disappearing under her sleeve. I can barely believe what I'm looking at - each one of them is perfectly healed, some of them barely visible to my eyes. I know we see different things when we look at her arms.

"How many?" I whisper, my voice thick. "How many are there?"

"I don't know. Hundreds, maybe. Everywhere. They're everywhere."

And I wonder how I missed it. Her body is always covered. Where the other girls wear no tights and short sleeved leotards, Abbi is always wrapped under opaque tights or leggings and long sleeves. Even out of class, she's always hidden.

I brush my thumb up her arm, running it over the light bumps. "Why? Why did you do it?"

"Because it made the pain stop," she breathes, raising her other arm and brushing her thumb along her skin after mine. "No matter how much it hurt, it always made it stop."

"I don't understand."

She laughs sadly, tears still streaming down her cheeks. "You don't have to understand. It's better if you don't." She curls her fingers around her sleeve and pulls it down, covering her arm back up. My hands drop from her arm and she steps away.

"What if I want to understand?"

Tired eyes look back at me. "Then you're stuck wanting, because I'll never tell. Not you."

I frown. "Why?"

"Because..." she says in the softest tone I've ever heard her use. "You're much too perfect to be tarred by the mess that is my imperfect life. You're much too perfect to know anything about the things that haunt me. I would never forgive myself if I destroyed you the way I'm so destroyed."

"You're not destroyed, and I'm far from perfect." I take her chin in my hand, making her look at me, and rub my thumb across her cheek. It wipes away a tear only for another to replace it. And another. And another. "I'm nowhere near close to perfect, and even if I was, it wouldn't make me want to know everything about you any less than I do right now. It wouldn't stop me wanting to look into your eyes and put that spark I'm pretty fond of back in there. You might think you're imperfect, and you might be right, but there's nothing more perfect than imperfection. If I cared about true perfection I'd be stuck chasing something that doesn't exist for the next forever."

Abbi shakes, her eyes closing.

"Everything you see as a flaw - your scars, your demons, your darkness - that's what makes you so damn beautiful. The only flaw is that you can't see it. But I can. I see it every single time I look at you, and I won't stop bugging the crap out of you until you can look in the mirror and see it for yourself."

She half-laugh, half-sobs, and her legs buckle. I catch her with my other arm and pull her to me. My hand on her chin slides to the back of her head as we sink to the floor. Her hands grip the sides of my leotard, her face pressed into my chest, and I hold her shaking body against mine tighter than I've ever held anyone or anything before.

~

I twirl the empty beer bottle between my hands repeatedly. Tori's face stares back at me from the bookcase, her green eyes illuminated by the sunshine in the background and her brown waves framing her cheeks. Her smile is wide and it's a genuine one. A rare occurrence, something that could come and go faster than a shooting star. Sometimes I was afraid I would miss it if I blinked too slowly.

Now I have a permanent smile. A constant reminder of the girl that was buried deep inside, fighting a battle only she truly knew.

The only problem with that picture is it feels almost empty. It's been almost ten years since she died, and every day that picture has lost a little of its light. The warmth has slowly left it, more so since I left London and arrived here in Brooklyn.

As much as I love Tori, a part of me resents her. A part of me hates her for leaving me to do this alone - what we should have been doing together. A part of me can't forgive her for the choices she made, and I don't know if I'll ever be able to. It still hurts as much as it did the day she died. I don't think it'll ever hurt any less.

My phone rings from the kitchen side, but I make no move to answer it. And it rings. And it rings. And it rings. Then stops, before starting up again. I leave it to go to voicemail for a second time, still teasing the neck of my bottle, and clench my teeth when it rings for a third time. Only one person would call me this persistently.

My mother.

I lope across the kitchen and snatch up the simultaneously ringing and vibrating device. "Mum."

"Whatever took you so long?"

"Hello to you too," I reply sarcastically, leaving the bottle by the sink.

"Attitude, Blake," she chastises me. "I was only calling to arrange our dinner on Thursday."

"And it couldn't wait until tomorrow? It's midnight."

"Not here it isn't." She sniffs. "Besides, you are awake."

"Fine."

"Have you found anywhere for us to eat? Not that place you work at. You know I'm particular about my seafood."

And the rest of your life.

"Actually, I thought I'd cook," I reply.

"I thought you had dance class."

"I do. But that doesn't mean I can't still cook, Mum."

"It would be much easier if we just went out somewhere."

I grit my teeth. "I have another guest. Someone I want you to meet." If she agrees.

"Oh?" Her voice goes up an octave, and I can tell I've finally got her attention. "A girl?"

"Yes."

Mum is silent as she thinks it over just like she thinks over every single detail of her life. Have dinner in a fancy restaurant or let your son cook and meet someone important to him - it shouldn't be a hard choice. She should go for the second option without even needing to think it over, but I don't expect her to. I expect her to push for the restaurant.

"Okay," she agrees, albeit reluctantly. "Call me when you finish your class and you're home. I'll come when you're ready. I suppose one night of your cooking won't kill me."

"Gee, thanks, Mum."

"You're welcome. Now go to bed. I'll see you on Thursday. Goodbye, Blake." She hangs up before I can respond. I scowl at the phone and slam it on the side, wondering if I've just made a very, very bad decision.

Chapter Fifteen - Abbi

Dr. Hausen looks at me expectantly, her eyes soft behind her glasses. As usual, her hair is pinned back from her face, but instead of her usual suit, today she's wearing jeans and a sweater. Her clipboard is nowhere in sight, her hands clutching a steaming mug of coffee.

At least there's no damn clicky pen.

Today isn't our usual meet. Today she's supposed to spend the day running group workshops with the guys here at St. Morris' instead of her one on one appointments, but she's here with me instead. She's taken an hour of her time away from them to sort out the mess flying around my head.

"So, tell me more," she finally says. "You weren't exactly descriptive in your phone call."

I take a deep breath in and push my sleeves up. I lay my hands palm up on my legs, exposing the scars for her to see. It's unnecessary; she knows exactly what they are and what they look like, but the words are caught in my throat. The only way I can tell her is by showing her.

"Tell me," she repeats. "You don't have to hide here, Abbi, you know that. This is a safe place for you. Dig deep inside and find the words to tell me."

"Blake..." I swallow. "He saw them."

"How?"

The words that were stuck just seconds ago come flowing out. I tell her about the flashback, how real the memory of the night Pearce almost raped me was, and I tell her how it made me feel. I describe to her how I know I should have stayed in bed, but instead went to class and messed almost everything up. And then I say how nothing makes sense to me anymore, because Blake shouldn't have reacted the way he did.

"How should he have reacted? In your mind," Dr. Hausen prompts. "What's the "right" way for him to react to your scars?"

"He should have grabbed his stuff and got away from me. He should have been horrified by them the way I am, and he shouldn't even think about coming near me again."

"What did he do?"

I look at the floor, my eyes tracing the boxed pattern on the rug beneath us. "He held me. He held me and wouldn't let me go. Even when I pushed him away, he held me again and again and he didn't let go of me. He let me cry into his chest, and he didn't promise it would be okay. He didn't make me promises no one can keep."

"What did he say?"

"He just promised he would be there. That's it. I cried harder than I have in so long, and he just promised he'd be there until it didn't hurt anymore, but that's impossible. He can't be there until it stops because it'll never stop hurting."

"How do you know that?"

"I just do. I know he won't be there all the time, but a part of me wants to believe it." I look at her. "Is that silly? That after the last few weeks of not wanting to believe him, I suddenly do. It sounds silly to me."

"You said last time you trust him to an extent. Have you thought that maybe your switch in feelings is you starting to trust in yourself and your ability to make decisions? After all, if you trust him, there's no reason not to believe what he says, and if you believe it, there's no reason not to want to."

I chew on my bottom lip for a second, peeling a bit of skin off with my teeth. "I guess that makes sense."

"Tell me how you felt when Blake saw your scars. That moment you realized it wasn't your secret anymore."

Fear.

Nothing but pure fear.

It was the fear of explaining. Of him knowing everything, really everything, and learning that my depression runs deeper than the scars themselves. It was the fear of him learning everything Pearce did to me, how he abused and defiled me, and walking away. I was scared he'd walk right out of the studio and I'd lose the only person I trust other than Maddie. And then there was - and still is - the fear for me.

That's the strongest fear I have where Blake Smith is concerned. The fear that he might just break my heart if he walked away.

"That's why he can't know," I explain. "It's selfish and immature, but every time I see him I feel like I'm losing a little part of myself into him. It's like he has a hold on my heart and each time we dance, laugh, play, he tugs it a little closer to the palm of his heart. Nothing scares me more than the thought he might just take it with him."

"He didn't run at the sight of your scars. They're the physical embodiment of your depression, the way your feelings manifested themselves, and he didn't go. What makes you think he'd leave you behind if he knew about what you've suffered?"

My eyes go to the window, and loud laughter creeps in through the open window. They're all down in the yard waiting for Dr. Hausen to finish here with me, and for a moment, I want to go and join them. I want to lock myself away from the world and settle into the routine that structured my life for a year. Here where it's safe and there's no reason for me to feel anything for anyone.

"Abbi?"

"Pearce tried his damned hardest to go the whole way. If it wasn't for Jake walking in as he was about to rip off my pants, he would have. But that doesn't mean I feel any less dirty or any less ashamed. I still feel dirty from it and what happened afterward. I feel damaged by it, almost. If Blake knew what he'd almost done..." I trail off and shake my head.

"If Blake knew..."

"You know what? It doesn't matter. Blake won't find out. No one will."

Dr. Hausen puts her mug of coffee on the table next to her and leans forward, sliding her glasses from her face. "You can't always keep things a secret, no matter how buried you think they are."

"But I can try. I can always try."

~

The rain is comforting. It beats steadily against my window, breaking the silence that's resting heavily in my room. The droplets run down the glass, racing each other to the bottom. The calming effect it has on me is more important than ever today.

The last few days have been a never-ending chain of emotion. The flashbacks have been so strong I've found myself checking the mirror to see if there's a bruise somewhere on my body or if it's in my head. I can feel myself falling into the darkness again, spiraling downward without any control.

But I know we all have a darkness inside us.

For some people it's obvious, a heavy cloud hanging over them wherever they go. For others, like me, it's a silent whisper, like a gentle spring breeze. It's always there, swirling around me and sinking into my skin as I try desperately to fight the pull. There are many ways to describe depression, and I've heard them all. I've thought them all at some point.

A demon. A black hole. An empty abyss. A clawing hold.

They're all right yet they're all so wrong. Everyone has their own experiences of it, their own way of fighting, their own way of coping. I've finally worked out what depression is to me, and I know in my heart that's the only reason I haven't desperately searched the house for something with a sharp edge.

For me, depression is the ever-present sinking feeling weighing my heart down. It's the constant downturn of my lips and the dullness of my eyes. It's the heavy sigh I breathe when I realize there's yet another day to get through. And it's the tiny breath of air in my ear that reminds me it's so easy to end it all.

But for every inch of darkness inside, there's a centimeter of light.

It's the light that keeps me going. It's the promise of tomorrow in the setting sun and the certainty of next week on the calendar. It's the lifelong dream of the little girl inside that refuses to give up. It's the "what if" that counters every dark thought.

The light is the single star surrounded by a sea of darkness. It's the spot you're drawn to, each and every time. The spot you can't let go.

There are so many spots of light in my life - my parents, ballet, Maddie... Blake. The problem is I only have two hands, meaning every time I hold onto one of them, another floats away until I grab it back again. A vicious circle that will just keep turning.

But I know this. Which means I can fight it. I can push against the pull, smile through the tears and shine a light in the dark. And, one day, I can fight it and I can win. One day I'll control the depression, not the other way around, and I hold onto that thought each and every day.

I glance to the clock and realize I have to leave to meet Blake. I'd love nothing more than to stay here in bed, in the silence of my house, and avoid him. Since I have to see him for dance, avoidance isn't an option, so I have to pull on some big girl panties and face him.

The sky has cleared when I get downstairs so I leave my coat behind. I splash through the puddles like a child as I head towards Starbucks. My feet are twitching with the need to dance - but not alone. Despite what's happening in my head, my heart and my body are crying out for the closeness and security dancing with Blake brings me.

"If I didn't know better, I'd say you were about to walk right past me."

I turn in the direction of his voice and smile. "Good job you know better, isn't it?"

His lips curve upwards, and I cross the street. He's leaning against the wall opposite me, his hands in the pockets of his jeans and his eyes intent on me from beneath his hair.

"You could really do with a haircut," I say, noticing the way it's curling over his ears.

"Hi, Abbi. I'm great, thanks, hope you are too. Oh, no, I haven't done much today. Just work. What's that? Oh, same old, same old. Joe shouting, Matt moaning and crazy people ordering more seafood than is healthy. And yes, you are correct, I do need a haircut."

"You know, I can see you really annoying me doing that."

He pushes off the wall, grinning. "So my shining manners haven't annoyed you yet?"

"Yet." I laugh. "There's still plenty of time."

"Then I should probably tell you you're having dinner at mine on Thursday before you are annoyed at me."

I look at him. "I am, am I?"

"I think I was supposed to ask instead of tell you."

"I think that's usually how it goes, yeah."

"Well, see." He shifts uncomfortably, looking more like a sheepish teen than a grown man. "Mum is here this weekend, and I'd rather cook my own foot than go for a meal in New York with her."

"And where do I come into this?"

He shifts again, and I stifle my smile.

"I kinda, sorta, maybe told her I'd cook because I wanted her to meet you," he mumbles.

I raise an eyebrow when he stops outside Prospect Park. "Why did you do that?"

"Because I was hoping it wouldn't mean I'd have to put on a damn shirt and remember my posh-boy manners in some bloody overpriced restaurant."

"And it worked." I purse my lips. "By the way, I'm impressed you knew how to get here from Starbucks."

"Yeah, I used Google maps, but whatever."

I laugh. "So you need me to come and have dinner at your place and meet your mom on Thursday after dance."

"My mum."

"Huh?" I glance over my shoulder at him as I pass the many memorials guarding the opening of the park.

"My mum," he repeats, his lips tugging into an amused smile. "Not my "mom.""

"Seriously? There's a one letter difference. Same thing. Freakin' British."

"Bloody Americans." He laughs, making me smile. "But yeah. Basically. Please?"

"What do I get out of this?" I tease.

"You get to... Er... Well, I'd say meet my mum, but that's not always pleasant. She's kind of... Particular about people. She's also probably a little pissed she spent three years trying to marry me off to various daughters of her friends' and I'm still single."

"You're making this sound so appealing I can barely contain my excitement."

"I'm not convincing you, am I?" He sighs. "I guess I'll have to learn how to iron a damn shirt and shine my shoes. And to think, I was going to make lasagna."

I pause, turning to look at him. His eyes are wide, his shoulders are up by his ears like he's paused mid-shrug, and his lips are turned downwards. If he thinks he's fooling me, he obviously thinks I'm stupid, because I can see the glint of laughter in his eyes.

"Oh, alright." I sigh the words out heavily, playing along. "I'll come over. Can't have you ironing now, can we?" I roll my eyes.

Blake grins, and we start walking again. "Ironing is the cruelest kind of torture."

"You're so male it's unreal."

"And to think it was only a couple of weeks ago you were checking if I was all male."

Ass. "I'm still debating it, actually. I think it's the eyelashes - you have girly eyelashes. They make you pretty."

"Pretty? Flippin' pretty?" He shakes his head. "You could seriously damage that manhood calling me pretty."

I smile. "But you are pretty. Like a little poodle puppy with a bow on its head."

"You did not just compare me to a poodle, Abbi."

I cover my mouth with one of my hands and nibble on my thumbnail. "It's fair," I argue. "You just sprung a Meet The Parents on me."

"Yeah." He scratches behind his neck. "You know, you don't have to. I suppose I could survive the posh-boy torture for one night."

"No. I said I would, so I will."

"It was the pout mixed with puppy dog eyes, wasn't it? That's why you agreed." he says. "I knew that would work."

"Pfft. You do good puppy dog eyes, pretty little poodle, but no. I just really love lasagna." I shrug, and he nudges me with his elbow. I shove him back, fighting my laughter, and he reaches for me. His arm curls around my shoulders, pulling me close to him, and I wrap my arms around my stomach. His thumb rubs across the material of my sweater on the top of my arm, relaxing me.

I remind myself I'm in a place safe from the past. That I'm in a place where only the present is important. The past and even the future are irrelevant. Only the here and now matters, and the here and now is a touch so casual and comforting that means so much. And there isn't a part of me that wants to pull away from Blake.

We walk in silence for a while, only birdsong and the rushing of the ravine breaking the peace, until we come to one of the rustic shelters that stand on the edge of the lake. The wooden buildings gaze out over the water, and I can clearly see Duck Island from here even though night is starting to fall.

"We always seem to be somewhere when it's getting dark," I comment absently, stepping from Blake's hold and walking to the edge of the shelter. I look over the water, a few lone ducks still swimming along.

I see him shrug as he steps up beside me. He rests his elbows on the ledge and leans forward, his bicep brushing my arm.

"Hiding in plain sight," he says simply.

I blink harshly, suddenly glad for the darkening of the sky. Something I said so casually, like it meant nothing, and he's remembered it. He's remembered it and somehow he's applied it to everything we've done so far. He's letting me hide right where he can see me.

He seems to understand so much about me - about how I feel, how to deal with the crazy breakdowns that can happen any second. He doesn't blink at them and nothing seems to faze him. It's unnerving and reassuring at the same time.

"It's my favorite time of day," I admit, twiddling my fingers. "Right now, when day is giving way to night. It's the point I can drop the fake smile and stop pretending like everything is perfect. There are so many shadows and dark places I can barely recognize my own amongst them, and it's a relief."

"You can't pretend all the time." He turns his face towards mine, and his eyes are so serious I have to fight not to look back at him. "Anyone who smiles the way you do can't have a fake one all the time. Either that, or you're an even better actress than you are a dancer and I don't see how that's possible."

"Maybe not all the time," I say slowly and quietly. "I don't always need to pretend. Sometimes it really is okay."

"Like when you dance."

I tilt my head towards him, my eyes meeting his through my hair, and I whisper, "Like when I'm with you."

Rain begins to fall again, splashing into the lake and bouncing off the roof of the shelter. Blake smiles softly and reaches his hand out, pushing my hair from my face. He tucks it behind my ear and his thumb brushes my cheek.

"Then I feel obligated to make sure you don't have to pretend everything is okay tonight. I feel like it should really be okay." He straightens and walks backwards. "Come and dance."

"What?"

He steps out into the rain, his eyes on me, and holds his arms out to his sides. The rain is steadily getting heavier, soaking him. His t-shirt clings to his body, showing every inch of muscle on his body, and I can't help but look. My eyes can't help but trace the light indents separating each pack of muscle on his stomach and they can't help but comb over his chest and broad shoulders.

I know how solid those packs of muscle are. I've cried into them. I've clung to those shoulders. I've been held by those arms. Each time he's been there, never expecting anything more than what I've given him. And I haven't exactly given him much.

Guys like him shouldn't exist in real life. I wasn't lying when I told him he's too perfect for me to destroy. He is. His looks, his dancing, the way he's always there... I never expected to meet anyone after Pearce and I definitely didn't expect to meet anyone like Blake.

Someone pinch me. I have to be dreaming.

"Come dance," he repeats, spinning suddenly.

"You're insane." I shake my head. "I'll get soaked."

Blake grins. "Isn't that the point of dancing in the rain?"

"It's getting crazy out there. I'm getting wet even standing here because of the damn windows!" I move into the center of the shelter. "Freakin' hell."

"So what's the problem? Come on." He holds a hand out, his long fingers begging me to grasp them. I look from his hand to his eyes, his twitching lips, his wet hair dripping down his face.

"I... No."

"Trust me." He's not asking me. "Trust me, Abbi. Just two minutes. That's all you have to do. Just take my hand and dance in the rain with me for two short minutes."

"Why are you so determined to get me out there? If you want to dance, we can do that here."

He steps back under the shelter and takes my hovering hand. He's wet from already dancing in the rain but heat radiates off him and wraps around me. Our faces are inches apart as I look up at him and him down at me.

"Because I see the way you lose yourself when you dance and I want you to lose yourself like that with me. I want you get lost in me. It's selfish but I don't care."

I breathe in sharply and try to ignore the way his grip on my hand tightens. "I don't... I don't know if I can let myself," I whisper.

"Sure you can. You just admitted you don't have to pretend with me. And you don't." Blake takes my other hand and slowly pulls me forward. "All you have to do is close your eyes. I promise you, you won't get lost alone."

"Close my eyes?"

"Yep."

I take a deep breath in, hardly believing a walk in the park has turned into something so insane. So scarily thrilling.

I close my eyes.

"Now what?"

"Now, you feel," he answers, pulling me forward. The first drops of rain hit my head and face, cold against my skin.

"Feel what?"

"Everything." More rain. "Feel the rain on your skin. Feel the touch of my skin against yours. Feel the wet ground slipping and sliding beneath your feet. And dance with me like your life depends on it."

The rain is cold as it beats down against us from all directions. My hair is already sticking to my face, and I can feel my clothes clinging to every part of my body.

One of Blake's hands leaves mine and settles on my waist, pulling our bodies closer. I rest my hand on his shoulder, and he spins us round. He spins us and spins us and spins us until I no longer know which way is up. Until our bodies are held together by bunches of wet material, and I'm sure mud is halfway up my jeans from all our stepping and splashing in the small puddles forming around us.

His hands are hot against me. His whole body is a raging inferno, contrasting the iciness of the rain against my back. He spins us again, completely in control, and a small laugh leaves me as the ridiculousness of what we're doing sinks in. My head tilts back, and I laugh again, feeling the drops hit my face. I imagine how we must look to someone walking past; dancing on the muddy grass in the pouring rain, laughing like we don't have a care in the world.

But we do. We both have cares, we both have secrets we keep from the other. Dance is our freedom to lose ourselves.

I open my eyes for the first time since he told me to close them as I raise my head back up. His green ones stare back at me, unguarded and raw. In them I see a myriad of emotion; uncertainty, pain, happiness, and shadows that are close to mirroring my own. Shadows I've never noticed before, never had any idea about.

We stop moving, and I swallow. He raises our clasped hands to the side of my head and scrapes my wet hair from my face.

"Trust me," he says softly, his words barely audible over the steady beat of nature's music.

My eyes close at the soft sweep of his lips over mine. My back goes rigid, but as his fingers stroke across it and our mouths meet for a second time, it relaxes. I relax into him completely, losing myself the way he wants me to.

I'm losing myself in a way I never thought I would again.

I'm losing myself in the steadiness of his hand on my back, his chest pressing against me, his lips caressing mine.

I'm losing myself in him.

Blake's face hovers in front of mine as he draws back, and neither of us speak for a second.

"What was that?" I whisper, breaking the silence, too afraid to talk louder in case it breaks this moment.

Because this is the defining moment. It's the one that's been building between us - the one that would make me or break me. The one in which the lines between friends and more blur, warping into something that can and will change everything.

He laughs lowly and lets my hand go. His fingers run through my hair as he stares into my eyes. "That was me keeping my promise. I got lost right along with you."

I let my hands slide across his shoulders and clasp behind his neck. "Do you get lost often?"

"Only when I'm with you," he whispers.

I feel light, lighter than I have in a long time. Like I can truly breathe and I'm not being suffocated by the weight of my feelings. I have to grab this moment while I can, because I know if this is the only moment I have ever when I feel this way, if tomorrow I go back to being drowned by the darkness, I'll regret it if I don't. If I don't take a risk right now I'll forever hate myself for it.

So I raise myself onto my tiptoes and press my lips to Blake's. My body flattens against his, and he tightens his grip on me, kissing me softly and slowly.

A fire sparks in my stomach, the flames flickering and growing with every pound of my heart against my chest. A fire I don't think anything or anyone could put out.

And I let the flames flicker, I let my heart pound, and I let the rain fall down onto me. I let the world pass me by, and I lose myself wholly in Blake.

Chapter Sixteen - Blake

Abbi perches on the edge of my sofa, fidgeting with my TV remote. She's staring blankly at the screen but not really watching it. I dry my hands off on a tea towel and join her on the sofa, putting my arm along the back of the cushions.

"Don't be scared," I tease her. "I promise Mum won't eat you."

She punches my knee gently, leaning back and resting her head against my arm. "I'm not scared."

"Liar." I twist a lock of her hair around my finger.

"Maybe a little," she gives in. "I just... I don't know."

"I didn't exactly paint a great picture of her before. We don't have the greatest relationship, I admit, but she's not all bad." There's a knock at the door, causing me to take a deep breath. "And she's here."

Abbi swallows and sits up straighter, tucking her hair behind her ear. I pause for a second before getting up to answer the door. I open it to the woman I grew up with.

Her blonde hair is perfectly coiffed, not a grey hair in sight, and her eyes are as vivid as ever, framed delicately by mascara. Powder creases in the light wrinkles covering her face, and the smile on her face could almost - almost - be described as genuine.

"Blake!" Mum holds her arms out and wraps them around me a little stiffly.

"Mum." I try to inject some excitement into my voice but it falls flat. Luckily, she doesn't notice.

"You look well." She steps into the apartment, and her eyes flick around the front room, lingering for a second on Abbi.

"So do you. Mum..." I turn, and Abbi is standing in front of the sofa, her hands clasped in front of her. "This is Abbi. Abbi, this is my mum, Cara."

Mum steps forward and shakes Abbi's hand, exchanging pleasantries with her. Abbi looks nervous but puts on a wide smile anyway. It only just occurs to me that I might have forced her into this. Tori hated being around people, especially people she didn't know, and I've never seen Abbi talk to anyone at ballet other than me or Bianca.

Well, shit. Now I feel like a class a jerk.

"Er, Mum, can I get you a glass of wine? Dinner won't be long. It's just cooking now."

"That would be lovely." She sits herself on the sofa with the elegance given to her by her staunch middle-class upbringing, the one she pressed heavily onto me as a child... Yet I still throw myself back on the sofa the way I did when I was three.

"Abbi?" I glance her way as I open the fridge and pull out Mum's favorite Pinot Grigio.

"Hm?" She looks a little more relaxed.

"Wine?"

"Oh. Um, sure."

I pour three glasses and carry them into the front room, passing them around. I take a seat next to Abbi, resisting the urge to throw myself down. The fact I still have a rebellious streak at twenty-one amuses me somewhat.

"So, Blake," Mum begins. "Tell me about your job."

"At the restaurant?" I raise my eyebrows.

"Do you have another job I don't know about?"

"No."

"Then yes, that's the one I'd like to know about."

Deep breath, Blake. "There's not much to tell, really. It's not bad hours, it pays well, and it's fairly close to here. It gets rather busy on a weekend, as these places do, but nothing too hard to handle. My boss is a good guy to work with, and I've already got better on the seafood side of things."

"Wonderful." Mum smiles. "I'm glad it's going well for you, darling. Mind you, I didn't think it could be worse than that dreadful job you had in London. I will never understand why you took it in the first place, not when Yvette Mayfair offered you a job in her restaurant."

"Yvette was paying me less an hour than the other place. It was worth it for a year to get the last of the money I needed to live here."

Mum sniffs. "Yes, well. Like I said, this job sounds like a much better alternative for you and your skills."

"I agree." I look at the clock. "I have to check on dinner. I'll be right back."

I put my glass on the table and all but run into the kitchen. I feel a momentary twinge of guilt for leaving Abbi alone with her, but my God, five minutes in her presence and I'm already regretting agreeing to have dinner with her.

The lasagna is done, so I plate it up and set them on the table. After calling Abbi and Mum into the kitchen, breaking what I imagine was a slightly awkward silence, I take the opportunity to ask Mum about everyone back home.

"Your father is working too many hours, as usual," she replies with a heavy sigh. "I keep telling him to give that junior of his the simple work - you know, phone calls and filing and the like - but he refuses. Insists the boy is merely a helping hand until Jason goes to University in September and comes to do work experience with him."

I frown. "I thought Jase was going up in the United academy? He's one of their best players!"

"Yes, well, that's still an option. He hasn't quite made his choice yet, but obviously University is the better option for him. Your father is working on it."

I bite my tongue to stop myself snapping at her. "Mum, Jase's wanted to play for that team since he was old enough to kick a ball. He has a chance now, a real chance. Surely you can't take that away from him?"

"I'm doing nothing of the sort." She sniffs and sips her wine. "He needs to understand he has options. Not everyone has to go off and chase a crazy dream."

Abbi's foot touches mine gently under the table, and I take a deep breath, smiling falsely.

"Of course. He should explore his options." The ones he wants to. Not the ones forced onto him by overbearing parents.

"So, Abbi." Mum turns to her. "What do you do besides dance?"

"Oh. Nothing right now," Abbi replies quietly. "Dance takes up most of my time."

"Blake has told me what a wonderful dancer you are. The way he speaks, I'm surprised you're not already in Juilliard."

"I wasn't well when the last auditions came round, so I've had to wait it out. I'm still recovering now, but hopefully I'll make the next ones."

"You will." I smile at her, and she returns it.

"Such a shame," Mum muses, the sympathy in her voice real. "Lovely you're recovering, though. If you don't mind my asking, were you terribly ill?"

I freeze.

"Well." Abbi puts her fork down on her plate and looks up. "I guess that depends on how you view "terribly ill." I wouldn't say so, not anymore, but then I guess depression is only as bad you let it be."

Heavy silence falls over the table, and I catch the tremble of Mum's hand.

"You poor thing," Mum responds, her voice as steady as ever. "What a dreadful thing to deal with for someone so young."

Like you don't know.

"Yeah, well, it's like I said. It's only as bad as you let it be. Thankfully, I have some control over it now, and dancing helps. Oh, and Blake. He's very supportive."

"I'm sure he is." Mum looks up at me, her eyes getting colder by the second. I raise an eyebrow questioningly, playing dumb. She glances toward the watch on her wrist, setting her cutlery down. "Is that the time?"

"It's only eight-thirty," I say casually.

"Yes, well, I'm afraid my jet-lag is catching up to me, and I have an early meeting tomorrow, so I'm going to have call it a night. I'm ever so sorry."

Liar.

"Oh, that's a shame." Apparently, I lie as well as she does...

"You understand, don't you, Blake?"

"Of course, Mum. Do you need me to phone for a taxi?"

"You're quite alright." She stands, smoothing out her skirt. "I hired a chauffeur for my stay. I considered a car, but everyone knows you simply don't drive in New York."

I stand and follow her into the front room where she grabs her bag. "Well, it was lovely to see you. Even if it was only a short visit," I try.

"And you, darling. You look well. Anyway, I must get back to the hotel and get to bed." She pauses by the front door. "I'll phone you before I leave."

I smile, leaning in and pecking her cheek. "Great. Have a safe journey across the bridge."

"Have a nice evening." She shuts the door behind her, and I breathe a sigh of relief, leaning against it.

I shake my head. Flippin' heck. That just went from bad to worse to downright hellish.

"That went well," Abbi says dryly, echoing my thoughts. "Like a train crash."

"I was waiting for the unicorns and rainbows to burst through the door," I reply.

"I don't think she likes me much."

"I wouldn't worry too much. She doesn't particularly like me either." I shrug, and she giggles. "What's so funny?"

"This is totally off topic of who your mom does and doesn't like," she begins. "But when you talk to her you speak differently. You got all posh-sounding the second she walked through the door. I thought I'd stepped into Buckingham Palace or something."

I groan. "Really? I thought I'd left that hoity-toity shit at Gatwick airport."

She props her chin on her hand, smiling. "I kind of liked it."

"Really?" I tilt my head to the side and sit back down. "How much did you like it?"

"Downton Abbey liked it."

"Which means...?"

"I watch that show religiously just for the accents. So, really, really liked it."

"How much is really, really liked it?"

"I think it speaks for itself, Blake."

She stares at me with wide, amused eyes, and the curve of her pink lips is too tempting. I lean forward, pressing my mouth to hers, and brush my lips across hers softly.

"Liked it that much?" I murmur, my face close to hers. She nods, and I lean in again, placing my hand at the side of her head. My fingers tangle gently in her hair, my thumb brushes across her cheek, and she moves closer. She clasps her hand around my arm, holding onto me, and I urge her into deepening the kiss. She does, and as I flick my tongue across her lips, I can taste the lingering flavor of the wine we've been drinking. Her grip on my arm tightens, and I pull back reluctantly.

I might not know the reasons behind her pain, but I'll be damned if I'll push her into something she's not comfortable with.

"You're so in tune with me it's scary," she whispers.

"I'm not sure about that," I reply. "But if talking like a right posh bastard gets me a kiss like that, I'm gonna do it more bloody often."

She laughs quietly, opening her eyes to mine. Her eyelashes tickle her skin when she blinks, and the vividness of her eyes has me almost drowning in them. Looking at her like this, this close to her, Mum's visit is barely even a memory.

Something about Abbi Jenkins has a hold on me I couldn't break if I wanted to. She's got me so strongly that I almost forget everything else exists when we're together, and each touch we share dulls the pain of the past as she drives me to look toward the future.

And I don't think she knows just how much she amazes me.

Chapter Seventeen - Abbi

My hand hovers over the studio door uncertainly. One phone call from Bianca is all it's taken to drag me down here, yet I don't even know why I'm here. It's not a class day, and I can't think of anything she could say in person she couldn't tell me over the phone.

I curl my fingers around the handle and pull it open. The faint sounds of the piano drift back me, and I realize Friday's are one of the days she teaches her younger class. Now I'm even more confused why I'm here. Still, I walk down the hall and peek through the door.

Two rows of little girls dressed in baby pink, lilac or pale blue leotards face the front, all doing demi-plies perfectly in time with the music. My lips curve into a smile. They all look adorable.

Bianca notices me standing here and says something to the girls. They all nod, never breaking their dancing. She walks toward me, tall and regal, and joins me in the hall.

"I'm glad you came down," she says.

"I'm a little confused why you needed me here."

"It's simple." Bianca smiles. "A friend runs a ballet studio on the other side of the city for teens, and she's putting on a production at the end of August of Swan Lake. The group of children she was using for the animals are no longer able to be a part of it, and as the show is a sell-out, she refuses to cancel it. She contacted me last night and asked if my girls would like to take the place of the animals. It means a lot of hard work for them, but I know they can do it."

"And where do I come into this?" I look from the tiny dancers to Bianca.

"I can't keep my eyes on every single girl as they learn the steps. Their time to learn their parts is limited, so I need help."

"You... You want me to help?"

"I can't think of anyone better for it." She touches my arm. "I'm not asking this as a favor, Abbi, I'm hiring you to help me. I'll pay you, and who knows, if everything works well, I may have need of an assistant permanently."

I swallow, pressing my fingers to the window. "I don't know if I can do it. I mean, I don't know if I'm ready to do something like that."

"I called Dr. Hausen this morning," Bianca admits quietly. "I asked her for her opinion, and she believes it'll be good for you. She and I both agree that having a job will focus your mind on something other than the way you've been feeling lately-"

"Huh. You noticed."

"And there's no better job for you than doing this - the very thing you love. I adore letting myself go and dancing, but my favorite part of everything is watching the delight on one of these girls' faces when they finally get that step they've been stuck on for ages. And," she taps my shoulder, making me look at her. "There's nothing better than seeing someone find herself and start to live again."

"I guess you're right. It would be good for me, and ballet does make me feel alive. Really alive."

"Having an incredibly handsome partner with a British accent goes a long way, too." Bianca winks at me playfully. I blush. "I knew it!"

"I have no idea what you're talking about," I lie, my lips twitching. "Blake and I are friends. Very good friends."

"Abbi, honey, I've seen the way he looks at you. There's no friendship in that look." She pats my shoulder, leaning into the door, ready to open it. "But as much as I'd love to go all gossip girl on you and grill you, that's not my business. I also have a class to teach, and perhaps an assistant to introduce?"

I drop my small smile, take a deep breath in, and gaze at the girls. They're still dancing, all in perfect sync. It wouldn't be hard to teach them. I know Swan Lake's dances like I know mine and Blake's pas de deux. Besides, if Dr. Hausen thinks it's a good idea... Maybe it's time to step outside of my comfort zone again.

"Okay. I'll do it."

Bianca beams and opens the door. She claps her hands three times, and the girls all stop, moving into first position. I hover by the door, my stomach rolling as nerves kick in. I clasp my hands in front of my stomach to hide their gentle shake.

"Girls, I have someone to introduce to you." Bianca gestures to me. "This is Abbi, and she's my new assistant. She'll be helping me in your classes for the next few months."

I walk toward Bianca slowly, feeling twelve pairs of inquisitive eyes on me. "Hi, everyone." I wave slightly.

"You're all wondering why I have an assistant. Right?" Bianca looks out at the nodding heads. "Well, at the end of the summer, instead of doing our usual production here for your parents you'll be a part of a larger one on stage. A friend of mine is putting on Swan Lake, and she needs some animals. I told her I have twelve little animals in my lower class that would be perfect for her."

Gasps and squeals radiate through the group in front of us, and I can't help but smile at the looks on their little faces. They're completely shocked but wearing the biggest smiles known to man, and the excitement shining from their wide eyes is testament to how much they want to do this.

"It's going to mean a lot of hard work from you, girls, and perhaps some Saturday sessions, too. That's why I have Abbi; she's kindly agreed to help me teach you your dances. She's one of the best dancers in my higher group, so in ten years' time when she's jetting around the world as a famous ballerina, I expect you all to brag about how she taught you to dance in your first on-stage ballet." Bianca winks at me again. "Now, I'm going to be really naughty, so sssh. I'm going to get a glass of water and leave you with Abbi to get to know each other for ten minutes."

All the girls immediately crowd around me, excitedly bouncing. I get the feeling their excitement is more from the news they'll be doing their first dance in a real theatre, but I feel wanted nonetheless. And it feels kind of... nice.

"You really gotta stop throwing me these curveballs," I mutter as Bianca passes me.

"I have no idea what you mean." She leaves the studio, followed by her uncle, and I'm suddenly alone with twelve very chatty seven and eight year olds.

"How about we all sit down?" I suggest, looking out at a sea of faces. "Then we can all chat easier. Okay?"

Choruses of "yeah" and "okay" come to me, and I sit cross-legged on the studio floor. They all copy me, sitting with their backs perfectly straight.

"How about we introduce ourselves first? Our name, age, and a little something about us. I'll start." I shift slightly. "I'm Abbi, I'm eighteen, and I'm training with Bianca to get into Juilliard."

As we travel around the group, I learn names I've already forgotten and the strangest facts about them. Kids really don't a brain-to-mouth filter, and I have to stifle my giggles more than once.

"Okay, now that I know you all, do you have any questions for me?"

Rosie, a small girl with brown hair puts her hand up. "Have you ever danced Swan Lake?"

I nod. "Lots. It's my favorite ballet."

"How many characters have you been?"

"Quite a few. I was Odette when I was sixteen for our Christmas production."

"I thought everyone danced the Nutcracker at Christmas?" Bailey, a blonde girl, pipes up.

"Sometimes, sometimes not," I answer. "I did that when I was a bit older than you."

"I bet you played Clara."

I don't know who said that, but I gasp in pretend shock. "How did you know?"

"You look like a Clara," the same voice says matter-of-factly.

"Have you ever been on a really big theatre stage?" Another voice.

"Yep. Lots of times."

"What's it like?" Another.

I smile, remembering the feeling of being free on the stage in the darkness, save for one spotlight on you. "It's the best thing ever. It's really fun, and not nearly as scary as you think it'll be. You'll see."

"What if we're too scared to try?" A small voice asks me. I look in the direction of it, and it belongs to a red-haired girl hiding behind her hand whose name I don't remember.

"I don't believe any of you are too scared to try. I bet you'd all be awesome a stage."

"But there's so many people."

"It's dark," I counter. "You can't see them, and you forget all about them when you dance. I promise. And, don't tell Bianca I said this..." I gesture for them all to lean in, and they do. "But if you're really, really, really scared, just imagine all of the audience in their underwear with bunny rabbit ears on their head."

All the girls burst into laughter, giggling uncontrollably. I grin at them all, knowing I've made the right decision to help Bianca with them.

If twelve happy, excited faces can't brighten my day three times a week, then there's no way I should be out of St. Morris'.

~

The house is eerily quiet with Mom and Dad away on a business trip. It's the first they've taken since I came home, and the freedom is wonderful. There's no worried eyes glancing at me if I'm still in my pajamas at midday or intent stare on me whenever I go near the cutlery draw.

If I stood a chance at not burning my toast, I'd really enjoy buttering it.

I'm a little scared. The knowledge of what I could do is tormenting me. The weight of my pain from the last few days - although peppered with everything that's good - is slowly getting too much to bear. Now I'm alone, it feels heavier than ever. So I do what I should do and pick up the phone to call Dr. Hausen before Blake arrives to practice.

"To what do I owe the pleasure?" Dr. Hausen answers.

"I'm home alone this weekend and I'm scared," I blurt out.

"What-"

"I'm scared I won't be strong enough to fight the urges if I have a bad night. The last time I was home alone was the night that was almost my last. What do I do if I feel like that again? Maddie isn't here this time."

"Abbi... Abbi," she says softly. "I need you to breathe for me. Like we practiced before. Slowly."

She's right. I need to calm down. I need to breathe. I close my eyes with the phone still against my ear and breathe slowly to Dr. Hausen's counting. It takes a few minutes, but eventually my breathing goes back to normal.

"Good. That's good. How are you now?"

"I'm okay. It was just... A moment."

"We're all allowed a moment every now and then, Abbi. They make it better - they allow you to let it all out."

I nod, like I'm reassuring myself. "Right. Moments are okay. I know that."

"You do know that, and that's why I'm certain you'll be fine this weekend. You know how to stop the panic attacks and you know how to battle the urges. The only difference is that this time, you must do it for yourself, and not your parents. That's all."

"For myself," I mutter. "Okay. Myself." I sigh heavily.

"I'm on call this weekend. If you need me, you know where I am. You can call or you could even come to St. Morris' if you need the company."

I promised myself the day I left I'd never go back unless it was for our sessions, but it sounds almost appealing right now. I can't deny I'm tempted, but I draw on that inner strength everyone is so certain I have and politely refuse.

"Blake will be here tonight to practice, and I can always go and see Bianca in the studio if I need to. I think I'm just panicking for no reason. I'm sure I'll be fine." I'm not sure who I'm trying to convince.

"You know where I am if you need anything." The line clicks off, and I put my cell down.

Deathly silence wraps around me, allowing whispers to nudge at my mind. Allowing twitches to take my fingers. Allowing my teeth to bite down on the inside of my cheek.

I grab the remote and turn on the television to drown it out. Despite what I said to Dr. Hausen only a moment ago, I'm not sure I will be okay. My eyes flick to the clock above the fireplace to see how much longer I have to be alone. Blake should be here any second, so I sit on my hands and blow out my cheeks. But the whispers are still there.

They're always there.

In the back of my mind, they start off almost completely silently, getting louder and louder every minute you ignore them until they're screaming at you. Until their shouts and yells take over everything else, until the urges they support are the only thing you can focus on.

I focus on the Gilmore Girls, listening to their voices instead of the anxiety building in my body. Goddammit, where is Blake? I rock forward slightly and push my whole body weight into my hands to stop myself pulling them from under me. My eyes travel to the window where I can see the sun starting to illuminate the low-lying clouds as it begins its descent.

Descent. Rib to hip. Knee to Ankle. Ankle to toe.

I screw my eyes shut, shaking my head.

Descent. Eyes to feet. Fist to cheek. Cheek to floor.

And I can feel it pulling me under. A memory of my own creation, born of my own anxiety. I can feel the tug in my mind and the shake of my body as faint music replaces the television and Pearce's hands replace mine.

"Pearce," I'd begged him. "Please, let's just go. You know Owen won't ever give you what he owes you, not when you still owe his brother money."

"It's not even his real f**king brother, Abbi. You know that. Owen's just a spineless little dick who hides behind him."

"It doesn't matter what Owen is. You know he won't pay up!"

He grabbed my arm and slammed my back against the brick wall. Pain seared through me, but I bit my lip and hid my grimace.

"Gary isn't here this weekend. Five minutes inside Owen's house with him, and the ass**le will cough up the cash."

"You don't know that," I whispered.

"You're not stupid, Abbi. You know I'll get my money." His eyes burned into me, anger sparking deep in them. "Don't you? You know I'll get it."

I said nothing. He pushed me further into the wall.

"Don't you?!"

"Yes," I replied quietly, turning my face away from him. "I know you will."

"Good." He released me without another word and stormed down the street towards Owen's house. I followed him slowly, letting my feet drag against the floor. My arm throbbed where he grabbed me, and I was certain there was a scrape on my back from the rough brickwork of the wall. I put a hand to my arm and flinched.

And I hoped to God there wasn't a hand print there. I could explain away a bruise if anyone saw it, but there was no explaining a hand print.

Loud knocks at the door pull me from my past, and my arm burns. I look down and see my hand wrapped around it in the same place Pearce bruised me. A handprint never came, but that wasn't the worst injury that night. The worst one was the cut across my leg from the glass he threw.

I say worst, but it was both the worst and the best. It had stung me and numbed me at the same time. It had made it easier to take the verbal abuse he'd inevitably thrown at me like it was my fault Gary had cancelled his weekend away and given Pearce a black eye for his troubles.

"Abbi!" Blake yells over his knocks, reminding me he's there.

I lower my hand from my arm and walk towards the front door. The whispers are there still, stronger, begging me to do the very thing I promised myself I wouldn't. I stretch my fingers out, even digging my nails into my palms too tempting. Even the sting from that would be bad. Too much. Too tempting.

I open the door and look up at Blake. His hand pauses in mid-air and his eyes flit over my face, taking me in.

"What..." he says softly. "Oh, Abbi."

I look at him, not saying a thing as he steps inside and shuts the door behind him. His hands frame my face, and he wipes away the tears falling down my face. I drop my eyes, hiding them although he'll never know the reason I'm crying and shaking.

"Talk to me," he whispers, pulling me into him. I shake my head against him, my arms hanging limply by my sides. His touch quiets the whispers but it's not enough. They're still there.

"I think I need to be alone tonight." I pry myself from his arms and wander into my kitchen.

"Hell no. You're not getting rid of me that bloody easily." His footsteps echo as he follows me.

I cross my arms and look out the window, my back to him. "I think I need to be alone," I repeat.

"I'm not even thinking about leaving until you tell me what's wrong."

"I'm fine."

"Yeah, if you can call crying and shaking like f**k "fine!""

I flinch at the volume of his voice. "I don't want to talk about it."

"Abbi."

"I said I don't want to talk about it."

"I do. I want to know what's got you so upset. What's hurting you so much?"

"I said..." I grit my teeth. "No!"

"Goddammit, Abs!" he shouts. "Don't push me away like this! Let me help you!"

"I don't need help!" The words are a blatant lie, but my next are the truth. "This depression... It's destroying me even more than I was before. Slowly it's tearing me apart inside. I fight it every day. God, I fight it! Every day it's a fight to get up, to get dressed, to leave the house. Every single day I'm haunted by things that have been and it's hard. It's so damn hard, but I have to keep fighting. I have to do it alone. No one can help me - only I can do that. Only I can make it all better, but I don't even know if I can, so Mom, Dad, Dr. Hausen, Bianca, even you... You can't make it better. You can't make it go away.

"You can't save me, Blake. Do you get that? You. Can't. Save. Me." I turn around, dropping my arms to my sides, and meet his emotion-filled green eyes. "I've tried to believe it. I want to believe it, but I'm not a princess, Juilliard isn't a fairytale castle, and you aren't a prince riding in on a white horse to slay the dragon. Some things in life aren't worth saving, and some aren't able to be saved. I'm pretty sure I can't be saved."

"You're wrong. You can be saved if you'd just let me help you!"

Impulsively I grab a glass from the side and smash it on the floor. Anger, helplessness, frustration, pain; they all heighten inside me to almost an uncontrollable level. But Blake doesn't even flinch. His eyes don't even fall to the glass. They never leave mine.

"Can you save that, Blake?" I gesture to the glass, my chest heaving with every breath I'm suddenly struggling to take. "Can you?!"

"You can't compare yourself to a broken glass; that's different."

"No, it's not. Not at all. You see those pieces on the floor? There are hundreds of thousands of shards, and no matter how hard you try will you never be able to get them all and put them back together. Even if you do, it won't be perfectly. There will always, always be a part missing from it. There will always be one piece that you won't be able to keep hold of.

"I am that glass! I'm shattered, torn, broken. I'm irreparable." I walk backwards into the wall, my whole body tight. My trembling hands flatten against the wall, and I keep eye contact with him. "It doesn't matter how hard you try. I'll never be whole again. I'll never be the princess climbing on the back of your horse. I will never, ever be the same person I was before."

He steps forward, and when he speaks, there's desperation tinging his tone. "You're not the person you used to be because that was never the person you were meant to be. I want to help you, Abs. I wish you'd let me help you!"

"I don't want your help!" I scream, pushing myself into the wall and hanging my head, my chin resting on my chest. "I don't want your help. I want you to leave. I want to be alone."

The sharp, cooling slice of a blade drifting across skin. The slow, stinging parting of flesh. The warm, relieving trickling of blood. Red against white.

"So you can search your house top to bottom for something sharp enough to cut yourself with?" His words are shorter and sharper than I've ever heard him use, the venom in them chilling me.

My breath catches and my head snaps back up, our gazes colliding. He looks nothing like the Blake I know. His eyes are cold, every sparkle and shine gone from them as they burn into me, slicing into me harder than any blade ever could. I try to curl my fingers into my palms, craving the feeling of my nails digging into them. A brief respite.

"Is that it?" he says in the same biting tone.

Nails. Palm. Sting.

"No," I answer, but my voice is weak and unconvincing even to me.

"Open your hands," he orders. I shake my head, bringing my fisted hands to my stomach. "Open your hands!"

"No!"

His feet thud against the wooden floor as he storms over to me. His hands close around my fists, his fingers prying between mine.

"No!" I cry again, feeling the heat of tears fall over my eyes as he succeeds in dragging my nails away from my hands.

"I won't let you do this to yourself." He grinds his teeth together, holding my hands tightly.

"You don't understand!" I sob, my throat closing up as panic takes me over. "You don't get it. I need something. I haven't for so long, but I can't do it anymore. I need it. I can't keep remembering. It hurts too much. Let me go. Please."

I shake my arms and kick out at him, desperately trying to get him to let me go. My body thrashes as he pushes his against mine, trapping me against the wall, and I scream, feeling Pearce press against me instead of Blake.

I'm hurled back in time yet again.

Pearce. Music. Alcohol. Drugs. His hand. My face.

"Sssshh."

I'm rocking. And screaming. Screaming loudly, a scream that breaks even my heart. I can't breathe. Panic. Weight on my body. I need to get it off. Get him off. Get him away.

"Get off. Please. Let me... Go. Now. Please," I sob out. "Don't hurt me. Please." I stretch my legs out, and my face is buried in a shoulder.

"I have you." British accent. Blake. "You are safe, Abbi. I promise you."

I'm shaking. Hard. I want him to let me go and hold me at the same time. "No. Never safe."

"Yes," he whispers in my ear, his arms tightening slightly around me. My fingers are curled into his shirt, holding him to me as tight as he's holding me. "I promise you, you will always be safe around me."

I swallow, closing my eyes, and try to regain control of my breathing just like Dr. Hausen taught me. Deep breaths, count of three. In, out. In, out.

"I will never be safe," I whisper hoarsely. "There's nothing outside that can hurt me any more than what is inside. You don't understand that."

"Oh, I understand." He breathes out shakily. "I understand that better than you think."

"You don't. You won't ever get it."

He releases me, his hands moving to either side of my face. My eyes open. Our faces are perfectly aligned. I'm still grasping his shirt, and he wipes his thumbs under my eyes.

"You know Tori died. What you don't know is I watched her slice deeper and deeper every day until she finally hit gold." His voice quivers. "And I didn't do a single f**king thing to stop her, because everyone made me believe it was for attention. I've lived with that guilt for ten years. I'll be damned if I'm gonna sit here and watch you do the same thing."

More tears stream from my eyes at the raw pain in his voice, and I remember and I know. I know because I was so close. So, so close. I was minutes away from nothing, then Maddie found me.

"Saving me won't bring her back," I croak. "It won't make it easier and it won't make it go away. Don't save me to make up for not saving her. I'm not a project."

"I never said you were." His voice drops to a bare whisper and he puts one of his hands into my hair, his fingers threading through it. "I'm not trying to save you because I couldn't save her. I'm trying to save you because I don't think I could cope if I lost you too."

Tears brim in his eyes, and I've never seen him look so vulnerable. I imagine how we must look right now, crouched on my kitchen floor, both of us shaking. Both of us crying. Both of us broken, yet holding onto each other like that's all that can fix us.

"I won't watch you do it too. You are so, so much stronger than that. You are so much stronger than she was, Abs." He moves his thumb under my eye to wipe away the wetness there. "You are everything I wish my sister was and so much more, and it's that so much more that means you can push me away all you like because I won't go. That darkness you have inside, the one that pulls you under, I swear I won't let you fall into it. I won't let you fall anywhere unless it's my arms you're falling into."

I shake my head because I can't. I won't. I don't want to fall anywhere. At all. Because falling means hitting the bottom, and hitting the bottom means pain. Hurt. Anguish.

And I have enough of that.

"I'm not strong, Blake. Not really. I still feel everything and I still think the bad things. I still want to give in. Depression... it's like drowning, like being pulled to the bottom of the ocean, except everyone around you is swimming and breathing on the surface. It's like being in a crowd of people where you're screaming and no one can hear you. It's everything nightmares are made of."

"Then let me be the one to teach you swim again," he whispers, moving his face to mine. "Let me hear you and let me be the one to remind you how to live."

A shudder wracks my body, and I feel the tightening of my chest that always precedes the suffocation of the darkness. I release his shirt and wrap my arms around his neck, burying my face into his skin. Blake's arms go round my body in one smooth movement, holding me tightly against him, and he moves us so his back is against the wall and I'm sitting on him.

I still feel it. I want to feel the sting. I want the sharpness of the blade against my flesh. I want the release it gives me. Until Blake presses his lips to my temple and my heart thuds once. Loudly. Reminding me I'm still alive.

And all there is, is Blake. The feel of his arms around mine. My skin against his. His breath against my ear. The tightness of his hold, so tight it rivals the tightness of the hold my depression has on me.

The sudden clarifying reminder that pain doesn't have to equal feeling. I can live without hurting. I can live without the sting.

My fingers thread into his hair, and he bends his face into mine even though it's still pressed against his neck. He cups my chin and nudges my face upwards. Our eyes meet, and the tears that were brimming in his not long ago have spilled down his cheeks.

"You don't need it. I promise. You're more than that. Don't let it all destroy the person I know," he whispers and his lip quivers. "Let me help you, Abbi. Not because of my sister or anything else. Let me help you because I need to."

"I can't replace her."

"I know. I don't want you to replace her. I want you to be you. I don't want another sister. I want you. That's it. I don't want us to be skirting around the topic of us anymore. I want you and all your shattered pieces, if you think you can handle all my broken bits."

"I don't know."

"Try. Because I won't stop trying."

I have no doubt. He hasn't stopped trying since our first dance together, and his eyes promise me what his words do. So no matter how much it scares me, no matter how much I want to hide, I give him what he deserves. What, in my heart, I truly want.

"I'll try."

Because amidst all the chaos and heartbreak holding us together, he is my light in the dark.

Chapter Eighteen - Blake

She feels so small in my arms.

Her body is quivering and her chest is still heaving. My top is soaked from her tears, but I don't care. The only thing I care about is the words she just said. Two tiny words that mean so much.

Two tiny words that have the immense power to change everything.

I tangle my fingers in her hair, breathe in, and tighten my hold on her. I don't want to say what I'm about to. I don't even want to think about it, but I have to. I need her to understand that I know. I know the pain she carries even if I don't get it.

I need her to understand I can hold onto her broken heart the way she needs me to.

"Tori and I were inseparable. We danced together almost every day whether we has class or not, and when I was eight, we had our dream. We promised each other that when we were old enough, we'd leave London, fly to New York, and go to Juilliard. I always thought she'd go first since she was four years older than me, but she insisted she'd wait for me. She said she'd work and save all her money to get us here, then even if it all fell apart for her, she'd stay and watch me take the college by storm." I swallow, feeling the same sting I always do. "She was my best friend as well as my sister, and it drove my parents batty. They hated I was closer to her than my brother - my only brother. My father dreamt of weekend football matches watching his boys play so he could boast to his friends. My relationship with Tori destroyed it. I was never going to be the dirty, ruffed-up boy my father desired me to be on a football pitch. In my mother's words, I was always going to be "the fairy on a stage.""

"Blake," Abbi whispers, clenching my top tighter.

"We spent hours making our plans. Where we'd live, where we'd work, what we'd see. Tori said more than once we'd be like live-in tourists. I couldn't wait. I wanted nothing more than to achieve my dream with my favorite person. But it would never happen.

"If I knew then what I knew now, I would have tried harder to make her talk to me. If I knew I'd lose her just four years later, I would have never left her side. And I definitely wouldn't have listened to my parents denying the very existence of depression. To them it was taboo, not something to be discussed, and there was no way on Earth their perfect baby girl was suffering from it. There was no way she was being bullied at the top-notch private girls' school they sent her to. In their eyes, Tori was doing nothing but attention seeking.

"I hid everything for her. The late night crying sessions were blown off as the time of the month, or a sad film or television show. Even a sad chapter in her favorite book. Every cut or mark on her body was passed off as an injury from dance, hockey, anything. She had an excuse for every single one, and I never questioned it. I was only twelve. I didn't have any reason to believe she would lie to me. Even when she asked me not to tell Mum about it, I didn't ask why. I wasn't blind - where I was the black sheep of the family, Tori was the eldest and the golden girl. But they never cared enough to listen."

"Blake-"

"I found her." I pause for a moment, choking back the tears building in me as the memory plays in my mind. "I found her in her room, curled into a ball on her blood-stained bed. She'd sliced her arms to pieces, but that was nothing compared to the gash on her thigh. She knew what she was doing - the coroner's report later showed she'd severed right through her main artery. Every time I think about her that's what I see. I see her surrounded by her soft toys, each of them a reminder of the girl she used to be. I see her art coursework scattered across her bedroom floor and the knife she'd used to make the cuts. And the worst thing, the thing that haunts me the most is I see her holding her ballet shoes to her chest.

"She knew what would happen. It was never a cry for help, not for Tori. It was always the real deal. And the worst thing about it all is she never should have been alone that afternoon. Jase had a football game, a final of a local competition, and Dad insisted we all went. Tori got to stay behind because she was studying for her exams, but I was forced into going. And I did. I went, and that's what I found when I came home. My last memory of my big sister was always supposed to be of us dancing together at Juilliard, but instead it's of her dead body."

Abbi's arms slide around me, and she pulls me closer to her. Her fingers splay across my back, like she's trying to wrap every part of me up.

"And no one dares to speak about her. Just me. I'm the only one who remembers she even existed. And it f**king kills me." I close my eyes as the tears I've fought this whole time spill out and down my cheeks. They roll down silently, nothing like the tears that fell the day I found Tori. I can hear it in my head; my shouts for help, my inconsolable sobbing, the scrambles of my parents, my mother's cries, Kiera's shushing and shuffling of the other kids. Yet over it all I hear one long scream filled with more pain than I ever thought one person could feel. My scream. The one that belonged to the bond I'd had with Tori, the bond that had shattered the second my eyes fell on her broken, still body.

Abbi's arms tighten around me. "I'm sorry."

"Don't be sorry. You didn't make that choice, did you? She did. No one can apologize for her mistakes."

"No, I didn't, but I almost did." Her whispers are muffled, and I'm certain I wouldn't have heard her if it wasn't my shoulder she was snuggled into.

"What?"

She takes a deep breath and pulls back. Her fingers slip under her sleeves, and she rolls them up to her elbows, doing the same with her sweatpants to her knees. Finally, she pulls her top up, exposing her stomach, and drops her head.

I comb my eyes over her bare skin. Almost every inch is covered with white lines, long and short, deep and shallow, and I can't stop myself from reaching for her. My fingers run over her arms, her legs, her stomach, feeling every bump across her skin.

"Almost," she whispers, stilling my hands against her stomach. "I get why Tori did it. I understand. Sometimes it gets too much. Sometimes," she breathes in heavily. "Sometimes just once isn't enough. It's addictive. The release you get, however short, it's like a drug. Once you've done it once, you keep doing it, over and over. Tori knew what she was doing, and I did too. I didn't want to hurt anymore, I didn't want to keep getting hurt, but it was too late for me to get out that way, so I took the easy way. The coward's way. I just wanted a life where I'd be happy, where I wouldn't be controlled by him. I didn't want a life where I wondered when the next argument or fight would be, and I was in too deep to get out. I was too broken and too weak to even fight with him anymore. I didn't want that for myself.

"If Maddie hadn't of found me, I wouldn't be here now. I tried what Tori did - hit the main arteries and just bleed. Unlike Tori, I misjudged it. When I woke up, they told me I was half an inch away from it. If I'd hit it I wouldn't have been around for Maddie to save. It would have been too late for me."

Him. Argument. Fight.

"Who is "him?"" My arms are tense. The thought that someone, anyone, could have hurt her so badly she wanted to take her own life sparks a fury in me I didn't know I had.

She curls her fingers around mine. "He doesn't matter. He can't hurt me anymore. Only I can do that now."

"You can, but you won't." I tug her clothes down, covering the marks, and look her in the eyes. "If it hurts I want to know."

"It's not a pain you can take away."

"No, but it's a pain I can ride out with you. I can be there and hold you whenever you need it. You don't have to do this alone anymore, Abbi."

"I've never been alone," she whispers. "When I left the hospital I didn't come home. They sent me to a mental institution. I came home six weeks ago."

Shit.

I tug her into my body, needing to do nothing but just hold her.

"They sent me there so I couldn't try again. So I couldn't get that half an inch over."

"Would you have? If you'd come straight home?"

"I don't know. Maybe." She shrugs, laying her head against me. "Last year feels like a lifetime away, but even then I remember thinking I didn't get it right for a reason. If I was truly meant to go, if it was meant to work, I would have hit the artery dead on, or Maddie wouldn't have found me. That half an inch saved my life."

I bend my head forward, letting my lips press against the top of her head. "I'm really, really glad you missed."

Abbi curves her arms around me, tucking her legs under her. She turns her face into my chest. "Me too."

~

Pain shoots through my neck as I try to move, and cramp takes my calf hostage.

"Bastard," I mutter, rubbing both my neck and my leg at the same time. This is why no one should sleep on a sofa - especially not if it's only two seats and you're over six foot tall. It's like trying to get a blow-up bed back to the size it was when it first came out the box.

A royal pain in the arse.

I roll over on Abbi's sofa, rubbing my eyes. When I open them, I find her sitting cross-legged on the floor with a book open in her lap. Her hair is flowing over her shoulders, and for the first time since I met her, she's wearing something other than long sleeves. Her tank top and yoga pants show her scars clearly even in the low morning light.

I ease myself up onto my elbow. "Good reading?"

Abbi pushes her hair back from her face as she tilts her face up to me. "Depends on your definition of "good" at six in the morning."

"Okay." I rub a hand down my face. "There is nothing that could even be considered good at six a.m."

She smiles slightly. "It's my diary. From St. Morris's... The mental institution."

"Ah." I push myself to a sitting position. "I can't imagine that's light morning reading."

A small laugh leaves her. "Not exactly." She closes the book and runs her finger across the cover. "I haven't looked at it since I left. I shoved it in a drawer when I got home and left it there. I didn't want to look at it. I thought it was the most stupid and pointless thing ever - writing in a diary wasn't going to help me get better. Dr. Hausen - my psychiatrist - made me do it. She said even if I just wrote one line a day about how I was feeling, it would help me."

"Did it help?"

"No." She laughs sadly. "I felt like an idiot every single night because it didn't help me in the slightest, but it wasn't supposed to help me. Not then. I didn't realize it until I started reading this morning."

"Call me stupid, but I'm really not following."

Abbi brings her eyes to mine. "It was never to help me get better. Dr. Hausen made me write in it in the hopes I'd look back on it one day and realize how far I'd come."

"Have you?"

"Look for yourself." She tosses me the book and it lands in my lap.

I pick up the red, hard-backed book and glance at her. "Are you sure? I looked in my sister's diary once, and she chased me with my brother's baseball bat when she caught me."

Abbi's lips twitch into a smile. "I'm sure. You've already seen me at my worst and there's nothing in that book I won't eventually tell you."

"Well, okay." I open it to the first page and start to read, flicking through the pages.

April 6th

I don't know why I have to write in this. It won't help. I can't use words to describe "how I feel" every day. I don't even feel anything. I'm just numb. Numb to everything.

April 12th

The last pages here are blank. Why? Because I still feel nothing. How can you write when you have no feelings?

April 18th

Mom and Dad keep coming. Maddie keeps coming. Pearce hasn't come. I don't know why it bothers me. Maybe it doesn't. I don't know.

I just want everyone to leave me alone. I wish Maddie had never found me.

April 22nd

Maddie is going. To California. Our crazy dream from our childhood. She's doing it, and I'm stuck in here. I feel. Finally. I feel angry. Angry because I should be going with her. At least Dr. Hausen will be glad to hear I can finally feel something.

April 30th

Group therapy. It's crap. None of them know what I go through, what I remember. None of them are like me. They're all crazy - screaming crazy. I'm not. I'm just quiet, happy to be left alone. I wish they would leave me alone.

"You didn't exactly get on board with the everyday thing, huh?" I smirk.

"Um... No. I got better towards the end, but at first I wasn't interested. I wasn't interested in much of anything, to be honest. I was too wrapped up in a world of pain and haunted by memories. They were still too fresh... Too real to think about anything else." She waves at the book. "Read as much as you want."

I don't miss the way her voice dips, lowering until it's almost a whisper, or the way she picks at the skin around her nails. I look at the open diary in my hands and shut it, dropping it on the floor next to me.

"I don't need to read it."

Abbi's head snaps up.

"As much as I want to know, you'll tell me when you're ready. I won't push you into it."

She looks at me earnestly for a moment before getting up and climbing onto the sofa next to me. I put my arm out, and she snuggles into my side, laying her head against my chest.

"Thank you," she whispers. "For not judging me because of the scars."

"I would never judge you for marks of your strength."

"We see them very differently."

I take her hand in mine, linking our fingers together, and stroke my thumb across the back of her hand. "One day I hope you'll look in the mirror and see what I see."

"I'll be happy if one day I can look in the mirror and not see a broken girl," she says sadly and tilts her head back to look at me. "What if it's too much, Blake? What if everything in my past and yours is too much? What if you see Tori whenever you look at me, or if what I'm dealing with is too close to what she did? What if..." She swallows. "What if we both have so much pain inside of us we end up breaking each other's hearts?"

"Hey." I lean my head back on the sofa, taking her with me, and squeeze her. "That's a lot of what ifs right there, Abs. You don't know any of that will happen, and if it does, then we'll have to cross that bridge when we get to it. There's no point in dwelling on things that might be, 'cause they could just as easily not be. Besides, you can't break something that's already broken. If we both just stay a little broken, we should be just fine."

She smiles through the hesitance in her eyes, and it's one that lights up her whole face. "I guess that's one way to look at it."

I smile back at her, releasing her hand and trailing mine up her arm to cup the back of her head. "No," I mutter, pulling her into me. "It's the only way to look at it."

I bring her lips to mine and kiss her gently. She curls her fingers into the blanket wrinkled at my waist, and sighs into my mouth.

"By all accounts, I should be running away from any guy that tries to touch me," Abbi muses. "But I don't feel like I need to. I'm not scared of us at all."

"Were you ever scared of us?"

"Of a relationship. Not of you. I don't think I've ever felt like I needed to be scared of you."

"Well, that's reassuring." I laugh.

"Oh, shush." She laughs with me.

I brush some hair from her face and think about the second time we met. "I guess I was right after all."

"What?"

"My supposed pick-up line."

"Oh, god."

"Oi." I run my thumb across her bottom lip. "You don't argue with fate."

She closes her eyes for a second and runs a finger along her thigh, tracing the place I'd imagine her scar is. When she opens her eyes, she looks directly into mine, emotion shining through in them.

"No. I guess you definitely don't."

~

Two days without my mother has been bliss. When this morning rolled around, I almost thought she wouldn't call - for the first time ever, I hoped she wouldn't call. Listening to her talk about Dad trying to push Jase into working with him although she knows it isn't what he wants to do made me realize how stifling my life in London was. I never really got that until I tasted freedom. Hopefully, Jase will get the same chance.

For now, though, my freedom is on hold as Mum did call. And demanded I get my ass round to her hotel room right now.

Okay. So she didn't quite say it like that, but she may as well have. The disappointment in her tone was enough of an indicator of how fun this conversation is going to be.

I knock on her hotel room door, shoving my hands in my pockets while I wait for her to answer. She does after a few minutes, a glass of white wine in hand.

"I'm glad you could find the time to come here," Mum says, walking into her room.

"You honestly made it sound like I didn't have much of a choice." I nudge the door shut behind me. "What's wrong?"

"I don't want you to take this the wrong way, Blake, but I think you should come home."

I stare at her, unmoving, for a long moment before I speak. "I'm sorry, I don't think I heard you correctly."

Mum sighs, putting her glass on the side. "I think it would be better if you came home and moved back in with us. I spoke to Yvette this morning - she said there's a job open for you if you want it."

"No way." I shake my head, folding my arms across my chest. "I live here, Mum. You never cared where I lived before - why does it matter so much now?"

"That isn't true," she protests. "You know I'm busy with work. I didn't think you'd stay here as long as you have, I'll be honest, son. I thought you'd be back in a couple of weeks."

"You do realize I'm an adult, therefore perfectly capable of taking care of myself?"

"Yes, yes, I know you are." She sighs heavily and rubs her temples, like this conversation is wearing her down already. "I just don't know if New York is right for you."

It clicks.

"This is about Abbi isn't it?"

Mum says nothing, busying herself with packing her suitcase.

"Isn't it?" I raise my voice. She hesitates long enough for me to catch it. "Unreal. Even for you, Mum, this is bloody unreal."

"She's not exactly who I pictured my son ending up with. Then again, I didn't expect him to be a dancer either."

"I get it - I do. I'm the disappointment and all that, but I don't get what Abbi has to do with this."

"She's not good enough for you."

"What?" I half-yell, half-laugh. "What the hell makes you think that? Doesn't she have enough money? Enough connections in your social circle?"

"It's not that at all."

"Then what is it?!"

"She's..." Mum slams her suitcase shut, turning and facing me. "She's ill, Blake. It's not fair for you to take on that burden. You know what happens with people like her-"

""People like her?"" I shake my head slowly, throwing my arms up. "Exactly what does that mean?"

"You know what it means."

"So because my sister killed herself, and Abbi has depression it means she will too? God, Mum. Talk about tarring people with the same brush."

Mum breathes in sharply. "This is not about your sister."

"It never is, is it?"

"Blake."

"No, Mum. It is about Tori, otherwise you wouldn't have a problem with a girl you've met once. You know nothing about Abbi yet you feel like you can judge her just because she has depression. Why? Because she doesn't hide it? Because she accepts the fact she has it? What is it that bothers you, really?"

"I find it very hard to believe you have any interest in this girl other than trying to save her because none of us saved Tori," she spits.

"And she stars again," I mutter, rubbing my hands down my face. "It's not because of Tori. Maybe that's what drew me to her in the first place, but when I look at Abbi all I see is Abbi. Not Tori, not the past. I see Abbi and the goddamn future. Do you understand that, Mum? I don't see the weakness Tori had, or the way she gave up. I see a girl who accepts the shit she's been thrown and gets the hell on with it - I see someone with a dream and a fight for life Tori never had. Abbi wants to live, and I want to help her do that. For her. No one else."

Mum is quiet for a long second. "You came here for Tori."

"Wrong. I came here for me. I won't leave because of the promise I made her, but I came here for me."

"You are making a mistake, Blake."

"I think I'm old enough to decide that for myself," I reply coldly. "I'm sorry I wasn't interested enough in law to work with Dad, or attracted enough to the stuck-up girls you shoved in my face for years. I'm sorry I never played football like Jase does, but mostly I'm sorry you and Dad have never been able to accept me for who I am. And I'm not coming home. I'm making a life here in New York for myself. I have a job, a place to live, a route to my dream, and despite what you say, I have a girl I'd move heaven and Earth for if I had to. If me being happy is disappointing to you, then that's your problem, Mum." I glance at my watch. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go. I have a job to get to."

I ignore her shocked calls of my name, pull the room door open, and disappear down the hall to the lift. The doors shut in front of me, and I breathe out, relaxing my shoulders.

Good God.

I should have done that bloody years ago.

Chapter Nineteen - Abbi

I run my fingers down the seam of the short sleeved leotard I haven't worn for two years. I have no idea if it'll even fit me now.

I breathe deeply and step out of my clothes, ready to pull it on. Even if I only ever wear it at home when I dance in the garage, it's something, and it's more than I would have done before.

I catch my reflection in the mirror as I straighten, the leotard still in my hand. I close my eyes. My number one rule is not to get changed in front of the mirror, not to see the marks that cover my body, but this time it feels different. I feel like I can open my eyes and look at them for the first time ever.

So I do.

My eyes crawl across my slender frame, toned from dancing, and they take in every spot, blemish and scar marring my skin. I look at every one, examining them like I can remember when each one happened. The last ones are the easiest to see - they're whiter, thicker, and more raised than the others.

Each one has a story to tell, each one a scene in a horrifying chapter of my life I can't delete.

I scrutinize them all from my arms to my legs. And finally, I accept them for what they are.

Battle scars.

No matter how unsightly they are or how ashamed of them I am, no matter how I might try to hide them or forget about their existence, that's the bottom line. That's the basic truth I will never be able to escape from.

They're my battle scars, earned over a time when I was honestly fighting for my life. They're the things that remind me that even in the face of true pain, I was able to stay strong and keep fighting. I was able to face each day head on, albeit with fears and worries, but I still did it.

And that's all my depression is now. Another battle scar. A silent one that will never be shown, a scar just for me, but a scar all the same. And just like the others, this too will fade.

Depression: the name given to people who are strong enough to face the outside world when their own is crashing down around them.

I put my legs into the leotard and pull it up my body. It rolls up my stomach, and my arms go in, tugging it all the way up. And it fits. It fits just as snugly as it did two years ago, and the black lycra against my pale skin is more striking than I remember. I step backwards slowly, my eyes on my reflection, and stop. My hair flows over one shoulder, and if it wasn't for the darkened color of it, I'd almost think I was looking at the Abbi I was before.

But I'm not, and I never will again. I'm looking at me, the new me, the me I was supposed to be all along. The broken, damaged me that is somehow still holding onto life.

Somehow.

There is no somehow, I realize as I touch my finger to my cheek. I'm not holding onto life itself - merely the smaller things that make it up.

My parents. Maddie. Dance. Juilliard. Blake.

I don't have to hold onto all of them, only a little part. As long as I'm holding onto a small part of them, then I have a hold on life. I just need to remember what makes life worth living, and that's the center of it. They are the things my world revolves around, even if Blake did sneak his way in smoother than a ninja could.

If I can keep a hold on them, I can keep a hold on life. And faced with the honesty of my scars, I know I can.

Because I'm strong.

I'm not a shadow of the person I was.

She is a shadow of me.

~

Blake's hands are warm on my waist as he lifts me from my plie and onto his shoulder. My arms are in fifth position, raised and curved above my head, and my back is poker straight. There's nothing comfortable about this position - I think sitting on hot coals would be more comfortable, to be completely honest, but it's vital to our dance.

I take a deep breath as I feel Blake's body shift, and he drops me into a fish dive. His fingers curve around my thigh and he holds me steady as we spin, my body stretched out. He lowers me gradually, spinning at an almost glacial pace, and I move into arabesque, one leg out behind me. I bring it down and straighten my body up, Blake's hands moving to my stomach and my hand to promenade. I count his turns, and on five, he releases me, leaving me to fouette until I drill my way through the floor.

I still, finishing the adage section of our dance, and turn my eyes to him. It's the first time I've truly watched him dance. The first time I've truly let myself watch him, and I'm spellbound. My eyes follow his every move, fluid and precise as he dances across the floor. Every step, arm position, turn, leap, every single thing about his dance is beautiful. It's a struggle to stay standing as I watch him. All I want to do is sink to the floor and stare at him dancing the way a child stares at the television.

And he doesn't even know. He's so lost in his moves, so focused on what he's doing, I'd bet anything he can't feel my gaze searing into him and burning holes in his back.

He stops, his variation over, and his eyes slowly open. A smirk graces his lips when he sees me staring at him, and I drop my eyes to the floor.

At least I'm still standing and not on my ass.

I step into my dance with the ease of someone that's done these steps their whole life. In reality, I made them up last night. I walked into the garage after Blake went to work, dressed in my short leotard, and let myself go completely. And this dance, filled with bourrees, coupes, and one of my favorite steps, an echappe saute, is a dance from the heart. It tells a story from despair to fleeting moments of true happiness, starting off slowly and building in speed until the coda section of our dance, when Blake comes back into it.

This dance is easy. True. Real. Free.

This dance is everything I feel when I dance.

Everything I want to be.

Blake's hand clasping mine and pulling me to him signals the start of the coda, and I don't bat an eyelid as we dance alongside each other. It's only been mere weeks we've danced together but it feels so much longer. I know, after this weekend, what we have is so much more than just a pas de deux. What we have away from the studio strengthens what we have inside.

He knows my every move and adjusts to it without thinking, even when I make a split second decision and change out a step for something else. He doesn't stop, he doesn't say a word, and he doesn't get annoyed. He simply changes direction, falling in with me.

And when his hands rest on my waist again, strong and determined, I push off as he lifts. The explosive motion results in a perfect grande jete, my legs completely straight in their split as Blake lifts me through the air. I feel weightless, like I'm flying, and my drop back down is easy. My feet touch the ground and my knees bend. Blake's hands travel from my waist down my arms to my hands and I push up en pointe, arching my back and dropping my head behind me. My arms are stretched to the sides, and the only thing stopping me falling backward is Blake's grip on my fingers.

His lips touch mine, a barely there brush, and he flicks me back up. That wasn't in the original dance.

I spin away from him, pausing a few meters away, and turn. His arms are stretched toward me, his eyes intent on mine, and I spring to him. Like that time in the garage, my hands hit his shoulders, his hands grip my waist, and he propels me into the air above him, my legs going instinctively into arabesque. Our faces are so close I can feel his breath across my lips, and I smile, moving my legs. They do a split sideways, and I hold them for a long beat, then wrap them around Blake's waist.

He laughs quietly, sliding his hands around my back and splaying his fingers. I smile, dropping my face down to his, and wrap my arms around his neck.

"This isn't part of the dance," he whispers, still laughing.

I shake my head, smiling, and touch my lips to his.

Three weeks ago, I couldn't take the closeness of dancing with him. It scared me. It was too much to deal with. Three weeks ago, I ran out of class because everything felt wrong.

Now, with my body wrapped around his, and him holding me for all it's worth, everything feels right.

~

"You didn't tell me you were changing the dance."

"You didn't tell me you were."

Blake turns, grinning. "For the record, I like the new ending."

I roll my eyes. "Of course you do."

"What?" He puts a large plastic bowl filled with popcorn on his coffee table and drops himself backward onto the sofa. "What do you expect from a guy?"

"Honestly, I don't know." A sad tinge works its way into my voice.

He leans his head back and looks at me. "I want to ask why that sounds like an honest answer instead of a sarcastic one."

"It sounds like it because it is." I smile sadly and look down at my jeans, picking some lint off them. "I really don't know what to expect. He... Pearce... He gave a new meaning to the words "Always expect the unexpected." He took everything I expected and made me think I was wrong."

"I'm not gonna like this, am I?" Blake mutters, taking my hand and threading his fingers through mine.

"Probably not," I admit. "But... I want you to know... If any of what I'm about to say makes you feel any differently, I won't be offended if-"

He cups my chin and raises my face so we're eye-to-eye. "Abbi, there is nothing you could say to me that would make me feel any differently. Whatever's happened to you in the past is just that. In the past. None of that will make a blind bit of difference to how I feel about you right now."

I nod, silence falling as I try to gather my words. With Dr. Hausen it was easier. My brain had blocked out most of the memories, locking them away and letting them out gradually. Now they're all out. They're ready to haunt me the second I let them.

If I let them.

"I guess I should start at the beginning and tell you Pearce is Maddie's brother. Yep." I hold my hand up to stop him talking. "The Maddie you met. Their mom was killed in a drive-by shooting a few years ago. She wasn't the target - she was just an innocent bystander caught in the wrong place at the wrong time. Maddie was there when it happened, and her death all but tore her family apart. Her dad isn't the guy he was, and Pearce did what most grieving people did; he looked for an outlet for his emotions, a way to ease his pain. In high school it was easy enough, so he started staying out at weekends and partying. Alcohol soon turned to drugs, and casual usage became a full-blown addiction. By mine and Maddie's senior year, he was hooked on heroin, but it wasn't so bad there was no Pearce left in him. Or so we thought, and for some goddamn stupid reason, he and I ended up in a relationship.

"I thought I could help him. I loved their mom almost as much as they did - her death killed me, too - but I was wrong. I didn't know it then. I wouldn't know it for a while. Our relationship started as any other did, until he started talking me into going to parties with him. Maddie came too, and it wasn't until then we realized Pearce needed heroin to survive. He was one hundred percent addicted, needing an almost constant high, and if he didn't get that high, he would turn.

"On his comedown or his craving stages, he was volatile. He was almost evil, possessed with nothing but the need for more of the drug that put him like that. God forbid you got in his way during those times. If you did, it didn't end well for you. He had a barrage of verbal abuse he'd throw at you, and he knew how to throw a good punch." I close my eyes and whisper, "And he didn't care who you were. His friend, a stranger... His girlfriend."

Blake's hand tightens around mine.

"As his girlfriend, I got the worst end of the deal. He was paranoid from using the drugs and he was obsessed with the idea his friends were trying to take me from him. I don't know why it bothered him - he didn't really want me himself. I was more an accessory for him, something to look pretty on his arm. Something to hide the reality of what he was.

"Anyway, the paranoia meant I was barely allowed to leave his side at a party. The few times I was, Maddie had to be there, and then she was lecturing me about leaving him, so I ended up just staying with him. Which meant I was there for every stage of his addiction. His craving, his high, and his comedown. I took the brunt of it all. Verbal and physical. He didn't care who I was in that state. All he wanted was the drug, and it's like he thought I was the one keeping him from it. I was, at first, then I learnt it was pointless because he was going to get it anyway. But I still thought I could save him. I always thought I could save him from himself."

I breathe in deeply, images playing behind my eyes in quick succession, and I open them to stop them. I need to stop the box of memories opening and flooding into me, taking me under, drowning me in pain. I need to pause it, let the words come as I want them to, not as the past does.

"He's the reason you cut, isn't he?" Blake asks me softly, yet angrily.

I nod. "The pain from cutting took away the pain from him. When I cut, I couldn't feel the bruises from the punches or the kicks. I couldn't feel the pain inside from the person I trusted, the person I was sure I loved, breaking me into two. I lived in fear constantly. I had to double check what I was wearing, the way I'd done my hair, how I was acting, who I was talking to, the plans I was making. All of it had to be Pearce-approved. I wasn't allowed to look attractive for other guys or spend my weekends with the girls like I used to.

"Maddie kept trying to get through to me. She'd accepted Pearce for what he was - hopelessly addicted to heroin without an escape in sight. I didn't want to accept that, so I didn't. Or maybe I was too scared to accept it. I think that's probably right, considering how much I feared him. Eventually, she gave up because she couldn't get through to me. I was blinded by the Pearce I remembered and a faint childish hope that Pearce would one day come back. He never did and he never would."

I open my eyes, and Blake holds my hand even tighter, his other fist clenched. His jaw is clenched shut and his eyes are hard.

"I put up with it for so long. All the abuse... The kicks, the punches, the shoves... I hid it every time, relishing the winter when there was always thick sweaters to wear to cover the bruises on my arms from slipping on the ice. No one knew, no one except Maddie, but even then she couldn't prove it. I'd never admit it. I was stuck in a loop; go out, get hit, come home, cut. It repeated itself several times a week until I finally broke. Until he finally broke me.

"His friends were all ass**les, but I'll always silently thank Jake for walking in when he did. If he didn't walk in with the heroin that would calm Pearce, I have no doubt he would have taken it further than he ever did. His temperament, that day, had changed from physically violent to... something worse. You know, I can't even say the words. It's been a year, and he never actually did it, but I still can't say them.

"That's when I decided. I knew I'd never been that scared in my life before. I couldn't cry, I couldn't scream, I could barely even talk. My parents were out of town on a work trip, so I gathered all the razors I could find and snapped them under my foot, taking the blades out. I was scared they'd get blunt and I wouldn't be able to move to get another, that I'd be stuck in some sort of crazy limbo between life and death until I was found. Then I ran a bath, stripped to my underwear, and climbed in it."

The water had been hot, red hot, but I'd barely felt it as I sank my body into the tub. All I felt was the ice cold metal already slicing into my palm where I was gripping it so tightly and the sweet release of my blood breaking through my skin. I opened my hand, looked at the blades, and set them all except one on the side of the bath.

"It was freeing, knowing what I was doing. In my mind there was no way it wouldn't work. There was no way anyone could know or that anyone would find me. I was spurred on by the thought I wouldn't be in pain anymore."

"Weren't you scared?"

"There's no reason to be scared of death if you're already living in hell."

The blade slid across my skin easily, and a part of me reveled in the splitting of my skin and the spilling of my blood. I took the metal from my skin and touched it to a different place, leisurely moving it across my stomach. I watched in awe as my blood mixed with the bath water, swirling and swilling around me.

A part of me knew this was wrong, knew what I was feeling wasn't right, but I couldn't stop. I had to make the pain stop, because that was all I could feel. I was numb physically, exhausted mentally, and drained emotionally.

I just wanted to breathe again.

Blake's arms go around me, and his chest heaves. He buries his face in my hair, and I squeeze my eyes shut as I remember. I remember the sting, the only thing I felt at all, and I remember counting the minutes and cuts, keeping them in time with the other. One cut per minute. One fresh bleed every sixty seconds.

Tears wracked my body, great heaving sobs, and I jabbed the tiny blade into my skin over and over. I wasn't even cutting anymore, I was shredding. I was shredding and mauling my skin like it would make me bleed faster. I sliced my way up my leg to my thigh, where I paused, trying to determine where my artery was. Where I could cut to end it in minutes.

"Then I got desperate. I wasn't bleeding fast enough. I needed to bleed more, faster, harder, deeper. I needed it over, and I needed it over right that second."

I had only a rough idea. I took a punt. I pushed the razor blade into my skin harder than I ever had and tore it up my leg. Blood spilled out of the gash, flooding the water with a brilliant, vivid red, and I sobbed harder and harder. I sobbed for everything I was leaving behind and the pain that would be caused.

But my pain was greater than any that would be caused by my death. No one could possibly hurt more than I was.

"That's the last thing I remember," I whisper, turning my face so my ear is over Blake's heart. The steady thumping calms me. "I passed out from blood loss. I don't know how long I was there for before Maddie found me, but she did. I hate myself for that, you know? I hate that out of all the people in the world that could find me that way, it was my best friend. She'd already watched her mom die in front of her, and I'd left the very real possibility she was going to watch her best friend die, too."

"But you didn't," Blake says hoarsely.

I shake my head. "No. I didn't. She called an ambulance, and they saved me. They told me later about the cut on my thigh, but apparently I'd done enough of a job I would have been dead within the hour if Maddie didn't come."

"What if she didn't?"

"Then I would have haunted her late ass for the rest of her life." I laugh a little. "I used to wish she didn't come, but now I'm glad she did. She really did save my life."

Blake breathes in heavily. "And goddamn it, Abbi, I'm glad she did."

"Me too."

"But her brother or not, I think I might just f**king kill him if I ever see him."

A smile twitches at my lips. "You'll be waiting a while. He's in jail."

"For what he did to you?"

"No. For drugs. Fifteen years. I never went to the police - there was no point. I was too ill to stand in court and I didn't even know he'd been arrested until I came home. He's getting what he deserves. His life is on hold and mine is going on. It's a long, hard slog sometimes, but I'm living. He's just alive."

Blake strokes my hair gently, his fingers threading through the strands, and I feel him press a kiss to the top of my head.

"Bloody right you're living," he says. "And, I promise you, I'll show you exactly what you should expect from a guy."

"Which is what?"

"Everything you could ever want and need. But that rule only applies to you, because we all have to get what we deserve, and you deserve the world and more."

I wrap my arms around his waist and bury my face in his neck. "I already have it."

Chapter Twenty - Blake

The week leading up to our performance is filled with a heady mixture of work, endless dancing sessions, and watching Abbi fight with herself over the choice she's made about us. I see it every time we dance - the things that haunt her are all too real now she's finally let herself talk to me about it. They're so real even I can see them, and they hang over her like the weighty cloud they are.

I've lost count of how many times I've told her we'll slow down and take a step back. I've also lost count of how many times she's told me to shut up.

Today is the first time I've seen her excited. She's practically bouncing on the balls of her feet with a childish smile on her face as we wait outside her house for Maddie, her boyfriend, and her dad.

"So Maddie and Braden met because of a game, right?" I frown.

"Yeah. Both of their friends challenged them to make the other fall in love with them within a month. Kind of coincidental, I know, but hey."

"I'm guessing they both succeeded."

"God, you're clever today." She grins at me.

I smirk, tugging on a lock of her hair. "Don't start with me, Jenkins."

"Or what, Smith?"

"Or this." I grab her and pull her against me, holding her tightly.

"I don't see the problem." She relaxes into my hold.

"Huh. I guess that kind of backfired, right?"

"Yep." She laughs. "Okay, um, something you should know about Braden."

"This doesn't sound good."

"No, it's not bad. He's just... Well, he's kind of obnoxious if I'm honest. He's the guy you love to hate."

"Fuckin' hell, my reputation precedes me again," a guy's voice says from behind Abbi.

"Dollar," Maddie's voice demands. "Now."

"Mads..."

"No. One dollar, Braden."

Braden sighs, digging into his pocket, and looks at Abbi. "You heard this crap, Abbi? She's making me pay every time I swear. My girlfriend and my mother are conspiring against me."

"So she should," Abbi replies. "You swear too much."

"Thank you." Maddie takes the dollar from Braden's hand and tucks it into her own pocket. "Don't worry, it's going to a good cause."

"Sure as hell isn't," Braden mutters.

"Hey, if you stop swearing now, you won't have to take me to dinner at all."

Abbi snorts. "You're making him take you to dinner with the money you're taking for him swearing?"

Maddie beams. "Yep. I debated a pair of shoes first, but thought he should see some of it. Although, the shoe thing is totally plausible. The amount he swears, it'd only take a couple of months to save up for some Jimmy Choos or something."

"You're not buying fu-" Braden pauses. "Fudging shoes with the money you take off me for swearing."

She narrows her eyes, flicking her hair over her shoulder. "I'm debating charging you fifty cents for an almost swear."

I smile into the back of Abbi's head, understanding why Maddie is Abbi's best friend. The girl is bloody brilliant.

"Don't make me threaten you, Stevens," Braden threatens.

"Honey..." Maddie places her hands on his chest and gazes up at him. "There's nothing you could threaten me with that wouldn't hurt you more. Sweet of you to try, though." She pats him and winks at me. "Hi, Blake. Meet my caveman, Braden. Caveman, this is Blake."

"Alright, mate," I say, and we shake hands briefly.

"I will be soon. Abbi, tell me your dad has beer in that house."

"Of course he does. It's the fourth of July. What do you take him for?" Abbi scoffs.

"I told you." Maddie pokes his arm. "Now you and Blake can go inside and find her dad and do guy stuff."

"Tryin' to get rid of me, Angel?" Braden looks at her.

"Me? Never." Maddie turns to me. "Between you and me, I am. He's done nothing but talk about how this is the first Independence Day he's spent not on the beach, the poor baby."

"I swear, Maddie..."

"Yes, Braden, you do. You swear a freakin' lot. We all know."

He takes a deep breath but there's a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. "You know what? I'm gonna go get that beer." He looks at me. "Comin'?"

Go and get a beer, or stay with what looks like Double Trouble. No brainer. "Yep, I'm coming."

We all walk into the house, Abbi and Maddie heading towards the stairs and us to the garden.

Maddie pauses. "Braden?"

"Yes, Angel?" He turns around, a smile on his face.

She twists her lips into an amused smirk. "Be nice."

"I'm always nice." He grins.

~

Abbi was right. The guy is obnoxious, but you can't help but like him. He's honest and has no issues with saying what's on his mind when it's on his mind. Quite like Maddie, so I'm not surprised they have an almost constant comfortable banter that entertains everyone around them.

And, since beer loosens people's tongues, she's already added seven dollars to her collection from him.

"I carry one dollar bills around for that reason," he grumbles, handing over the ninth. "She better pick a damn expensive restaurant, I tell you that."

"She's a girl. She'll have no problems there," I reply.

"Ha! True that." He leans back on the chair. "Better the restaurant than the shoes. She has enough, and half of them are in my freakin' bedroom."

I smirk. "So you guys are at college in California, right?"

"Yeah. I grew up there."

"Why didn't you stay down there for this weekend?"

"Almost did. I would have if it wasn't for Maddie. Fourth of July was her mom's favorite holiday when she was alive. It didn't feel right asking her to stay with my parents when I knew she really wanted to be here. Besides, she misses Abbi like f**kin' crazy when she's at college."

"Abbi's the same about her." I look over at them giggling like two kids.

"They're joined at the damn hip when they're together. I remember the first time I came home with Maddie and she introduced us. Abbi was a total different person, but the second those girls got talking she turned into the girl she is right now. I'm pretty sure she hated me at first, if I'm honest." He pauses. "In fact, I'm not entirely sure she likes me that much now."

We both laugh.

"She does." I watch her as she tucks her hair behind her ear, exposing the side of her face to me. "She's comfortable with you, at least. I can tell."

I can feel Braden's eyes on me, as if he's deciding whether or not to say something. The silence lasts only a minute.

"She's told you."

Not a question.

I nod.

"Everything?"

"In as few words as she could."

"Shit the bed." He exhales and takes his eyes from me, turning them in the direction mine are in. On the girls. "She trusts you."

"I know."

"Nah, man. I mean she really f**kin' trusts you. She could barely tell herself about what she'd been through three months ago, and now she's told you everything. That's important for her, y'know? When I first met her she was a shadow of the person she is now, and she was adamant all she cared about was Juilliard. No guys. She wasn't interested in relationships at all, and who can blame her? That ass**le Pearce f**ked her over good, and if I'd known it all when the shit turned up in Berkeley I would have ripped his goddamn head off." Braden takes a deep breath. "Abbi swore she'd never tell anyone what she'd been through; she was certain the only people that would ever know would be Maddie, Dr. Hausen, and me. She trusts me because Maddie does. But now you know, and she told you.

"I tell you what, dude. She's told you, and that means she trusts you more than just the normal way. She's trusting you with you with her heart and giving you the power to destroy it. After the way Pearce destroyed her, I can hardly f**king believe it, yet at the same time, it's totally believable."

"That last statement makes no sense at all."

"I can't believe it 'cause of how certain she was before, but I can believe it 'cause the whole time we've talked, you ain't taken your eyes off her."

With that sentence, I know he gets it. He gets it better than anyone could.

"Would you take your eyes off if you had a girl like her?"

"You've seen my girl, right?" Braden laughs. "I've had my ass kicked in English more times than I f**kin' remember because she's distracted me. Ever since we met, it was always her. I'd put a bet on it was the same for you."

"Pretty much."

The girls stand, moving to cross the garden to us as Abbi's dad comes out of the house, fireworks in his arms. Maddie's dad follows him out, having showed up an hour or so earlier, carrying just a lighter and whistling. Abbi's mum rolls her eyes at them.

"I wonder when you two will grow up," she muses.

"Never," Maddie's dad declares. "Growing up is far too boring."

"And if we grew up, we wouldn't have an excuse for the antics we get up to on our fishing weekends!" Abbi's dad puts in.

"I don't want to know," her mum mutters to herself.

"By the way, mate." I nudge Braden as Maddie and Abbi approach us. "You owe Maddie nine dollars."

"Fuck." He pauses. "Make that ten."

"Hey." I glance at him. "I won't tell if you don't."

He turns his face toward me, a smug smile gracing his lips. "Know what, man? I think I like you."

Maddie stops in front of us and combs her eyes over me before looking at Braden. "You didn't get your club out, then?"

"For the love of God, Maddie."

She grins, perching on his knee and pinching his cheek. "You're so easy to wind up."

"She's right," Abbi agrees. "So, how much do you owe her?"

"Nothing," he lies.

"Really?" Maddie and Abbi say in unison, looking at me with raised eyebrows.

"Bloody hell, that was creepy," I mutter. "Really. He didn't swear once."

Braden grins, wrapping his arms around Maddie's waist and kissing her cheek. "Looks like we're stuck with McDonald's, Mads."

A loud bang interrupts whatever she was about to reply with, making us all jump. Abbi trips over her feet, falling onto my lap, and I laugh. Both at her and the look on her dad's face.

"S'alright," he calls, turning around and waving us all off. "Lit the damn thing by accident."

Maddie's dad grins, flicking the lighter in his hand.

"Dad!" Maddie yells. "Stop being a child!"

"Again with the growing up." Abbi's mum sighs, looking at me. "You'll get used to these two, Blake."

"No he won't," Abbi argues. "I'm still not used to it and I've lived with it for my whole life."

"Watch it, Princess," her dad calls. "I still buy your birthday presents!"

"I get to dance on my birthday this year," she shouts back. "That's the best present."

Birthday?

"Wait, when's your birthday?" I curl my arm around her waist and poke her side.

"Um, Sunday."

"Performance day?"

"Um, yes."

"Why didn't you tell me?"

"Because Abbi hates birthdays," Maddie replies for her. "For someone who dreams of being in the spotlight, she sure hates the limelight."

"I'm pretty sure I've said that before," I think out loud.

"Damn, you really didn't know?" Braden asks in awe.

"No idea, mate."

He shakes his head. "Shoulda told him, Abbi. You know guys need six months' notice to get birthdays and shi-eeeeeeet right." He glances at Maddie who narrows her eyes. "I said sheet, I said sheet!"

"Mmm."

Abbi smiles. "I hate birthdays. I don't like the fuss."

"How am I supposed to find you something for your birthday in a day?"

"Fireworks!" Both Abbi and Maddie's dad's yell excitedly.

"That's where they get it," Braden mutters.

"I don't need anything for my birthday," Abbi protests, tucking her fingers around mine. "I get to dance on my birthday. There's nothing that can top that."

"Oh damn," Braden says in the same mutter. "Now she's done it."

"Done what?" Abbi looks around.

"You've said nothing can beat dancing on your birthday. That shit is a challenge." He digs into his pocket and hands Maddie a dollar before she's even opened her mouth. "Now he's gonna have to find something to top it."

"No he doesn't!"

"I do," I say. "In one bloody day."

Maddie smiles slyly. "It's a good job I'm here. Blake, what are you doing tomorrow?"

"Apparently, shopping for a present for Abbi."

"No shopping needed. I know exactly what you can get her."

Chapter Twenty-One - Abbi

My hand hovers over Dr. Hausen's door. I know it's not too late to change my mind, turn around, and go. She doesn't know I'm here, and that's both a blessing and a curse. A blessing because it means there's no expectations. A curse because it means I don't have to go in there.

But I do. I know in my heart I do.

So I knock on her door with three short, sharp taps.

"Come in," she calls.

Slowly, I push the door open and step inside the office I know so well. From the motivational quotes framed on the walls to the comfy red armchairs and the mahogany furniture. It's all comforting.

"Abbi," she says, surprise in her voice. "I wasn't expecting to see you today."

"I wasn't expecting to come here," I admit. "But I need to talk to you... Ask you something."

She tilts her head to the side, lowering her glasses. "On or off your record?"

"On."

"Take a seat."

Questions are coming off her in waves as she gets my file and sits opposite me. She opens it, grabs her favorite clicky pen, and settles back in her chair.

"What do you need to ask?"

"You said my recovery would be at my pace, and within reason, I had control of it."

"I did."

I swallow. "Okay. Well, I want to change something."

Dr. Hausen sits up straight. "What would you like to change?"

"My medication."

She pauses. "Alright. You've got my attention."

I cross my legs on the chair and look directly at her. "I don't think I need the highest dose anymore. I think - no, I know, I'm coping better than I was before. I still get the nightmares and flashbacks, but I can deal with them now. I don't feel as if I rely on the pills anymore. They're like a safety net for me and my emotions now instead."

"And you don't think that safety net is a good thing?" She scrawls something on her pad.

"No, it is. But I don't think I need one as big. I'd like to think I could maybe catch myself before I needed that net." I look down and pick some lint off my leggings. "I mean, you said I was stronger than most people in here, right? You said I was the one that could fight it and get better. How can I fight it if there's a wall of cotton wool around me? As long as the pills are there, keeping my crazy in check, I won't be able to fight it. They'll always cushion the fall."

"You realize leaving them behind is a gradual process, don't you? It's not something that happens overnight. In your case, it may take a year before you're fully weaned from them."

"I know that. I'm not saying I'm necessarily ready to give them up entirely. Actually, that's quite a scary thought. I just think I'm ready to step back a little. Take back some of the control you believe I have."

"I believe you have?"

"And me. I've come this far, haven't I? I must have some control over my feelings and my depression. I'm still alive. I have to believe I can control whatever's inside."

Dr. Hausen is quite for a long minute. I look up, and there's a small smile on her face.

"You know your mind better than anyone else. I can look at you and make a medical evaluation, but only you can make a true one. If you believe you're ready to lower your dosage of your meds, then I'm happy to put you down to the next one and see how you go. You know you can change back up anytime, don't you?"

I nod.

"And our weekly sessions will remain that way for now. It's even more important now. Even if all we do is have a coffee and chat about the weather."

I nod again. "I understand. I just... I really feel like I'm ready."

"I'll get that arranged for tomorrow. I can call when they're ready for you to pick up."

"I'll get Dad to come by when he finishes work tomorrow night."

"That'll work. Was that all?"

"Yep." I get up and walk toward the door with a slight bounce in my step. "Thank you." I open it.

"Abbi?"

I look over my shoulder. "Yes?"

Dr. Hausen looks at me, her pen spinning between her fingers. "I have to ask... What's changed?"

I smile slowly and genuinely. "I stopped existing and started living."

~

I fall into Blake's arms in the wings after our dance. My feet lift off the floor as he spins me, my face buried in his neck. I can't fight the smile on my face - it's been too long since I stepped foot on a real stage and danced below the bright lights without a care in the world. It's been a long, long time since I felt that at home.

That alone is the best birthday present anyone could have given me.

Blake squeezes me tightly, pressing his lips to the side of my head. "I hope your mum recorded that like she said she would."

"Why?"

"Because I want to send it to my mum to piss her off," he mumbles into my hair. I laugh, pulling back.

"Mature, Blake. Real mature."

"Oh well." He shrugs, looking down at me with those green eyes of his. Green eyes that suddenly have a mischievous twinkle in them. "Are you ready?"

"Ready for what?" I narrow my eyes.

"To get out of here. We have a place to go."

"We do?"

He nods and puts his hand against my cheek. "I still owe you a birthday present."

"Blake."

"No, Abs. I've got you something, but you can absolutely blame Maddie if you hate it because she organized it all. However, if you love it, you should know it was all my idea."

I grin. "Okay. I'm not gonna win here. Where is my present?"

"It's an hour and a half away."

"That's... Quite a way."

"But it'll be worth it." He takes my hand and leads me to the back of the theatre to the dressing rooms. "Meet me at the back door in ten minutes. Oh, and give me your car keys."

"What?" I squeak. "Why the hell do you need my keys?"

"I don't, and neither do you. I'm going to give them to your mum."

"Why?"

"Just hand them over."

"Okay, hang on." I run into my dressing room, grab my keys from my purse, and smack them into his hand. "I'm starting to get worried about this present, you know."

"Don't be," he says as he backs away from me. "Ten minutes."

I take a deep breath and nod, then shut the door. My brain is whirring with thoughts of what he could have planned, but none of them seem realistic.

And here was me thinking I'd got to nine p.m. without a big fuss. I should be so lucky.

I change from my ballet clothes into my normal ones and pack all my things away. A quick glance around the dressing room reveals I have everything, so I run down the stairs to the back door. Blake's waiting there, two bags in hand - his ballet bag, and another one.

"What's that?" I point to the bag. "Hey, is that mine?"

He smirks. "Come on."

My eyes narrow as I follow him out toward a silver Ford. "You don't have a car," I state.

"Correct. I hired this."

"You hired a car? What are you? A car employer?"

"Uh... Do you say rented? 'Cause this is a hire car to me."

"Yep. We say rented." I smirk. He's so cute. "Freakin' British."

Blake's fingers brush mine as he takes my dance bag from me, his lips curved on one side. "Bloody Americans," he whispers, his eyes boring into mine. He takes the bag and throws it in the trunk, slamming the top down. "Are you getting in?" he asks, walking to the passenger side.

I swallow my smile, fighting my complete and utter amusement, and cross my arms over my chest. "I'd love to, but I don't have the keys."

"You don't need the keys. I'm driving."

"Not from the passenger side you're not."

He looks down, pausing for a moment, and drops his forehead onto the roof of the car. I giggle into my hands.

"Goddamn it. You're all backwards over here!" he cries, walking round the front of the car.

I climb in the passenger side and turn my face toward him. "Just, for God sake, don't forget we drive on the other side of the road to you guys, too."

"Why did I ever think this was a good idea?"

I grin. "I told you not to worry."

He grunts and starts the car up. He eyes the space where a gear stick would be. "Now I'm really glad Maddie made me go for an automatic. I don't think I could use a gear stick with my right hand."

"All our rentals are automatic."

He looks at me. "You know how confusing you guys are, right?"

"Yep. Are you sure you can drive this and get us wherever the hell we're going in one piece?"

"I'm sure. Now, do me a favor and go to sleep or something."

I put my belt on and settle back in my chair as he backs out of the parking lot. "When I've made sure you're on the right side of the road."

"Or the wrong side," he mutters. "Depends how you look at it."

I cover my smile with my hand. "You know where we're going, right?"

He nods. "Google maps. Works every time. Go to sleep, Abbi."

~

The soft brush of Blake's lips across mine wakes me. I smile, stretching out in my seat.

"Are we here?" I flop my head to the side and look at him through sleepy eyes.

He leans over and brushes some hair from my face. "Yes, we're here."

"Um... Where is here?"

His grin is lopsided, and he gets out of the car. I unclip my belt as he opens the door for me and climb out.

"We're in the Poconos Mountains," Blake says quietly.

"We're not even in New York state?" My eyebrows shoot up.

"No. But before you say anything else, I want you to do one thing."

If it's possible, my eyebrows go even higher.

"Look up."

I do. I tilt my head back, and in the darkness, the complete and utter consuming darkness that surrounds us, the night sky is bright with lights of its own creation. The stars are brighter and bigger than I've ever seen them, hundreds of thousands of lights breaking through the darkness.

"Oh," I breathe out, spinning around. They're everywhere, twinkling even through the leaves of the tallest trees. "They're beautiful... But why here?"

Blake takes my hands in his. "You can hide in plain sight here. It's a giant, never-ending Prospect Park. And the stars? Well... The stars, the things you never see in Brooklyn, they're the things everyone never sees about you. And more importantly, they're the tiny specks of light you hold onto inside, just outside. The sky is your depression and the stars are the things that keep you going when you feel the darkness closing in on you. I wanted to give you a visual, something you can keep forever and look at whenever it gets hard."

He drops my hands and reaches into the back seat of the car.

"What are you..." I stop talking when I see the camera in his hands. "Something I can keep forever," I repeat in quiet awe. My tear-filled eyes meet his as he places it in my shaky hand.

"And look at whenever it gets hard. That's my present for you."

"Hope." The tears creep out of the corners of my eyes. "You're giving me hope."

Blake wipes away the wetness falling down my cheeks. "I'm giving you another reason to live."

I turn my cheek into his palm and close my hand over his. "You gave me that the day you walked into Bianca's studio. I just didn't know it then."

Chapter Twenty-Two - Blake

"You have to remember," Tori had said. "To relax. Let yourself fall into the dance, Blake. No, no. Your shoulders are too tight!"

She batted my hands away and walked behind me. She smacked me between my shoulder blades. Hard.

"Ouch! What did you do that for?" I awkwardly tried to reach for the spot.

"Have your shoulders relaxed?"

I rolled them. "Yes."

"Then I did it to relax your shoulders," she huffed. "You won't be able to do it right if you're tensed up. It'll be like dancing with a plank of wood!"

"I don't even have to know this yet!"

"But I do, Blake. I have to get this routine right or I won't be able to dance in the Christmas production. Please help me. Please," she whined, dragging the last word out. Her green eyes blinked at me innocently, and I sighed helplessly.

Of course I would help her. I would learn dance steps four years above my level because she needed me to. She knew I'd do anything for her.

"Fine," I grumbled in the way only an eleven year old could. "But you owe me, Tori. Again."

"I know, I know." She kissed the top of my head. "You're the best."

"Just don't slap me again."

"I won't. I promise - but you have to relax, okay?"

"I get it!"

"No, really, Blake. You can't dance if you're tense, not ballet."

"Your keeping on is making me tense," I said pointedly, folding my arms across my chest.

Tori just smiled. "Only because you're not listening to me!"

"Al-right!" I moaned. "I'm listening."

She ruffled my hair. "You have to dance the way you fall in love; effortlessly, unrelentingly, and with everything you have."

"I'm never going to fall in love," I protested. "Girls are annoying."

"You say that now, but one day you will."

"No, I won't. Ever."

"Everyone falls in love, little brother. At some point in your life, you'll fall in love with someone and when you do, you'll be unable to distinguish the feelings between dance and love. And if you're really lucky, she'll be the dance you fall in love with."

My eyes snap open. I can still hear her voice ringing in my ears and echoing around the small log cabin. That dream was real, all too real, even after all these years.

Ten years have passed since that conversation and I've been waiting since then to prove her right or wrong. I threw myself into dance the way she said - I gave it my all and then some. I planned for the future and I dreamed bigger than anyone I know. I never stopped or gave up on dancing no matter what was thrown my way. Even through my parent's disappointment, I never pushed it to the side. I kept on fighting to dance although it seemed impossible at times.

It seems silly now to look back and think those words came from a fifteen year old girl. What did Tori know about love? She was still a child, whose only true happiness came from the same place mine did - holding onto a barre.

But she was right. She was so, completely right.

Love and dance are one and the same. They're easy, like breathing, and if it's for you then it's natural. There's no second thoughts, no doubts. You don't think it's not for you, not even for a second. In fact you know. You just know it's all you're ever going to need.

Abbi shifts slightly in her sleep, and I hold her closer to me. She tucks her head under my chin, snuggling in.

Abbi is it. She's my dance. I fell in love with her the way Tori always said I would, and it was so effortless I didn't even notice. It's grown slowly, building and transforming each time she's smiled at me or laughed with me. It means I can't walk away, no matter what she tells me, because of the sheer, unrelenting force of it inside. It keeps me tied to her and everything she'd rather hide. It keeps me living, because she's filled a part of me that's been missing for a long time.

She can never replace my sister. I'm not stupid enough to think that, but just because she can't replace her doesn't mean she can't stand alongside her in my heart, and it doesn't mean I love Tori any less for loving Abbi.

I can love them both the same in entirely different ways, all the while thanking the shit out of whoever is in the sky that Abbi didn't follow in Tori's footsteps.

~

"You have to be freaking kidding me," Abbi deadpans, staring at the canoe.

"Would it be funny if I said no?"

"No. No, it wouldn't be. There is no way in hell that..." She looks at me and points accusingly at the canoe. "...Is funny. In any way. At all."

"I guess you don't really feel up to going in it then, huh?"

"Do I look like a girl who goes canoeing? Honestly?"

I say nothing, trying to control the twitching of my lips. She picks up the bright orange life jacket.

"And this. I'm not wearing it. I'm not going on that boat. I hate boats."

"There's nothing wrong with boats."

"If it's not on dry land, there damn well is something wrong with it." She folds her arms across her chest defiantly.

"Well, you do have two options, actually," I say slowly.

"And they are?"

"You put this on..." I take the jacket from her. "...And get in the boat..."

"Nuh-uh."

"Or you put the jacket on and get in the water. Either way, you're putting the jacket on."

Her mouth drops open. "You dare throw me in that water, Blake Smith, and I swear to God..."

I grin. "What?"

She pauses. "I don't know. I haven't come up with anything yet."

I laugh and touch her face. "Abbi, please. Just put the jacket on and get on the boat. I promise it'll be okay."

She narrows her eyes. "Hmmm."

"Please," I beg. "Don't make me do the pouting and puppy dog eyes thing again. You know you have no chance then."

"Why is it so important that I get on the damn boat?"

"It just is. It's part of your birthday surprise, okay?"

She softens a little. "Blake, you've already given me enough."

"No, I haven't." I put her arms in the jacket and do it up at the front. My hands hover over the zip as I look down at her. "When I think about what you give me every single day, I have a lot of things to make up for."

I spin her around and nudge her toward the boat. I grab my own jacket and put it on, moving to steady the boat for her. She steps in and sits down tentatively, looking completely out of her comfort zone.

"I cannot believe I'm doing this," she mutters. "I really can't."

"You don't have to believe it. You just have to do it." I push the oar into the water and move us off into the center of the river.

Abbi's silent for a moment. "So, where are we going?"

"Oh, just down the river a ways."

"That's a vague answer."

"Yes..."

"Blake," she says sternly. "Do you even know where we're going?"

"Of course I know where we're going. I always know where we're going."

"Oh no..."

"I just don't necessarily know exactly how to get there."

She hits the boat. "Blake!"

"What? Don't blame me." I glance over my shoulder into her narrowed yet slightly amused eyes. "Blame Google. They're the ones who haven't developed maps that work in the mountains."

"You... I don't even know what to say." I catch her shaking her head. "We're on a boat on a river in the middle of the Poconos, and we could end up anywhere. I feel so reassured right now."

"As long as we don't end up at the Atlantic, I figure we're okay."

Abbi sighs heavily. "So you say. So you say."

~

I smile smugly at the look on her face.

"You did this?"

I nod. "I told you it would be okay, didn't I?"

"Okay? Okay?" Abbi stares at me like I'm insane. "Blake, you've organized a goddamn picnic in the middle of the Poconos, shadowed by the mountains and overlooking the most incredible lake I've ever seen just for my birthday. And you say it's "okay"?"

"What would you say it is?"

"I don't think I know," she whispers, her eyes filling with softness. "But I do know it's the most amazing thing anyone has ever done for me."

She wraps her arms around my neck, squeezing me. I slide my arms around her waist, smiling.

"In that case, this whole getaway thing was totally my idea. Maddie had no say in it at all."

She laughs into my shoulder. "Nice try."

I shrug, leading her to the blanket and sitting her down. "The getaway was Maddie's idea. The Poconos was mine. Like I said last night, it reminded me of a giant Prospect Park."

Abbi looks around, taking in the varying shades of green on the trees and bushes, the wild flowers dotted around the bottom of them, and the crystal clear blue of the lake. "It is exactly like that." She touches the blanket. "I think I have a new favorite place."

"I'm not coming here every time you need to hide," I mutter playfully.

Her lips curve into a gentle smile. "You won't need to. I think I'll just hide under my covers from now on. It doesn't matter where I go, my past will still find me. I can't fight against it, I just have to go with it. That's the only way I'll ever beat this. Acceptance is key to moving on."

I shake my head slowly, just looking at her, from the curve of her eyebrows to the pink of her cheeks and the tiny curl in her hair to the slight upturn of her nose.

"What?"

"Ever think that the really bad shit always happens to the best people?" I think out loud. "The people that always deserve it the least get hit with the biggest piles of crap."

"I guess," she replies slowly. "But I'd like to think the best people get hit with the bad stuff because they can handle it. What doesn't kill you can only make you stronger and all that. I think I'm stronger for all my bad stuff. At least, I should be since it didn't kill me. No one knows why stuff happens, good or bad, but there's always a reason."

I think about that for a moment. "I guess you're right."

"Well, if I hadn't been through what I have, then we wouldn't have met, would we?"

"I suppose not." I smile. "Good things have to fall apart sometimes, if only to make way for the even better things to fall together."

"Exactly. And as corny as it is, I think I'll choose to believe I had to deal with all Pearce's crap so I could be here today." She looks at me and smiles softly, her eyes wide. "I know it hasn't been easy to be around me sometimes, and that might not change any time soon, but I'm really glad you stuck it out."

"Yeah, well, you are a bit of a pain in the arse."

She raises an eyebrow, amused.

"I mean, you're a total nuisance, and I can never get anything done when you're around because you just distract me, but-"

She grabs the collar of my top and pulls my face towards hers, covering my mouth with hers. I blink, taken aback for a second, before I sink my fingers into her hair and follow her lead. Her teeth graze across my bottom lip, tugging on it gently, and it's not the only part of my body it's tugging.

I move forward and push into her until she lies back. One of my hands supports me as we lower and the other is wrapped around her, holding our bodies together. My body covers hers and my knee slips between hers. She runs her tongue along my lip and f**king hell. This is driving me insane. Her fingers entwine in my hair, holding me to her, and I kiss her with everything I have. I take the kiss deeper until everything else has disappeared. Everything except her soft but strong body lying beneath mine, her tongue stroking mine, and her fingers wrapped in my hair.

"But," I whisper against her lips, kissing her once more. "I can't imagine not sticking it out with you. I'd be crazy if I didn't. In fact, I think I might be a little crazy anyway."

She giggles, my forehead resting against hers. "Then we can be a little crazy together."

I smile widely, a small laugh escaping me. "Always."

Chapter Twenty-Three - Abbi

My eyes follow Blake as he moves around the kitchen with ease. The muscles on his back move as he does, and his biceps flex as he searches through the cupboards. I swing my legs from my perch on the table and laugh as he tugs a bowl from a low cupboard and almost falls backward.

He shoots me a look, smirking, and stands. Ingredients for whatever he's cooking are all laid out on the table next to me, and I clasp my hands in my lap. He's wearing a black shirt, and the open bag of flour is just too tempting...

"God. That was traumatic."

"You got a bowl from the cupboard."

"And?" He steps up to me. "I should have known it would have been in the place I'd look."

"Then you should have looked there first, shouldn't you?"

"You're hilarious." He smirks. I grin.

"It's one of my better qualities. I thought you'd know that by now." I poke his arm.

He weighs out some flour and sieves it into the bowl. "Oh, I do. I just try to ignore your so-called humor."

"It's because you're British," I say matter-of-factly. "Everyone knows Brits have an odd sense of humor."

"I do not."

"You do. And you all talk about the weather too much."

Blake opens his mouth to argue but swiftly shuts it again, nodding. "I'll give you that. Although it is a great conversation starter."

"Better than your lame pick up lines?"

His green eyes flick to me. "Nothing beats my lame chat up lines, and you know it."

"Debatable."

"Oi. It worked, didn't it?" He raises his eyebrows and touches his finger to my nose. His flour-covered finger.

"Did you just get flour on my nose?"

"Um. No." He cracks an egg into the bowl.

I wipe at my nose and white powder falls into my lap. I narrow my eyes at him and shove my hand in the flour packet, throwing it at him. It settles on his hair, his face and his black shirt. A small childish part of me giggles in glee.

Blake stops and turns his head toward me slowly. I smile sheepishly.

"I didn't mean to get that much?" It comes out as a question instead of a statement, and Blake catches his tongue between his teeth. His eyes twinkle mischievously, his smile filling with sass. My own eyes widen.

"Oh no. No. No. No!" I jump from the table and run around it straight into a cloud of flour. I cough and sputter, glaring at him. "That was not fair!"

"Neither was what you did. Now we're even." That spark is still in his eye.

"I don't believe you."

"You're right not to." He throws another handful of flour at me, and I shriek, shaking my head like it'll clear it from my hair.

"Oh, that's it!" I grab the bag from the table and shake it in his direction. He steps back, laughing, and we do a funny kind of dance around the kitchen table. I laugh with him, taking in the way he looks with the flour clinging to him, and wonder how I look. Probably just as dumb as he does.

"Even," Blake repeats, holding his hands up. "Let's call it quits."

"Fine," I say after a moment. "But the flour goes in the cupboard."

"Deal."

I put the flour in the cupboard behind me and turn. Blake's hands frame my face, wet and sticky. I shriek.

"What the hell!"

He backs away, laughing. "Egg."

My mouth drops open and I stare at him in disbelief. "You sneaky jerk!"

The cheek-aching smile on his face makes him look five years younger, and I have to fight my own smile. I dip my hands into the bowl he was mixing in, getting them covered in both egg and flour. The thick, gloopy mixture sticks to my fingers, and I run toward Blake.

"Shit!" He laughs harder. "Abbi. Abbi!"

I smear my hands down his face, covering him in it, and scream. His white hands frame the sides of my face, his fingers sinking into my hair. I grab his arms, feeling like I'm going to fall backward, and close my eyes at the firm press of his lips to mine.

I half-gasp at the intensity of the kiss, feeling it right down to my toes. They curl against the wooden floor, lifting me up slightly, and my fingers dig into Blake's arms. He's never kissed me this way - hell, I've never been kissed this way by anyone, and as his tongue flicks across my bottom lip and he sucks it lightly between his, warmth pools in the pit of my stomach. I ache in a way I haven't for so long, an ache stronger and heavier than I thought it would be when I felt it again.

His hand threads into my hair, and I lean against him. His lips moving over mine both enthrall me and scare me, making me want to hold him tighter and run at the same time as the ache in me just intensifies.

Blake's arm slides down and around my waist, holding me in place and making my decision for me. I let my hands travel up his arms to his neck, and hold onto him for dear life. I hold onto him like I'm drowning and he's the only thing that can keep me afloat and save me.

And I may just be drowning - only this time, I'm not drowning under the pressure of my depression.

This time, I'm falling into my feelings for him, letting them consume me and take me under. I'm drowning in the possibilities of tomorrow, the maybes of us. I'm breathing fresher air than I have in months, dreaming of a future that holds more than just dance.

Because I'm in love with him.

And I feel it. I feel it with every part of me, but I'm not scared, and I'm not even surprised. I think I always knew. I always knew my heart was in his hands, so I go with it. I ignore the screaming in the back of my head and let my heart and my body do the talking.

I know the exact moment the screaming stops and my wants overtake my fears because one of the binds tying the depression to me snaps. Usually it's a slow fray of a rope coming apart, but this was a clean cut, a swift slicing of the steel rods holding the darkness in place.

My back melds against the wall, and I tangle my fingers in his hair, wetness sliding down my cheeks. With each tear that slides from my closed eyes another bit of weight lifts.

"Abbi," he whispers, pulling away and moving his hand from the back of my head. He cups my cheek and wipes the tears away, leaning his forehead against mine. "Don't cry. Please don't cry. We don't have to-"

"I'm not crying for that," I half-laugh, half-hiccup. "I'm not crying because I'm remembering or because it hurts. I'm crying because I'm letting go of that hurt, at least a little. And now I'm crying because I don't want you to stop."

Blake breathes out slowly, his hot breath fanning across my lips. "I mean it, Abs. We don't have to do anything you're not ready for. I'll go and put that bloody chick-flick on and start the pastry again and-"

I yank his head back so he's looking me in the eyes. So he knows I mean what I'm about to say.

"Blake Smith, if you let me go and walk away from me right now to make f**king pastry, I will never speak to you again. Ever."

He blinks at me. "I'm not sure I've ever heard you swear."

"Do me a favor."

"I'm kind of debating not making the pastry again, if you're wondering."

"You talk too much," I mutter. "For five minutes, can you just shut the hell up and kiss me again?"

His fingers cup the back of my neck, pulling me away from the wall and toward him. "Since you asked so nicely..."

He takes my mouth with his again, this time harder, more needing, and I open for him when his tongue flicks against my lips. His hand resting on my back moves down and curves around my ass cheeks, pulling my pelvis against his. An inch of doubt from the darkness flashes in the back of my mind when I feel him hard against my thigh, but I bat it away forcefully.

My head has controlled this too long. My head is what holds me back. Tonight my heart has taken the reins. I'm not thinking. I'm just feeling.

He kicks the bedroom door open and walks me backward into the room. My legs buckle when they hit the bed, and Blake puts an arm out to slowly lower us back. His body settles on top of mine, lean and muscular. I let go of his hair and slide my hands down his back to the hem of his shirt. I curl my fingers around the material, pulling it up, and he pauses.

"Shut. Up," I mumble against his mouth before he can say a word. His whole body shakes as he laughs silently, and I feel the smile on his lips.

"I think I like this side of you," he whispers, kissing along my jaw.

I pull the shirt up his body and over his head, my hands falling back onto hot, smooth skin. His lips travel down my neck, dropping open-mouthed kisses against my still-floury skin, and I breathe in. I breathe him in. And it's not enough.

It hits me too fast. Hits me that I more than just want tonight with Blake. I need it. I need every single bit of him he has to give me. And the only reason I have is that I just do.

It's startling and scary. It's a hard and fast realization, something I can't even comprehend, but I need this. I need him the way I love him - so completely and utterly it'll consume me if I don't give in to it.

His hands take my shirt from my body with the same ease he kisses me with. His fingers unbutton my jeans as deftly as he makes his way across my stomach with his mouth. His eyes comb up and down my body and drink in every inch of me with the same heat that's pounding through my blood right now.

His body falling back to mine has the same force as my leg hooking around his. His tongue is as probing as mine. Everything about us is in tandem, from our movements to our breathing to our silent pleas to each other.

I hook my fingers inside his jeans and tug them down, along with his boxer shorts. His hands hold my waist as his tongue flicks along the curve of my chest, dipping in and out of the cup of my bra. Goosebumps erupt across my skin, a contrast to the heat of his breath snaking across my skin. As his fingers unclip my bra and move downwards, probing my skin until they reach the hem of my panties.

Blake's tongue circles my br**sts, his fingers hook inside the material at my hips, then his mouth moves to my ear.

"If at any point you want to stop, just say the word, and I'll stop. I mean it. Any second."

I nod, turning my face into his and brushing our lips together. I lift my legs as he slides my underwear down them, exposing every part of me to him. Exposing every pounding pulse point. Every throbbing vein. Every begging body part.

Every scar.

He reaches under the pillow and pulls out a small square foil. He tears the packet open and rolls the condom onto himself. I wrap my legs around his waist, gripping his hair tightly, and look into his eyes.

I want to see green eyes as he slips inside of me. Nothing but clear, honest, green eyes.

Pain sears through me for a few seconds as he pushes inside of me. I fight against the cry that wants to leave me and the arch of my back. He stops when he's fully inside resting his body down onto mine.

Blake takes my hand with his and brings it to his face. My wrist touches his lips, and he kisses his way up my arm. He drops my arm and does the same to the other, pressing his mouth to my scarred wrist and arm.

And he looks me in the eyes, slowly pulling out of me and easing himself back in. I open my legs a little further, the discomfort disappearing, and stare into a sea of green. Transfixed on him, I barely hear his words he speaks as I begin to fully take him.

"You're beautiful, Abbi, and so are the scars. Every. Single. One."

And I believe him.

Epilogue - Abbi

One Year Later

I tap my fingers against the table, staring at the envelope in front of me. It's big, and the Juilliard logo on the address label taunts me.

This envelope holds my future. It's the beginning or the end of everything I've worked so hard for over the last twelve months. It's the result of the very thing that started my healing so long ago, and the thing that has kept me going ever since.

It's the thing that lead me to Blake.

And he already knows. He knows he'll be at Juilliard next semester, because unlike me, he's not scared of what's inside the envelope. He tore his open the second I walked through the door.

That was two hours ago.

"Abbi," he says softly. "Babe, you've been sitting there for ages. Just open it."

"I tore the flap," I protest lamely.

"Tearing the flap isn't going to give you the answer you want."

"The letter might not, either."

"You don't know unless you open it."

I purse my lips. "I don't want to know."

He sits opposite me and pushes the letter closer to me.

"I'm scared," I admit, staring at the Juilliard logo.

"I know. But the only thing worse than them saying "no" is not knowing. The longer you leave it the harder it's going to get to open it."

"Do it for me?" I glance up at him.

"I already know what the letter says. It doesn't take a genius to work out."

"But if it doesn't say yes... If there's no Juilliard for me... It'll all have been for nothing." My voice trails off.

"No, it won't have been. And I know you. You'll just go storming back into Bianca's studio, work your pretty little ass off and go back next year to kick them in the teeth with the way you dance."

My lips twitch. "You said ass. Not arse."

Blake smirks. "Bloody Americans rubbing off on me."

I roll my eyes. And sigh. "Okay." I smack my hand down on top of the envelope. "I'll do it."

I slide the envelope along the table and turn it over, exposing the tiny rip in the corner of the flap. Blake looks at it then up at me.

"You call that a rip?"

"Shut up," I mutter, slipping my finger under it. I run it along the length of the envelope and slide my hand inside, grabbing the piece of paper. And shut my eyes as I pull it out.

"Cheater!" Blake exclaims.

"Just... A minute." I take a deep breath. "Can you see what it says?"

"I'm not saying. You'll have to open your eyes."

"I don't want you to tell me. I just want to know if you can."

"I'm nodding or shaking my head."

"God! You're such a kid."

He laughs. "So are you."

"Okay." I take another deep breath and hold the letter tighter, reminding myself it's not the end of the world if it's a no. Like Blake said, there's always another dance and another year to try.

But I want it. I want it so, so badly I can't bear it.

This dream has allowed me to take hold of my past and beat it down, putting it where it belongs in a box only I have the key can hold. This dream has allowed me to live and love again, and it never occurred to me until this morning it might not come true this year. I was so focused on getting to Juilliard, I never thought they might say no. I never wanted to think about what would happen if they said no.

I'm stronger now, I remind myself. I control the depression, it doesn't control me. I faced my demons head on, and while I'll never be normal, I'll always be me, scars and all. And that's enough.

So. I have to take whatever is on this letter and accept it the way I accepted the past.

A third deep breath, and my fist clenches on the table. And I open my eyes.

Dear Abbi,

Congratulations! It gives me great pleasure to inform you that the Juilliard Dance Division and the Committee on Admissions have granted you admission to the Bachelor of Fine Arts program at The Juilliard School for the 2011-2012 academic year.

I look at Blake, tears in my eyes. I cover my mouth with my hand and whisper, "I did it."

He smiles slowly, his green eyes alight. "You did it."

I did it.

THE END.

