Prologue

Music blares through my headphones as I study for an exam in one of my advanced business courses. It's my senior year in college, and I'm so close to the end I can taste it. Taste it. Hah. Considering I want nothing more than to be a chef one day, that's the perfect line. One step at a time though. Finals first.

I move my head to the beat of the music, letting the words on the page rhythmically enter my brain. I'm weird, but that's how it works for me.

Suddenly I think I hear my father's yell. I rip off the headphones and listen.

"Chloe, get yourself down here now!" He doesn't sound happy, and I scramble off my bed, rushing to see what he wants. It's never a good idea to keep either of my parents waiting.

In the kitchen, my father paces back and forth while my mother stands, hands at her waist.

"It's about time," Dad says.

"I was studying." I glance at my mother. Her face is pale, and my dad looks furious. My stomach flips, and I wonder what I did to upset them now.

"What's wrong?" I ask.

"What's wrong? Joseph, she wants to know what's wrong." My mom's voice reaches a high, anxious pitch, and she gestures to the laptop on the counter. "What kind of trash allows herself to be caught on video having sex?"

"What? I have no idea what you're talking about." But my stomach roils, and I know I just might throw up.

My boyfriend, Scott, and I recently started sleeping together. He's my first, and taking that step was a big deal. I might be twenty-two, but I waited. He knows what it meant to me. He wouldn't record something so personal. So special. Would he?

"See for yourself!" My mother points to the laptop again. Steps over in her designer heels and clicks play.

My face flashes quickly across the screen. I recognize the dress. As if in a dream, I see Scott untie the strap on my halter in a move I thought at the time was sweet. Images keep coming. Memories, my memories, flicker across the screen, raw and painful.

I can't bear to watch and I look away.

"Oh no. If I have to see it, so do you," Marion, my mother says.

I fold my arms across my chest, pressing hard against the building pain, and glance at the screen. I try to turn numb as the awful movie continues, my body out there for anyone to see.

"How?" I ask. "Who sent it to you?"

"It's gone viral," my father grits out.

My mother tucks her perfect blonde hair behind her ear. "Violet's daughter showed her, and she thought I should know and be prepared."

What about me? Didn't anyone think to break it to me gently?

I glance at the screen. It's more graphic than I can handle. Devastation and betrayal shoot through me. "Shut it off!" I cry, tears in my eyes.

"Gladly." My mother slams the computer top down, ending that part of my torment.

"I didn't know," I whisper.

"As if that matters. It's a disgrace. Humiliating. How can your father show his face at work? At the country club? How can I?"

I glance at my father. He won't even look at me. My mother has no such problem and glares with utter disdain. I've always felt like a mistake they tolerated in life, and somehow I learned to cope, but this was beyond. Their reaction now held no compassion or sympathy. Just pure anger and disgust.

"What should I do?" I ask, my voice breaking just like my heart.

My father remains silent and unmoved.

"Get out," my mother says. "I can't stand to look at you."

As I run from the room, fresh tears slip down my cheeks unchecked.

Chapter One

Four Months Later

I define my life by the main event. Before the sex tape and after it went viral. It's ridiculous when you think about it. I'm not a household name. I don't have big tits or a big ass. I'm not interesting to look at, yet I can't go anywhere on campus without people staring or laughing. Guys wink and make lewd comments. Girls shake their heads and look down at me.

Get a life, I want to yell at them. Don't you have sex? Just because my jerk ex-boyfriend decided to post us doing it on the Internet doesn't make me a p**n star. A laughing stock? Yeah, I have to live with that one.

I rush home from class, grateful my roommate isn't there.

After the scene with my parents, I decided to give my mother what she wanted and get gone. I asked to live on campus, and they agreed. I'm sure they're grateful to have me out of the house. They jumped on allowing me to leave fast enough.

I actually wanted to go to culinary school, but the parents refused to go for that. They wanted me to get a business degree so I could do something useful with my life. I still want to please them, though I never will, but at least I'll be able to use a business degree if I ever open my own restaurant - another lofty goal of mine. So I am going to graduate in May and get my degree. They're happy to pay for room and board now and pretend the sex tape never happened and I don't exist.

Something good came from the nightmare though. It forced me to take a good look at my pampered life and do something about it. The day I moved out, I found a job. I'm determined to make money and learn to stand on my own and prepare for my future. I work at a restaurant that has a bar and grill on one side and finer dining on the other. It's attached to a hotel in Soho.

Although I spend a good chunk of time waitressing in the bar side, I also get experience filling in in the kitchen and learning from the chef.

I'm in my dorm room and I change for work. Tonight is bar work. Black short skirt, tight black top with a low-neck vee, the words The Tavern glittering across my br**sts. I'm grateful for comfortable black sneakers I'm allowed to wear while on my feet all night.

I glance down and remember I need to change my bra. I switch out the regular everyday one for the pop-up special that gives me just the right amount of boobage. As much as I hate it, I rely on the cle**age for better tips. The more I show, the better the girls look, and the more money I make. It's a hard line to walk, flirting and acting friendly with customers without sending out the wrong message. I might be sex-tape girl, but I don't want guys to think I'm easy just because I just trusted my ex.

Just as I finish tying my shoes, the door opens, and Lacey, my roommate, walks in with her best friend, Jules. "Going to work?" Lacey asks.

I nod.

"I'm using the room tonight. Find somewhere else to sleep," Lacey says.

She's not pleasant. Since, before this semester, I lived at home, I pretty much got stuck with a roommate nobody else wanted when I moved into a dorm so late in the year.

I roll my eyes, not willing to just give her what she wants too easily. "Can't you stay in your boyfriend's room?"

Lacey shakes her head, her long hair whipping around her face. Drama queen.

"Nope. I have a nine a.m. exercise class, and I need to be here to get ready. Deal with it." She runs a hand through her keratin-straightened hair.

Like me, Lacey comes from money and can buy whatever she wants. Unlike me, her parents adore her and think the world revolves around her oh-so-special self. So when she wants our room, she expects me to give it up.

"Whatever," I say, knowing I'll lose this fight. She will lock me out no matter what I say, so I grab a bag and shove clothes in for overnight and tomorrow. I'll just stay with my friend Robin. We met freshman year, and she's the best friend I have here. Not even the sex tape drove her away.

A little while later, I walk into the darkened bar. My boss, Tank, runs the bar side while his brother, Trevor, handles the actual restaurant. They couldn't be more different, and I think that's why this type of setup works. Tank is a teddy bear with a tough name. He's a middle-aged ex-Marine with a big heart and bigger mouth.

He waves at me as I put my things away. "Hey, Chloe-girl!"

"Hi, Tank." I tie an apron around my waist and gather an order pad and a pen.

"Home Yankee game tonight. Hoping for a big crowd." He points to the big screen television behind the scarred wooden bar.

"I hope so too." I could use the tips. I'm lucky my parents didn't cut me off after the sex-tape scandal, but they said one more embarrassment and they'd do it. I definitely believe them.

Which was why I decided it was time to stand on my own - as much as someone whose entire schooling is paid for by her parents can. I know I'm fortunate, and I appreciate what I have. But money can't buy the things that are important, like love and respect. My parents give me neither.

I actually think it runs in the water in the high-class neighborhood where I grew up. We live next door to Constance Ferro, a woman who scares me even more than my own parents, and that's saying something. Her sons are decent guys. I'm closest with Sean.

Once I got past my ridiculous crush on him when I was sixteen and he was twenty-four, he became like the big brother I never had. I think he knew how bad things were in my house and felt sorry for me. I can go to him for anything. He hasn't had it easy. There was a big scandal when he was accused of killing his wife. He was acquitted, but it didn't matter to me. I never believed it and still don't. But everyone else does, and he seems willing to let that stigma stand. Because of that, he hates New York.

The whole situation makes me sad, and I won't give up on him. Until recently, he was rarely in town, but thanks to his on-and-off fiance, Avery Stanz, he's here more lately, and he was around when I needed help after the sex tape aired. Turns out Avery had been through something similar. They talked me through handling things, and he even gave me a quick hug before tucking me into my car. He reminded me to be strong. I am now, and I'm happy to be living on my own, even if it means dealing with selfish roommates and leering college guys.

Over the next hour, The Tavern fills up fast. Tank was right. The baseball game brings in a huge crowd. I rush around taking orders, delivering drinks, and ignoring come-ons. And then it happens. The tingling along my spine and the distinct sense of awareness that tells me he's here.

He doesn't have a name. He's Hot Guy to me and to the other waitresses. And I do mean hot. I noticed him two weeks ago. The first night he came in, he sat in a dark corner in the back of the bar, his gaze obviously on me. I saw the green of his eyes from across the room, and a sizzling sense of awareness rocked through me. His blond hair is longer than on the appropriate guys I used to date, the ones who my parents approved of. Not that I gave them anything for their trouble. No, I saved that present for my ass**le ex, and boy, did he make me regret it.

Back to Hot Guy. I turn, and sure enough, there he is. His gaze burns through me. With his black fitted tee shirt and shaggy sandy hair, he screams trouble, and I've had enough lately. My body doesn't seem to agree, and every time I look at him, a zap goes through me. He's rough around the edges and definitely older than me.

I don't normally react to men on a visceral level, but I've never seen one like him. He's so freaking sexy, and while other guys have to work hard for my attention, he had it from the get-go. I'm just not sure he wants it. Talk about mixed signals. He stares at me but doesn't make a move. And since he never sits in my station, I take that as a hint.

He's not interested. I ignore the dip in my stomach and assure myself this is a good thing, since after the sex tape, I've sworn off all men.

Hours later, my legs ache and I'm rubbing my back when Tank yells for me to take a break. I'd go out back for fresh air, but I don't like to walk alone to my car after work as it is. The restaurant clientele is long gone, and the bar crowd isn't always safe. I'm not going to tempt fate by hanging out alone out there during a break when any sleazeball can come by and harass me.

Harassment happens anyway. I serve a rowdy group of guys I recognize from the university. One in particular is handsy, and he annoys me. I'm serving their second round now, and I hope it's their last.

I lean over the table to place drinks in front of the far end when I feel a hand squeeze my ass. "Let go," I say through clenched teeth. "Unless you want to see where Tank got his name."

His friends whistle and make fun of him for getting turned down.

"She's a tease and a cunt," the guy mutters. "Everyone knows she's a slut. See?" He pulls out his phone.

I know what's coming, and I cringe as he plays my sex tape for his friends to see. I straighten my shoulders and ignore him, swallowing back tears. I need this job, no matter how big of an ass he is. I can't make a scene, but I can deliberately wait to serve the jerk last.

"Guess you're not up to her low standards," his friend says, laughing.

I place the last drink in front of him, slamming it hard. Beer sloshes over the sides, onto the table. I already lost any shot of a decent tip with this group, so I really don't care.

"Hey, bitch, you spilled on me," the jerk says as he jumps up, his hands balling into fists.

I look from the liquid that drips off the table to the nice wet spot in the center of his jeans. Then I grin. "Yeah? Maybe it'll cool you off, lover boy." I turn and walk away without looking back.

This night sucks and can't end fast enough.

"Rough time?" Callie, another waitress, asks. She's older than me and bulkier. I think she works out in her spare time. I'm not sure. I don't know her that well. Since I split time between school and work and study when I can, I don't have time to socialize outside of work.

I nod. "A bunch of drunk ass**les over there." I jerk my thumb in their direction.

"Want me to take the table?" she offers.

I smile at her. She's one of the nicer people I've met here. "Nah. I can handle them. But thanks."

"I feel bad. I've got the hot guy in black, and you've got the ass**les."

I shiver at the reminder. "He's still here?" I've been too busy to focus on him.

"He is. And he asked about you."

"He did?"

Callie nodded, her smile wide. "He asked if you were involved with anyone."

I blink in total surprise. Butterflies take off inside my stomach. Though I shouldn't, I glance over my shoulder. He's watching me. As if he knows we're talking about him, he raises his bottle in acknowledgment.

"See?" Callie's voice rises in excitement for me. "He's nothing like the immature guys who normally come in here. I bet he doesn't even know about you and ... you know."

I've already confided in her. I had to during my first week, when someone called out insults and I felt the need to explain.

"Not saying the words doesn't change the fact that it happened. Sex tape. You don't think he knows that I'm a p**n star on the Internet?" I feel the disgust and self-loathing I normally keep at bay slide into me.

According to my mother, now no decent man will want anything to do with me. But who says Hot Guy is decent, a little voice inside me asks. Maybe he's a bad boy who would be interested in someone like me. Someone who makes stupid mistakes and bad choices.

You've sworn off men, the more rational side of me argues. I rub at my temples.

"He's not in college. Chances are he has no idea. Now stop being so hard on yourself." Callie picks up the drinks Tank places on the bar and sets them on her tray.

"Tell me you'd be patting yourself on the back for a job well done if you were me?"

She laughs. "Chill. That's all I'm saying."

We go back to work. The night finally comes to an end. I'm the last one to finish wiping down my station and get myself together. I think I'm moving in slow motion thanks to the exhaustion seeping through me. I make sure my cell and tips are in my purse, sling it over my neck and shoulder, and start to head out.

Tank is on the phone, arguing with his girlfriend, when I wave good-bye. He winks at me and goes back to his conversation.

I walk into the parking lot. I live in the city and could take the subway, but that scares me more at this late hour than parking back here. Besides, if my parents are willing to continue to pay for the car and parking by the dorm, I'm not about to argue. The time will come when I give up the rest of the luxuries they provide, but I'm not ready. Not yet.

The humid summer air wraps itself around me, unwanted and uncomfortable. The cool breeze of my air conditioner is so close. My small BMW sits close by in a darkened corner. I wait until I reach the door before hitting unlock on the remote. A sense of unease ripples through me as I reach for the handle.

"Hey, bitch."

And now I know why.

Bile rises in my throat, and I grip the car handle. Do I open it and try to jump in to escape? I don't think I'd make it inside.

My heart's pounding hard in my chest. "What do you want?" I ask.

"What you so willingly give in that video. I won't let you make a fool of me in front of my friends," the rude guy from the bar says.

He grabs my arm and wrenches me away from the car. I kick out at him, catching him in the shin.

He merely laughs. "You like it rough?" he asks, going directly for my skirt and yanking it down over my hips.

Oh hell no. I reach back to punch him like the Ferro brothers taught me when I was younger, but before I can throw down, he's on the ground, being beaten by none other than Hot Guy, and he's not letting up.

I scream for him to stop. He doesn't listen. It's like he's on autopilot and won't give up until the guy on the floor isn't just bruised and battered but dead. I can't let that happen.

"Stop!" I yell again, and since I can't grab his arm without getting hit or jabbed by his elbow myself, I jump onto his back. My only focus is to stop him from killing the ass**le who attacked me. "Enough!" I yell in his ear, my ribs taking the brunt of each punch as he draws his arm back over and over.

My screams finally seem to penetrate, and he stops beating the crap out of the other man. I slide off his back and plop down onto the hard ground beside him. He's breathing heavily and so am I.

He flexes his bruised fingers. A glance at the other guy tells me he's beaten to a pulp and out cold.

Suddenly I'm shivering as I realize I'm nearly naked in the parking lot and alone with a man capable of violence. I glance at the prone, bloody body and gag before turning away.

"Don't look," he says in a gruff voice.

"I won't."

He rises and strides over to me and holds out a hand, offering to pull me to my feet.

"I need to fix myself first." I want to yank up my skirt, and I don't need him watching me.

"Go ahead." A slight grin tips the edges of his mouth, and his gaze never leaves mine.

"A gentleman would turn around."

"A gentleman wouldn't pound your attacker into the ground."

I didn't like the reminder. I wait, giving him a pointed glare.

Finally, he huffs out a laugh and pivots around. I rise and fix my skirt, adjusting myself until I'm comfortable. Then I spin back to face him.

"We need to get the hell out of here." He jerks his head toward the now-moaning man on the ground.

"I think I should call 911."

He shakes his head. "Not on your life. Let's go." He grabs my hand.

Electricity sizzles up my arm, zaps my brain, and settles into strategic body parts no man has reached before. "We can't leave him here."

"Unless you want me going to jail for defending you, you'll put your sweet ass in my car."

I frown at him. "I can drive myself home."

"I take it you didn't notice he also slashed your tires?"

"What?" I suck in a shallow breath, a combination of anger and disbelief shooting through me. I stalk to my car in the dark corner and bend down near the tires. Now I notice the flats.

"Seriously?" That ass**le. I perch my hands on my hips. "How did he know which car was mine?"

A sexy smirk lifts Hot Guy's mouth. I really wish I didn't notice, but even with little lighting, how can I not?

"You're the only one in that bar who reeks of money. Even in that waitress outfit, it's obvious you have class."

I find myself oddly flattered. I hear my parents telling me that I'm too stupid because I trust too easily. And this guy's proven he's dangerous. But he was dangerous on my behalf...

Still. I shore up my defenses.

"Come on. Get your sweet ass into my truck," he says. Another order. "I'll take you somewhere safe."

With no choice, I nod. "Fine. I'm safe in my dorm room." Except I remember my roommate won't open the door and let me in. I also don't want Hot Guy to know where I live. Safety first, after all. I mentally roll my eyes considering I'm already in over my head.

I chew on my lower lip. "You can just drop me off outside my friend's place," I say, changing my mind.

He lets out a frustrated groan. "We can debate this on the road. But I'm not just dropping you anywhere. I'll make sure you get inside safely." He prods me toward the other side of the lot, settling his hand on my lower back.

Forget zaps. Laser points of heat settle between my thighs. I really thought I was past responding to any man. But Hot Guy isn't just any man.

"Before I get into that truck with you, I need to know your name."

He shot me an exasperated look. "Zach."

"Do you have a last name, Zach?" I annoy him with my question. It might have been on purpose, but I really do need his name. Of course, since I can't tell anyone else his name, I might be taking it to my grave. But I don't think so.

Yes, I am going with the instincts that made me a p**n star.

"Anders," he grits out. Then, before I know what's happening, he lifts me up and carries me the rest of the way to his truck.

"Hey!" I slam my fists against his back, but he's strong, and it doesn't faze him.

"I'll beat a man up for you, but I'm not going to prison because you want to talk my ear off." He leans over, pulls the seat belt, and snaps it in place.

He smells delicious, like musky, sexy man, and I do my best not to sigh in approval.

He puts the key in and turns the ignition. The truck roars to life, and he starts out of the parking lot. I immediately give him the address to Robin's apartment. Then I take out my phone and dial.

"What are you doing?"

"Calling 911."

He slaps a hand to his head, grumbling something I miss. I anonymously report the beaten-up man in the parking lot and disconnect the call.

"Feel better?" he asks.

"Yes. At least he'll get medical help." I glance out the window, too aware of the man's large presence in the front cab of the truck.

"She'd have to be an angel," he mutters. He grips the wheel harder, winces, and eases up.

"Does it hurt?" I ask softly, knowing his hands must be sore. He defended me, and I haven't thanked him.

"I can handle it."

I want to help. "Do you happen to have a first-aid kit in here?" I open the glove compartment and am surprised when I find one. I pull out some antibiotic cream and gauze.

He ignores me.

A few minutes later, he pulls up to Robin's address and parks the truck. I know he intends to walk me to the door, so I reach for him first. "Let me see."

His hand is so much bigger than mine, long fingers, calloused from work, and he's warm to the touch. I turn his palm down and run my hand over his bruised knuckles.

He sucks in a breath. Shudders as if he's affected by the contact. And suddenly I'm hot too.

"You didn't have to go that far with him," I say, speaking of the beating he gave the other man. I lift Zach's hand and blow gently on the battered skin, hoping to remove any dirt before I dab some cream onto a gauze pad.

"He shouldn't have touched you," he says in that tough voice.

"Why do you care?" I swallow my fear and ask the question that's been lingering on my mind for weeks. "Why do you watch me but never sit at my station? Never talk to me?" Until tonight.

He hesitates. "Conflicting desires," he finally says, the words a puzzle.

I look up, confused. I expect to see his green gaze on me, but he's staring out the window into the dark night. I wonder what he means, what tears him up inside, but I don't ask. It seems too personal, and if he wants me to know what he's thinking or feeling, he'll say.

I take in his strong profile, noting that even when he's scowling, which is most of the time, he's handsome, in a gruff, take-no-prisoners kind of way.

"You're hot, Princess."

I blink, surprised at his sudden admission. Embarrassed and pleased at the same time.

"I don't like that dark parking lot. I kept an eye out until I knew you were safely in your car."

Oh. My. Stalkerish or sweet? Maybe a little of both. I'm intrigued by him. I force my attention back to his hands and gently wipe the antibiotic cream onto his knuckles. Taking care of his injuries is the least I can do to repay him for saving me.

I lean down and blow on his hand again. His big body trembles, and I suppress a grin. I like knowing I can affect him too.

Finished with my lame attempt at first aid, I crumple the gauze in my hand.

"Just leave it. I'll throw it out later."

I manage a nod and get ready to leave. "I can wave from the doorway." I gesture to the walk-up building where my friend lives. I'd texted her earlier to let her know I'd be coming. Too late, I realize I left my bag for the morning in my car. Nothing I can do about it now.

"Nope. Inside safe. That's what I said, remember?" Before I can blink, he's out the door and walks around to my side of the truck.

I push the door open, slide out, and allow him to walk me up the steps. He props an arm against the glass pane beside the doorway and stares at me with serious eyes.

"Thanks for the ride. And for the save." I glance down because I sound like an idiot, but what do you say to the guy who- I don't want to remember what he did to the jerk who accosted me. I'd rather just consider him my hero without thinking about the gory details. Or his intense reaction to my being attacked. Or the fact that he'd been watching out for me.

He tucks a finger beneath my chin and forces my gaze to his. "You okay?" he asks, his voice like sandpaper, gravelly as it scrapes over me, bringing a distinct sexual awareness with it.

"Yeah," I whisper.

"I'm glad. Now, think I can get your name?" he asks, those sexy lips tilting upward.

I grin. I can't believe I demanded his and never gave mine in return. "Chloe," I say as I ring the buzzer to Robin's apartment.

He nods. "Pretty name."

My skin prickles with awareness. He leans in close, his lips inches from mine. "Get inside safe, Chloe." His breath tickles my lips, teasing me with his delicious scent. I wonder if he's going to kiss me. Against all common sense or reason, I want him to.

The buzzer sounds to let me in before he gets the chance. He straightens and pulls open the door before I lose the opportunity to get inside. "Sleep tight, Princess."

I shiver and step into the hallway. He walks away, and I watch until he's at his car. Even his swagger is a turn-on. One thing I know, sleep is the last thing I'll be able to do.

Chapter Two

I wake up on my friend's couch the next morning. Robin has already left for work. It's Saturday, and I don't have classes, but I do have to study. And get my tires fixed. I have two choices. I can call AAA or BMW Roadside Assistance, but then my parents will find out since I'll need a credit card and they'll see the bill.

Or I can ask Sean to help me.

I choose Sean. He won't tell my parents, and he'll lend me the money for the tires and repair. I call. He's curt and sounds busy, but he doesn't rush me off the phone. I quickly explain my situation, omitting the part about being attacked in the lot.

"I'm sorry to bother you but-"

"Just text me the address where you left the car. I'll have it handled, and the car will be returned to you good as new."

"Thanks, Sean. You're a good guy," I tell him because he needs to hear it.

"You know better than that." His answer is predictable. And wrong.

He has more important things to deal with than an old friend with car problems, yet he agrees to help. And he refuses to discuss money and my paying him back. That's my definition of a good guy. At the very least, he's good to me. I hope Avery is worthy of him. He needs someone who cares in his life.

"You need a ride home? A car in the meantime?" he asks.

"Nope. I made other arrangements," I fib because I don't want to put him out any more than I already have. "Thanks again." I hang up before he can ask me specific questions about how I plan on getting to and from work, dorm, and classes. This is my chance to learn how to handle the bus and the subway.

From here, it's a fifteen-block walk to the dorm, and I exit the brownstone. Robin left me shorts and a tank top and a pair of sneakers to wear, which I appreciate. I don't have too many close friends. Growing up, I was isolated, thanks to my parents' inability to see the good in anyone except people they chose for their money or connections.

I met Robin when I started at the university, and we clicked immediately. She doesn't understand my rich people problems, as she calls them, but she gets family dysfunction, and as a result, she gets me.

I step outside and the fresh air surrounds me. After a not-so-decent night's sleep on the sofa, I can almost believe the surreal parts of last night never happened. Until I lay eyes on Zach Anders.

He leans against the brownstone railing. The morning sun hits his hair, making the blond strands even more noticeable and his green eyes even more striking. His arms are folded over his broad chest. He's wearing a light blue tee shirt that molds to his toned body, and I am sure if I take his right hand in mine, his knuckles will be bruised and raw.

I shake my head, accepting that everything I remember about last night really occurred. No dream, no nightmare, or combination thereof.

"Hey, Princess," he says. "Can I give you a lift?" His gaze travels over me in blatant appraisal.

I feel his stare on my bare legs and thighs, on my tingling br**sts beneath my top. Even the hair on my arms prickles and lifts in awareness.

I swallow hard. "I was planning to walk."

He raises an eyebrow. "Now you don't have to." He points to his truck. In the light of day, I see it's black and definitely fits his macho image.

"Why are you here?" I ask, remaining two steps above him, safe from his magnetic pull. For now.

"Because I left you stranded here and figured you'd need a ride."

I blow out a breath and start down the steps, walking past him. "I'm good, but thanks."

He walks with me, matching his long stride to mine. "Where are you off to?"

"I'm going back to my dorm."

He clears his throat. "How old are you, anyway? Say you're legal or I might have to throw myself in front of a taxi."

I roll my eyes at his dramatics. "Twenty-two."

He grins. "Perfect. Want to get breakfast?"

He's in a good mood this morning, no signs of last night's trauma lingering for him. I, on the other hand, had flashbacks all night.

"Why?" I ask, stopping on the sidewalk.

His eyes crinkle in amusement. "Because I'm hungry."

"No, why are you here wanting to spend time with me?"

"Is it so hard to believe I'm interested in you?" he asks.

When those words come from his perfect mouth, I realize there's no way to answer without insulting myself. I do it anyway. "Yes, it is."

He frowns. A seriously angry expression on that handsome face. "Who gave you the idea you don't make one hell of an impression?" he asks, clasping my hand in his.

I don't have any intention of answering that. "Who gave you the idea you're so irresistible I'm going to say yes?" I pointedly stare at our intertwined fingers. His large, tanned hand holds my smaller, paler one. I can't tear my gaze away from the contrast or how protected he makes me feel.

It's weird and inexplicable. I worry I can't trust my instincts anymore, but I really like him, and I don't want to say no.

"Come on. It's just a meal. I haven't eaten yet this morning. How about you?"

My traitorous stomach chooses that moment to grumble loudly.

He laughs and I blush.

"Guess that answers that. Come on. I want pancakes."

I sputter and find myself walking along with him. Of course my hand is still in his warmer one, and I like the sensation. Uh oh. What happened to swearing off guys? And this is no guy. He's a man. All man.

But he doesn't know about the sex tape or he'd be leering at me the way the rest of them do. And he seems genuinely interested in me. And sweet, if you don't count last night's incident. And even that was nice in a protective kind of way.

"So how much more of school do you have left?" he asks.

"Just this last semester."

"What's your major?"

"Business," I say. "But that's not my life plan."

"No? What is?" He sounds genuinely interested.

I smile. "I have a minor in culinary arts." This I slipped past my parents. To be a sous chef, I need courses in nutrition, food safety and sanitation, and supervisory management. Add in the business classes there and I'm golden. "I want to be a chef." Saying the words out loud makes my goals that much more real to me.

"Really? Sounds great," he says.

He seems interested, so I continue. "When I graduate, I need to find full-time work for an accredited supervising chef, and that's no easy task. There's one in the tri-state area, at The Westchester Country Club. It's insanely exclusive, and they're not currently looking."

He chokes, and I pause, waiting for him to catch his breath. "Are you okay?"

He takes a long sip of water and nods. "I'm fine. Go on."

"Well, even if they were looking for an apprentice for their chef, I can't see why they'd hire me over someone who's already had experience in big kitchens.

"You never know." He glances at me, warmth in his gaze. I want to think I see approval too, and my body heats up in the best kind of way. "Things turn up when you least expect it."

I shrug. "I hope so. Either way, I'll keep working my way up. I plan to get certified."

He nods in understanding. "So you're majoring in business because..."

I glance away. Admitting the truth minimizes my desires and shows I'm still too young. I raise my chin a notch. "My parents wouldn't pay for culinary school, which would have sped up the process and enabled me to find the right jobs more easily. I figure if I want to own my own restaurant one day, I need the background."

He nods. "Solid plan. I like to cook too."

I'm surprised. And pleased we have something in common.

"We're here," he says before I can reply.

He stops in front of a typical city diner, holds open the door, and I step inside. The place is small, booths along one side, each with seating for two total, tables for four along the middle, and more single booths. Behind the counter, delicious-looking pastries tempt me.

He chooses one of the booths in the back, and we settle in. He sits across from me, but the booth is small, and our knees touch beneath the table. I shiver unexpectedly.

Before we can begin talking again, a waitress approaches. "Coffee?" she asks in a cigarette-roughened voice.

"Yes, please." I wake up craving caffeine.

"Me too."

She pours into the waiting cups and disappears.

"So why a chef?" He takes a sip of his coffee. I notice he drinks it black.

I add milk and one sugar to mine. "Well ... if I wanted to eat, I needed to learn to cook. My parents were always out at the country club or at business dinners. Mom didn't worry much about me. There was always cereal in the cabinets but..." I shake my head. Whenever I speak of my childhood, I have to do it over a painful lump in my throat.

He stares at me through hooded eyes. I don't want him to feel sorry for me. Poor little rich girl. I push on. "Anyway, I watched cooking shows. And I learned." I draw a deep breath. "I'm good at it, and I love cooking. Especially delicious breakfast foods. You?" I don't want to talk about me. I'd rather learn about him.

"I want to eat, so I learned to cook. Like you, I enjoy it."

I grin. "That's cool," I say. "So what do you do for a living?"

"I dabble."

I sip my coffee, unsatisfied with his answer. "What does that mean exactly?"

"I'm in business ... and I have my PI license, and I'm good at digging up information." A shrug. "People hire me for this and that."

"And you make a living that way?" I cringe. I was raised better than to blurt out what's on my mind.

Instead of being annoyed, he bursts out laughing. "Yes, Princess, I do. You'd be amazed the things people will pay to find out."

"Huh." I lift my coffee and take another nice long sip of caffeine. Then another.

Closing my eyes, I lean back and enjoy the burnt brew because I know, no matter how lousy the taste, the lovely caffeine will soon begin to flow through my veins. I moan softly at the thought.

"Don't do that."

"What?" I ask as my eyelids snap open.

"Make sex noises in public. You do and you'll find yourself against the nearest bathroom wall." He's staring at me, those green eyes darkened with need.

Oh. My. God. He wants me.

My mouth runs dry. I mean, he's been keeping an eye on me at night, he saved me, saw me home safely, and showed up again this morning. Any normal girl would have caught on quickly. I'm not normal. Never have been.

And there's that naivete showing itself again. It's not that I thought he was just being friendly, and I knew there was attraction between us, but this. It's a burning heat the likes of which I've never experienced.

The boys I've been with were just that. Boys. He's all man, from the darkened stubble on his handsome face to the muscles bulging in his forearms. This morning I catch sight of a tattoo I didn't notice in the dark last night.

I open my mouth, and to my mortification, a small squeak escapes instead of a coherent word.

He grins, but those heated eyes remain on mine. "I shocked you."

I manage a nod. "In a good way." A burning flush rises to my cheeks. I can't say anything right around him.

"You're nothing like I thought you'd be," he mutters, and he doesn't sound happy about the thought.

I squirm in my seat. "When you were watching me at the bar, you mean?"

"Something like that. You're sweetness and light. And you remind me of someone," he says, his voice suddenly sad.

I know immediately he's not talking about an ex-girlfriend. No, he's thinking of someone close to him, someone he lost. Instinct has me reaching for him, and I place my hand over his.

I sit quietly and wonder if he'll say more.

"She was honest and trusting like you."

"She was special to you," I say.

He inclines his head. "My sister."

A painful lump rises to my throat. I don't know what happened to her, and I'm afraid to ask. Whatever it is, it's affected him deeply.

"She trusted some bastard and he hurt her. Badly. She's never recovered."

"I'm sorry."

"Me too." He pulls his hand away and waves for the waitress.

Discussion over. I respect the boundaries he's set and take a quick look at the menu.

"What can I get you?" the older woman asks. She looks at me first.

"Egg-white omelet with spinach and American cheese."

His lips lift in a grin. "Figures. I'll have the AM Special." He hands her his menu along with mine.

"Bacon with that?"

"Yep."

"Home fries?"

He nods.

She pockets her pad and walks away.

I look at him and shake my head and laugh. "What comes with the morning special?"

"Scrambled eggs and a double stack of pancakes."

And bacon and home fries. I can't help it. I grin.

"What? I'm a growing boy."

"You're no boy," I say, and my eyes immediately widen. I've done it again. Open mouth and pop out the thing on my mind.

"No?" He folds his arms on the table and leans across from me. "What am I?"

A hot-blooded man. That I manage to keep inside. "I-"

Before I can reply, the trilling of my cell saves me. I pull it from my small purse and answer immediately. "Sean! I didn't expect to hear back from you so soon."

"I sent my guy to deal with your car. Looks like someone beat me to it. You've got two new tires." He sounds harassed, and I feel bad he's dealing with my shit for no reason.

"I'm sorry. I don't know who would..." My gaze falls on Zach. He's staring and he's not happy.

I have no idea why his mood suddenly changed, but something tells me exactly who took care of my car.

"I'm really sorry you sent someone for no reason," I tell Sean. "I think I know who handled things. I just didn't know he'd do it."

"He?" Sean immediately latches on to the one word in the sentence that matters. "A friend of yours?" he asks, his tone dark. Concerned.

"Yes." I don't mention Zach's a new friend or that his intentions are so much more than that.

"Be careful, Chloe. Men don't do surprise favors like that for women if they don't want something in return."

I lose all the moisture in my mouth. Staring at my hot guy across the table, listening to my old friend's warning, I wonder if I'm letting my too-trusting nature lead me down a stupid path. Again.

"You hear me?" Sean asks.

"I do. And I appreciate the heads up. Thanks again, and I'm sorry for the hassle."

He says something that sounds muffled to my ears, and a female voice speaks up in the background. "Is that Avery?" I ask.

"Yes. She also says watch out."

"That's not what I said!" she calls out. "I said it's sweet that a guy would help you that way. Sean always thinks the worst." She's obviously grabbed the phone. "Be careful but enjoy life."

"Don't listen to her," Sean mutters. "You think before you act. Call if you need to." And then he disconnects the call.

I laugh at their byplay, place the phone on the table, and glance at my companion.

"Friend of yours?" he asks, his voice a deep pitch I've never heard from him before. He almost sounds ... angry.

I sit back in my seat, Sean's alert sounding in my brain. "Old friend. Neighbor, actually." I'm not giving him any information. Sean's a private man, and I don't know Zach or what he wants from me.

"Guy friend." Zach pins me with an eerie glare.

"Old. Friend." I'm not playing this weird game.

In a flash of insight - yes, I occasionally have them - I realize Sean's right. I need to be careful. I barely know this mercurial man who inserted himself in my life, and his new mood scares me.

I wonder if there's a way to extricate myself from this awkward situation when the waitress arrives and places our plates in front of us. "Can I get you anything else?" she asks.

So much for escaping before the food arrives. "No thank you."

Ignoring Zach, I pick up my fork and dig into my breakfast. We eat in silence and I don't look up.

"Sorry," he mutters.

The one word takes me off guard. "What?"

"I realized you were on the phone with another guy and I acted like an ass."

"Oh." He was jealous?

My shoulders slump in relief. Stupid me, but his apology goes a long way toward repairing the damage. "Sean's my neighbor. We go way back. I used to have a crush on him when I was a younger," I admit with a lot of embarrassment, "but he was too old for me then and only ever thought of me like a sister. Now he's like a brother to me. And I called him because I knew he'd help me without telling my parents anything." At the thought of my parents finding out about me being attacked or having my tires slashed, I stab at my eggs.

"They're already dead, Princess," Zach says, his mood suddenly lighter.

"Yeah." I laugh. "Can I ask you something?"

"As long as you're still talking to me, you can do anything you want." His heated eyes are back, but he visibly braces for my question.

I have two, actually. "Well, first, did you fix my tires?"

"Of course." He says like it was an expected occurrence.

Which brings me to my second question. "Why?"

"Because they needed repair if you were going to be able to drive it again."

"No, why bother? With the tires, with me? Why the sudden interest?" I ask the question again.

"You really don't know?" Zach asks, bringing me back to my original question. Why is he so interested in me?

I shake my head.

"From the minute I saw you, you affected me. In here." He points to his chest. "Inside. You're f**king gorgeous, for one thing, you have a smile for everyone no matter how tired you are when you work, and I wanted to get to know you better."

"But you stayed away."

"Because you deserve better than me," he says, his tone deadly serious. "I'm not a nice guy."

"You could have fooled me."

"You bring out the best in me." He grins, but I sense a glimmer of truth in his words.

Zach Anders is not what he seems. On the outside, he's a big, hulking hot guy. When he wants to be nice and take care of me, he's shown me in less than twenty-four hours, he can. And will. But I saw the dark side of him unleashed last night. There were other ways to have handled my attacker, but once Zach had gotten started, a switch had flipped, and there'd been no turning it off.

I glance at his hand for the first time. His knuckles are red, bruised, and raw. A reminder of the darkness I'd been pretending didn't exist.

I glance at him and see he's waiting for a reply. I don't have one ready. "What do I owe you for the tires?" I ask instead.

Because if I know one thing, it's that my car's tires are expensive. I can't cover them with what I earn in a week at The Tavern. Which means I'm back to asking Sean for a favor - this time, money. Clearly, keeping the car wasn't such a bright idea. If I wanted independence, I was going to have to get rid of the luxuries my parents still provided.

"You don't owe me a thing. I wanted to help and I did."

I run my tongue along my lips. A mistake, I realize immediately, as Zach's gaze zeroes in on the action.

"I'll pay you back," I say.

His eyes narrow. "You can try."

I'm not in the mood for an argument. These last few minutes, added to last night's events, drained me. I wipe my mouth with the napkin. "I think I'll take that ride to my car." I want to go home and catch a nap in my own bed, assuming the roommate from hell isn't around. Then I'll head to the library.

"Sure thing." He signals for a check.

I try to pay, and he shuts me down flat. "What kind of guy lets a woman he invites to breakfast pay her own way?"

"Thank you." Even as I speak, I wonder. Is he being nice because he genuinely likes me and wants to get to know me better? Or does he want something more? Clearly, he wants me. He wants sex. And when I look at him, so do I. He's hot, he's been great to me, and he's hot. Yes, it's worth mentioning twice.

But to men, sex is easy. To women, at least to me anyway, sex comes with a price tag. It affects my emotions. I have to have feelings for someone I sleep with, and ass**le ex was my first. Clearly, he betrayed me in ways I still haven't come to terms with. Because I'm looking at Zach and wondering if he, too, has an ulterior motive.

It doesn't help that Sean's words ring in my ears. Men don't do surprise favors like that for women if they don't want something in return. And as decent as he is to me, Sean Ferro isn't always a nice guy to the outside world. He knows what he's talking about.

Zach Anders is still an unknown. If he wants me, he's going to have to work to get me. I won't let a man fool me again.

Chapter Three

Zach

I'm a first-class bastard, and she's too sweet, too nice to get involved with an SOB like me. To my credit, I almost changed my mind. More than once.

First I watched him. And I waited. I knew my time would come, and it did. The day he walked Chloe out to her shiny BMW and gave her a long hug before seeing her safely into her car, I knew I'd hit pay dirt.

Didn't take me long to run her plates and discover her parents live next door to his mother. She obviously knew him for years. Some more digging and I know she's got as messed up a family as he does. Nobody really has her back. That would work to my advantage. Then I discover the sex tape. Fucking perfect. She has a weakness I can exploit.

I know she won't want another rich guy in her life, and luckily, despite my wealth, I don't show it. So she has no idea I can compete with the likes of Sean Ferro any day.

I knew I'd have to seduce whoever my target would be, resigned myself to it, but I didn't expect her. Didn't expect to be so attracted to her I wanted her more with every breath. Long blonde hair and large blue eyes that take in everything all at once. Cute, upturned nose and a curvy, sexy body combined with an innocent lack of awareness of her effect on men. She's the whole package.

Attraction I can handle. It's a bonus considering what I want from her. But I didn't anticipate liking her so damned much too. There's no guile inside her. Not a deceitful bone in that sexy body. I've learned to read people, and she's special. It took me too long to find an opening to approach her because I didn't want to find one. And when I did, my first instinct was protection, not payback.

Then she bent over my hand and blew her soft breath across my knuckles.

The almost kiss. Her breath warm and sweet against my mouth.

When I mentioned my sister - a stupid, stupid move - she was all compassion.

In a way, she reminds me of Grace. The girl she used to be before that bastard used, abused, and smashed not just her spirit but her mind, body, and soul. I don't care if my sister, Grace, had turned down a wrong road, he still broke her.

I clench my fists and immediately release. I can't afford anger now. I'm in the parking lot of South Oaks, the mental institution, and I need to walk into the hospital with a clear head and only positive vibes.

As it is, I never know what I'll find when I go inside. A vacant, empty shell staring into space or a hysterical, wild woman who needs to be sedated. I press hard against my temples and the growing headache. I caused the hysteria the first time Grace broke her silence. We were walking in the garden. She tripped and fell. I leaned over her to help her get up, and she lost it. Shrieking, screaming. Fucking screaming at the top of her lungs.

Get off me. No. No. No. Her hands over her head as she curled into a tight ball. The memory made me gag. So did her long, rambling recounting of what he did to her. Those had been the first words she'd spoken in years. Nothing since. And they were enough to drive me to make things right.

Somehow, he will pay. I will make him suffer the same pain I'm in every time I think about my beautiful sister. I know I need to break someone he cares about, but those people are too few and far between. His fiancee is protected. I can't get near her. There's only Chloe, who doesn't deserve what I have planned.

A nice guy would stay away.

I can't.

But Chloe's strong. She handled me pounding that bastard into the ground without too much female hysteria. Which makes me believe somehow she will bounce back from what I have to do.

Chapter Four

The next night at work, Tank gathers the waitresses together for a talk. "We had an incident in the parking lot."

I tense. Tank knows about my car since it stayed in the lot overnight. I play it off. He asks if I saw anything or anyone and I deny it, telling him that by the time I walked outside, my tires were slashed. It's the truth as far as it goes.

"Just want you girls to be careful. If you need me to walk you out, say so," he says in his gruff voice.

He doesn't mention the guy we left in the parking lot, and neither do I. I'm sick about it but let it go.

That same night, I ask Zach, and he assures me it's been handled. There won't be any blowback on him or me. I don't know how that's possible, and I don't want to know. He obviously knows how to handle himself ... and other things. It's something that makes me feel protected when he's with me and nervous about him when he's not.

He's with me often.

Over the next few weeks, Zach steps up. Just not in the way I hoped. He's my bodyguard. My shadow. I'd even call him my friend. He meets me at my dorm before work and follows me in his car. After a couple of times, I gave in, and now he just drives me to The Tavern. He walks me inside and sits at my station now, and I serve him drinks. He always waits for me to get off work and escorts me to his truck, his hand warm and sure on my back, setting off fireworks everywhere in my body.

I want him to make a move, but he never does.

Does he not want me? It's easy to think that's the reason, but I see how he looks at me, like he wants to devour me. At this point, I wouldn't say no.

I sigh and bend to retie my sneaker.

"What's wrong?" Callie asks. "You seem distracted and down tonight."

Am I that transparent? I lean against the bar. It's halfway through the night. I have hours to go, and I'm feeling frustrated with him and with myself. "I don't understand what's going on with him." I refuse to look over at Zach. Callie will know who I mean.

"Problems with your shadow?" she asks.

"Why does he do that? Hang around and not make a move?"

She shrugs, but her perceptive gaze rakes over me. "Maybe you and your sweet self intimidate him?"

I blow out an annoyed puff of air. "Why do you say that?"

"You can't change who you are. Not even a sex tape can take away from who you are deep inside." She wraps an arm around me in a brief hug. "It's not a bad thing," she assures me.

"Then why does it feel like one right now?"

"Because you want him. Which means you're going to have to make the first move." She waggles her eyebrows and makes me smile. "Trust me, he's not going to turn you down."

"Ladies, get back to work!" Tank yells from across the bar.

Callie winks at me. "You can do it."

Nerves churn inside me at the prospect of taking Callie's advice, but I will. I'm so primed and ready from being around him all the time that I'm surprised my lips haven't found his by now.

The good news is the next few hours fly quickly because I now have a plan. I'm finally finished, but I pause in the bathroom to freshen up before I head out. Just in case things go the way I want them to.

I step into the darkened bar. Tank has shut off the front lights.

"Ready, Princess?" Zach asks.

I've grown used to the nickname, and I like the sound rolling off his lips. I collect my bag and nod, and we walk out the rear exit, his hand against my back. I try not to shiver, to read too much into the now-familiar touch.

"You don't need to do this every night. I'm pretty sure you made your point and nobody will bother me again."

I want him to at least admit there's something more between us before I make a complete fool of myself. My hands are sweaty, and I wipe them together as I wait for his reply.

"I thought we talked about this already. I want to," he says as we reach his truck.

I turn to face him. I can't rise onto my tiptoes to get closer to him without my intentions being obvious. Still. I lean into him. "Why?" I ask.

He looks startled. "Why what?"

"Why do you want to? Because you feel sorry for me? Because I don't need to be your charity case."

He frowns. "Where is this coming from?"

I sputter with frustration. "Where did you come from?" I challenge right back. "One day you're here at the bar. A few weeks later, you save me. And after that, you're my constant companion. I keep asking what your deal is, and you give me all these compliments. So either you're in desperate need of a friend or-" I gather every ounce of courage I possess.

"Or what?" he asks, his tone dangerous.

"Or you want me."

His eyes narrow. His cheekbones pull tight. "You're the one pushing me," he says. "Unbelievable."

I straighten my shoulders and meet him head on. "Well, someone has to make a move. I can't do this anymore. Either you're in or you're-"

He cuts me off by pressing his mouth against mine. Pretty darned effective if you ask me. I'm stunned, and then I'm just in the moment. His lips are warm, his taste minty. He's gentler than I would expect as his lips move over mine. Soft and supple, he's tasting me and it's heaven.

Every time I inhale, I breathe him in, and it's delicious. He's delicious, but he's still hesitant, and I can't imagine why. I dart my tongue out and lick the seam of his lips.

With a groan, he picks me up, and suddenly my back is against the truck, his big, hard body pressing into mine. Warmth that has nothing to do with the summer air rushes through me. This is what I've wanted. What I've been waiting for. The kiss turns possessive. A tug on my hair tilts my head and positions my mouth so he can dive in. And he does. His tongue thrusts against mine, learns the deep recesses of my mouth. I'm trembling and grab onto his shoulders to steady me.

Touching the muscles in his upper back reminds me there's more for me to explore. While he devours my mouth, I let my hands roam over him, up his neck, and into his hair. It's like silk, and I love the feel of the golden strands sliding along my fingertips.

He nips at my lips, and I feel the sensation in my br**sts and between my thighs. My hips buck against him, and I'm needy in ways I've never experienced. My sex feels swollen and wanting. Now I understand what it means to feel empty and to want more.

I shake and tremble, my hips grinding against him, seeking relief.

"Easy," he says as if he knows what I'm feeling. His hand strokes my cheek to calm me.

Not possible when I need him so badly. I reach down and cup his thick erection in my hand.

He lets out a sexy groan. "You do crazy things to me."

"Yeah, well, you sure managed to hide it."

He hikes my skirt and slides his hand between us. His fingers begin to stroke me through my damp panties.

Oh God. I arch into his touch.

"You're wet for me," he says, sounding pleased.

I whimper as he moves his hand around. "Want me to take the edge off?" Without waiting for a reply, he begins to circle my sex with the heel of his hand.

Sensations spark brighter inside me, and I'm shaking against him. I know the explosion is coming, and I want it more than anything. A small part of me realizes we're in a parking lot, but it's dark. Nobody else is around. And the way I'm feeling, with how close I am, I wouldn't care if we had an audience as long as he makes me come.

I hear a high-pitched moan and realize it came from me. I bite my cheek and press my face into his shoulder. He doesn't let up the insane rotation of his hand. He's working me perfectly, and I'm rocking against him. I'm wet, feel myself getting wetter.

"God, Princess, you feel good. So hot."

"For you," I manage to say, but my mouth is against his warm neck, and I mumble.

He lets out the male rumble. "That feels good. Bite me there."

I'm stunned. I'm so close to coming I'm near tears at the intensity of sensations flying through me. And maybe some emotions too.

"Do it," he says, his hand still swirling around my sex.

Oh God. I press my mouth against the side of his neck and brush his skin with my teeth. And when he gives one final thrust of his hand, I shatter, pulling at his hair, as bright flashes of light hit behind my eyes and my entire body soars.

I'm out of breath, and I don't know how much time passes before I'm ready to look at him.

Finally I pull my face from the crook of his shoulder and meet his gaze.

"Hottest f**king thing I've ever seen," he tells me with a grin. His eyes are molten on mine.

I duck my chin down. I'm not a sex goddess, contrary to what that tape implies, and this isn't normal behavior for me. Now that the deep need has passed, I'm embarrassed.

"Hey. Look at me." He turns my chin with his hand. "That was awesome."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah." He grins.

Just like that, I'm back with him again. "So why didn't you go for it sooner?" I ask.

He tips his head back, and a full-blown laugh I don't think I've heard before rumbles through him. I like the sound.

"How about we just go with what's happening now?" he suggests.

"And what is that?" What happens after a guy makes a girl come apart in the parking lot? I wonder.

"Up to you. My place is in Queens. Not far by car."

I blow out a breath of relief. "Okay."

He doesn't wait for more. He lifts me up so I'm forced to wrap my legs around his waist, and he walks around to the passenger side of his truck. Next thing I know, I'm settled into the seat, buckled in, and we're on our way.

He doesn't give me time for nerves to kick in. He immediately reaches for my hand and settles it onto his thigh as he drives. It's possessive and hot, and too many emotions ride through me.

I remind myself not to read more into tonight than hot sex, but it's hard given how attentive he's been over the last few weeks. Why would a guy invest so much time and energy into me if there weren't something meaningful there? If it was just sex he wanted, he could have gone after it weeks ago.

As for me, yeah, this is happening fast. And maybe I have sworn off men. But he's not just any man. My heart seems to know him. And if I seem too trusting, well, I'm going with my heart. It's never felt this way before.

He drives uptown and through the Midtown Tunnel. We're in Queens, not a borough I know well. Soon he pulls up to a small house in what appears to be a fairly decent area.

I'm surprised he's in a house, not an apartment. "Have you lived here long?" I ask.

"My grandfather owned the place for years. He left it to me when he died a couple of years ago."

"I'm sorry."

He shrugs. "Life."

"Yeah," I say, not sure how else to acknowledge that sad bit of truth.

He helps me out of the truck and guides me to the front door. "This is it." He opens the locks with his set of keys and lets us inside.

He flips on lights, and I take in the small house. There's an entryway and a den with a big-screen television. To one side is a pass-through kitchen.

He tosses his keys onto a table in the den. There's not much in the way of decor. A leather couch, a table with papers spread all over. A bookshelf lined with mysteries.

I notice a photograph in front of the books and step over for a closer look. In a four-by-six frame, there's a picture of a woman about my age, her hair about the same color as Zach's. She has a wide grin on her pretty face, her arm around a younger Zach as he glares for the camera. They look too much alike not to be related.

I feel him come up behind me, his body emanating heat at my back. He clasps my forearms in his hands.

"Your sister?" I ask.

"Yeah. That's Grace."

"She's beautiful."

His fingertips tighten against my skin. "She was."

I swallow hard. "What happened? If you don't mind my asking."

Stunning silence surrounds us, and I sense his tension reverberating from inside him. "You don't need to tell me."

"We didn't grow up with much money, but we did have loving parents."

I'm immediately struck by how opposite our lives have been. I grew up with money but no love. Zach had love but no money. I'd take his situation any day.

"Mom died of cancer when I was sixteen," he said. "Grace was eighteen."

He doesn't turn toward me, and I think that maybe it's easier for him to open up without facing me. "I'm sorry," I say softly.

"Thanks." He pauses before continuing. "Dad was a plumber, and he sort of drifted after that. He retired early. He didn't have much saved and ended up in Florida. Grace went to school on loans. I held down part-time jobs until I graduated high school, then went to college the same way, on loans and scholarship."

I wait, knowing the worst is yet to come.

"Problem was, Grace didn't come to me when she needed money. Instead, she started working as a call girl, for a woman named Miss Black."

I blinked, startled. I try to turn around, but he anticipates the move and holds me in place, his hands on my shoulders. I'm right. It's easier to talk without looking at me. I allow him this.

"Go on." I don't judge his sister. It's not my place. I just listen. I mean, who knows what I'd do or who I'd turn to if my parents cut me off completely.

He exhales long and hard. "Obviously I didn't know, or I'd have stopped her. She told me she was working as a hostess. I was so busy with getting my PI license and trying to take care of myself, I just believed her."

I bit the inside of my cheek. "What happened?"

"He- I mean, a client happened."

Now Zach's fingers bite into my forearms. I wince from the pain, but I want to know the story, not interrupt and remind him that he really doesn't want to share.

"The son of a bitch liked to find a girl's weak spot, play into it, and f**k her until she was screaming in panic and fear."

I almost gag. "That's awful."

"Grace went missing for a while, and that's the first time I really used my PI license. When I found her, she was wandering the streets, almost completely nonresponsive. Dad came up from Florida, and we put her in a mental hospital. South Oaks."

I close my eyes at the pain lingering in his voice.

"Luckily my grandfather left a small inheritance, and between that and what I can add, it helps keep her there."

"You're a good man. A good brother." I spin around before he can stop me. "Thank you for sharing." I cup his cheek in my hand, go up to my tiptoes, and kiss his lips softly.

I mean to comfort.

He needs more and grabs my wrist, pulling me to an open door. We're in his bedroom. He doesn't bother with the light, just lifts me onto the bed and comes down over me. "You still want this?" he asks roughly.

He wants to forget. It's so obvious he's looking to annihilate the pain and lose himself in sex. Too bad I already know what's between us is more than that, and I believe he knows it too.

I nod, though I'm trembling. "Yes. I want you."

He stills above me as if that's the last thing he expects to hear. I lift my shirt and pull it over my head and toss it to the floor.

His gaze falls on my exposed br**sts. I'm wearing the bra that makes the girls extra perky, and he notices, nodding appreciatively.

He leans over and switches on the bedside lamp. "I need to see you."

I smile. "Works both ways. I want to see you too." I tug playfully on the hem of his tee shirt.

The darkness is slowly leaving him, and I want to keep him here. With me.

He takes the hint and removes his shirt, throwing it onto the floor with mine. I imagined him naked. I didn't even come close to the reality.

His chest is bronze, tanned from the sun. His abdomen is flat but for the well-defined muscles that only come from working out. A light dusting of hair sprinkles his upper body, and I reach for him, splaying my palm across his chest. His skin is hot, and he groans at my touch.

"Skirt off," he says, shifting off me, giving me room.

My eyes never leave his as I unsnap and work the skirt down my thighs. My panties are drenched. It's embarrassing and surprising at once. My ex had to work hard at getting past the awkwardness, and it still hurt. Now? I can't wait to feel Zach glide inside me. I moan at my thoughts.

"Sex sounds." He shakes his head and grins.

"Right time and place this time." I bat my eyelashes.

His deep laugh makes me feel good, and I know I've totally distracted him.

His gaze rakes over me and falls to my skimpy bikinis. "I'm sorry. Did I forget to say get naked?" he asks, his voice rough and gravelly.

I immediately wriggle off the tiny scrap of fabric.

He looks down and sucks in a deep breath. "I knew you were bare, but look at you."

My cheeks heat. He's more vocal than I expected, and he says things that make my body burn. This isn't easy for me despite how much I want him.

"What's wrong? Not used to sex talk, Princess?"

I shake my head. "Did I mention there's only been one guy and he basically screwed me over afterwards? I swore off men. And then I met you." I find myself baring my soul.

Kinda fits since I've bared my body.

At my words, his gaze darkens, and I think he likes what he's hearing. I'll only admit so much right now. I don't want to talk about the sex tape. One day I'll confide in him, but for now I don't want to bring that ugliness between us. Still, I think he should know he's not getting an experienced woman.

"I don't want experienced, Chloe. I want you."

"That's good." I reach up and thread my fingers through his. "Because you make me want to try and trust again."

He lets out a strangled sound, leans down, and seals his lips over mine. He kisses me possessively, as if he likes my revelations and what they mean for him. Unable to resist anything about him, I kiss him back. Our tongues tangle, lips mesh, and I'm immersed in everything that is Zach - until he breaks free.

He rises and immediately strips off his jeans, taking his boxer briefs with him. "See? Implied." He winks and climbs back on the bed, his muscular body gliding over mine and settling in.

Sensations bombard me as his thick erection pulses against my sex. The roughened hair on his chest grates against my ni**les, causing a delicious kind of friction that is unbelievably arousing. But when he dips his head and touches his nose to mine, the sweet gesture unravels me. I want him to own me, to possess me. And when his lips cover mine, he does, kissing me thoroughly, as if I mean something to him. As if I mean everything. I'm so lost I can barely summon the will to warn my galloping emotions to slow down.

He rocks his hips over me, and I see stars, but it's not nearly enough. Nothing will be enough until he's inside me. I spread my thighs, making room for him and hoping I'm giving him a direct signal to hurry up and make things happen.

"In a rush?" he asks. "Because I'm not. I intend to explore every inch of this hot body before I make you mine."

I shiver at the words. My stupid heart soars at the implication - the one I want is probably the one he can't possibly mean. But a girl can hope, and despite everything in my life, I've always hung on to promise and possibility.

He pushes himself lower, dips his head, and licks at my nipple. His longer hair falls around his face as his mouth pulls the taut bud into his mouth, and I thread my fingers through the strands. But I can't hold on because there's a direct connection from my breast to my sex, and suddenly I'm pulsing and needy, my hips moving desperately beneath him. He merely switches sides, moving back and forth between my br**sts until I'm senseless with desire.

Then I hear the rippling of protection, and he's back over me, his hard length pressing inside. All the while, he's kissing me, his lips soft and arousing. The feel of him inside me is everything I've dreamed of and wanted. He braces on his hands on either side of my head and pushes in deeper.

I suck in a shallow breath. It's been awhile, and I'm not experienced, so it hurts at first.

"Shh." He continues, slow and easy, his thrusts shallow, his lips gentle on mine.

My body responds, and quickly he's gliding in and out, and I'm soaring at the sensations he's awakening inside me. It wasn't like this last time. This is glorious and amazing. Our bodies are in sync, and I'm reaching heights that are incredible.

"You feel so good, Princess."

I can't find the words to respond. He doesn't seem to care. He likes to talk during sex, and he's whispering hot, dirty things in my ear. Things that make me wetter, more aroused. But he also tells me how I make him feel. What he wants to do to me next, and my sex grows slicker, and he's pumping into me with ease.

I rock against him, match him move for move, arching my back. I'm mindless, loving the feel of his hardness over and inside me. And I'm building toward something huge, something big, and I reach for it, my fingers digging into his shoulders, my moans loud as ecstasy washes over me. It's glorious and intense, and I'm totally gone by the time I hear his groan and feel him collapse over me.

I wake up in an unfamiliar bed, a warm, hot body surrounding me, and immediately remember last night. I'm not used to sleeping with anyone, and I'm surprised by how comfortable I am with Zach. How well I slept.

I glance over my shoulder. From the look of him and the cute snoring sounds, I had the same effect on him. I grin, happy in a way I haven't been in a long time. I hope we're not uncomfortable with each other when he wakes up, but I assure myself we'll be okay. He's easy to be around. And because of the deep pain he exudes about his sister, I know he's a man whose feelings run deep. A man with depth. I like that too.

I like him.

"Have you been awake for a while?" he asks, his voice rough with sleep.

I tingle at the sound, memories of hearing him rumble naughty things in my ear coming back to me. I press my thighs together, but I only make the sudden ache grow.

"I haven't been awake too long," I say.

"But you're up and thinking." He pulls my hair off my face and nuzzles his lips against my neck.

I purr like a contented kitten. "I prefer to call it remembering."

He rolls me to my back and comes over me, his big, gloriously naked body hovering over mine. "Are you sore?" he asks.

I blush. I know I do. My cheeks are hot, and I'm embarrassed. "Does it matter?" I am, a little, but it's not something I'd talk about with him.

"It does if we're going to do it again."

That's when I realize he's hard and erect and he's pressing against my aching but aroused flesh.

"Do you always wake up ready to go?" I ask, then close my eyes. There I go again, speaking what comes to mind.

He laughs, the vibration sensitizing me even more. "I'm a guy, so yes. But with you in my bed, I'd say I'm even more ready." His gorgeous eyes darken further.

And then he takes me to heights that surpass even last night's.

Chapter Five

My life isn't perfect. Never has been. I thought it never would be. One chance meeting, one special man, and one month later, things are different. Life is sparkling and bright. I see everyday images with a new eye. The blue sky and the white, speckled clouds add a lightness to my step, and even the dingy dorm room and my sucky roommate don't seem as bad these days.

Maybe it's because my bodyguard now comes with benefits. I chuckle at my joke as I hang my bag on a hook in the back room of The Tavern.

"Someone's happy," Callie says, joining me. She, too, is placing her belongings in their places.

"Maybe someone's getting lucky," Mark, a busboy who has a bad habit of eavesdropping, says, butting into my business.

"Go away," I say to him. I don't want to discuss my private life with someone I barely know.

He rolls his eyes. "You two are no fun."

"Go find friends," Callie tells him.

Until he learns boundaries, I don't see such a thing happening. But he listens for once and walks out of the room, mumbling to himself about cliquey women.

"Seriously," Callie says, studying me with care. "It's great to see you with a new light in your eyes."

"Thanks," I say. Callie's a sweet woman.

She's older than me, and she has wisdom I'm still hoping to develop.

"He seems to really be into you."

I shrug. "I hope he is." Because I'm really into him.

Like, really into him. As in, I think I'm falling hard. A month has passed since we slept together for the first time, and we've really bonded. He meant it when he said he liked to cook, and I spend more and more of my off time in his Queens house. Since the area is so small, there's a lot of hip bumping and grinding, which I know is intentional. It's fun and sexy, and I feel so good about him, us, and the direction of my life. And it's about time.

My classes are almost over. Finals are coming up in two weeks, and graduation looms like a big, shiny beacon. It won't mean the complete end of my attachment to my parents, but if I can find a job, I'll be closer than not to self-sufficient.

I've been sending out resumes and applying for apprentice-type jobs in decent Manhattan restaurants. It's a stretch to think I'll get one that way. One of my professors knows my goals and promised to talk to some people he knows in the industry and see if they can find me a training position. I hope a connection comes through by graduation. I can work a day job for pay and learn at night. The Tavern hasn't been helping. I haven't worked anything except the bar in months, despite Tank's brother's initial promise of kitchen training.

In my most daring dreams, I want to own a specialty breakfast shop where I can cook my own recipes that I've been working on and perfecting since I turned sixteen. I have an entire handwritten book of ideas, and I know exactly what I would want the place to look like and what I would want to serve. It would be any breakfast lover's dream. I've even gone so far as to share my hopes and dreams with Zach, and he hasn't laughed at me. Instead, he encourages me to believe.

For now, I'm serving drinks though, and I start going through my night. But I'm taken off guard when I find Sean sitting at the bar at The Tavern, staring at me through hooded eyes. All six feet of him dwarf most other men. I used to take one look at his dark hair, blue eyes, and muscular body and melt. Now I prefer one blond, built man who has consumed my every thought. Still, Sean's here to see me, and I signal to Callie to take over for me.

Curious and confused, because Sean has no time for anyone or anything, I walk toward him. "What are you doing here?"

He scowls, as if annoyed that he's here at all. I suppress a grin and don't tell him I appreciate him coming out to see me. It'll just make him uncomfortable.

"So?" I ask.

His gaze rakes over my outfit, and his frown deepens. "I want to meet this guy you've been gushing about."

My cheeks burn with heat. "I don't gush."

"I beg to differ. I call you this morning to make sure there haven't been any more incidents at work, and all you can talk about is this Zach guy. Does he have a last name?"

"Anders," I say and look toward Zach's usual seat. The seat he's had since we've been together.

The chair is empty. Now I'm the one frowning.

"Anders." Sean narrows his gaze.

"What?" I snap, not liking the look on his face.

He shakes his head. "Nothing. At least not yet. Don't get over-involved with him. I'll have him checked out."

"You'll do no such thing!" I yell.

Suddenly there's a big hulking presence beside me. My boss, not my ... boyfriend? What is Zach to me anyway? We've never defined or labeled it. Suddenly I want to.

"Problem?" Tank asks.

I shake my head. "Just a family issue," I say, glaring at Sean. "I can handle it."

"Five minutes and back to work." Tank strides back behind the bar, but he points two fingers, gesturing between his eyes and me and Sean. He's watching out for me.

I find it odd that suddenly Zach's nowhere to be found.

"Introduce me to this guy who never leaves you alone." Sean folds his arms across his chest. The muscles in his forearms bulge ... not even a quiver from me.

I glance around quickly. "He had to leave tonight. Emergency," I say.

Again, he narrows those cold eyes. Good thing I know I'm exempt from the chilliness there. "I don't like it. And I'll be in touch."

I roll my eyes. "Yes, big brother."

He smiles. It's quick and brief but I catch it.

"Don't do anything crazy. No digging into his background. This one's different." I'm sure of it.

"Everyone's got secrets, Chloe. I'm just going to make sure his can't hurt you."

I shiver at his words. Unnecessary words. Words that don't apply to Zach.

Except it's not like him to disappear without telling me. So ... where has he gone?

I ask him as soon as he returns to his seat, not long after Sean's gone home.

"Got a call from South Oaks." His eyes are cold, and I shiver.

"Is everything okay?" I ask, worried about his sister.

"Yeah. Fucking perfect. Think I can get a drink?"

I blink and spin away, pissed that he thinks he can talk to me that way for no good reason, and for the next twenty minutes, I proceed to ignore him.

Of course, that doesn't mean Tank or Callie ignores him, so someone serves him a drink. He broods while I work, and I have no idea what's come over him, but my feelings are hurt, and I'm upset.

Even if I have to spend money on a taxi, I'm going home alone. Except when my shift ends and I head out front hoping to avoid him, he catches up to me. "Where the hell do you think you're going?"

"Home. Alone." Of course, it's late, and the patrons are gone, so no taxis are driving by, just cars, which means I'm stuck with him.

I step onto the side of the road for a better look, and he yanks me back. "You're going to get hit. Come on. I'm sorry."

"Really? Again?"

To his credit, he looks away.

"Listen," I say, more gently this time. "I understand that you have personal issues. I have them too. But you can't take them out on me."

He swallows hard, and it's obvious he can barely meet my gaze. "I'll work on it."

I suppose that's the best he can do. "Good. I'm tired. Can you take me home now?"

He nods. We're almost at my dorm, a place I won't have to see in another few weeks, when he looks over at me. "I think we just had our first fight." He pulls up in front and puts the car into park.

"I think we did." Despite my lingering annoyance with him, I grin. "Guess you'll have to make it up to me," I say, batting my eyes and sliding out of the car before he can make a move to kiss me.

Yes, I'm making him work for it.

Chapter Six

Zach

There's no way out. Unless I want that bastard to forget what he did to my sister and live a guilt-free life, I have to go through with the plan.

I've stalled long enough. I didn't even push Chloe for sex right away because I couldn't bring myself to sleep with her, knowing what I planned. So I put it off. And when we finally did? Spontaneous and f**king incredible. I've never felt anything like her clasping me in her wet heat. Warm, welcoming, like f**king home.

But the plan always lingers. I could have videotaped her the first time, but even I'm not that much of a dick. I wanted her to have some decent memories, not betray her right away. Afterward, I put off installing cameras, but the joke's on me. The more time we spend together, the more I like her.

The more I'm drawn to her.

The more I want to be the man who is protecting her for the right reasons.

And the more I want to be someone she can look at with love and trust in those baby blues. The last month with Chloe has been what I would want out of life if I had the luxury of choosing. Even living in my grandfather's old house hasn't been bad - because she's been there with me so often.

But weekly visits with my sister remind me of what must be done. So I had a friend who owes me a favor install video cameras in my bedroom. Various angles. High-tech.

But I don't know if I can go through with using her, with turning the video over to someone who will make sure it goes viral fast. Because in Chloe's eyes, I see the man I want to be. The man I could have been for her if that bastard hadn't destroyed my sister.

Of course, if he hadn't, then I wouldn't ever have met her, because nothing about us wasn't planned. Except for my feelings. I think I love the girl. Which explains why last night, I almost called my friend and had him pull the cameras, which will turn on when we walk into the bedroom. Then Ferro showed up at the bar, and all the suppressed anger and hatred resurfaced.

So the cameras are in place. They'll do their job.

Will I have the courage to do mine?

Chapter Seven

Flowers arrive at my dorm room the next morning. I open the card, read it, and grin. "Let me make it up to you." A few minutes later, another deliveryman arrives, this one with a chocolate tree. Seriously. Mini chocolate bars in the shape of a tree. The man is seriously trying to apologize. I've already forgiven him. I'd mentally done it last night, but that didn't mean I planned to make myself look easy.

I pick up my phone, about to text him when it buzzes in my hand. I glance down. "I need to see you."

I hold the phone against my chest and sigh. Am I in over my head with this guy? I want to see him so badly. It's like the one night apart is already ripping my heart out of my chest. How could I fall for him so hard, so fast? Granted, he's stepped up the actual time frame by being with me. All. The. Time.

I blow out a deep breath. The phone buzzes again. "Now," I read.

I text back: "Okay."

"Waiting downstairs. Pack a bag."

I shake my head, yet I do as he says, including textbooks so I can study. Soon I'm running down the dorm steps and out into the summer heat. Sure enough, his black truck is idling out front. My heart picks up speed as he meets me around the passenger side of the car and opens the door.

"We cool?" he asks before shutting my door.

I meet his gaze and see the apology in his eyes. "We're cool."

He blows out a long breath before leaning over and brushing a lingering kiss on my lips. Already I'm heating up for him, and I'm glad he made the extra effort to apologize. It tells me he understood how upset I was last night. It's more than anyone's ever done in acknowledgment of my feelings. He's always so much more.

When he pulls up to his small house, I feel an overwhelming sense of belonging and home. Kinda scary given my earlier thoughts about how fast and intense this relationship is becoming.

Once inside, instead of settling in front of the television, he's pacing by the big bay window overlooking the front lawn. "What's wrong?"

He folds his arms across his chest, and my gaze is drawn to the muscles bulging from the edge of the sleeves. He doesn't answer for so long I wonder if he will. "This thing between us. It's more than I expected."

Eerily, he's reading my mind, paralleling my emotions and feelings. "Yeah. I was just thinking that myself."

He tips his head to one side, studying me. "I don't know what the f**k I'm doing," he says.

The vulnerability in the admission surprises me, and I'm melting for his aching sweetness. I walk over and pull his arms down so I can clasp his hand. "I don't know what I'm doing either, if that helps. I think we're both feeling our way through new territory here."

"I'm just ... I'm not sure I can do this," he mutters.

My stomach plummets hard. "Then why the flowers? The chocolates? The I need to see you?" What am I doing here? I wonder.

He spins around and pins me with that steely gaze filled with desire. "You make me crazy." He stalks over and scoops me into his arms and heads toward the steps leading to the small bedroom upstairs.

"You can't do this hot-cold thing," I say, my fingers already in his hair. My br**sts are heavy, and desire is filling me, making me ache.

"I won't," he says with certainty. "It's over. Done. I'm yours." He tosses me onto the bed and comes down over me.

He's hungry. Starving for me, and he makes it clear by kissing me senseless. There's nothing gentle about him, and I don't care. I don't need gentle. I do need him, and despite his angst, he's just given exactly that, and I can't help but respond.

We are both greedy, lifting and peeling off each other's clothing, lips wherever we can reach. Soon we're both naked, and heaven descends on me in the form of his warm, hot body covering mine. He kisses my lips, my cheek, suckles on my earlobes, grazes his teeth against my neck.

It's not enough. Not for me and not for him.

All the while, I'm arching against him, tugging at his hair, begging him to keep going, to stop and fill me, to touch me, f**k me, anything and everything he wants to do with me and to me, it's okay. He's mine and I'm his.

Suddenly he flips, and I'm sitting astride him, naked, my aching core nestled against his hard length. Unable to take the need and the heat, I begin rocking against him, that sensitive spot hitting his pubic bone and the waves of desire building inside me.

"That's it, Princess. Take what you need. You're so f**king beautiful like this."

I'm too far gone to think or be embarrassed, my only concern the explosion that's so close to consuming me. He threads his fingers through mine and encourages me to keep going, to ride him, to come.

He says the word, and my world implodes, the most incredible orgasm skyrocketing through me. And I keep circling my hips and riding him as he asked, until the waves recede and I collapse, limp against him.

He flips me over, pauses for protection, and then slams into me. I wouldn't think I'd feel anything again so soon, but no sooner do I feel him, thick and gloriously hard, than my body responds. I arch my hips and meet his thrusts, and soon I'm rising toward the peak again.

His hips pump into me, and he starts to speak, except it's not dirty words this time, it's whispered endearments that wrap around me tighter than his body. Words that have power. Words like mine.

Mine.

Zach and I are in his kitchen, laughing over co-made French toast. We each have our own special ingredient. His is almond extract, and mine is a dash of orange liqueur. We compromised and used both.

I'm wearing nothing but an old tee shirt of his. No panties, no bra, and it feels decadent, hanging out with the man I love-

Whoa. My brain screeches to a halt and doesn't kick back into gear again. Love? I glance at the man who's waiting for me, sitting in nothing but a pair of sweats that hang low on his hips, the skin on his chest golden in the sunlight streaming in from the window. My mouth waters, but my feelings for him are so much more than surface deep. I inhale deeply and accept the truth.

I'm in love with Zach Anders.

I won't ruin this moment by telling him about my feelings. Not now. It's too soon; they're too new. I want to sit with them a bit. Process them. Savor them. Love them a little inside me before bringing them into daylight to share - and hope he feels the same way. But I'm really going to have to tell him about the sex video going viral. It's not fair to have him find out about it another way.

"Everything okay?" he asks.

"Great." I force a smile. He'll understand, I assure myself. He will.

I place both our plates on the table. The maple smell is calling to me like crazy. I'm dying to taste what we made. Together. I rub my damp hands and pull out a chair across from him.

"Sit here." He gestures to his lap.

Of course, my gaze falls to that low sprinkling of hair running into his sweats, and my body is suddenly as hungry as my stomach.

"Why?"

He grins. "Well, I can't feed you from across the table." He's got an intense look on his face that tells me he means business.

So I saunter over, putting a deliberate swagger in my hips as I walk. His thighs are hard beneath mine, and under me, his erection grows . He sucks in a shallow breath as I settle in. I love this heady sense of power I have over him and hope, with all my heart, he feels for me the way I do for him.

"I'm hungry," I say, wondering if I mean for food or for Zach.

His eyes darken with need. "Open."

He picks up a sticky piece, and I let him place the mouth-watering French toast in my mouth.

His gaze is hot on mine. Syrup drips down my chin, but I'm focused on him, and I deliberately close my mouth around his finger. It's a salty-sweet mix. As he slowly pulls out, I suck the syrupy mixture off his finger, swirling my tongue around the long digit and grazing his skin with my teeth.

He groans, and beneath me, he grows even harder. "Chloe-"

I'm not sure if it's a warning or a plea. Before I can figure it out, the doorbell rings, startling me out of the haze of desire that had enveloped me.

He mutters a curse. "Ignore it," he says.

It's his house, so if he doesn't care there's someone out there, neither do I. I'm sure I can get right back into the moment, and from the feel of him, he hasn't left it. I wriggle my hips, and his sexy chuckle warms me from the inside out.

The doorbell rings again. And once more.

"Whoever's out there doesn't sound like they'll go away." I'm disappointed, knowing he'll have to get it.

As if to prove my point, the bell rings over and over again.

"Shit." Zach picks me up and helps me to my feet. "Stay right here. I'll be right back."

Considering how I'm dressed, I agree to wait.

A few minutes later, I hear a familiar voice bellowing from the other room. "Where the f**k is she, Anders?"

It's Sean. What in the world is he doing here? I run into the foyer and come to a halt when I find the two men in a standoff. Two well-built, angry, posturing men.

"Am I f**king wrong?" Sean asks.

"What goes on between me and Chloe is none of your business. Now get the hell out of my house."

Though I want to ask questions, I'm drawn into their conversation.

"Not until you tell Chloe," Sean says.

I blink at that. "Tell me what?" I step forward, making my presence known.

Sean turns toward me.

Zach doesn't meet my gaze, and in that moment, I know something's seriously wrong, making me want to curl into myself before even I know why. Worse, I'm suddenly feeling exposed, and it's not because I'm only wearing Zach's tee shirt.

Something Sean doesn't miss, if the scowl on his face as he looks me over is any indication. "Chloe, go get dressed."

I shake my head. "I can handle things from here. You obviously didn't listen when I told you to stay out of my business and not to go digging into Zach's life."

"It's a damn good thing I didn't listen. He's using you to get back at me."

I can't help it. I let out a laugh. "That's ridiculous. I told you his name, and you didn't have a clue who he was."

"That's because Anders isn't his full name, is it?" he snaps at Zach. "It's Anderson. And..." Sean trails off, clearly hesitant to continue.

My mind is reeling with everything that's been said. Zach's using me? Anders isn't his full name? I grasp on to the last part. "I'm sure there's a simple explanation for him shortening his name." Isn't there?

Zach glares at Sean. "Not so simple now, is it, you son of a bitch. Now you go ahead and tell her the rest."

My mouth grows dry. I glance between the two men I never thought would hurt me. Sean, because I've known him my entire life and he's always given it to me straight and considers me like a sister. And Zach because he's protected me, looked out for me, and treated me like I mattered.

Folding my arms across my chest, I step up to them. "Someone better start talking. Now."

"Ask him about his sister," Sean says, his eyes dull and unfocused.

I blink, surprised. "I know about Grace." I'm relieved now because this isn't something Zach has kept hidden. "She's in South Oaks. So what?" I look between them.

"So he put her there," Zach said with disgust, jerking a finger toward Sean. "He's the bastard I told you about. The one who preyed on Grace's fears and used her so badly she broke." He runs a hand through his hair, and I see the agitation in his movements, the pain in his gaze.

But he still won't look at me. And I'm too busy trying to process what he just told me. Sean's the man who likes to find a girl's weak spot, play into it, and f**k her until she's screaming in panic and fear? That's what gets him off?

"But ... but ... that's sick." I glance at the man I've known my whole life.

He can't meet my gaze anymore either.

I want to gag but manage to suppress the reflex. "What does this have to do with me?" I rub my arms, goose bumps and chills covering my skin.

Sean groans. "He's using you to get revenge on me. He can't get to Avery, so he figured he'd go after the next best thing. The world knows I don't give a shit about anyone, but somehow he found out about you."

"No." I whisper the word. "Zach?"

He nods slowly, unwillingly. "I followed Ferro. Watched. Waited. And finally I saw him walk you out to your car. He hugged you, and I knew I'd finally found a weak spot."

Sean curses and goes for Zach, but my scream stops him. Zach has his hand curled into a fist, ready to hit back if needed.

"I want to hear everything. Don't take that away from me." I blink back tears, telling myself that I will be strong. I will not break. Not in front of him. I can't let the depth of his betrayal hit me. Not yet.

"So you watched me at The Tavern? All along, I was just your pawn?"

Zach's eyes fill with remorse. "Only in the beginning."

"Bull." Sean's voice slices through the air. "You're not the only one with the ability to find necessary information. I met your security friend, and we had a talk."

I winced at the word. So did Zach. "Is he still alive?" he asks Sean.

"He liked his pretty face, so he talked. Now it's your turn."

Zach narrows his gaze and walks up to Sean, getting into his face. "You say you care about her? Let it go at this. She'll never talk to me again. It's good enough."

Something passes between the two men, an understanding. About me. I won't allow it. "No. Whatever it is, you tell me." I step closer and shove at Zach's chest. "You owe me that much."

With a nod, he comes closer. He takes my face in his hands.

He smells so good, looks so familiar and ... sad. More than anything, I want this all to be a bad dream. I want to go back to the kitchen, to sitting on his lap and eating our French toast.

He speaks and shatters the possibility. "However things between us started, they turned very real for me very fast," Zach says. "If you want to hate me, that's your right, but do us both a favor and leave now. Let him take you home." He releases me and pushes me toward Sean.

It's not nearly enough information. He can't get rid of me so easily.

"How?" I ask, not satisfied being talked about as if I'm not in the room or being told what to do by two men used to manipulating people for their own benefit. "How did you plan on hurting Sean through me?"

I want to know, and I'm not leaving here until I do. Nausea spikes inside me, similar to when I found out about my ex-boyfriend's betrayal, but I fight it back.

Zach's shoulders slump, and I realize it's bad. And his silence tells me the words aren't going to come from him. "Sean?" I ask.

"He was going to videotape you," the man I've known nearly forever tells me.

An old conversation with Zach comes back to me. I have my PI license, and I'm good at digging up information.

"Oh my God." So much becomes clear in an instant. "You knew about the sex tape. All along, you knew and planned to use it against me. You were going to do exactly what Sean did to your sister. Use my biggest weakness against me, break me, and make sure Sean knew it was all his fault."

"No." Zach's voice shakes. "Yes ... but no. I mean, that was the plan before I knew you. I fell in love with you, Chloe. I couldn't-"

"If that's true, then why did you have the cameras installed in your bedroom anyway? Long after you met her?"

"What?" I barely understand what I'm hearing.

Zach picks up the nearest item, a ceramic bowl, and hurls it against the wall.

I jump as the piece shatters, much like I'm doing inside.

"It was you," Zach tells Sean. "Every time I changed my mind, you surfaced. You called her. You showed up at the bar, reminding me of the course I had set for myself. For my sister. I owe it to her to make sure you have to live with what you did to her every f**king day." His face is red, his anger and pain both blinding and blistering.

"I do!" Sean explodes, his rage something I've never seen before, and I slink back, away from both furious men.

I'm merely the pawn between them.

"I live with a lot of things I've done that make me sick to my stomach, but her?" Sean points to me. "She's innocent, and she doesn't deserve the likes of me ... or you."

"Get her out of here," Zach says, his words gutting me despite his betrayal. "Take her far away from me."

I'm mute. Stunned. Aching.

Sean nods. "I will, but first tell me one thing. Is there a video?" he asks point-blank.

"No." I realize I've spoken out loud. "No, no, no." Memories of my naked body on screen flash through my brain. "Not again."

"Chloe-"

"Hand it over now." Sean holds out a hand.

Zach pales, which means there is one. "Oh my God."

"Swear to f**k, I never planned to use it. It was set to tape when we walked into the bedroom, but I forgot. I wasn't thinking-"

A low-pitched moan sounds throughout the room, and I realize it's coming from me. Zach, the man I love, betrayed me. On purpose. Knowing what I'd already been through.

"Chloe-" Zach reaches for me, but I dart back and out of his way.

"Hand it over," Sean says. "I don't give a shit if you have to give me the whole damned recorder, you hand it the f**k over now." He vibrates with anger.

To my surprise, Zach turns and heads up the stairs.

Sean grasps my hand and pulls me against him, as if to protect me. But he can't. It's too late and nothing can. Pain and betrayal wrack my body. It starts in my heart and spreads outward in a never-ending spiral of agony.

"I have to get out of here."

Sean hands me a set of keys. "Wait for me in the car."

I grasp them like a lifeline. "I loved him," I say to Sean.

"Dammit, Chloe, I-" Zach returned. He's heard my admission.

"Get dressed and go." Sean's adamant. He doesn't have to tell me again.

I take a quick run upstairs, dress and run out the front door.

Chapter Eight

The last few weeks of college crawl by. I hate being pathetic, and it's not something I am willing to do, no matter how badly my heart is breaking. So I push myself through review sessions and finals. I keep up with work at The Tavern, and I continue to submit my resume and hope for a job interview. At this point, I'll take anything that pays fairly decently and keeps me busy and unable to think.

Because when I think, I fall apart. It's impossible to believe I fell for another man's lies. I can't fathom how I could have been so stupid. If I look back, this time the signs were there. Neon and flashing.

Zach showing up at the bar, watching me for weeks without making a move.

Zach just happens to show up when I'm attacked in the parking lot, playing savior, ingratiating himself into my life.

Zach being my bodyguard, my shadow.

Zach not making a move sexually until I make one first. That's where I get hung up. Why? If he wanted to use me to get to Sean, why did he wait? Why did he let himself get close to me? Why not make a video that first time we slept together and be done with it? His actions with me are at odds with his plan to get revenge. He behaved like a man falling for me as hard as I fell for him.

I fell in love with you, Chloe.

He'd said so that last night. I shake my head hard. "Dumb, dumb, dumb." Because he'd said other things too.

Get her out of here. Take her far away from me.

I shiver at the vivid memory, so strong I can practically hear his voice. I need to stop looking for the good and remember the reality. The video hard drive with us having sex that Sean took from the house and I watched him destroy. I didn't watch this one, and Sean didn't make me the way my parents had with the first one.

He merely pulled into a dark parking lot, walked out to the back of his car, and with a hammer he just happened to have, he smashed the recorder to bits. Nobody would be viewing naked pictures of me a second time.

I owe Sean for saving me from myself ... even if I am having a hard time looking at him the same way. Another reason I have to keep busy or fall apart. If I think about what Sean did to Zach's sister, how the poor woman is in a mental hospital because he- I shake my head to rid myself of the images that haunt me. I don't want them in my brain. So I push them away. But then memories of Zach intrude.

I rub at my pounding temples. I have no time for this today. Today is graduation. I don't know if my parents will show up or not, but I will be there. I plan to walk across that stage, get my diploma, and begin the next stage of my life.

Which includes living with Callie, who has been gracious enough to invite me to sleep on her sofa until I get my bearings. She lives close enough to The Tavern that I can walk at night, and in another step of independence, once I am out of the dorm later today, I'm handing my parents my car keys. Or mailing them home.

I'm on my own. And very much alone.

Being toward the end of the alphabet, I'm used to being called last for attendance and at big class gatherings. So I sit in the back rows of students. We are all dressed in black caps and gowns, the only contrasting color the occasional gold cord and sash to acknowledge graduating with honors. I've managed that despite everything, and I lift my chin up, reminding myself to be proud.

Finally the dean reading names reaches the Rs and my row. We stand and walk toward the stage single file.

I hear my name. "Chloe Reynolds."

Reminding myself to shake with my right hand, accept the diploma with my left, I walk across the stage, handle the exchange, and smile.

A little while later, we turn our tassels. Toss our caps. And students search for their family and friends. Friends I do have, and I hug and kiss the few people who have been a part of my life these past four years. The ones who've been nice and stood by me. Ignore the ones who snickered and laughed behind my back. Sex-tape girl graduated just like the rest of them.

There's no family to greet me or hand me flowers. No one to hug or congratulate me. I tell myself it's fine. I didn't expect my parents to come.

Liar. I'd hoped they'd show up and surprise me with a change of heart. Tell me they're proud of what I've accomplished.

I shake my head and laugh. That's about as likely to happen as I am to pick a guy I can trust.

"I'm glad to see you can still laugh."

The familiar voice snakes through me, taking me off guard. I spin around in shock. "Zach?"

He walks toward me. He doesn't look like the man I know. He's wearing dress slacks and loafers. They're Gucci and expensive. His pale blue button-down shirt gives him a more sophisticated air than I'm used to, but surprisingly, the look suits him. He carries a bouquet of roses in one hand.

"Congratulations, Princess." He holds out the flowers.

I accept them with shaking hands. "Thank you."

"I'm sure you have plans, but I was wondering if we could talk for a few minutes?" He sounds uncertain.

I'm confused. I'm as drawn to him as ever. He's handsome, sexy, the same man who protected me ... yet he's not. He's a sophisticated stranger, and I realize there's more about him I still don't know.

I shake my head. "I don't."

He exhales a long breath. "Yeah. Well, it was worth a shot." He turns to go.

"Wait. I meant I don't have plans." I draw a deep breath and remind myself I don't do pathetic. But this is Zach, and he knows everything. "There's no one here for me but you," I say.

His green eyes flash with anger on my behalf. I recognize that look because I've seen it in his gaze so many times before. It's that realization that allows me to hope.

He's here, after all. And I've been miserable. Could there be more between us than revenge? Can I forgive him if there is?

"Can I take you somewhere to celebrate?" He's hesitant, bracing himself for rejection.

I draw a deep breath and nod. "I'd like that."

We're back to uncomfortable and wary around each other, and I don't like it. Does that mean I'm breaking down and forgiving him already?

I turn in my cap and gown and meet him at the parking lot. We settle into his truck. The warm, familiar scent of his cologne wraps around me, and he starts to drive. I don't ask where we're going, but soon I see we're headed out of the city, upstate.

I turn to him, confused. "I don't get it."

"You will."

I blow out an impatient breath, which makes him laugh.

"I missed you," he says, suddenly serious.

I glance at my hands. "I missed you too. But I don't understand-" I cut myself off. What can I say? I don't understand what between us was real and what was a lie? What was forced and what meant something to him?

Because it was all true for me, and it meant everything. I swallow over the lump in my throat.

"Revenge is a lot easier in theory than in reality," he says into the silence.

I remain quiet.

"I wanted to avenge what he did to my sister. I wanted to make sure he never forgot that he destroyed someone good and real. Someone who meant something to other people."

I nod. I couldn't speak if I wanted to, and right now I don't.

"Once I decided you were the one I needed to get close to, I looked into you. I had a plan. But as I watched you at work, I knew you were special. I couldn't bring myself to make a move. And I couldn't bring myself to walk away. Both for my sister's sake and because I was drawn to you." He flexes his fingers around the wheel, opening and closing his hand.

"Then I was attacked." I can figure out that much.

"I couldn't stand to see that bastard's hands on you. I went crazy."

I close my eyes. "I remember."

"And then I got to know you. Really know you. You weren't just beautiful but you were good. I wanted to get to know you better ... for me. Everything between us was real," he says.

I choke back a low moan. I needed to hear that so badly. I open my eyes. Tears are dripping down my cheeks, and I wipe them with the back of my hand.

"But?" I ask. Because I know there's more. He installed the cameras, so obviously there's more.

"Just like I said, every time I let down my guard, every time I forgot I was supposed to have an agenda, something would happen to remind me. Ferro called you. He showed at the bar. I visited my sister. And was forced to remember."

"And the cameras? The video?"

He groans. He pulls the car off an exit on the Hutchinson River Parkway. The sign says Town of Scarsdale. I'm vaguely aware that we're now in a wealthy area.

My brain is scrambling to catch up with where he's taking me and to keep him talking. "Zach?"

"The night I saw you and Ferro at the bar, I okayed the install. I wasn't thinking clearly. I never am when it comes to him, and seeing him with you, it was like waving a red flag in front of an already enraged bull."

I wrap my arms around myself, and he lowers the AC. "Chloe, just because the camera was there didn't mean I would have let the video go viral. It was a stupid, impulsive act that night, just like yelling at you was. You were pissed at me, and I couldn't stand it. I sent flowers, chocolate; I just wanted to make things right. When you agreed to come over, I wasn't thinking about revenge or videos. I was just thinking about you. Me. Us."

I want to believe him so badly. He's done nothing to make me think he doesn't care. Our meeting was set up but since then? What has he done except take care of me?

"Are all our secrets out in the open?" I ask.

He hesitates. "Almost."

I swallow hard. "What could be left?"

He turns onto a tree-lined street where houses are hidden, and the ones I can catch a glimpse of are huge. "This is mine," he says, turning into a nearly concealed driveway and pulling all the way through to a massive home built from stone, with a four-car garage attached.

He stops the truck, and I climb out without waiting for him. He joins me out front. "The Queens house?" I ask.

"My grandfather's like I told you. He left it to me. I loved the old man, so I never sold it."

"How do you afford this?" I sweep an arm toward the stone mansion in front of me.

"Like I told you, I dabble. I have my PI license, but I'm in business too. I did well with stocks and bonds, and now I do consulting from home." He shrugs sheepishly.

"Why lie about it?" I ask him.

"Would you have trusted me if you thought I was wealthy like your parents? Or were you drawn to me because of all we had in common?"

I blink back tears again. "I was drawn to you. The guy in jeans and a tee shirt-"

"That is me. I'm dressed up today for your graduation. I didn't want to embarrass you in front of everyone by showing up dressed like I didn't give a damn when I do."

"The guy who cooks-"

"Again, I do. You've seen it for yourself. I just have a much bigger kitchen here. State-of-the-art. I think the chef in you will love it."

He pivots me around until I'm facing him, and he looks into my eyes. "You know me. All of me. More than anyone else in my life knows. I confided in you about Grace, and I don't talk about her to anyone."

I manage a nod. "I want to believe I can trust what I feel for you, but I've been burned badly."

"By me too. I know this." He grasps my wrists and holds on. "But I meant what I said that last night. I fell in love with you. And I've never said that before to anyone."

I can't hold back anymore. I don't want to. "I love you too," I say and throw myself into his open, waiting arms.

I'm not sure how long we stand in the driveway, arms wrapped around each other. I just know I need to feel his hard body against mine until I believe I'm here with him, he's real, and he's mine.

He eventually releases me. "I want to show you around."

"Okay."

"Question."

I tip my head and look up at him. "What plans did you make for when you move out of the dorm?"

"Umm ... I was going to sleep on Callie's couch until a real solid job came through and I could afford a place of my own."

Without warning, he drops down on one knee. "I know it's soon, I know you probably want to live life on your own for a while, but I also need you to know I'm in this for good." He slips his hand into his pocket, and suddenly I'm looking at a ring.

A real diamond engagement ring. "It's here whenever you're ready to wear it," he tells me. His hands are trembling as he holds out the gorgeous sign of his intentions.

Oh my God. He's here, he's real, and he's offering me something I've always wanted but never ever had the courage to dream I'd have - someone who loves me unconditionally. Who will be there for me in good times and bad. I've never had a real family in my life, and this man is offering that to me. And if it weren't something he truly wanted, he wouldn't have come back to me. Which means this is all real for him. I know it. I feel it in the deepest part of me. And it's that knowledge that strips me of my fears and lets emotion and my love for him take over.

"I can wait-" he says.

"I can't." I hold out my own shaking hand and let him slip the ring onto my finger. It's a perfect fit. Just like we are.

"I take it this means you forgive me?" he asks.

"Hmm. Any more secrets?" I ask, teasing him.

"Umm-"

"Zach!"

"One more little thing. Maybe two."

I lift my eyebrows and wait.

"I may be a member of The Westchester Country Club where you wanted that sous-chef position."

"What?"

He grins. "Have been since I moved here two years ago. Which means I might be able to pull a few strings. But I also just might have found the perfect place to open the most decadent breakfast place in the county, if you'd prefer to give that a try."

I'm startled and overwhelmed and so in love I want to cry. "You're offering me all these things... I have nothing to give you in return."

He shakes his head and grasps my chin in his hands. "Don't you know that you're giving me the most priceless thing in the world?"

"What's that?" I ask through happy tears.

"You," he says before sealing his lips over mine.

