1

The first thing I noticed about Audrey Valdez was her hair, falling like a dark sheet of silk down her back. The second was her ass. Hey, it's not my fault that I noticed she had a great one. I'd figured out from reading between the lines of my twin sister Lottie's description that Audrey was a knockout, but I had no idea how absolutely beautiful she'd be when I met her in person.

I couldn't stop myself from mouthing f**k me at Lottie behind Audrey's back when she got in line in front of me to get lunch. Lottie just gave me a scathing look, and I went back to staring at Audrey's glorious backside. I'd already prepared my usual material that made most girls swoon within seconds, but when I saw her ... every single word went out of my head. It was a miracle she'd talked to me at all when we'd sat down together. I'd made a complete ass out of myself and Lottie had ripped me a new one afterwards. I was still sore.

I never quite knew where I stood with Audrey, which was one of the things I liked so much about her. But tonight? I was going to find out.

"You have to wear it," Lottie said as she chased me around the living room with one of those stupid Happy New Year hats. I'd refused to wear one on account of it messing up my hair, but I knew that sooner or later, Lottie was going to force one on my head. She always had the knack of getting what she wanted. I looked to Simon (my supposed best friend) to help me out, but he just laughed and told me I was on my own before going back to cuddling with his boyfriend, Brady. Traitor.

"If I'm wearing one, you're wearing one," Lottie's boyfriend, Zan, said from his position on the living room couch. He seemed to find my interactions with Lottie hilarious. After wanting to kill him with my bare hands for so many years, I was still sort of getting used to having him around. But Lottie loved him, and he loved her. So I had to suck it up and keep my mouth shut.

"Ditto," Trish said from her place in the recliner. She was grumpy because her brand new boyfriend, Max, couldn't come with us tonight. Then again, grumpy seemed to be her normal status.

Lottie finally dived at me and sunk her fingers into the ticklish spot on my ribs. I knew I was done for as she tackled me and shoved the glittery hat on my head.

"There," she said, panting, "that wasn't so hard, was it?" I glared up at her and blew some of my hair out of my face. She'd said she was going to cut it for me a while ago, but had never paid up.

I just shoved her off me as she laughed.

"When is Aud getting here?" she said, going to the couch and sitting next to Zan as he put his arm around her.

I checked the clock.

"Right about now," I said as I heard a car in the driveway. Stryker (Trish's brother) and Katie, Lot's former roommate, would be here a little bit later. I tried not to run to the door to get to Audrey. I hadn't seen her in a week and I missed her like crazy.

Instead I walked calmly, at a normal pace, to the door after she knocked. I opened my door with a trembling hand and my stomach did flips as I looked her up and down. Her hair was pinned up on one side and hung over her shoulder. And her dress ...

"Happy almost New Year," she said, smiling as I tried take in all of her at once. Her silver dress cut right above her knees, leaving plenty of glorious leg on display and dipped in the front in just the right way. I'd have to work hard not to ogle.

"Happy almost New Year," I said, giving her a hug. She melted into me, and I stroked her hair with one hand. I had no idea how she got her hair to feel like that, but it was probably some secret girl knowledge.

I wanted to hold her forever, but she pulled back before I was ready, and I tried not to notice. She smiled at me again and straightened my hat.

"Did Lottie make you wear this?" she said as she shucked off her coat and I hung it up for her. Her skin glowed in the light and I forgot what she'd asked me for a second.

"Maybe." That made her laugh, and I slid my hand into hers and led her into the living room. Lottie rushed over and gave her a hug and then crammed a hat on her head as well. It probably looked goofy on my head, but just plain cute on hers.

"Okay, so our parents may be out of the house, but they put the kibosh on any an all alcohol. So we have a large selection of sparkling juices," Lottie said, gesturing to the table where five bottles of various non-alcoholic beverages waited to be opened. My parents were out at their own New Year's party at the library where my mom worked and would be gone all night, but that didn't mean that we were going to go wild and have a raging party. Because they would know. My mom always knew, even if we cleaned everything up and lied. She'd know, and it wasn't worth even taking a chance so we were playing it safe. Plus, Lottie and Zan had sort of a traumatic association with booze anyway.

"Okay, so we should probably order the pizzas now," Lottie said, taking charge as I popped open a bottle of sparkling grape juice and poured Audrey a glass.

"Thanks," she said, not looking at me. I wanted to put my hand under her chin and make her look me in the eyes. She'd been withdrawing from me for weeks, and I didn't know why and I was too much of a pu**y to ask her. I wanted to know the truth, but I didn't at the same time because if I did know, then it might be over between us, and it didn't even feel as if we'd even really started.

"You going to make any resolutions?" I said as we sat on the couch next to Zan.

"I don't think so. What's the point of making a resolution on a specific date? If you haven't done something already, then you're probably not going to do it," she said, sipping from her glass. I took a swig of mine to help out with my dry mouth situation.

"No, we have to make resolutions! That's why I made the Resolution Board!" Lottie said, pointing to a dry erase board with all of our names written on it. "I thought we could make it like a challenge. We can all put in some money, and whoever holds out the longest gets it. What do you think?" I thought it sounded like a dumb idea, but I would never tell Lottie that.

"I think it's inspired," Simon said. "And it would be good to have incentive for us to follow through." He would think it was a good idea. Brady, of course, agreed with him.

"I'm in, L," Zan said, smiling at Lottie. She could have said we were all jumping off a bridge and he would have been first in line. But I couldn't judge him too harshly, because if Audrey said the same thing, I'd do it. I'd never been this into a girl in my life and it scared the shit out of me most of the time. I'd thought that I'd been in love with Kandy, my ex, but that had been more my dick talking than anything else. With Audrey, I felt like all of me wanted her, and not just the lower half of me.

Everyone else agreed and by the time Stryker and Katie got to the house, most everyone had come up with their resolutions. Audrey's was to keep her GPA above 3.8, which wasn't much of a challenge because she'd probably never gone below that. I teased her about it, but she stuck with it.

"Okay, what's yours?" Honestly? I had no clue. The only thing I wanted to improve was our relationship, and for her to realize how much she meant to me, but that wasn't really something I could quantify. So I had to come up with something else. Once my sister knew I was struggling, she had to give me her input.

"You should read more. Less gaming, more reading. Or how about no more Star Wars references? Oh, or you have to keep your hair cut?" I shot all of those down.

"There is nothing wrong with my hair," I said. "You like it, right?" I turned to Audrey, because if she told me to shave my head, I'd be the first one with a razor.

"Nope, nothing wrong with it," she said, sliding her hand up my neck and tugging a bit on the hair on the back of my neck. I coughed and shifted in my seat. Was it getting hot in here?

"How about keeping your grades up?" Simon suggested. I guess that was as good as anything. It also matched what Audrey was doing.

"Fuck that shit," I heard Trish mutter under her breath.

Everyone wrote down their goals on the whiteboard and then pooled our money, which totaled over a hundred dollars. I could definitely use the cash.

"Okay, I think we need some music," Stryker said, finally peeling himself from Katie's side. "I've got everything out in the car."

"I think that's our cue to go congregate in the bathroom," Lottie said, nabbing Trish and Audrey's arms and jerking her chin at Katie.

"Typical. You want equality, but the minute you might have to lift something, you turn into a delicate female," I said, knocking Lottie's hat to the side. She snatched at my finger and glared at me.

"Do that again and I will murder you with my twindar. You know I can do it." I never underestimated my sister. I also didn't underestimate the strange twin connection we had. I couldn't explain it, exactly, other than saying it was magic, which sounded ridiculous. Lottie would probably like that, seeing as how she had a Harry Potter obsession. But then, so did Audrey and I would never mock something that she liked.

God, I was whipped.

The males got out the instruments as the females did whatever they did in the bathroom. Even living with a girl hadn't clued me in to the mystery of what groups of girls did in the bathroom together.

Stryker got his banjo going, along with Zan on his own, Trish on the guitar and Katie singing. It was a New Year's Hootenanny. Audrey curled into my side and I couldn't keep my hands off her hair.

"Hey," I said in her ear as the group started singing Mumford and Sons' "Little Lion Man."

"Hey," she said back, looking at me. I put my hand under her chin and pulled her mouth toward mine. It had been far too long since I'd kissed her; I'd backed off because I thought that was what she wanted. But her lips were warm and yielding and she tasted like sparkling champagne with an undertone of vanilla.

It was too bad there were so many people around, since something hit the side of my face only a few seconds into the kiss. I turned around to glare at my twin.

"No sucking face until after midnight," Lottie said.

"You little hypocrite! You've been attached to Zan's lips plenty of times tonight." She definitely had. There were so many couples here that the kissing was almost constant.

"Hey now. This is a night about love. If somebody wants to express it, then I'm all for it," Simon said, and Brady gazed at him adoringly. Those two were something else. I'd never seen Simon so gone on anyone, and it was a little bit of an adjustment, but Brady was cool and I was glad Simon was happy. Finally.

"Hear, hear!" Stryker said, raising his glass. Lots of toasting followed and then Lottie turned on the television so we could watch the party in New York City. The pizza finally arrived and we all ate and drank and were merry. The night would have been better with a beer, but you couldn't have everything.

As the clock ticked closer to midnight, we got our handfuls of confetti, poppers and noisemakers ready to ring in the New Year.

I held Audrey close and instead of watching the glittering ball fall in New York, I watched her face.

"Three, two, one, Happy New Year!" We yelled in unison and Audrey turned toward me for the traditional kiss. I wanted to linger on her mouth, but I had something more important to do. Holding her face, I gazed into her eyes and smiled.

"I love you," I said. "I love you."

As soon as I kissed him, I knew he was going to say it. I'd known for a while that he was going to tell me he loved me. Will might have thought he'd been subtle, but he was about as subtle as a slap in the face. He was sweet, though. So sweet it broke my heart.

Will was ... good. Will was good the way reading a book on a rainy day was good. He was good the way pancakes eaten in bed with syrup running down your chin were good.

He was too good for me.

His wide blue eyes looked at me as if I was the most wonderful thing he'd ever seen. His attention had been awkward at first. Fumbling. But even that was cute and endearing. As much as I'd tried to fight it, he'd worn me down and before I knew what was happening, I was falling for him. But falling made me think of traveling downward, when being with Will made me feel like I was floating on a cloud, boosted by his smile and his bad jokes, and the way his hair fell in his face.

But it wasn't meant to be, no matter how much I wanted it. So when he said he loved me, I couldn't say it back. No, I could only say, "Thank you."

He blinked and the glow of happiness he'd had when he told me faded, like blowing out a candle flame.

"Thank you?" he repeated. That was the best response I'd come up with, but it was still terrible. Inadequate. I might as well have punched him in the face.

Confetti fell all around us, getting stuck in his hair and dusting his shoulders. It was probably all over me too. Everyone around us was cheering and embracing and excited. But Will ... sweet Will.

"I'm ... I'm so sorry, Will," I said and I couldn't handle him looking at me anymore. I fled to Lottie's room so he wouldn't see me cry.

Happy New Year.

2

"I don't understand," Lottie said, pacing her room. I sat on her bed next to Trish and Katie. We'd taken our party hats off, but each of us still had confetti in our hair and little bits of it kept falling off Lottie as she walked back and forth.

Her room was just as I'd pictured: cluttered and full of books. Well, at least on her side. Poor Lottie and Will had to share a room, but at least it was big enough that they could each have their own space and there was a curtain to separate her half.

I'd asked her to pull the curtain so I couldn't see Will's half. I didn't want to see his clothes scattered all over the floor and his sheets on the bed and posters of his favorite shows and movies on the wall. I didn't want to be confronted with him right now. But in this house, escaping him was somewhat impossible.

"I just don't get it. Clearly, you love him and clearly, he loves you. So what's the problem?" She seemed to forget that when she had completely fallen for Zan, she had to overcome several huge obstacles in order to move forward with him. Same with Katie and Stryker. But my situation was different. They just didn't know why.

I considered all of them my friends, but I just couldn't seem to tell them everything. I'd tried, so many times. Especially with Lottie. She was so easy to talk to. Like her brother. I'd found myself telling her details of my life I'd never shared with anyone. An open book I was not, and I'd been comfortable with that for years.

"I just ... I couldn't say it back," I said, which was the best explanation I could give without saying more.

"So you don't love him?" Katie said, hugging one of Lottie's pillows.

"I ..." It had grown harder and harder to lie to them, to these girls who had somehow become my friends, despite me trying to push them away. We'd been through a lot, the kind of things that bonded you like nothing else could. In only a few short months, I'd become closer with them than I'd ever been with any human beings before. Not my parents, not my brother or my sister, not anyone in my family. But my distance from my family was somewhat self-inflicted.

They'd given up on me, but Lottie, Katie and Trish hadn't. Yet.

"Look, we don't have to talk about it," Katie said. She'd worn a pink dress, of course, and it exactly matched the new pink streaks in her hair. She'd lost her father and she was doing so well. I couldn't imagine even being able to get out of bed in her situation, but she had a great support system. She was close with her sister, and then there was Stryker, who had stepped up and been her one-man support team. He'd brought all of us together to go and be there for her at the funeral. I was in awe of their relationship.

Something made me wonder, if Will and I had been in the same position, if he would have done that for me. I shook my head, and tried to clear it of thoughts of him.

I shouldn't have come tonight, but I didn't have any reason to say no, and I hadn't been 100 percent sure that Will would tell me that he loved me.

There was a knock at the door, and then Will's voice made my heart twist painfully.

"Can I talk to Audrey, please?" Everyone looked at me and I nodded.

Lottie unlocked the door and let him in.

"Alone, Lot," he said when she didn't move, but Katie and Trish exited after giving me worried looks.

"Okay, but don't do anything to make her upset. That's all I'm asking," Lottie said, touching Will on the shoulder. He might have been her brother and she would fight to the death for him, but she was also my friend.

Will closed the door behind Lottie and leaned his forehead on it, not turning around to look at me.

"I knew I shouldn't have said it. That was so stupid. I'm so sorry, Aud." The sound of his nickname for me made it even worse. I wished, in that moment, that a sinkhole would open up under me and suck me away so I wouldn't have to keep hurting him.

"Will, it's not your fault. It's mine. I'm so sorry." My voice made him turn around. His eyes were red, but he wasn't actually crying. The pain evident in them went right to my heart, a dagger sunk up to the hilt.

"You're really going to do the 'it's not you, it's me' speech? Are you serious right now?" He ripped his hands through his hair, which loosed some of the confetti that had gotten caught. He was going to be finding it a week from now.

I had no response to his anger.

"I'm so sorry." He shook his head and yanked the curtain back before sitting down next to me. I should have moved away, but I couldn't.

"Are you just realizing this, or have you known all along that you didn't want to be with me?" I would have to choose my words carefully, so I didn't give him the wrong idea. Before he'd shared his feelings, I could pretend that this wasn't anything serious. We were just going out and having fun and flirting and kissing. Nothing more. I thought I'd kept my distance enough that Will wouldn't feel that way about me-that he couldn't-but I'd underestimated Will Anders, and it wasn't the first time.

"It's not that I don't want to be with you. I do. But I can't ... I can't do the relationship thing." That was the best way to put it so he would understand.

He looked down at his hands.

"Then what have we been doing up until now?" He turned his head and I had to look away from his eyes.

"We'd never declared that we were together, so I just thought we were ... dating, for lack of a better term. You can date without it being serious." Whenever anyone had asked if we were together, Will had sensed that I was uncomfortable with the topic and he'd changed the subject. If he did ask about it, I always put him off. I couldn't do that anymore. It was time to define what we were, or what we were going to be.

"I know about dating, Aud. I've dated girls before. I've hooked up with girls before. But you're ... you. You're different. I thought this was different. I was with another girl for almost two years and I didn't feel this way, or share things with her like I do with you. I'm sorry if what I said scared you, but I wanted you to know I was committed to this, to making this work ..." I stopped him from talking with a kiss. He and Lottie both had a tendency to ramble and I couldn't listen to him trying to explain himself anymore.

So I kissed him, but he pushed me away.

"What was that? You say that you don't want to be together, and then you kiss me. What is going on with you, Aud?" He plucked some confetti from my hair and I pushed his hand away.

"Nothing is going on with me, Will." Of course, that was a lie. Everything was going on with me. Just that simple touch of my hair, and his shoulder brushing mine, and the tingle left over from his kiss made my entire body hum and want to kiss him again.

"Is it your past? Lottie told me about your ex. But I'm not him. I would never hurt you, Audrey." He meant it, every word, and I believed him.

"It's not about my ex. I'm sorry, Will. I'm just so sorry." I couldn't hold back the tears anymore, and they spilled over, falling into my dress like raindrops.

"Shh, it's okay." Will put his arms around me and pulled me into his chest. He rubbed my back and let me cry into his shirt. I tried not to inhale his scent, but it was impossible not to. All I wanted was sink back on the bed and let him kiss me and make me forget the past, but that wasn't possible. It couldn't be forgotten. It wouldn't.

"I'm so sorry," I said one more time before I sat up and wiped the rest of the tears from my eyes.

"It's okay," Will said, sliding away from me.

It wasn't.

"I don't understand this. At all," Lottie said the next morning as we made breakfast. The girls (and Brady) had stayed in our bedroom and the boys had camped out in the living room. Our parents had threatened to come and check on us in the middle of the night to make sure we were keeping separate sleeping arrangements, and past experiences told me that they wouldn't hesitate to do so.

It seemed stupid, to keep such a tight leash on us when we were at home, because we could do pretty much whatever we wanted at school and they would never know, but I wasn't going to point that out.

"Me neither." I hadn't gotten any sleep and was still reeling from last night. I'd planned it out in my head and my plan had gone seriously awry.

Lottie was busy whipping a huge batch of eggs together and I was supposed to be working on cutting up fruit, but I was too distracted.

"Did she say anything to you?" I asked Lottie as I jabbed the knife into an apple.

"Are you sure you don't need any help?" Zan called from the living room.

"No! Mind your own business," Lottie yelled back. She'd volunteered to make New Year's breakfast for everyone. And as her twin, I was also roped into helping.

"You're putting me in a tricky position, William. On the one hand, you're my twin and I love you and I would never lie to you. But on the other, Audrey is my friend and there is a very strict code about what I can and can't tell you."

I didn't care about twin code, or girl code. I just wanted her to tell me.

"With that said, no, she didn't say anything. I tried to talk to her, but I let it go. She probably didn't want to talk to me simply based on the fact that I am your sister. That's kind of awkward, you have to admit." I could give her that.

"I know," I said, pushing down on the knife so it cut the apple in half.

"It just doesn't make sense, though," Lottie said, pouring the mass of eggs into two frying pans.

"I know," I said again. That seemed to be the only thing I could say. Raucous laughter from the living room made us both look up.

"They'd better not be getting into trouble," Lottie said, craning her neck to try to see into the living room. I thought about telling her that she'd sounded exactly like Mom, but I decided against it.

Breakfast with Audrey was awkward, but there was such a large group that the conversation kept going. I didn't have to sit next to Audrey, but I could still see her out of the corner of my eye. She looked like she'd gotten about as much sleep as I had.

"The upside of not drinking on New Year's is no hangover!" Simon said, raising his glass of orange juice. He did have a point.

"Hear, hear!" I said, and raised mine. We kept toasting over and over for stupid reasons. I caught Audrey looking at me several times, but I pretended not to see it.

After Lottie made everyone help her clean up and get our house back in order for our parents' arrival, everyone started to head back to their respective dwellings. We didn't have to be back to school for another week, so Lottie and I were staying at home, along with Simon, who had gotten into yet another fight with his parents about being g*y and was temporarily kicked out and crashing on our couch.

Audrey was the last to leave and had been deep in conversation with Lottie in our bedroom.

"It will work out, Will," Simon said. "You're the guy who gets the girl. Trust me." Not right now, I wasn't. I was the idiot who said he loved a girl and she said "thank you." Did that actually happen? In addition to it hurting my heart and my pride, it was embarrassing as shit.

"Aw, come on Willy, it's a new year. Fresh starts, new promise. All that carp." Simon never swore, but always came up with hilarious alternatives, and that one made me smile a little.

"Ah, there it is. I knew you could smile." Simon grinned at me and tossed a game controller at me. We blew up a bunch of shit as I waited for Audrey. I had no idea what I was going to say to her, but I'd planned what I was going to say last night and look how that turned out.

Audrey and Lottie finally emerged, just as Simon's phone rang. I knew who it was just based on the way he said, "Hey."

"I know ... I know ... I miss you too," he said, his voice changing completely as he paused the game and went to chat with Brady. Jesus, the two of them had seen each other a few hours ago, but they were inseparable. No, I wasn't jealous. Not at all.

Okay, maybe a little. Or a lot. I was distracted from my jealousy by Lottie giving Audrey a hug and saying something in her ear before leaving, giving me a significant look on her way out. Like I wouldn't have figured out what she was doing.

"Hey," Audrey said, sitting on the other end of the couch, as far as she could from me. That was as clear a signal as any. But I was going to play it cool. Or try to.

"Hey," I said, setting the controller down. My ex had hated the hours I'd "wasted" by gaming, but Audrey had never seemed to mind. She actually joined in sometimes, even though she always got killed within a few minutes. It was cute to see her trying so hard. Guess that was over now.

"I know that you probably hate me right now, and you probably never want to see me again, but I'd really like it if we could be friends. I like hanging out with you and I don't want things to be weird with Lottie. Do you think we might be able to do that?" I didn't like the way she was talking to me. Like I was a child or something. I also hated what she was saying. That she'd decided how our relationship was going to be now. Without even consulting me or giving me a reason why.

I wanted to get up and kiss her. Or yell at her. Or make her tell me why the hell we couldn't be together.

I did none of those things. She'd hurt me last night, more than I'd ever tell anyone, but my fear of losing her altogether overwhelmed that hurt. If I couldn't have her, at least being near her was the next best thing. It would have to be enough.

"I don't hate you, Audrey. And I'd like to be friends." I put out my hand for her to shake, because it seemed like we needed to seal this somehow.

"Oh. Good. Friends then." She shook my hand for only a second, and then she turned away, like she didn't want me to see her face. Was she crying?

I did not understand Audrey Valdez.

I'd explained to Lottie, to the best of my ability, why I couldn't date Will.

"I get what you're saying, and I know where you're coming from, believe me, but if I've learned anything from the situation with Zan, it's that the things you think stand in your way aren't real. They weren't for me anyway. And the other thing I learned? Love will bite you on the ass when you least expect it and there's nothing you can do. You have to hold on and let it." She made it sound so easy. It had been easy with Will.

"Just tell me you'll think about it," Lottie said, giving me a hug. I couldn't believe that she was taking my rejection of her brother so well. Will had taken it much better than I thought he would, too. We could go back to just being friends. I couldn't lose him altogether any more than I could lose Lottie. They didn't need me, but I needed them. More than they would ever know.

My hands shook as I pulled out of their driveway and headed back home. It was a two-hour drive, but I had a lot to think about during those hours.

I hadn't really told Mom about Will. Not specifically. I said that I had some friends, but never named them, and she didn't ask. That wasn't unusual. We barely spoke these days.

Only my sixteen-year-old brother Marco was home when I got back, and he was sacked out on the couch, his hand in a bag of chips.

"Where's Mom and Dad?" I asked when he just sort of waved at me in greeting, not taking his eyes from the television screen. His excuse for watching so much television was that he wanted to be a movie director, but he never actually did anything to reach that goal other than watch movies constantly. Unlike my sister, Angel, who had married a man who owned an organic farm and had moved to the middle of nowhere to raise fainting goats and chickens and grow apples. We rarely saw her, because she couldn't leave the farm that often.

"Out. I don't know. They left a note in the kitchen." I couldn't find the supposed note, and it didn't really matter. I dropped my stuff back in my room and went to take my first shower of the new year. If only it could wash away the guilt that coursed through my veins.

I'd had to rush out the door of Lottie and Will's so he wouldn't see me cry. That would be my downfall. If he saw me cry, then I would have fallen apart and taken it all back.

No, this was for the best.

I finished my shower and got dressed before venturing into the kitchen for an apple and some cheese. I didn't really feel like eating, but I needed something to do.

I sat down next to Marco and reached for the bag of chips, but he growled at me. I smacked him on the shoulder and took the bag anyway.

"What is your problem? It's all crumbs anyway." I took the bag and tossed it away and brought him a fresh one. Marco had the metabolism of an athlete without actually exercising. No matter what he ate, he maintained a trim figure. My body would definitely not stay slim on his diet.

"What are we watching?" He shushed me and turned up the volume.

Judging by the dialogue, it was a Tarantino flick. It only took me watching for thirty seconds to realize it was Pulp Fiction. Again. He'd seen this a million times already. I'd seen it a million times already, but I needed something to focus my mind on instead of Will's heartbroken face when I'd crushed him last night, or technically it was this morning.

I nibbled my snack and watched the movie play in front of me, but I couldn't shut out the image of the hurt in Will's eyes.

If only I'd listened to my instincts and ended it sooner. I'd spent the past few weeks pulling away from him, thinking that the relationship would die on its own and I wouldn't have to do anything to hasten its demise.

I'd underestimated Will's affection for me. Completely. He'd been so excited on Christmas, even though we couldn't spend it together. I'd gotten him a gift card because I thought it was a platonic enough present, but at the last minute, I'd found a framed Star Wars poster when I'd been looking for a present for my brother and I had to get it for him.

We'd agreed to wait to exchange presents in person, so he and Lottie had met me halfway between our houses at a restaurant. Carrying the poster in had been extremely embarrassing, but when Will had opened it, he'd been so happy that I could barely stand it.

And then he'd given me my gift. When he'd handed me an envelope, I'd assumed that he'd taken the easy road and gotten me a gift card. That was what I was hoping for.

The card had been sweet and funny, but what was in the card made me gasp.

"Two tickets to Universal Studios, and two open-ended plane tickets. Since I can't bring Hogwarts to you, I'm bringing you to Hogwarts. Or at least the American version," he said with the biggest smile I'd ever seen on his face.

I had to put the card down because my hand was shaking so badly.

"You didn't have to do that Will." I couldn't believe he'd done that.

"I know I didn't have to, but I wanted to. You're always talking about how much you've been dying to go, and I thought this was something we could do together. Just the two of us." He reached for my hand and I numbly gave it to him because I didn't know what else to do.

"If I were you, I'd be screaming and crying. I love you, but I seriously hate you right now," Lottie said, but she was smiling. Part of me wanted to slide the tickets across the table to her. I couldn't accept them. Not only because I was lying to Will, but also because they were far too expensive. Their family wasn't poor, but they certainly weren't loaded, and putting two kids through college was bound to put a financial strain on anyone.

"I don't know what to say."

"Say that you'll come with me this summer. We'll go and you can fangirl to your heart's content and we can drink butterbeer and I'll go on all the rides with you." This summer? No, that wasn't possible. If he was planning that far ahead and thinking we'd still be together, then I had to set him straight, but not right at that moment. He was so happy and pleased with himself that I couldn't do anything but mumble "thank you."

"And, we should totally go when it's Star Wars weekend. Two birds, one stone, right Aud?" Will beamed.

"Right," I said, forcing myself to smile.

"It's going to be so great," he said, pulling me into a hug and kissing my cheek. "You'll see. I can't wait."

I could.

The tickets were still stashed in the card, which was shoved under my mattress. I had no idea what made me put it there, but I had, and I wasn't thinking about it. At least I was trying not to. The trip was definitely not happening now. I should really give the tickets back so he could try to get a refund or do something else with them.

My brother burping louder than a foghorn made me jump and remember that I was supposed to stop thinking about Will. I couldn't do that watching a movie. My mind just wandered too much. I got myself a few more snacks and headed to my room. If there was one thing that could take my mind off Will, it was my good friend Harry.

I rarely let people in my room, because half of it was a Potter shrine, and most people didn't understand my level of obsession with a gawky teenage wizard.

Obsession seemed to run in our family, though. Marco had his movies, Angel had her organic farm and my parents were currently obsessed with the idea of opening their own restaurant. They'd done other things before, from having a cleaning business, to running a used car lot, to a flower shop. Somehow they managed to make money, but then they got bored and were on to the next thing. I wondered how long the restaurant would last.

At least my Potter obsession was more than a few years old. I'd been hooked since I was eight and the librarian at school had put the first book in my hands and told me that I was at an advanced enough reading level for it. I'd devoured every book after that, and seen all the movies at midnight. Alone, mostly. Harry was the only man who had always been there for me.

I would still pick them up every now and then and re-read them, even though nearly every word was imprinted on my brain.

My favorite was Chamber of Secrets, so I picked it up and turned to a random page. I never read Harry Potter in order anymore. Turning on some music, I settled in for a lazy day. "On Top of the World" by Imagine Dragons had just started to play when my phone went off. Lottie was texting me.

Are you sure you're okay?

She was so sweet, worrying about me. I typed out a message, deleted it and then typed another one.

I'll be fine. How's Will?

Typing his name was painful, but I had to ask. I waited and then the phone rang. I turned the music down before I answered.

"Sorry, I couldn't really have this convo via text. He's, um, he's doing fine." Her tone left a lot to be desired in the believability department.

"Uh huh," I said.

"Okay fine. He's binge watching Star Wars, which wouldn't normally be a sign of trouble, but he hasn't moved from the couch since you left. I've never seen him this way. Sorry, I know that I probably shouldn't be telling you about this, but I just don't get it, Aud. What's the problem?"

I shouldn't have answered the text. There was no easy way of getting out of this. The Imagine Dragons song ended and switched to "Let Her Go" by Passenger. Ironic.

"It's complicated, Lottie. I can't talk about it. I just wanted to make sure he was okay, and clearly he's not and it's all my fault. I never should have flirted with him, or gone out with him." The tears were threatening again, but this time I could push them back.

"No, no. Don't beat yourself up. It just didn't work out, okay? It's not the end of the world. Will's gotten over girls before. He just needs some time and some distance. It'll be okay, I promise." I wanted to believe her, but the way he'd reacted last night told me otherwise.

"Look, let's not talk about that. When are you coming back to school?" She forced me to shift topics, and I was grateful. We talked about going back to school and how much we were looking forward to it.

"Oh, I forgot to tell you I'm going to have a single next semester. My roommate dropped out and they said I could have a single if I paid a little extra," I said. How could I have forgotten about that? I'd celebrated the moment I'd found out my roommate was gone and I wouldn't have to deal with her anymore.

"Oh my God, that is the best news. We're definitely doing some major redecorating when we get back. This is going to be so sweet, Aud." It was going to be pretty nice. I could have the place to myself and not have to worry about anyone thinking I was weird for my little habits.

"It's going to be great, you'll see. Oh, crap, Simon is motioning to me. I have to go, but we'll talk tomorrow?"

"Yeah, sure."

"Okay, bye."

The next week made me realize that I needed to move out my parents' house permanently. I just couldn't live here anymore. It was like being a stranger in your own house.

It hadn't always been that way. Just a few years ago I'd been closer with my parents and even with my siblings, but those days were over and I had to live with knowing that I'd caused the rift. They'd only reacted in the way they knew how and I couldn't blame them for that.

Lottie, Katie and Trish all kept in contact with me and even Simon sent me a few texts asking how I was. But it was radio silence from Will.

I didn't know how I felt about that. I should have been happy that he'd finally started to let me go, but I missed him horribly. Will was a ball of energy that lit things up and made me see the bright side in a dim world. He was also floppy and awkward and I liked that. He wasn't perfect and he didn't try to be, but he always wanted to be a good person.

A hundred times I typed out a simple message to him, just to start a conversation, but I deleted them every single time. He needed some time and some space before we could really try this friendship thing out. Had anyone successfully become friends with someone they'd once had feelings for? I didn't know anyone who had, but I was sure they existed somewhere in the world.

If we wanted it enough, we could make it happen, and I wanted Will in my life.

3

It was Lottie who finally told me I needed to grow a set of balls and man up. Those weren't her exact words, but the meaning was clear. Audrey and I had broken up. Or something. We hadn't really been dating, so it wasn't really a breakup. It was more that we had decided to take our relationship backwards. Like using one of those Time Turners from Harry Potter. I couldn't help but know what that was because of both my sister and Aud. They were obsessed, so I became a fan by necessity.

If only magic really existed and I could apparate onto Audrey's doorstep and beg her to reconsider. Now that would be worth having to wear those pointy hats.

Magic of that kind didn't exist, or at least not in any world I was in, so I had to do this the muggle way. First I wallowed and watched Star Wars a million times and gamed with Simon and refused to leave the house and tried to ignore anyone when they asked me what was wrong.

I finally surfaced from my wallowing well the day before we went back to school.

"You look much better today," Lottie said that morning when we woke up. She'd always been more of a morning person, and decided that if she was awake, everyone else should be too.

"Do I?" I couldn't imagine I looked any different than yesterday, but I had slept better last night. I'd never, repeat never, obsessed this much over a girl. I'd started replaying all of our interactions, wondering what had been the moment that she'd decided she just wanted to be my friend and not my girlfriend. I knew it wasn't good for me, but I'd just never felt this strong about someone. If she didn't feel the same way, then it was probably good she'd let me down when she did. That was the thing I'd gone to sleep thinking and I'd woken up thinking it.

"Yes, you do, which means I can stop the suicide watch," Lottie said, throwing a pillow at me with deadly aim. I tried to duck, but it hit me smack in the face. Lottie cackled and then dashed for the bathroom while I scrambled to chase her.

"I win, I win!" she sing-songed from the other side of the locked bathroom door before turning on the most disgusting pop music she owned and cranking it up on high so she couldn't hear me pounding on the door.

"Don't use all the hot water!" I yelled, slamming my fist on the door one last time.

"William!" Mom said, a spatula in her hand. "Is that really necessary?" It was when Lottie used up all the hot water and left her nasty hair clogging the drain.

Mom gave me one of those looks, so I backed away from the door and went to the living room. Simon had already gone back to school because he couldn't stand being away from Brady anymore. The dorms weren't open, but he was staying with Stryker.

"You could use a lesson in manners, young man," Mom said, flipping some pancakes without even looking at them. Next thing, she'd be handing me a book. That was Mom's solution to everything. A book. It might work for Lottie, but it didn't for me.

Dad was gone again to go to his lab in the Caribbean to study ocean bugs. If I didn't think his job was boring as shit, I would have been all over that. He'd been gone for a lot of our childhood, but I never felt like he abandoned us, or anything. He made it home for the important stuff.

I thought about making a smart remark to Mom, but decided against it. That would just lead to another lecture, and I'd had more than enough of them from my mother and my sister.

Lottie gloated when she came out of the bathroom.

"It's all yours, little brother."

"Forty-seven seconds! You're only older than me by forty seven seconds," I said as I shut the door of the bathroom. She just laughed maniacally.

Lottie and I no longer had to share a vehicle, so I had the entire ride back to school to myself. None of Lottie's awful music or her incessant chatter, or her punching me in the shoulder.

I missed it.

She and I were so close all the time, I almost forgot what it was like to have to be by myself. It was quiet. Too quiet. My brain shouldn't be allowed to be alone, because all I did was think about awful things. Not just about Audrey, but about all those embarrassing moments that you tried to suppress in your memory and pretend never happened, but when you least expected it, they popped out and reminded you. I turned my music up so loud it drowned out the sound of my truck's engine, but that didn't work to penetrate my brain. Not even the cool version of the Star War's theme that Lottie had found for me worked.

It wasn't until I walked into my room that I had something to distract me.

"What the hell is this?" There were tools and pieces of wood and screws all over the floor.

"I thought you weren't going to be back for a few hours. My bad," Simon said, his voice muffled because he had a screw in his mouth.

"That didn't answer my question," I said, stepping over the seeming chaos.

"I'm building us a new entertainment center, what does it look like?" That was a loaded question.

"And what was wrong with the other one?" Simon had also built the other stand that held our television and all our gaming consoles. It even had a little place for the remotes. Living with Simon was like living inside a Pottery Barn.

"This one is better." He went back to using his drill, which drowned out anything I had to say. I thought I heard a knock at the door, but I had to wait until Simon stopped drilling to confirm. Probably the resident assistant coming to yell at us for using power tools in our dorm room.

I opened the door to find Zan and Lottie. They'd moved off campus, but I had the feeling we were going to be seeing a lot of them anyway.

"You still mad at me for taking all the hot water again?" Lottie said, nearly tripping on a pile of screws as she went to sit on my bed, Zan following behind.

"What are you making?" she said.

Simon turned and gave her an exasperated look.

"It's an entertainment center! I swear, you all would be content to set our television on a box and call it good. Uncultured swine."

Zan gave me a look. Yeah, I would have put the television on a box, too.

"Well, I think we'll get out of your way," I said, nodding at the other two. The best thing to do for Simon was to let him do his thing and then come back and admire the results. I'd tried to help him with some of his projects, back in high school when we'd first become friends and he'd bitten my head off.

Lottie and I explained this to Zan as we left the room, closing the door quietly as the sound of the drill started up again.

"I've never seen him be that intense about anything," Zan said as we walked downstairs. "Remind me never to piss him off."

"Yeah, he can get kind of scary when he's holding a drill in his hand," Lottie agreed. "Do you want to seek refuge for a few hours?"

It was probably the best idea. I needed my sister's frenetic energy right now.

"Sure."

I spent most of the time when I got back to school rearranging my room, which helped quiet my thoughts for a little while. It was surprising how much larger the room felt without my roommate and all her things inside it.

After a few hours of moving and arranging and moving things back and sweating the whole time, I had it the way I wanted it. I'd also had Christina Perri's "Human" on repeat the entire time.

Lottie had sent me a text asking if I wanted to hang out at her place and have dinner, and it seemed as good an idea as any, so I messaged her back asking if she could give me a ride. My brother had been forced to drive me back to school since I was currently carless.

She messaged me when she was downstairs and I grabbed my coat and dashed down to meet her.

What she neglected to tell me in the message was that Will was with her. He was also sitting in the backseat and the only available place for me in her tiny Datsun that Zan had given her was next to him since Zan was in the front seat.

I had two choices, and one would lead to more questions, so I bit my lip, held my tongue and got in the car.

"Hey," I said, pretending I was just greeting three friends.

"Hey, Aud," Will said, his voice soft. I gave him a quick smile that I hoped was a friend smile.

"So how's the single?" Lottie said, breaking into the awkward moment and rescuing me.

"It's weird having just my stuff in it. I think I need more furniture to make it not feel so empty," I said.

"Simon could build you some furniture. He's currently building us a new entertainment center, even though we have a perfectly good one. You could have the old one, if you want. It's really nice," Will said, looking straight ahead.

"Wow, that would be great. If you're not going to use it anymore."

He finally looked at me.

"It's yours." The way he said it, I didn't think he was just talking about the entertainment center. Lottie's voice cut through the space between us again and she kept it up for the rest of the ride to her new place. Luckily, it was just off campus. As we'd driven, I'd been so aware of Will next to me and it was a relief to get out of the car and into the cold air to clear my head.

"Whoa," I said when we walked into the apartment.

"Simon built them," Lottie said in response to the fact that most of the walls were covered in bookcases. Several shelves were empty, because you would need thousands of books to fill them, but she certainly had a good start.

Zan was represented by his banjo on a stand in the corner and the furniture was mostly neutral colors. Poor Stryker had to submit to Katie's obsession with pink when she'd moved in with him upstairs.

"It's going to look really nice when we get all the shelves filled, but that's probably going to take a while," Lottie said, pouting at the empty spaces.

"I hope you have good smoke detectors, Lot," Will said, flopping down on the couch. "This place would go up in a second."

"Shut up, William!" Lottie said, smacking him on the back of the head. "You're going to jinx me." I was often envious of the bond Will and Lottie shared. It went beyond them being siblings. Sometimes they were like two halves of the same soul. Maybe that was what allowed Will to love so easily.

There was a clatter outside and then Katie and Stryker came through the door, their clothes askew and hair tousled. There was a collective groan from Lottie and Will while Zan just shook his head.

"What?" Katie said, trying to be stealthy about fixing her sexed-up hair.

"You're one to talk," Stryker said, pointing at Zan and then Lottie. That made Will groan even louder.

"Please stop this conversation right now."

"Oh get over it. How many times did I have to listen while you and Kandy got it on?" The second the words were out of Lottie's mouth, she looked at me in horror.

"Not that you were doing anything. I mean, anything sexual. Not with me in the room. Because that would be completely gross and creepy and wrong. No, nothing sexual at all." Lottie breathed deeply, as if she'd been running. I was used to her verbal outbursts by now and they were just part of who she was. Will was prone to them as well, even though he would never admit it.

"On that note, Zan, let's get this party cracking." Stryker had brought his banjo, so the two started playing and Katie joined in singing "Better Dig Two" by The Band Perry while Lottie scurried to the kitchen to start dinner. I went with her.

"I'm sorry about that."

"No, it's fine. No big deal." I gave her a smile and she seemed relieved.

"So, what are we making?"

"Um, I have no idea." She pulled open the refrigerator and poked her head in. "We just went grocery shopping, so you'd think there would be plenty of options here, but I tend to buy whatever and Zan has to tell me to plan out how we're going to use things so they don't go bad. Aha!" She pulled out a jar of salsa.

"Soup! We can have salsa soup." I had no idea what she was talking about. "I used to make it all the time, and we can put it in the new crockpot." She started assembling ingredients and I tried to help, but she said she had it under control, so I just watched and talked with her. Katie drifted over after singing a few songs with the musical group in the living room. She was such a different person now, after her father's death, getting rid of Zack and finally moving in with Stryker. I wished I could have my own transformation that made me into a better, more confident person.

"Where the hell is Trish?" Lottie said, glancing up at the clock set on one of the bookshelves.

"She was picking up Max and then she said she'd be here," Katie said, examining one of her pink strands of hair. "They seem really happy together."

"I know. Finally," Lottie said, dumping the jar of salsa into the crockpot.

"So how are you really?" Katie said to me in a low voice. "This can't be easy, seeing him again."

I really didn't want to talk about this, ever, but Lottie and Katie were looking at me expectantly.

"It's not easy, but it's for the best. We decided that we're going to be friends. That's all I want." I could have said a whole lot more, but I was able to shut my mouth.

"Right, friends. And how does Will feel about this?" Katie turned to Lottie, and I was relieved the heat was off me.

Lottie put her hands up.

"Hey, I'm just his twin. I'm not his spokesperson." That made both Katie and me laugh. "What?"

"You are so full of shit, Lot," Katie said, shaking her head.

"Whatever. We may have twindar, and all that, but I don't know what he's thinking all the time. Plus, he's a boy. Their brains work differently."

I couldn't argue with that and neither could Katie.

Lottie went back to making the soup and Katie started working on dessert; chocolate and peanut butter chip cookies.

Trish arrived with the slam of a door, Max and his blue hair right behind her. He was still a little awkward and shy around the group, but that might have just been his personality. Either way, Trish was the dominant one in their relationship.

Surrounded by couples, I felt out of place and strange. There was a lot of hand holding and longing looks and inside jokes and covert kisses exchanged and it made me ache and avoid looking in Will's direction. Luckily, there were so many other people around that it was easier to avoid him than it had been in the car.

Plus, Lottie acted as my buffer, always making sure she was sitting between the two of us. It was like having a babysitter, but I let it go. There wasn't any alternative.

We all ate salsa soup, which turned out to be a sort of vegetarian chili, and fought over the cookies. We called it a night early, since all of us had class the next day, some earlier than others.

I thought everything had gone fine, and I'd gotten out relatively unscarred, but then Will cornered me as I was coming out of the bathroom.

"I have to talk to you."

4

I couldn't stand it anymore. Lottie had been staring at me all night, watching me, making sure I didn't do or say anything to upset Audrey. Not that I would ever purposely try to upset her, but Lottie seemed to think I wasn't smart enough to have a conversation with her without saying something stupid.

Okay, maybe she knew me too well.

That wasn't going to stop me from trying to have a civil PRIVATE conversation with Audrey. A private friendly conversation. Between friends.

"What's up?" she said, flipping hair over her shoulder. I loved it when she did that.

Dude. Focus.

"I just wanted to talk to you." I'd been running over all the things I was going to say to her for days now, but once I was standing in front of her, every single one of them fell out of my head and it was all I could do to make a complete sentence, let alone make any actual sense.

"Okay. We can talk."

"As friends."

"Friends."

"Because we're friends now. Right?" Shit, I sounded like an idiot. No wonder she didn't want to be with me. My hair flopped in my eyes and I raked it back. Audrey had an unreadable expression on her face.

"Yes, we're friends. Now that we've gotten that out of the way, what did you need to talk to me about?" Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Lottie coming to break us up, but then Zan was right behind her, saying something in her ear and leading her away.

I started to say something, but I ended up making a choked sound instead.

"I'm sorry. This is definitely awkward now."

She nodded and a smile ghosted on her lips.

"Yeah, it is. I wish we could just start over." I'd wished the very same thing.

"Who says we can't? People start over all the time. Look at all those football players that go on that dancing show and get new careers." One of her eyebrows went up.

"You watch that show?"

"Just because Lottie likes it. She's kind of a control freak when it comes to the television," I said hurriedly. It wasn't a bad show, really, and it was kind of funny to see these huge football players hoisting girls in a sequined dresses all over the stage.

"But how? How do we start over?" I opened my mouth to answer when I realized I had no idea.

"We just do. 'Do or do not. There is no try.'" In these difficult times, I always drew on the wisdom of Yoda. Audrey snorted at the Star Wars quote and shook her head.

"Hey, if you're allowed to quote Harry Potter, I'm allowed to quote Star Wars."

She nodded.

"I guess and I guess we can start over."

"Okay then. I'm Will, by the way, nice to meet you," I said, holding my hand out for her to shake. I hadn't when we'd first met, but it seemed appropriate now.

"Oh, Will, nice to meet you, I'm Audrey." We shook hands and let go quickly.

"Is it just me, or was that a little awkward?" I said.

"No, it wasn't just you. But it's a start."

That was all we had to do. Start over.

I stayed late at Lottie and Zan's. It was partially to avoid going back to the dorm room and having to show the proper level of appreciation of Simon's new entertainment center and partially because I knew when I went back, my head would go to all those crazy places.

"Okay, Will, what is up with you?" Lottie said as Zan cleaned up the kitchen.

"Audrey and I have decided to start over. So that's what we're doing. Clean slate, new beginning. That sort of shit."

She gave me a look that said she questioned my sanity.

"What else am I supposed to do? This is the only way things can work out now. This is how it has to be."

Lottie stared at me for a long time, and I knew she was using her twin powers to dig through my mind. Then she grabbed my face and looked deep into my eyes. I remembered doing the same thing to her when she'd told me she was with Zan.

"Stop it, Lot."

"Sorry, just had to make sure you hadn't been taken over by an alien species."

"And why, exactly?" I said as she gave me my face back.

"Because you've completely given up. I thought you would at least give it one more shot, but you totally folded." Now I was getting frustrated.

"What the hell are you talking about?"

"Audrey! I thought you would have fought harder for her. I guess you didn't care that much about her after all." She was trying to push my buttons, and doing a very good job of it.

"Look, when you were with Zan, did I tell you what to do? No offense, Zan."

"None taken," he called over the splash of the dishes in the sink.

"Uh yeah, you did. You were always telling me to be careful and I know you beat him up that one time. Don't even try to deny it." There was no hiding anything from my sister. Mom might as well have named her Sherlock Holmes.

"Yes, but when you told me you were with him, I said I'd get over my own issues because he made you happy. So there."

She rolled her eyes.

"Real mature, William."

"Listen, I think I'm just going to go. I don't need this right now." I started to get up from the couch, but Lottie grabbed onto me and wouldn't let go. She might be little, but she was strong.

"Lot, seriously." But she wouldn't release me from her clutches, and if I walked, I was taking her with me.

So I sat back down.

"You were the one talking about being mature, and you just did a really good barnacle imitation to get me to not leave."

"Desperate times, Will. Desperate times." Zan was making a lot of extra noise in the kitchen to give the illusion of privacy.

"What do you want me to do, Lot? I tried. I told her I loved her. That's pretty much the best I can do." Zan dropped a plate and it clunked in the sink.

"Sorry," he called.

"I don't know, Will. Win her over. Show her why she should be with you. Be your lovable charming self. You've never had any problems getting a girl before." No, I hadn't, but Audrey wasn't just any girl. She was the girl.

"I can't force her into a relationship with me if that's not what she wants. I'm pretty sure that's illegal." Lottie waved her hand, brushing the legality aside.

"She does want to be with you, that's the thing. She just has this crazy idea in her head that it won't work out. You need to show her that you're not giving up on the relationship, and thus not giving up on her, and maybe she'll realize that and you two can live happily ever after, get married and have your honeymoon at Comic Con." Lottie smiled with satisfaction. She just had everything figured out.

"You can say all those things, but that doesn't make them true." Lottie always thought that she could make things be the way she wanted them to be. She was also the most stubborn person I'd ever met in my entire life.

"Have faith in yourself, William. I do."

And just like that, my sister had gone from driving me crazy to being my best friend and biggest supporter. She held her arms out and I gave her a hug.

"Love you, Will."

"Love you, Lot."

If only Audrey had so much faith in me. If only I did.

I knew from the very moment that I'd suggested being friends with Will that it was going to be too hard.

I just didn't know how difficult it would be until I had to hang out with him and pretend we'd just met and had no history. We'd sort of broken the ice and had fallen back into our habits. I caught him reaching to touch my hair, or I would automatically fall into step beside him, or our eyes would meet and hold from across the room.

Neither of us talked about the fact that he'd said he loved me. Like an unexploded bomb, it was best to tiptoe past it and not poke it or investigate it any further.

We also stopped spending time alone together, and made sure that we had at least one person with us at all times. That was almost always Lottie, and she usually had Zan with her so the four of us spent a lot of time together the next week when we weren't in class.

I also escaped to the library to do a lot of reading, which wasn't unusual for me. Will respected my "insane" (his word) study habits like a good friend. It was essential to keep my grades up if I had any hope of getting into law school.

My parents might not know what they wanted to be when they grew up (if they ever did), but I knew I'd wanted to be a lawyer ever since I discovered what a lawyer was. The idea of getting up in front of a roomful of people and persuading them to see what I wanted them to see with my words, to defend people who needed defending, it all appealed to me. So did the money.

Will once told me that I intimidated him with my ambition, but he was as driven too, just in a different direction. He gave off that carefree vibe, but Will was very passionate when he got going on a particular subject, especially sports.

I remembered being stunned by his enthusiasm for football the second time I'd met him, and he'd made me laugh by trying to explain how it made him feel and failing.

Lottie and I had managed to sign up for another English class together, this time it was Women in Fiction, taught by our delicious British professor, Mr. Halloway. I could have sat through any class he taught just to listen to his voice.

I got there first, and made sure there was an empty seat next to me for Lottie. She rushed in, rolling her eyes.

"I couldn't find a parking spot. You would think, with my car being as tiny as it is, I'd be able to cram it in anywhere, but no. Did I miss anything?" I shook my head because class hadn't even started. Shocking, it was nearly all female, but there was one lone guy.

"I'm going to take a wild guess and say that you are Tyler Garry," Mr. Halloway said with a roguish smile. Everything he did was so ... British.

"You would be correct," Tyler said with a grin. He reminded me a little bit of Will, even though they didn't look much alike. Tyler had brown hair and eyes and would have to look up if we stood face-to-face. It was more the attitude that was similar. He didn't care that he was the only boy in a class about women in a room full of women.

"Well, you are a brave soul, welcome." Mr. Halloway gave Tyler a few claps of applause and Tyler pretended to tip his hat. I couldn't help but laugh to myself and so did Lottie. I knew this class was going to be interesting, but now it was going to be even more interesting.

We didn't do much in the first class, other than go over the syllabus, so we were let out early. Lottie had to rush to her next class, but we set a time to meet so we could have a late lunch.

I headed to my Intro to Political Theory class, which I had also been looking forward to, and then to the library to get started on my reading before I met Lottie.

A voice interrupted my perusal of my English syllabus.

"Hitting the books already? God, Aud, it's only the first day of class." Will flopped down into a chair across from me, his hair falling into his eyes. I wanted to cut it, but I also liked the way it fell into his eyes, and the careless way he pushed it away.

"You know me," I said.

"No, actually I don't know you that well, because we've just met, remember?" I'd forgotten.

"Sorry. Starting over should be easier, shouldn't it?" I closed my book, knowing I wasn't going to get anything done with him sitting across from me.

"Maybe," he said, glancing around the room at the shelves of books. You'd think he'd be at home here, since his mother was a librarian.

"So, do you want to have lunch? I have a little time before my tennis class." Will's classes sometimes amazed me.

"You're taking tennis?"

He put his hands behind his head and leaned back in his chair, almost to the point of tipping over.

"I might have left signing up for classes until the last minute and that was the only one left," he said with one of those sheepish smiles that he used to get away with things.

"Even with all the reminders Lottie gave you?"

"It's gotten to the point where she sends me so many reminders they all kinda blur together and I just ignore them." He waved his hand dismissively. I was pretty sure he was lying, but I didn't know why.

"So back to my original question, before you got us off track, how about lunch?" I looked at the clock.

"Oh, um, I'm actually meeting your sister in a little while." I thought she might have told him about that. They shared everything, whether they meant to or not.

"Really?" Will said, pulling out his phone.

"Don't say anything to her, please. I don't want to cause tension." Will put the phone down on the table and folded his hands.

"Okay, I won't say anything. As a friend to you. Because we're friends."

"That's right."

5

I had never worked so hard at being friends with someone before. Being friends with a girl who wasn't my sister, and who I was also crazy attracted to, was about as much fun as sticking my tongue to a flagpole in January.

But I did it. I kept my hands to myself and kept my mouth shut and worked on not staring at her ass, and when it was time to go to bed each night, I was exhausted.

Lottie tried to be a support system, but it was hard for her to choose whose side she was going to take, so I tended to avoid any situation where she might have to. I knew she'd choose me, as her twin, which left Audrey out in the cold, and I couldn't have that.

My classes actually served to keep my brain occupied, since I had finally moved onto some of my more advanced science and math classes. Lottie had to take them too, with her marine bio major, but we weren't able to get in any of the same classes, due to my procrastination when signing up for them. So for the first time in my entire life, I had zero classes with my sister.

Aud and I were still on shaky friendship ground, but I thought things were going better until one day when I was walking across campus and I spotted her laughing with some guy. Granted, he was a head shorter than her, but I couldn't help the flash of jealousy that struck me when I saw her laughing with someone else.

It was so irrational, and so stupid, that I turned away and walked down a path that would take me the long way to my class, but would avoid walking by them.

If she was talking with a girl and laughing, I wondered if I'd be as jealous, but I knew the answer to that. I wouldn't have been. I shook my head at myself and kept walking.

"Am I a caveman?" I asked Simon that night as we were getting ready for bed.

"Okay, William, I'm going to need some context," he said as he changed his shirt.

"So I saw Aud today talking to this guy and she was laughing and felt this overwhelming urge to beat the shit out of him. I didn't do anything, obviously, but I wanted to walk right up to this guy I've never met and nail him. Just for talking to her." The more I talked about it, the more ridiculous I sounded.

"Jealousy is a normal human emotion, Will. You can't stop yourself from feeling it. The only thing you can control is your reaction to it, and you did the right thing by not punching him. Good job." He held his fist out, and I bumped it with mine. I didn't feel like I should be congratulated.

"Good grief, I have not seen you this wound about a girl, uhhhh, ever. Not that she's not great, but I don't think you can keep going like this. It's not healthy."

I knew he was right. The problem was, what could I do about it?

"So what am I supposed to do about it? I want to be with her, she just wants to be friends, and I risk putting Lottie in the middle if I decide we can't see each other altogether. Three shitty options."

Simon nodded and thought about it for a minute. Other than Lottie, I trusted his opinion the most.

"Honestly, I don't know, Will. I'm not going to tell you what to do."

"Why not? You tell me what to do all the time."

Simon laughed.

"You're right, but in this instance, I think you need to make this decision on your own. You know, because it effects you the most. I mean, it also affects me, seeing as how I have to live with your mopey bum, but still. I'm not going to interfere. Nope. Not going to do it." To show his resolve, he crossed his arms and closed his mouth.

I couldn't figure out why Simon would be so quick to give me advice on every single facet of my life, but not this. It was frustrating.

"You are a completely useless friend right now." I rolled over in bed, turning my back to him.

"Sorry, Will." I hoped he would say something else, but his bed creaked and then there was silence.

I kept my mouth shut about running into Will when I met up with Lottie for lunch. We chatted about our new classes instead, my room and how she was adjusting to living with Zan.

"It's weird. I feel like an adult, you know, because we have to pay rent and everything, but then I feel like someone is going to realize that I'm not old enough to be an adult and revoke my membership. Not to mention he's around all the time. Seriously, you don't know someone until you share a living space with them. And I'm sure he feels the same way about me."

"But you lived with Will," I said, turning my apple over in my hands, contemplating whether I wanted to eat it now or save it for later.

"Yeah, but he was my brother. It's a whole different thing when you're having sex with the person you're living with. For example, I don't care if I fart or burp or do something like that in front of Will. In fact, I'm kind of proud of it. But if I do that in front of Zan? I die of embarrassment."

I understood the difference, definitely. Not that I'd ever lived with a guy I was seeing, but still.

"Anyway, how about that Tyler guy in English? He's pretty interesting," she said. I wondered at the topic change, but when I looked at Lottie, she kept her face impassive.

"Yeah. I wonder if he'll be back the next class. He might drop it now that he's seen that he's the only guy. Or maybe he's into it, being the only guy. Like a pimp." That was kind of a disgusting thought.

"Nah, I think he looked like a nice guy. But I really have to go. I have geology. Kill me now." She mimed shooting herself in the head. "Do you want to have dinner tonight? I can pick you up at your dorm if you want." Considering that if she didn't, I'd end up eating alone, I was definitely going to take her up on her offer.

Maybe that was part of my problem. I needed more friends. I was so involved with the circle of friends I had that I hadn't bothered to make any more. Not that I'd ever been good at being friends. I'd had a few acquaintances in high school, but none that I'd grown close with. I'd actually just accepted the fact that I would never really have a close friend, but then I'd met Lottie and I'd changed my mind.

Now I was looking at changing it again.

But I wasn't going to do anything rash. I was going to see how things worked out with Will and go from there.

I arrived to English at the same time as Tyler the next time we had class and we both tried to walk through the door at the same time.

"Sorry, ladies first," he said, stepping back so I could go first.

"Thanks," I said, going and taking my seat next to Lottie, while he sat across the room.

"Did I just see you chatting with Tyler?" Lottie said, blatantly staring at him.

"We just came through the door at the same time, that's all."

"Whoa, I wasn't accusing you of something. Just asking," Lottie said, turning her attention back to me. I hadn't meant to snap at her.

"I'm sorry, that was uncalled for. I don't know why I said that." I glanced once over at Tyler and then busied myself with my books as Mr. Halloway drifted into the room, his hair all swept by the wind. A few whispers broke out and I definitely heard a dreamy sigh. Couldn't blame them for that.

"Okay," Lottie said, and I could tell she was watching me, but I didn't want to draw any more attention to myself, so I ignored it and kept my focus on Mr. Halloway as he started talking. His voice was mesmerizing, so it wasn't hard to do.

"Crap, I forgot I have to run down to the financial aid office and pick something up for Will. See you for lunch?" Lottie said as Mr. Halloway let us go.

"Sounds good." I packed up at a more leisurely pace, and found myself leaving the room at the same time as Tyler again.

"We have to stop running into each other like this," he said with a laugh.

"Yeah," I said, because it seemed rude not to respond. He looked up at me and then started to walk away. Hadn't I just told myself that I needed more friends outside of my inner circle?

"Meet you here on Friday? Same time?" He turned around and nodded.

"Where are you headed now?" he said as the rest of the class emptied out of the room.

"Over to Murray."

"I'm going to Waldorf, you wanna walk together?" It seemed forward, but I didn't want to seem rude so I nodded and fell into step with him. Being friends with Simon, Will and Zan had given me a height complex, since they were as tall, or taller than I was, so it was odd having to look down on Tyler.

We were silent, and I could sense he was waiting for me to say something.

"So what's a guy like you doing in a women's literature class?" He held the door for me as we left.

"A guy can't be interested in women's literature? What would you say if I said a woman wouldn't be interested in men's literature? Sounds pretty stupid, if you ask me. Books are books, no matter who writes them." I didn't know what to say to that.

"I guess it makes sense when you put it that way, but I don't know many guys who would see it that way."

"That's a damn shame. But those guys are probably ass**les anyway." Now it was my turn to laugh as we walked along the semi-frozen sidewalk. The main areas of campus had been de-iced, but the maintenance crew didn't seem to think the little paths between buildings required much attention.

"I'm guessing you're an English major?" I said as he moved behind me on the narrow path.

"Am I that transparent?"

"You can try to guess my major if you want." The path finally widened enough for two people and he was beside me again.

"Hm, this could be interesting. Well, you don't impress me as an English major. Maybe something in science?" I shook my head.

"Business? Nope. Okay, maybe something in advertising?" I shook my head again.

"Or you could be one of those unexpected people. Someone who majors in something that doesn't fit their persona."

"And what is my persona?"

We got to the entrance to Waldorf and we stopped walking.

"Whoa, I'm not touching that. People always say they want to know what you think, but then you tell them and they get upset. I'm just saying that you can't judge people just by looking at them."

"Very smooth."

"Thank you. I'm a smooth guy. Anyway, this is me. How about we leave this conversation for Friday?"

"Sure." He gave me a little wave and then dashed up the steps.

Tyler ended up guessing my major on Friday, and we made an unspoken agreement to walk to our next class together. He also took the desk behind me in English, and I introduced him to Lottie. They bonded immediately, which didn't surprise me. Lottie was one of those people it was hard not to like.

"So what's up with you and Tyler?" she said at lunch the following Wednesday.

"What do you mean? We're friends." She took a bite of her sandwich and then put it down, chewing as if she was thinking about something.

"Is there a situation in which you might be more than friends?" I'd been waiting for her to ask me this. In fact, I was surprised she'd held out this long from asking.

"Lot," I said, which made her look up from her sandwich.

"What?"

"Are you trying to set me up with him?" I pushed the rest of my lunch aside.

"No, why would I do that?" Lottie was a terrible liar.

"So you do want to set me up with him?"

She rolled her eyes and sighed.

"No. I just thought it might be good for you to go out with someone else. You know, play the field. And he's a really nice guy, and he's definitely into you. Plus, he doesn't seem to care about the height difference, which shows he's comfortable with himself. That's really important."

This was the first time Lottie had mentioned anything like this, and I could tell there was more to it than she was saying, but I couldn't figure out what angle she was trying to work.

"I don't want to date him. I broke up with Will, not because I didn't want to date him, but because I didn't want to date anyone. It's just not for me right now."

"Oh," she said, sitting back in her chair and reminding me a lot of her brother.

"I told you that." I had. Several times.

"I guess."

"I can't explain it, but that's just the way it has to be. I'm fine by myself. In fact, before I started hanging out with you, I didn't really have any friends, so believe it or not, I've made progress." That made her smile and pick up her sandwich again.

"There's hockey this weekend. Do you want to go? Will and the guys are all over it, but I'd rather not freeze my ass off alone, if I can help it."

"Sure." It would mean seeing Will get all adorable and excited about the game, but I didn't have anything else to do besides homework, and that sounded depressing.

I didn't used to care about spending so much time alone, but things had changed.

"Awesome. We should go stock up on hand-warmers or something. And maybe we can sneak in coffee. The stuff they sell is crazy expensive."

We parted and she agreed to pick me up that night and take me over to dinner at her apartment. I felt odd eating at her place every night, but she refused to listen when I offered to buy groceries, or cook my own food, or help in any way. One of these days I was going to have to get her back.

6

I was a little surprised that Lottie had managed to convince Aud to come to the hockey game on Saturday night, but I was even more surprised when she showed up with a strange guy, who turned out to be the one I'd seen her laughing with and had contemplated punching. Shitfuck.

"Hey, everyone, this is Tyler. He's in mine and Lottie's English class," she said and Tyler waved to the collective group. I nodded at him and put on a smile when Audrey said my name. Lottie had been standing next to me, but with the arrival of Tyler, she'd moved to stand next to Audrey. If this guy was in Lottie's English class, then that meant she knew he existed before this moment, yet she had NEVER mentioned him.

The feeling that had gone through me when I'd seen the two of them laughing roared to life again, and I pulled out my phone and texted Lottie.

What the hell, Lot? Did you know he was coming?

It took a minute for her to realize her phone was going off. She pulled it out of her pocket and I watched her eyes scan the glowing screen. As soon as she finished, she looked up and glared at me, but didn't say a word. I saw her fingers flying as she typed a response.

Yes. Are you jealous?

She looked at me with one eyebrow raised. Everyone else was too busy looking to see if the line was moving at all to notice our interaction. Hockey was such a huge deal at Dirigo University that you had to get in line at least two hours before the game in order to get a seat. Waiting was all part of the fun. Not that I was currently having any fun, watching Audrey chat with Tyler.

Tyler. Figured that would be his name.

So what if I am? Am I not allowed to be jealous?

I wouldn't admit it to anyone, but Lottie was different. She knew I was jealous without having to ask and admitting it just shortened our conversation.

Jealousy is a perfectly natural emotion. I say if you feel it, go with it.

I gave her a questioning look after I read her text, but she just smiled and turned to talk to Audrey, thus ending the conversation.

"You okay?" Simon said, putting the arm that wasn't wrapped around Brady across my shoulders.

"Just fine."

"Remember when Lottie had her safeword with Zan? Anytime you need to bail out of any situation, just scream 'duckling!' and I've got your back," Simon said, squeezing my shoulder.

"Me too," Brady added, giving me a thumbs up.

"Thanks, but I think I'm okay," I said. I appreciated the sentiment, and I knew, given the reverse situation, I would do the same for Simon. That's what best friends did.

"Why are we doing this again?" Lottie whined, hugging her arms around herself. "What is the big deal about a bunch of dudes knocking a rock around with sticks as they move around on knives?"

"Well, when you put it that way, it sounds really lame," I said.

"I'm just hoping they fight," Stryker said, his chin on top of Katie's head. She had her arms shoved into his jacket.

"You know what they say, 'I went to a fight and a hockey game broke out,'" I said.

"Oh thank God," Lottie said when the line started moving. We all shuffled into the hockey dome and climbed the endless stairs to get to the student section, waaaaayyyyy at the very top of the building. You'd think since students were the largest and most vocal of supporters we'd get better seats, yet we were relegated to a tiny section while the rich alumna had their own private boxes, many of which were empty.

Just went to show you that with money came power.

We all filed into our seats, second row from the very last. The general air of excitement finally broke through to me and I remembered that I loved hockey and we were playing our biggest rivals tonight. Being jealous of Audrey and Tyler (it gave me an internal shudder just thinking his name) had completely distracted me from the game. Jealousy was a nasty little thing.

By the time the team took the ice, I wasn't thinking about Audrey or What's-His-Name, or anything else. The only thing on my mind was the sound of skates clapping against the ice and that the goalie was still recovering from a pulled hamstring. I was a mediocre hockey player, not good enough for the team, but that didn't mean that I couldn't imagine myself out on the ice, racing from one end to the other.

I used to get out on the ice all the time when Lottie and I were kids. She'd strap on a pair of my old skates and we'd go down to the pond near our house and play pickup games.

Why had we stopped doing that? I couldn't remember the last time I'd put on a pair of skates. Hell, I didn't even know where my skates were. Probably buried in the garage somewhere under boxes of books.

I was fully immersed in the game and suddenly there was one of those moments when everything got quiet at once, and Audrey's laughter cut through the silence. She sat four people away, but I'd hear her laugh anywhere.

I allowed myself one glace at her during a time out. Just one.

Her head was thrown back and she held onto Tyler's arm while she laughed so hard she was gasping. Then Lottie's glaring face invaded my vision and ruined my Audrey starefest.

Cut it out, William. You're almost in stalker territory.

Seriously , she mouthed at me. I looked back at the ice where play had resumed. Only a moment later, the DU Moose scored and everyone rose in unison to cheer.

I was a second behind everyone else and my cheering wasn't as enthusiastic as it could have been.

Hockey could only distract me for a few moments. Then the jealousy took over.

I could feel Will watching me, even though I tried to ignore it.

It had been Lottie's idea to invite Tyler. She'd asked him during class so there was no way to prevent it from happening. Maybe I shouldn't have been so friendly with him, but I didn't have a reason not to be. There was no law that said I couldn't be friends with both of them.

We lost the game, but it didn't matter much to me. I ended up having a great time, but it was colored darker by the jealousy radiating off Will. I'd thought we were getting past that, but maybe seeing me with Tyler made it come out again.

I felt horrible about it. I didn't want to hurt Will, which was one of the reasons I wished I could have just had the courage to end it in the first place.

We decided to go warm up and get pizza after the game. I snagged Will's arm, sending Lottie a covert signal to give me some privacy so she nabbed Tyler and started talking his ear off.

"I need to talk to you," I said, nudging him away so no one could hear us.

"Okay," he said, his face void of emotion. Very un-Will-like. He folded his arms, clenched his jaw and waited for me to say something. I didn't need to ask him how he felt. His body language told me everything.

"I thought we were starting over," I said.

He held his pissed off position for a few more seconds but then he crumbled.

"We are."

"Then why have you been glaring daggers at Tyler the whole night? And why are you jealous of him at all? We're just friends. Am I not allowed to be friends with boys now?" He took off his hat and buried his face in it and growled in frustration.

"I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I've been acting like a jealous boyfriend and I have no right to be. Not only because I'm not your boyfriend, but also because you weren't even doing anything. I wish I could just ... flick a switch and turn this off."

I never, ever should have started anything with him. I should have shut him down at the very beginning. I knew this was going to happen and now I was living my nightmare.

"It's just ... going to take some time. I guess the starting over didn't work out so well. Maybe we just need a break from each other. Some distance." If anyone had to sacrifice, it was going to be me. If I had to not see my friends for a while, then that was what I'd have to do.

"Distance?"

"Yeah. Maybe if I'm not around, we'll both be able to focus on new things or new people and then we can come back with clear heads. What do you think?"

There was a part of me, a part I wished I could drown deep down inside me, that wanted him to say no. To grab me and kiss me and tell me that he wasn't going to let me go, ever again. And then I'd kiss him back and we'd walk over to our friends and they would cheer and probably do something embarrassing as a collective. And it would be perfect until the time came to tell him what kind of girl I really was and then it would be over and I'd be left alone.

Might as well cut him to the quick.

"I ... I'm going to go. Can you tell everyone that I wasn't feeling well?" I started to walk away, but he stopped me.

"Don't walk away like this. Please, Audrey. I can see how much you're hurting. I'm hurting too. And why? Can you honestly stand there and tell me that you don't feel something for me? Can you do that?" He pulled me close so I didn't have any choice but to look in his eyes, which were so much like his sister's and had so much passion in them.

I had to swallow a few times before my mouth was wet enough to speak.

"I do feel for you, Will. You're my friend. But that's all." I couldn't say more at the risk of saying too much.

"You're lying, Aud." I was. "I can see it. So if you're lying and hiding your feelings, then that means that there's some reason you think we can't be together."

"That's not it, Will." I struggled, but he wouldn't let me go. I could feel everyone watching us, but there wasn't anything we could do about that now. All I could do was convince him that I didn't care about him as much as I did. "It's not going to happen, okay? You and me. Isn't. Going. To. Happen."

Being nice hadn't worked. Maybe being a bitch would.

His jaw clenched again and he stepped away from me. I might as well have slapped him in the face. I hated hurting him, but it was now, or later.

"I tried to make you understand, but this isn't going to work. I need to not see you for a while." He started to say something else, but I put my hand up to stop him.

"Just let me go, Will. Just let me go." I turned my face away so he wouldn't see me crying (again) and walked as fast as I could back to my dorm. There were plenty of people milling around campus after the game, so it was easy to get lost in the crowd. I heard my name being called by multiple voices, but I ignored them and kept walking.

Just let me go. Her words repeated over and over in my head, like a skipping CD.

Before anyone could try to stop her, Audrey was gone, swept up in the hockey revelers.

"Let her go," I said, wishing I could go somewhere and be alone. But that wasn't possible.

"Is everything okay?" Tyler said. "I feel like there's a little bit of tension going on here." It was more than a little bit. "I think I should go, so I'm going to do that. Thank you for a lovely evening and I'll see you on Monday. Go Moose!" Tyler raised his fist and walked away. Everyone waved and then every eye turned to stare at me.

"What the hell happened?" Lottie said, smacking me in the chest, as if I was the one who had driven Audrey away.

"Look, she told me to let her go, okay? She said it's too hard to see me, even as friends, so now I don't even have that. I just ... please, I just need to be alone right now." I put my hands up and walked away from my friends and my sister.

I just wanted to be alone.

7

Having your own room was a blessing when you were a crying mess and you didn't want someone incessantly asking you what was wrong. On the other hand, when you cried, there was no one to offer you a shoulder, or a tissue, or to take you out for ice cream.

I let myself go and cry it out until I fell asleep in my clothes and woke up early the next morning. I felt disgusting and gross and sluggish and guilty.

My first trip was to the shower to try to scrub off the previous evening and my second was to my minifridge for some sustenance in the form of Greek yogurt.

I was a sad, sad sight, and I knew if Lottie or Katie or Trish or any of my friends saw me, they'd be shocked. I didn't let myself get emotional in front of them, so when I needed to have my moments, I always made sure I was alone, or in the shower.

There were about five thousand texts from each one of my friends, and tons of missed calls. I'd asked them to leave me alone, but they couldn't take the hint. I turned my phone off and decided to lose myself in homework, but there was a knock at my door. Shoving my books aside, I went to check the peephole.

Lottie was there, waiting with Katie and Trish and several bags from the grocery store. The Grief Committee had a new project: me.

"We can see your feet under the door," Trish said. "And I'm holding melting ice cream so you'd better open up before we force the RA to come unlock it because we're worried about you. Don't think we won't." Oh, I had no delusions that they wouldn't go that far.

I took one gigantic breath, pasted on a smile and opened the door.

"Aw, Aud. We're here for you," Katie said, sweeping me into her arms. "Breakups aren't easy, but we're here for you." I didn't know why they couldn't be here for me ... somewhere else.

"I thought I asked to be left alone," I said, trying to keep the venom out of my voice.

"I don't remember that," Lottie said, barging her way in and throwing the bags on the extra bed I'd been using as a study space and couch. "Do you remember that?" She directed her question to Katie, who shook her head.

"Nope. No recollection," Katie said, and elbowed Trish who agreed.

"Guys, honestly." At least I was dressed and showered. If they'd come over earlier, I wouldn't have been presentable.

Trish slammed the door with finality and the Cheer-Up Audrey party began.

The party was your standard post-breakup affair. Ice cream, candy, chips and the standard fare of movies, including John Tucker Must Die, Pretty in Pink and the first two seasons of Gossip Girl.

"Stryker offered to bring booze, in case you needed to drown your sorrows, but that didn't seem like the best idea," Katie said, handing me the bag of chips. I wasn't hungry, but they kept putting food in front of me.

"Look, I appreciate this, but I really want to be alone," I said several times, but no one listened. I was promptly shushed and told to pass the ice cream.

We'd all crammed ourselves onto my former roommate's bed. I could admit (grudgingly) that being smooshed together with three people I knew had my back did do something for my terribly bruised and damaged heart.

The movies and the junk food, not so much, but they were trying. The distraction kept my mind off ... what I didn't want to think about. At least for a little while. They couldn't distract me forever. Eventually I would be alone and I'd have to think about what I'd done.

Katie started playing with my hair, pulling it back and braiding it together. I remembered when Angel used to do the same thing and sing some of the lullabies in Spanish that our grandmother had taught her. She died when I was three, so my recollections of her are foggy and sparse, but at least there are photographs.

I didn't want to think about my family. I didn't want to think about Will. I just wanted to think about homework and term papers and keeping my GPA high.

When Katie was done with my hair, I leaned back on a pillow and closed my eyes, only intending to shut things out for a moment, but the next thing I knew, I was waking to the sound of voices.

"You're not a kid going between divorced parents, Lot," Katie said. I kept my eyes shut and my breathing even so they wouldn't know I was awake.

"What am I supposed to do? She's my friend, he's my brother. They're both important to me, and I'm not abandoning either one of them. I can't. That's non-negotiable. Trish was able to be friends with me and hang out with Stryker even though he was buddy-buddy with Zan."

"Yeah, but the difference is that you actually like your brother," Trish said.

"Whatever, we know you love Stryker." There was a snort of derision that I assumed came from Trish.

"She seems numb. I thought she'd be more emotional, but maybe she's blocking it out," Lottie said, and it was an effort to keep still.

"As long as she doesn't use sex as a coping mechanism like some of us," Katie said with a sigh. "Although, that did actually work out in my favor."

"I don't know. I just wish there was a way for both of them to be happy. I thought if they got together then everything would fall into place, but I can't force them to date each other, which is unfortunate," Lottie said, and there was a crackling sound as she rolled up the empty chip bag and shoved it in the trash. "I tried telling Will to keep fighting for her, but I'd rather see him give up and move on than keep trying to force something that isn't going to happen. We'll just have to wait and see. Shit, I have to get to work."

"And I have to get to the library," Katie said. "You going to stay until she wakes up?"

"Sure, I have nothing better to do," Trish said. "I'll take care of her."

Katie and Lottie said goodbye and left, closing the door softly. I decided it was time to wake up, so I groaned and stretched, letting my eyes open slowly.

"Well, good afternoon, Sleeping Beauty," Trish said, sitting down next to me.

"Where did everyone go?" I rubbed my eyes and sat up.

"Work and library. I have nothing better to do, so I'm your babysitter right now." She gave me a wide smile.

"I don't need a babysitter, you know." I moved my hand to push my hair over my shoulder and then I realized that it was still in the braid Katie had made earlier.

"I know, but I'm really terrible with this being-friends-with-girls stuff, and Lottie and Katie have experience, blah, blah, blah. What do you say we get you out of this room? I know it's hard right now. I remember when Ric died, all I wanted to do was live in bed forever, but Max got me up and out and it helped. Even if I hated him at the time. So come on. Get dressed in real clothes and we'll go somewhere." She smacked me on the knee and gave me a look that said there was no room for argument.

I climbed off my bed and went to grab some "real" clothes. I'd put on yoga pants and a baggy sweatshirt after my shower earlier.

Trish turned her back as I stripped and put on a pair of dark jeans and a cream sweater.

"Better?" I asked and she turned around.

"You really need some more color in your wardrobe. I know you're preparing to be a fancy lawyer and all, but you're young. You should make bold fashion choices while you still can. Maybe Katie and I could team up and do a makeover, even though our tastes are completely different."

I could admit that Katie had done a great job with Lottie, and Trish had the kind of effortless, daring style that I knew I couldn't pull off. But it might keep them (and me) busy and not thinking about things.

"Fine. I'm sure Lottie is tired of being Katie's human Barbie. Might as well give her a break."

"That's the spirit," Trish said, patting me on the shoulder as we walked to the parking lot where one of Stryker's "project" cars was parked.

"So how is Stryker enjoying his freedom?" Stryker had technically finished school last semester, but he was sticking around to be with Katie and he'd gotten a job as a teaching assistant and a part time internship with the lab on campus.

"He's been insufferable lately. I liked him more when he was all brooding and quiet and smoked too much. Now he's all ..." she waved her hand in the air, searching for the right word.

"Happy?" I supplied.

"Yeah. It's unnatural. I'm not used to my brother smiling and laughing so much. Which is pretty twisted if you think about it."

"That is pretty twisted," I said as she turned her car on, cursing at it a few times before it rumbled to life.

"I thought Stryker fixed it?"

"He did, but this car has decided to screw me over. It's sort of a battle of wills, but I'm not going down without a fight. Do you hear that?" She yelled the last part at the dashboard.

"So where are we going?" Trish shook her head as she pulled out of the lot and drove onto the main road in and out of campus.

"Uh uh. I'm not telling you. It would ruin the surprise." She started fiddling with the crackling radio, skipping to the next station before I could even figure out what song was playing.

"I thought you said you were cheering me up. You should probably know that I don't like surprises." I hated them, honestly. When I was a kid, I always found my birthday and Christmas presents where my parents hid them just because I couldn't stand not knowing what they were, and how to react to getting them.

That never stopped Will from surprising me though ...

"Surprises are good for you. Get you out of your comfort zone. And I think this will be especially good for you." She had a smirk on her face that was making very uncomfortable.

When I'd first met Trish, I didn't think I'd have anything in common with her, but then I found out about her family situation and that she was really sweet under the angry eye makeup and orange hair and tattoos. Plus, she had a soft spot for gooey romantic books, and she was one of those people who was always doing sweet things for others, but didn't want anyone to know about it. And she loved her brother with a fierceness that she would deny if asked.

I finally made her stop changing the radio stations because it was giving me a headache, but she still wouldn't tell me where we were going. We didn't head for the highway, so it couldn't have been anywhere that far. But fifteen minutes later we pulled into the parking lot of what appeared to be a tattoo shop, judging by the sign and neon lights promoting tattoos and piercings.

"Uh, Trish?"

"Yes, Audrey?" She turned to me with an innocent look on her face. Out of the corner of my eye I saw a guy wearing a leather vest with nothing underneath smoking while leaning against the building.

"What are we doing here?"

"Well, I am here to get another hole punched in my body and you're here to hold my hand and make sure I don't pass out."

"But you have a million piercings. Aren't you used to it by now?"

Trish grinned and opened her door.

"You'd think, but no."

"Then why do you keep doing it?" I reluctantly opened my door and stepped out, but I was ready to bolt at any moment.

Trish stopped and thought about it for a moment.

"I have no idea."

I braced myself on the hood of the car as Trish just kept walking.

"Come on, Aud. What doesn't kill you makes you stronger." She went to the door and held it open for me.

Once again, I had two options, but I was pretty sure Trish could outrun me. She might be shorter, but I was wearing heeled boots.

"Come on, come on. Aren't you just a little bit curious?" I sighed and stepped away from the car.

"Fine. But I'm not getting a tattoo or piercing anything. No matter what. I mean it." I pointed my finger at her to make my point.

"You're just here for moral support. Got it." She nodded and I walked slowly into the shop. Okay, it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. The floor was tiled in black and white squares and it was surprisingly bright, like a doctor's office. A girl with black and blonde hair filed her nails as she sat behind the desk right next to the door. She looked up at us as the door closed.

"Can I help-Oh, hey Trish. What can we do for you?" Obviously, Trish had been here before, which I knew had to be true.

"Hey Madeline. Um, I think I'm going to do my tragus. Is Magnus in?" A man poked his head from the open doorway right behind the desk.

"Did I hear my name?" He smiled when he saw Trish and she walked behind the desk and gave him a hug.

"And you brought a friend! You know you get ten percent off when you refer someone." He wiggled his black eyebrows, one pierced twice. I couldn't count the amount of other piercings that adorned his face, and his t-shirt showed sleeves of tattoos. He was quite a spectacle. I tried not to stare too much.

"Not this one, she's a virgin." Trish came back over and put her arm around me.

"Um, standing right here," I said. Trish thought I was a virgin, based on the stories I'd told her, but that didn't mean I wanted her telling anyone within hearing distance about my sexual history.

"I mean a body modification virgin. Single holes in your ears don't really count." I reached up and touched my earlobes. My mom had gotten them done when I was a baby, so I didn't even have any memory of it. Still, that didn't mean I wanted a needle going through my body just for the sake of adornment.

Magnus was still staring at me and then he cleared his throat.

"So, what can I do for you, Trish?"

"Tragus?" she said, pointing to her left ear. "I want to do both, but I don't want to do them at once." Magnus stepped around the table as conversation from the other side of the room and the buzz of a tattoo machine distracted me for a second.

Magnus inspected Trish's ear and then led her into the back of the shop, where there was a room with what looked like a dentist's chair in it, along with a case of various rings and bars for piercings. Some were so large they made me shudder.

Trish hopped into the chair and Magnus put on a set of gloves and pulled out a metal tray, covered it with a cloth and started getting out his tools.

"Don't you just do it with a gun?" I asked. Magnus gave me a look as if I'd uttered a scandalous curse word.

"Hell no. Do you know those guns can shatter your ear cartilage? Not to mention those things are completely unsanitary." I gave Trish a look as Magnus got out a bag with a little hoop in it and disinfected it.

Sorry I asked.

Magnus cleaned and then marked the spot on Trish's ear before holding a mirror up to show her. She agreed on the placement and then held her hand out. I took it and she stared up at the ceiling. Magnus put a clamp on the spot and then picked up what looked like a large sewing needle. Dear God. Was he really going to use that?

"Okay, take a deep breath for me." Trish did so. "And let it out," he said as he pushed the needle through the spot.

"Fuck!" Trish said, clenching my hand and squeezing her eyes shut.

"And now I'm going to put the jewelry in. Another deep breath." She winced when he put the hoop through her ear and then put a little ball in it and used pliers to close the hoop.

"And you're done." Trish's pupils were a little dilated and her hand shook in my grip. I tried to get her to let go, but she wouldn't.

"Trish?" I said, looking down at our joined hands. "Losing circulation."

"Oh, sorry." She unclamped her hand from mine and it was like springing a bear trap. I flexed my hand a few times.

"You okay?" Magnus said, staring into Trish's eyes. "Sometimes she faints." He directed that toward me.

"Then why do it?" I asked Magnus.

"Have you ever heard the expression 'beauty is pain'? I think the opposite is true." He smiled and patted Trish on the shoulder before giving her a mirror to check out her new piercing. It looked at home with all the other studs in her ear.

"So, how about it? Twenty percent off," he said to me as Trish stood up on shaky feet.

"You could get second holes in your ears," Trish said, tugging on my earlobe. I had thought about it before, but didn't have the guts or the opportunity.

"Live a little, Aud," Trish said, squeezing my shoulder and winking.

"O-Okay," I said and before I knew it, I was sitting in the chair and he was cleaning my earlobes and making dots on them. He repeated the process that he'd used with Trish, and before I knew it, I had two new holes in my ears.

"Took it like a champ," Trish said, as I let go of her hand. "And now that you've started, you won't be able to stop. Trust me. It's addicting."

Magnus handed me the mirror and I checked out the delicate crystal studs that now sat right above the pearls I had in my original holes. I was definitely shaky when I got to my feet and Magnus gave me a sheet with instructions on how to care for my ears.

"I'll help her. I know the drill," Trish said. "Next stop, first tattoo." Second holes in my lobes was one thing, but permanently inking my body was something else entirely. I didn't think I'd ever be ready for that.

Trish ended up paying for my ears, even though I told her not to. She hugged Magnus again and he told me to come back to him anytime.

My ears had started burning and they pulsed with pain.

"Ow," I said, touching my ear gingerly.

"Don't touch. That's the first rule. And I'll give you some of my cleaning stuff for them. How do you feel, Wild Woman?" I didn't exactly feel like a wild woman.

"I don't know," I said. "But I'm really hungry right now."

"Then let's get you something to eat."

8

"Okay, Mr. Mopey-pants. You need sun. And a shower," Simon said, yanking the blankets off my bed and pulling up the venetian blinds.

The sun was cruel. I closed my eyes against it and moaned.

Simon sat down on the edge of my bed.

"I know that you're bound to be a little depressed right now. That's only natural, but you've sunk a little too low for ... well, you. You didn't act like this with Kandy."

"Audrey isn't Kandy," I mumbled. "Not even close." Kandy had been a nice girl, and I had cared for her, but she wasn't the girl. And all I could think about when I thought of her was all the things I didn't like about her. Why the hell had I dated her anyway?

"Come on. It's time to get up. You've missed enough classes and meals and it's not healthy anymore. Come on, get up." Simon's voice was sharp, a tone I'd never heard before. It made me sit up in surprise.

"Now get your ass out of bed before I drag you. Go!" He pointed to the door as he yelled, his face dark as a storm.

Wow. I must be really bad if Simon was putting his mean face on. I ran my fingers through my hair. Or at least I tried to. It was so tangled that the task was impossible. I could also smell the shirt I was wearing, and it wasn't a good thing.

Okay, so I was beyond disgusting. I'd crossed over to Funkville, USA, population: Me.

"I'll go shower."

"Oh, thank goodness," Simon said, collapsing on his bed. "I don't like being the bad cop. But seriously, you were getting disgusting. I was one day away from carrying you to the shower and shoving you in. Thanks for not making me do that."

"You're welcome." I gathered up some fresh clothes and my shower stuff and headed for the bathroom.

I stood for a long time under the running water, just thinking.

I hadn't seen or talked to Audrey in a week. Not once. She'd asked me to leave her alone, so I was going to respect that. No starting over, no being just friends. Quitting, period.

I couldn't remember the last time my life had sucked this much, and it wasn't just the absence of Audrey that made it that way. Lottie was also having a hard time, and that made it so much worse.

Not just a hard time, an impossible time. She tried to split her time between me and Audrey, giving us both equal visitation, but it was wearing on her. The other problem was that she didn't feel like she could talk about Audrey in my presence, or comment on her existence in any way. I was sure she did the same thing when she saw Audrey. I'd asked her to stop, but she wouldn't. My stubborn sister. She loved both of us and she was determined to stay bonded with each of us. Well, she didn't really have a choice where I was concerned, but she also refused to abandon her friend. Not that I blamed her.

I asked Simon about it when Lottie wasn't around. Our group had fractured a little bit now that Lottie, Katie and Trish sometimes spent nights with Audrey, leaving "the boys" to fend for ourselves. It was the most time I'd spent apart from Lottie at college, and it felt unnatural. I was always looking for her, or waiting for her to arrive, or turning to tell her something, assuming she was still beside me.

It was like missing half of my body.

I shook my head and remembered that I needed to wash my hair. I still couldn't get my hands through it.

I should just cut it. I finished my shower and went back to my room and called Lottie.

"Hey, you free this afternoon? I really need that haircut."

"Yeah, I can absolutely do that for you." I could hear her walking and then a door closing. That probably meant she was somewhere with Audrey. Thinking her name still made a jolt of pain go through me. I wondered how long it would take for that to subside. If I'd ever be able to see her again and not feel the way I currently felt.

"So I'll see you in a few hours?" I said, finally remembering that I was on the phone with Lottie.

"I'll come to you."

I hung up and Simon threw my tennis racket at me. Good thing I had decent reflexes and I caught it before it hit me in the face.

"Tennis, anyone?" Simon said, holding up my spare racket and made a few practice swings.

"Tennis? Really?"

"Well, if you get sassy with me, I can beat you with the racket, so it's a win-win." I gave him a look, but got up and went to change into more athletic clothing.

"I completely forgot that the word love is in this game. My bad. But still, it never hurts to hit a few balls, if you know what I mean," Simon said with a wink as we took our places across from each other on the court.

"No, actually, I don't know a whole lot about hitting balls, Simon."

"Well, you don't know what you're missing. Your serve." He threw a ball at me and I caught it, pointing at him with my racket.

"Enough. Let's play." I served first and Simon volleyed back and then I smashed the ball into the court right on the line.

"That was in," I said.

"Normally, I would argue with you, but I'm afraid you'll decapitate me in my sleep with that thing, so I'll let it slide. Fifteen-Love."

We kept playing, scoring pretty evenly. Simon was no tennis slouch.

"My parents made me take lessons when I was younger. It was one of the approved Wasp activities." Simon's parents were hardcore country clubbers, and also jerks who couldn't seem to accept that their son was, in fact, g*y and not just "rebelling" or "going through a phase." They'd even sent him to one of those creepy camps where they try to un-gay you, but all that had happened was he'd hooked up a lot, so it hadn't been a completely horrible experience for him.

I won three out of five sets and by the time we were done my shirt was soaked with sweat and my hair was dripping in my eyes. Yeah, I definitely needed that haircut. I was also starving.

"If I don't eat something, I'm going to pass out," Simon said as we both wiped our faces with the scratchy towels in the locker room.

"Agreed," I said as we walked toward the little cafe located next to the tennis courts on the first level of the fitness center.

Two girls were waiting for smoothies in front of us, and I could feel them checking both of us out.

"Nice day for a workout, isn't it?" Simon said with a huge smile. If anyone else would have said the same phrase, it would have been corny, but Simon made it work.

He started chatting with them and tried to bring me into the conversation, but I wasn't in the mood. I was sure these two were perfectly nice and sweet (or maybe not, I didn't know them), but they weren't Audrey. If I couldn't talk to her, I didn't really see the point in talking to someone else.

I'd apparently abandoned Funkville for Emoville. I could feel Simon trying to draw me out, but I just wasn't into it. And then there was a voice behind me that made me freeze.

"Hi, Will." I would have heard her voice across a room full of people shouting.

I could see Simon staring at me, waiting for my reaction.

For a second, I considered ignoring her and pretending she wasn't there. But I couldn't ignore her if I tried.

"Hi, Aud." The sight of her after not seeing her in a week hit me like a punch in the gut.

She had her hair pulled back in a long ponytail and her tank top and shorts hugged her body in a way that made me remember what it was like to feel that body pressed against mine.

"How-how are you?" she said, moving her hand to brush her hair over her shoulder, but forgetting it was up.

Sweaty, currently. Probably didn't smell all that great. And missing her.

"I'm good. How are you?"

We moved out of the line so we could talk and I heard Simon ordering me a sandwich.

"Good ... good." She nodded and clasped her arms in front of her.

Shit, this was awkward.

"I thought you wanted me to leave you alone?" I hoped I didn't sound like an ass**le.

"I know. I do. But we can't help it if we run into each other from time to time. We can at least be ... cordial, right? Exchange small talk. Very small talk. Tiny talk. Micro talk."

"I don't want to talk about the weather with you, Aud." That wasn't necessarily true. I didn't care what I talked with Audrey about, as long as we were talking.

"I know. I'm sorry. I should have left when I saw you, but ..."

I took a step closer. "But, what?"

"But ... nothing. I'm sorry. I need to go." She turned and rushed away.

"What the hell are you doing?" Simon hissed. "Go after her!"

"Why? She doesn't want me to."

Simon shook his head as if I was being extremely stupid.

"She wants you. GO AFTER HER." He stepped behind me and shoved, so I had no choice but to move forward. I'd seen Audrey disappear down the hall, probably into the locker room. Once I was moving, it was much easier to keep moving in the direction Audrey had gone.

I had one moment of hesitation outside the door to the women's locker room. It was probably a really bad idea to barge in.

I barged in anyway.

"What the hell?" A woman washing her hands at the sink said. Huh. The women's room was a lot nicer than the men's room. What was up with that?

I hurried as fast as I could to look for Audrey without making too many other women upset. I definitely caught a few sans clothes, but I tried to cover my eyes and only stare directly ahead.

I found her leaning against a locker.

"Aud." Her ponytail whipped as she turned around at the sound of my voice.

"Will! What are you doing in here?"

"I came to find you." She gaped at me and then grabbed my arm and yanked me toward the door again.

"It's a good thing I wasn't just getting into the shower," she said as soon as we were out in the hallway. "Or maybe you were hoping to catch me?" Her voice became a little flirty, which I wasn't expecting. But then, this was Audrey. I never knew where her head was.

"If I said no, would you believe me?" I said, smiling a little bit.

"Maybe."

We breathed in unison for a moment. It was a rush seeing her again; I couldn't lie about that.

"I'm sorry," we both said at the same time, which then made us both chuckle.

"We seem to be saying that a lot to each other, don't we?" I said.

"I don't know what you're sorry for, except telling me you loved me right before I said 'thank you' and then told you I just wanted to be friends." Just hearing her talk about it brought it all back.

"Yeah, I kind of try to forget about that. It wasn't my finest hour."

She looked down.

"Oh, I don't know about that. It was pretty romantic, doing it on New Year's. Any other girl would have been ecstatic."

"But I didn't say it to any other girl. I said it to you." She looked up and for a moment I thought she was going to cry. Instead she bit her lip and looked away from me again.

"Look, I don't know how to do this, to see you and have everything be okay. Starting over didn't work and just being friends didn't work and staying apart didn't work, at least for me," she said.

I couldn't lie, I'd been dying to know how she'd been doing since I'd seen her last.

"It hasn't been great for me either."

She took a deep breath.

"I missed you. And being with everyone else."

"I missed you." She held my gaze for a few seconds.

"So now that we've gotten that out of the way, how about we just ... be us? No definitions. Just doing what we were doing? What do you think?"

I thought it was probably as good an offer as I was going to get. And if it meant I could see her, then I was all for it.

"I'm in." She finally smiled, and my chest expanded and I felt like something heavy I'd been holding onto for the last week had vanished.

"Great. So, um, I'll see you for dinner tonight?"

"Yeah, I'm going over to Lottie and Zan's so she can cut my hair. It's gotten a little out of hand." I pushed it out of my eyes.

"Don't cut it too much. I mean," she said, blushing a little. "You can cut it if you want. It's your hair."

"Are you saying that you like it long? Because I would also tell you that I love your hair long." I couldn't believe I'd used the L word, even if it was just about her hair.

"I know," she said.

Someone cleared their throat behind me and I looked over my shoulder to find Simon holding up two sandwiches and wearing a sheepish look on his face.

"Sorry to interrupt," he said.

"No, it's okay. Would you like to join us?" I said to Audrey.

"Sure. That would be great." Simon put both his hands up to stop us from walking toward him.

"Hold up. I need to know what the situation is between you two. Because it changes more than Prince changes what he wants to be called."

"We're the people formerly known as Will and Audrey," I said with a serious face. Audrey nodded.

Simon glared, but turned around and walked toward an empty table in the little cafe.

"Shall we?" I said gesturing toward the table.

"We shall."

He looked so good when I saw him. There was something about a guy after he'd done something physical. One of those primal things. Of course, he looked glorious while sweaty whereas I just looked gross.

Oh well. I was just glad to see him.

After we decided that we were going to just be, we all sat down and had lunch. It was hard at first, but once we started catching up on what we had missed in our week of, whatever that was, it was like slipping into our former selves.

Reading between the lines, Will had had just about as terrible week as I had, and I caught him kicking Simon under the table when he tried to elaborate on Will's mood.

"So, I'm going to go and grab a shower, because I seriously need one," Will said.

"Agreed. I mean, I also need a shower," I said. My eyes met Will's and we both smiled in unison.

"And I think that is my cue to excuse myself to see my boyfriend and let the two of you have a moment. William, Audrey." Simon bowed and grabbed our trash before taking both rackets and strolling out the door.

"That was subtle," I said.

"Yeah, he doesn't really know how to do subtle," Will said. I'd completely forgotten that I'd left my things in the locker room, so I went back to grab them and then Will and I walked out together. I wished I could have had the shower before spending time with him, but it couldn't really be helped now. I just hoped the wind didn't carry my smell in his direction.

"So I know we're going to just ... do whatever now, but what exactly does that mean? Does that mean we can, uh, have physical contact?" I knew exactly what he was asking, but it was cute watching him squirm. I shifted my gym bag on my shoulder. I'd never really been a workout girl, but I'd started taking a few Pilates classes to try to take my mind off Will. Guess I didn't really need to do that anymore.

"How about we just see what feels natural? We'll make things up as we go along." Honestly, I had no idea what we should or shouldn't be doing. Like I'd told him, I was making this up as I went along. I couldn't get rid of Will and I couldn't just be friends with Will and I couldn't really be with him.

This was about to get complicated.

"So, how does this feel?" he said, taking my hand and entwining our fingers. I hoped my hand wasn't sweaty.

How did it feel? Right. Safe. Perfect.

"I guess this is okay." I was glad he couldn't feel the heat radiating up my arm from where our skin made contact.

"Okay is good."

"It is." For now.

9

"Is this okay?" Will said breathlessly a week later when his hand had started making its way up my shirt as we lay on my bed. I wasn't really sure how it happened. One minute we were watching a movie and the next we were horizontal and I was trying to remember if I'd worn cute underwear or not.

"Um, red light," I said, despite my entire body screaming at me to shut up and let him continue what he was doing. I wanted it, wanted him, but having sex with Will right now wasn't a good idea. It was the opposite of a good idea.

As soon as the words left my mouth, Will withdrew his hand and sprung away from me as if I'd caught fire, a look of terror on his face.

"I'm so sorry. I shouldn't have ..."

I waved my hand.

"No, it's not completely your fault. I guess we just sort of got caught up in the moment." More like ensnared in the moment.

"I think I should probably sit over here," he said, sliding down to the opposite end of the bed. Part of me wanted to protest and make him come back over and continue with what he'd started, but I moved away from him instead.

"Okay," I said, turning my attention back to the movie. I'd completely forgotten what we were watching, but it took five seconds to realize it was one of the Star Wars movies. Somehow Will had convinced me to watch them. Again. My one caveat was that he had to watch all the Harry Potter movies with me.

"Aud?"

"Hm?" I could feel Will's eyes watching my face.

"Will you come to the party with me tonight? I know it's not really your thing, but it will be a lot more fun if you're there." Sometimes it astonished me that two such different people as Will and me could find common ground. He made interacting with just about anyone look effortless. He had such an easy smile and could talk to anyone, whereas I seemed to forget how to talk and spent most of the time in a corner.

I knew about the party way before now, and I'd already agreed to go with Lottie and the other girls, but I couldn't say no to Will. Well, at least where a party was concerned.

"Sure, I'll go with you." He smiled so brightly, but then suppressed it. I bit my lip and pretended I didn't notice.

"Great. So I'll pick you up around seven?"

"Sounds good." He brushed his still-long hair back from his eyes. I guess he'd taken me seriously about not cutting it all off. My fingers twitched, remembering how it had felt to be touching that hair only a few minutes before. For a guy, he must have used good conditioner.

We watched the movie in silence, which was odd for Will. He loved to talk during movies, but I didn't mind, especially when he got so excited about something he'd seen a million times.

He was thinking hard about something, and I hoped it wasn't the fact that I'd told him to stop when we'd been making out. It definitely wasn't because Will was a bad kisser.

I knew from reading between the lines, and from what Lottie had told me, that he had had a lot of kissing experience. I was very glad of this experience and chose to ignore the fact that he'd used them on girls who weren't me. He had a set of lips and he knew exactly how to use them.

After a few more minutes of Will's silence, I couldn't take it anymore.

"What are you thinking about?" I turned my body so I was facing him.

He kept his eyes on the television screen.

"Nothing much. Just have a lot of homework. I really shouldn't have made that resolution about my GPA. It's hard enough keeping up with you without worrying about my grades." What the hell was he talking about?

"What do you mean by keeping up with me?"

He finally looked at me.

"I'm not sure if you're aware of this, but you're very intimidating, Aud."

He was so serious it made me snort.

"No, you are," he said as I shook my head. "And the best part is that you have no idea."

Someone had told me something similar once. As soon as I touched the edge of the memory, all kinds of things flooded forward. Things I definitely didn't want to think about when I was with Will. I pushed them aside, but I knew they would be back later. They always came back.

She was being ... more difficult to figure out than normal, which was definitely saying something. I spent a lot of time sitting around and dissecting our conversations.

At least she'd agreed to go to the party with me, even after I'd gotten handsy and she'd told me to stop. I kind of wanted to die of shame, but she seemed just as embarrassed as I was.

"Just give her time," Lottie said.

"She'll come around. She can't resist you. I can barely resist you," Simon said, raising his eyebrows suggestively.

I ignored the second part of what he said and tried to focus on the first part as I grabbed my keys to go pick Audrey up.

She didn't look any different than usual, but still. Seeing her took my breath away. Sometimes I couldn't even believe that I was lucky enough to exist in her presence. As if she was some sort of royalty, or a goddess.

"Hey," I said as she pulled herself up into the truck. I didn't think this was technically a date, so I didn't get out and open the door for her. I'd debated on whether I was going to do so or not for at least an hour, which was pretty pathetic.

"Hey. You look nice." Instead of one of the nerdy/band shirts that I usually wore, Lottie had forced me into a fitted black t-shirt and the nicest pair of jeans that Mom had bought me when we'd gone back-to-school shopping.

"Thanks, so do you." She looked more than nice, but I didn't want to make a big deal out of it. I wasn't her boyfriend.

"Everyone is going to meet us there," I said, just because the silence felt awkward.

She just nodded and stared out the window. Clearly, her mind was occupied with something else.

"Everything okay?"

"Hm?"

I repeated my question.

"Oh, yeah. Fine. Just thinking about homework." Hey, I gave it a shot. I had a feeling she would lie to me. I knew her well enough now to know the change in her voice when she lied.

"I like your new earrings." She'd gotten second holes done and I kept getting distracted by the new bling in her ears.

"Thanks." I waited for her to elaborate, but she didn't.

I didn't say anything else until we got to the house where the party was being held. It wasn't technically a frat house, but a lot of guys who wanted to have the fraternity lifestyle lived there, so it was an unofficial house. I had a few of the guys in my classes, which was how I'd even known about the party in the first place.

I texted Lottie as I crammed my truck into a spot near the back of the lot behind the house. I didn't see her car yet. She messaged back that Katie'd had some sort of wardrobe crisis and they were on their way. Figured. Katie was constantly having wardrobe crises.

"Guess it's just you and me. Do you want to go in?" My truck's heater was a piece of shit and she was clenching her hands together.

"Yeah, sure." I escorted her across the icy parts of the parking lot, both of us laughing and agreeing if one of us went down, we were both going down.

Finally we made it to the front of the house, where the porch pulsed with a bass beat that moved from our feet up through our bodies. I used to love parties like this, but I'd actually been hoping Aud and I could talk tonight. Guess that wasn't going to be as easy as I'd thought.

I could feel her getting tense next to me, and I wondered why she'd agreed to this if she felt so uncomfortable. Once again, I had no idea what was going on in her head.

As soon as we got through the door some of my friends spotted me and came over. Judging by the smell on their breath and their glassy eyes, they were already several drinks in. Not that long ago, I would have been jealous.

I had a red cup shoved in my hand and Audrey did too. I tried to introduce her, but I didn't know what to introduce her as, so I just went with, "this is Audrey." I wasn't real close with a lot of these guys so this was the first they were hearing about her. That didn't stop them from giving me suggestive looks and trying to tease Audrey. She took it in stride and sipped from her cup, but I definitely caught her making a face as she swallowed.

I was beginning to regret bringing her and wishing Lottie was here so she at least had another friend to talk to (other than me) when someone called her name from across the room.

"Audrey!" It was a guy I'd never seen before and the second she saw him, all the color drained from her face and the plastic cup fell from her hand and splattered on the floor.

This wasn't happening. Couldn't be happening. I saw him about a half second before he yelled my name. My brain hadn't even registered who he was.

I could feel Will watching me freak out and I felt the cup slip from my hand, but I couldn't move to do anything about it. I wanted to run. Really did. But that wasn't possible.

He made his way through the crowd. He was just as good looking as he'd been in high school, which was the last time I'd seen him. Junior year, specifically, when he'd tried to come and speak with me, but I'd avoided him. Right before I'd transferred to another school. Mostly so that I didn't have to speak to him again, or see him again, or explain anything.

Finally, he reached us at the same time that he noticed I was standing next to Will.

My voice stuck in my throat.

"Hey, long time no see. I didn't know you went here." I didn't know he did, either. It was one of the downsides of deleting all your social media accounts and transferring schools without a word.

My stomach started churning with memories and I finally found my voice.

"Hi, Eddie." His dark hair was longer than I remembered, and he might be taller, or maybe my memories were faulty. That was a possibility.

I could feel Will twitching next to me, dying to know who the hell this guy was. That was a question with a complicated answer that very few people knew about.

"So, how have you been?" Eddie said, flicking a glance at Will, but ignoring him.

"Fine," I said, shifting from one foot to the other and resisting the urge to start playing with my hair. "Um, Will, this is Eddie. We went to high school together. This is my friend Will." Friend was the easiest way to describe Will right now.

"Sure, nice to meet you," Eddie said, nodding at Will.

"Same here. Small world, isn't it?" Will was smiling, but I could tell it wasn't one of his real smiles. He had seen my face when I'd first caught sight of Eddie and it told him that I wasn't thrilled to see Eddie. That was an understatement.

"There you are!" Lottie's voice cut through the noise and the crowd and then there was an arm around my waist.

"Who's this?" she said, staring at Eddie.

"Eddie," he said, nodding at her as Zan, Simon, Brady, Trish, Max, Katie and Stryker all came in behind Lottie. The gang was all here. No getting out of this situation now.

"We knew each other in high school," I said to the new arrivals as Eddie introduced himself to everyone. It was the easiest explanation that wasn't an actual explanation.

"Okay, well it was nice to meet you all and see you again, Audrey. Maybe we could catch up or something sometime." He winked and headed off in the direction of a clutch of guys who were all yelling about something.

"You owe me an explanation," Lottie said, pulling me down so she could whisper in my ear. I turned my head and she gave me a look. I was getting a lot of those right now.

"I think I need a drink," Will said.

"Aren't you the DD?" Lottie pointed out.

"Shit, yeah." I turned to him and all I could see were the questions in his eyes. It didn't take a genius to see that there was history between Eddie and me and I wasn't being forthcoming.

"Let's go find somewhere to talk," I said in a low voice so only Will could hear. He nodded and gave Lottie a look. She nodded and rounded everyone up to go get drinks as Will took my hand and led me to the stairs.

He must have been in this house before because he found an unoccupied bedroom. I walked in and he shut the door behind me. The party noise seeped through the floor, but the room was relatively soundproof.

"Are you okay?" Will said, reaching out as if he wanted to hug me. "I saw your face when that guy came over." I was confused for a moment. I'd thought he was going to be pissed at me for not telling him about Eddie, but the more I thought about that, the more I realized he had no reason to be pissed. He didn't know the details of my past relationship with Eddie and I definitely didn't want him to find out.

"I ... I'm fine. It was just a shock, to see someone from high school, that's all." I hoped he bought it.

His eyebrows contracted and he dropped his hands and put them in his pockets.

"Are you sure? I thought you'd seen a zombie or something. That's not the kind of reaction you have when it's just a high school friend. Do you have history or something with him?" He tried to ask the last part casually, but I could sense his desire to know what Eddie and I had shared.

I sighed as if I didn't want to unburden myself.

"I had a crush on him in high school, okay? I kind of made a fool of myself and he rejected me and it was embarrassing." This was partly true.

Will looked at me as if I'd grown an extra head.

"You really expect me to believe that guy rejected you?" Okay, so that part wasn't completely true. I'd added that as my reason for not wanting to see Eddie. "Nope, that definitely didn't happen. Unless he's an idiot. Or has brain damage. Or is an alien life form." Eddie was none of those things. Well, he was a bit of an idiot, which I didn't realize until after the glow of having a crush on him for several years wore off. Still, he wasn't a bad guy. What happened between us was both of our faults.

"You didn't know me in high school, Will. I was really awkward there for a while." I still felt awkward ninety percent of the time. Will continued to look at me as if I was suddenly speaking in a foreign language. I walked over and sat on one of the beds crammed into the room. It probably wasn't the best idea, sitting on a stranger's bed, but I needed to sit down. Will came and sat next to me. The sheets smelled a bit funky, but I tried not to breathe too deeply.

"Aud?" He put a hand on my shoulder. "Are you sure you're okay?"

No, I wasn't. I was far from it. My head was spinning, taking me back to another party, one where I'd had more than a few drinks and Eddie had been there and ...

No. With all of my mental force, I pushed those memories aside. They weren't allowed to come out now, not when I was with Will.

"Yeah, I'm okay. Really." I smiled and tried to make it genuine.

He rubbed my shoulder and moved his hand to my back. I leaned on him and he wrapped his other arm around me.

There is something so comforting about just being held by someone you care about. Will rubbed my back, making little circles as the music pounded on below us and the party continued without interruption.

"Thanks for being here with me," I said after a little while. "You're always there for me."

Will shifted so he could look at me.

"Where else would I be?" He touched my chin, holding it as if he was going to pull my face up for a kiss. I wanted him to. I wanted him to kiss me and make me forget about Eddie. Forget about my past.

"With someone that treats you better." With someone who would appreciate him.

"I don't want someone else. It's you I want." He ran his thumb back and forth on my lips. "Unless you don't want me."

Oh, but I did.

"I do want you." It was the first time I'd actually said it out loud. He inhaled sharply and then smiled.

"Good. Because I was about ready to beat the shit out of that Eddie guy if you still had a thing for him."

"Real mature, Will," I said against his thumb. At least he hadn't quoted Star Wars, even though I thought that was pretty adorable.

He moved his thumb and crushed his lips against mine with so much force we both fell back on the bed. I wasn't thinking (much) about how clean the blankets were, or the fact that I was in someone else's house.

All I could think of was Will. All I wanted to think of was him. Not Eddie. Not the last few years. Nothing but Will.

All I saw, all I tasted, all I felt was his body. His warm hands holding me, his lips and tongue against my mouth, his breath, the stubble that was just breaking through on his chin, his hips on mine, matching perfectly. I gasped as he pressed against me and growled a little, low in his throat.

"Oops," a voice said, causing me to break away from Will and smash my nose with his.

"Ow!" I screamed and fell away from him at the same time he yelled, "Shit!"

Squinting up through watering eyes, I saw Lottie standing in the doorway looking both sheepish and not surprised to find us in our present position.

10

"Are you kidding me right now, Lot?" I said, rubbing the bridge of my nose and wiping tears out of my eyes. "Are you okay?" I hoped I hadn't hurt Audrey's face with my stupid nose. She was also rubbing her eyes, but appeared otherwise unharmed.

I knew that Lottie had to know exactly what Audrey and I were up here doing. The question was, why had she cock-blocked me? Sometimes having a twin was the WORST, especially when that twin was a girl who seemed to have a secret agenda she didn't want to inform you of.

"Just checking you two to make sure you were ... okay," Lottie said, her eyes acting all shifty. Her lies weren't fooling anyone.

"We should, um, go down," Audrey said, pulling away from me. Shitfuck. Thanks a bunch, Lot. Just when I'd thought Audrey and I were making progress, she had to come and ruin it.

Audrey wouldn't look at me, but I knew I was outnumbered, so I got up and followed the ladies back down the stairs and into the pounding chaos of the party.

Audrey avoided touching me for the rest of the night. A tiny little microscopic part of me was pissed that things were so hot and cold, off and on, but I knew it wasn't Audrey's fault. There was something going on inside of her that she couldn't face. Some deep dark secret. I'd known this since I first met her and I didn't need to use the Force to see it.

To be honest, yeah, it hurt that she didn't think she could trust me with her secret. But even more than the hurt was the fact that she was suffering and there was nothing I could do about it. I wanted to help her, to make it better. I just had no idea how.

When I dropped her off, she sat in the truck for a minute, as if she wanted to say something.

"You know, one of these times you're going to get mad at me for jerking you around and decide you're done with me and a little part of me is looking forward to that day. Because then I won't be jerking you around anymore." Her voice was quiet, almost too quiet to hear. She twisted her hands together and wouldn't look at me.

"I'm not mad at you, Aud. I just want to be with you, and here for you, whether that's as a friend or someone you want to date, or whatever."

She shook her head.

"Why are you so patient with me?" I didn't know. Patience wasn't one of my virtues and my sister didn't have it either.

"Because you need me to be," I said before I thought about the words. She brushed her hand across a cheek, maybe wiping a tear away, but before I could ask, she opened the door and was walking toward the door of her building.

I resisted the urge to smash my head on the steering wheel. I wanted to go after her, but I sensed she needed some time alone. I just hoped that time wouldn't last too long.

"You knew what you were walking in on," I said to Lottie. Simon wanted some alone time with Brady and I'd decided to spend the night at my sister's. Not that you got much privacy in a dorm room with paper-thin walls, but still.

"Of course I did. But aren't you glad it was me and not someone else?" Not really.

"We were just ..." I couldn't say what we were just about to do to Lottie. I'd never had an issue of discussing my relationships with her before. This was different.

"I know what you were just. With her just. In a nasty apartment, on a stranger's bed that may or may not contain remnants of several STDs. How absolutely romantic, Will." She smacked me on the back of the head.

"Hey!" I grabbed her arm and yanked her over the back of the couch, pinning her arms behind her back. "What's with the hitting?"

She struggled to get free, and I twisted a little.

"My boyfriend is going to kick your ass."

"Your boyfriend isn't getting involved," Zan called from the other side of the room.

"No sex for you," Lottie called back at him. Ugh, I did NOT want to think about my sister and Zan. Especially not at the present moment.

Lottie finally stopped resisting and I let her go.

"For someone who is so attuned to me, you seem to know next-to-nothing about how women think." That was definitely not true and she knew it.

"You mean I shouldn't have tried to make a move on Audrey in someone else's disgusting bed. That she would want something more special, would deserve something more special. Is that what you're getting at?"

"Obviously."

"Well, my answer to that is that I didn't PLAN anything. She was upset and I was trying to comfort her and then we started kissing and I stopped thinking and then you barged in. Maybe if you'd waited, nothing would have happened anyway." Nothing had happened, no matter how many times we'd been in compromising positions. We would be kissing and I'd go for something more and she'd stop me, or I would worry that she would want to stop me, so I would beat her to it.

"There's a whole lot more to this than sex, Lot."

She gave me a look as if I'd just said the dumbest thing in the history of dumb things.

"Don't insult my intelligence. I know that what you have is more than just sex. This is the first girl I've ever seen you so torn up over. And I may not have known Aud that long, but I can tell that this is different for her, too."

"Has she ... has she said anything?"

Lottie shook her head and put her hands up.

"Nope, sorry bro. That breaks Girl Code." Again with the Girl Code.

"What about Twin Code? Doesn't that supersede Girl Code?"

She thought about it for a second.

"In some cases, yes, but not in this one. That's not saying that I know anything. But hypothetically, if I knew something, I couldn't tell you."

Sometimes I wondered how I was actually related to her.

"So do you know something, or not?"

"I'm sorry, Will. This is her thing. I'm taking myself out of it. This is between the two of you." She hopped up from the couch and ran to give Zan a kiss on the cheek.

"Well-played, L." He smiled down at her as if she'd split the atom.

"Thank you."

"One of these days, she and I are going to gang up on you and then you're going to be sorry," I said to Zan. He didn't look as terrified as I wanted him to. Seeing as how he was several inches taller than me, it probably wasn't much of a threat. Lottie, she could do some damage to him, but he was aware of that already.

"Secrets aren't easy things to carry. Especially when you care about someone and want, more than anything, to tell them," Zan said. He didn't talk much, but usually what he said was worth listening to. It was hard to believe that just a few months ago, I'd imagined all the ways I could kill him and now he was a few steps away from being my brother-in-law.

"True. See, we have firsthand experience," Lottie said.

"So what should I do?"

They looked at each other and seemed to exchange some wordless communication. It was different than how Lottie and I seemed to almost always know what the other was thinking.

"That's up to you," Lottie said. "And her. It's up to you. Together. But you have to decide what you want, and how far you're willing to go to get it. What you're willing to accept, or forgive." Anything. I'd accept or forgive her anything without hesitation. That was a stupid question.

I loved her. Nothing she said, or did, could change that. But a relationship was two people. I could love her more than anything, but it could never work if she didn't love me back. If she could even love me back.

Lottie sensed my mental distress and came to give me a hug.

"I'm here for you, William. Your heart is my heart. When you hurt, I hurt. I wish I could wave a wand and make this better for you." I hugged her back and swallowed hard. "Love sucks, doesn't it?"

Yes. It did.

Once again, I was jerking Will around. It made me feel awful, and I knew it made him feel awful, but I just couldn't seem to stop. Whenever we got close to anything physical, I would absolutely freak out and put a stop to it.

Not because I didn't want to be with Will. Oh, I definitely did. More than I'd admit. At night, when my mind would wander, I would imagine how it would be with him.

And then I would remember seeing Eddie again, something so unexpected that I was definitely still in shock about it.

When I'd closed that chapter in my life, I'd shoved him so far to the back of my mind that it was almost like he'd never existed.

I thought about telling Will. Imagining his reaction, wondering what he would say. How he would take it.

But those thoughts would just lead to me imagining the worst case scenario, where he stormed out and said he couldn't deal with it, and then I'd lose him. But it wouldn't just be Will. I'd lose Lottie and the rest of them, too. Above all, that was what I couldn't let happen. So if that meant keeping my secret forever, that was what I'd do.

In an effort to get my mind to think about something else, I threw myself into my work. Before I'd met Lottie, and during my senior year of high school, homework was just about all I did. I'd done it before and I could do it again.

I spent most of my time at the library, hiding in a corner so no one could find me. Will and Lottie and everyone else would call or text and I'd ignore them. I claimed to be busy with classes, which was the truth. The only downside was the class I had with Lottie, because when I looked at her, the only thing I could see was Will. They shared so many features and sometimes she would make a face and all I could see was him making the exact same face. It made my heart twist in uncomfortable ways.

Not that Lottie intentionally made things harder for me. But every now and then her words would get the best of her and she'd ramble on about Will and then things would get a little weird.

"I'm so sorry," she'd say, her face completely red. I'd assure her it was fine, but it still made things harder.

I ended up spending a lot of time with Trish. She didn't remind me of Will so much, and she had the ability to not talk for hours, as long as I didn't mind her smoking occasionally. It was trade-off.

"So what was the deal with you and that guy? You bang him?" she said one afternoon after both of us had gotten back from class as we stood in the designated smoking area outside my dorm.

No one had directly asked me that specific question. Will and Lottie had bought my other explanation and spread it to the others, who had accepted it without question.

One good thing about being honest 99 percent of the time was that the one time you needed to lie, people believed you.

But Trish was more skeptical than most.

"You did, didn't you?" she said, stubbing out her cigarette in the bucket as we headed back inside.

I still didn't say anything until we got up to my room and she flopped down on my extra bed.

"You don't have to say yes or no. Your silence is enough of an answer. But don't worry, I keep my mouth shut." She grinned and put her hands behind her head.

"Thanks," I said.

"No problem. The only thing I don't get is why anyone would care if you were with another guy. Now, if you were with a girl, or you got married or something, that would be different." I turned away to fiddle with my dresser so she wouldn't see my face. Granted, she hadn't gotten it exactly right, but if she kept guessing, she might.

"Okay, okay, I'll stop fishing. But you know I won't be the only one who wants to know your deep dark secret." I tried to make my face calm and passive as I turned around.

"Do you have one?" The only way to get the heat off me was to turn it on her. I hated to do it, but I was desperate.

"Maybe ... but doesn't everyone?" She smiled one of her rare smiles and then stared up at the ceiling.

"I guess." I couldn't imagine Will having a dark secret. He didn't seem the secret type. Plus, any secret he would have he shared with Lottie. Nor did she seem like the secret type. She was terrible at keeping secrets. They'd come out without her even knowing.

"I don't want to talk about secrets, especially my secrets. How are you?" Trish usually bristled at personal questions and just gave a sarcastic response.

"I'm f**king peachy," she said, which I'd expected. She'd taken the death of her friend Ric really hard, but she liked to pretend she hadn't. I hoped she at least talked with Max about it, since they'd been close at the funeral.

"Everything good with the boy?" She glared and tucked her hair behind her ears.

"Sex is good. What more could you want?" Okay, something was definitely up with her. I sat near her feet at the edge of the bed and waited.

"We're good, I swear. I just ... I never thought I could care about someone this much." She mumbled the words, as if she was admitting to some terrible crime.

"For a girl who claims to love Nicholas Sparks, you're certainly an anti-romantic." I wasn't supposed to mention her secret book obsession, technically, but I took the risk.

"It's not that I don't believe in that crazy, all-consuming, can't-breathe-without-you kind of thing. Just not for me. Those kinds of stories aren't for bitches like me. But we can all fantasize, right? Some people get off on bondage or peeing in public. I get off on sappy love stories." There was a lot of weird in what she'd just said, but I got it.

"Well, what if those kind of stories are for you?" They definitely weren't for me, that was for sure. But someone like Trish, who had been through so much, she deserved a great love. A blue-haired boy who thought she was the sweetest girl in the world, even when she wasn't.

"Whatever. I feel like I need another smoke. How about we grab some dinner or something? I was supposed to eat with the 'family', but I'm not feeling it and Max has to work tonight." The poor kid was putting himself though school and working three jobs to try to do it, so they didn't get much time together.

"Sounds good."

We walked across the street to the cafeteria. I'd barely eaten here since school had started back up, since I'd always been with one of the "family". We needed a more cohesive name. All the groups in Harry Potter did. The Death Eaters, Dumbledore's Army, the Order of the Phoenix. They all sounded so epic. We needed an epic name for our weird family. If I was even going to be able to stay a part of it.

"This is why I eat off campus," Trish moaned as we looked at the meager offerings. Thousands of dollars in tuition and all we had to eat was strange meatloaf, potatoes (because it was Maine, after all) green beans and small slivers of dry cake. I could have made a sandwich or a salad, but I just loaded up my tray and called it good.

Trish and I found a quiet corner away from some of the more rowdy diners. You'd think, being adults, that they would behave as such, but no. If possible, some people seemed to regress. I guessed I couldn't talk. I was obsessed with a fictional wizard.

"So how are the ears?" Trish asked.

"They still hurt sometimes. How's yours?" She touched her new piercing and winced.

"No pain, no gain. I went back to get some new jewelry and Magnus asked when I was bringing you back to get your first tattoo. He wants to do it for you, if you'd let him." I shook my head. No way.

"You know that's the worst idea ever. I'd pick something stupid and then be stuck with it."

"So? At least it would be a reminder of being young and stupid. A learning experience on your body. And I believe I read a study that said eighty percent of people don't regret their tattoos. So there's that as well. You have statistics on your side." She still wasn't going to convince me.

"I'm not getting a tattoo under duress."

She set her fork down and sipped her soda.

"Fine, fine. I'm not going to hold a gun to your head." We didn't speak much for the rest of the meal. Trish was moody, which could mean any number of a thousand things, but usually it was just the way she was most of the time.

I walked with her to the parking lot and she gave me a ride back to my dorm.

"Just one more word of advice. Keeping secrets from the person you need to tell most usually backfires and bites you in the ass. Just something to remember." Didn't I know it.

"Thanks, Trish." She waved and chugged away, the exhaust pipe of her car banging against the pavement.

11

Audrey and I sort of made an unspoken mutual decision that we needed a break from each other, at least for a few days. She said she had a lot of studying to do, and I had to admit that I did as well. My New Year's resolution to keep a high GPA, and the money incentive, were more than enough to get me to hit the books.

Audrey and I hadn't spoken about Eddie or the party, or Lottie barging in on us. She seemed to want to forget about it, and I kind of did as well. I found out through some of my friends that Eddie wasn't a student at DU, but had friends here and had been visiting for the weekend. So at least I didn't have the chance of running into him again, which was a relief. Whatever he'd had or not had with Audrey was over and I didn't want to dwell on what might or might not have happened.

I didn't want to be "that guy". Besides, Lottie would never let me be that guy. She'd tie me down and tickle me into submission first. Or she'd tell Mom and then I'd be screwed.

Taking out my frustrations on my academics was something I'd never really tried before. In high school, I'd used sports as my outlet when my girlfriend pissed me off, which was often. Thinking about our relationship through the lens of how I felt about Audrey was like looking at someone else's life. I couldn't believe what I'd put up with, and what I'd let happen. Not that I'd been a saint, because I definitely hadn't treated her very well, either.

"Wake up, boyfriend," Simon said one morning, a week and a half after the party. It was almost Valentine's Day, which was something that weighed heavily on my mind. Did I do something? Did I not do something? If I did something, how much should I do? I couldn't let it be like New Year's when I'd said I loved her and she'd thanked me. No, I wasn't going to screw this up.

I moaned and then Simon tore my covers off. I hated how much of a morning person he was. I also hated how he cleaned my side of the room without my consent and got mad at me when I got mad at him for it. Like I was the crazy one for not matching up my socks. They were either white, or white with a red toe. No one ever SAW the red toe, so what the hell did it matter?

"There's no time like today to start making your dreams come true."

"Are you quoting Oprah?" Her show might not be on anymore, but that didn't mean Simon didn't hang on every word she'd ever said.

"No, I'm quoting me paraphrasing Oprah. She's helped a lot of people, you know. And her houses are gorgeous." I rubbed my hands through my hair. It fluffed out everywhere, and if I wasn't careful, it was going to turn into a white boy fro. It had gotten so bad that something had to be done, but Lottie was off on a field trip with the marine bio department, so I was shit out of luck for today.

Maybe I should just borrow a pair of Simon's scissors and do it myself. The idea of actually going to a salon or something made me cringe. No one had ever cut my hair besides my mom and my sister. I didn't trust anyone else with a pair of scissors.

I took a shower and when I came back, Brady had arrived with a tray of coffee and a bag of baked goods. He happened to work part time at the Starbucks on campus, so he was always bringing stuff over. Whenever Simon and Brady had a little argument or tiff, I was always terrified. Mostly because I couldn't deal with a brokenhearted Simon, but also because I wouldn't get free caramel macchiatos anymore.

"Hey, Will," Brady said, tearing his eyes away from Simon for a moment. I bet if they had to spend an entire day staring at one another, they'd be all for it. Being around them was both disgusting and cute.

"Hey, Brady. Thanks for breakfast." I reached into the bag and pulled out an everything bagel with cream cheese. Just what I wanted.

Simon sat next to Brady on his bed and gave him a kiss.

"You're so good to me and my roommate," Simon said.

"My mother taught me right." I hadn't met Brady's mom, but Simon was a little obsessed with her and from what Brady said, the feeling was mutual. I was glad for him, because his own mother couldn't get past the fact that her son was g*y, and I wasn't sure if she ever would. Her loss.

"Yes, she did."

I finished my bagel and grabbed my coffee so I wasn't late for class. Lottie was always making fun of me for choosing a major that had tennis as a class, but I also had to take a ton of science, math and medical classes. Kinesiology wasn't a major for idiots, even though a lot of idiots went into it. There had been plenty of dropouts already.

My morning classes were a blur of mapping ions, crunching numbers and studying the chambers of the human heart. I barely had a moment for lunch, so I was rushing to my last class (psych) and cramming a sandwich in my mouth when I nearly smashed into a girl with silky hair and the best legs I'd ever seen.

"Hi, Will," she said automatically.

"Hi, Aud," I said, swallowing quickly and hoping I didn't have anything on my face or in my teeth.

I loved the look that passed over her face when I called her that. One of the reasons I did it was because it made her smile like that. Just for me. I wanted to stop and stare at her for ... well forever, but I was in a hurry.

"Look, I really have to go," I said at the same time she said, "I'm sorry, but I have to get to class." We both laughed and had to move out of the way so we didn't cause a bottleneck.

Sometimes I felt so awkward with Audrey. She completely knocked me off-balance. Lottie would tell me that was a good thing, but it was still frustrating and embarrassing.

"Well, bye," I said, hoping my face wasn't totally red.

"Yeah, bye." She gave me a little wave, which was un-Audrey-like. I stared after her for as long as I could before shoving the last bite of sandwich in my mouth and heading to class.

Why did I get so tongue-tied when I saw Will unexpectedly? It was so stupid. He wasn't a stranger, and I wasn't uncomfortable around him. It was inexplicable and I wished I could do something about it.

I shook my head at myself as I walked back to my room after my last class. Lottie was picking me up for dinner in a bit. We alternated nights at Lottie and Zan's and Stryker and Katie's so no one would have responsibility for feeding all of us. Despite their protests, I gave them money every week to pay for groceries. They were saving me a lot of money at the dining hall.

I pulled out my phone and turned it on to check to see if I had any texts. I always kept my phone off during classes on the random chance that someone tried to call me and I didn't turn the ringer off. I'd heard about one professor who'd taken a kid's phone and smashed it in front of the whole class. It had come out later that it was a stunt with his teaching assistant, but I didn't want to take any chances.

There was a missed call and a voicemail from my mother. That was odd. She normally didn't call me, and especially not during the day. My stomach sank and I felt my panic level rise as I listened to her message.

"Hi Audrey. I'm just calling because I talked to Maria today. There's something she needs to talk to you about. Call her." I had to sit down on my bed.

I listened to the message again, just to make sure I had the gist of it right before I deleted it. My mom had given me just enough information, but also not enough, so if I wanted to find out what was up, I'd have to call my aunt.

I lay back on my bed and grabbed my pillow and screamed into it. Why now? What did she want? She'd promised not to contact me. That was our deal.

She and Mom talked, I knew that. They were sisters, after all. They'd always been close and connected before I'd come in and destroyed that. No wonder Mom was still so angry with me.

I wanted to cry, to release some kind of emotion, but the tears wouldn't come. Instead of anger, or fear, or ANYTHING, all I could feel was blank. My body was a container, and everything had been poured out and I was left with an empty shell. I touched my face, just to make sure I was still real. It was a habit I'd picked up a few months ago.

I didn't move or do anything until there was a knock at my door, signaling it was time to go to dinner. I couldn't move.

Voices outside my door exchanged words, but I still couldn't move. Finally, someone busted through the door.

"No, she's here. Audrey? It's time to go to dinner," Trish said, bouncing onto my bed. I turned my head to the side. I was still empty.

"Are you okay?" She peered into my face.

"What's wrong?" Lottie said, swinging her keys around.

"I think she's broken," Trish said, jabbing my arm with her finger. The little bite of pain snapped me out of my frozen state.

"I'm okay," I said in a flat voice that didn't sound like it belonged to me.

Trish squinted at me.

"You sure as hell don't look okay." She poked me again. "What's up? Did you get less than a perfect grade?" If she only knew. But she never would, if things went the way I wanted them to.

"No, I was just thinking." Lottie was staring at me with her searing blue eyes, so much like Will's. I had to look away so I didn't think of him. Also so she wouldn't see into my soul in that way of hers.

"Well, it looked painful. And I'm starving." Trish slapped me on the shoulder as I grabbed my coat and gloves and locked my door.

Lottie was quiet as we walked to her car and all crammed inside. It reminded me of the Weasleys' car, with the interior that was much larger than it looked on the outside. You could probably fit six people in here if you tried, which might be a fun activity if the weather was warmer.

I could feel her watching me and trying not to say anything, which made her twitchy and jumpy. Like the words were struggling to get out of her body and it was an effort to hold them in.

Might as well get it over with.

"What do you want to say, Lot?"

She breathed for a second and then pulled away from the curb.

"There's something bothering you. I've never seen your face like that and obviously it's something that you don't want to tell us and that scares me and I'm worried that you're in something bad and you can't get out." Like all her other speeches, the words came out so fast they blurred into one another and if I wasn't used to her talking this way, I would have been lost.

"I cosign everything she just said," Trish added.

They both stared at me and I wished I was back in my room staring at the ceiling. I should never have made friends. If I hadn't, I wouldn't be in this situation right now.

But here I was and I had to somehow wiggle myself out.

"I was thinking about transferring schools," I blurted out. It was the first thing that came to mind.

Lottie gasped and Trish just stared at me.

"Why?"

"I don't know. There isn't really a pre-law program here. It was just a thought. I'm not considering it seriously." I tried to brush it off, but they launched into why I shouldn't go and why I should stay, and it almost made me want to cry.

They cared so much about me and wanted me around. They wouldn't, if they knew, but they were never going to. I couldn't handle them turning their backs on me.

I was relieved when we finally got to the apartment complex and I could get out of the car. Trish and Lottie were still chattering about reasons for me not to transfer as we trouped up the stairs to Katie and Stryker's place.

"Audrey wants to transfer," Lottie announced as we walked through the door.

"What? Why?" Katie froze with her face inches from Stryker's. They'd clearly been in the middle of something.

"I'm not transferring," I said, putting my hands up. "I was just thinking about it. But I'm not going to. I doubt you would let me anyway."

"Let you what?" Will said, out of breath as if he'd dashed up the stairs. Here we go again.

"I considered, for all of five seconds, transferring schools. But I'm not going to. So everyone can just calm down." Will's eyes bulged in shock.

"Transfer?" He said the word as if he didn't know what it meant.

"But I'm not going to, so this is a non-issue. What are we having?" I tried to turn the topic.

"Enchiladas," Katie said, unwrapping herself from Stryker and going over to tend something on the stove.

"Need any help?"

"We've got it," Lottie said, grabbing Trish and yanking her over to the stove, leaving Will and me standing near the door. Subtle.

"Need to talk?" Will said. Yes. No. Not with him. I couldn't talk to him. I couldn't talk to anyone.

"I'm fine. Really." I looked away, but his eyes studied me.

"Aud. I know things have been ... a little weird with us, but I want you to be able to talk to me. I want you to trust me." I wanted that too.

"I know." I stopped there, and I was saved from having to explain myself by the arrival of Simon, who distracted Will for the amount of time it took me to go join the girls in the kitchen.

But Will was persistent. I knew I wasn't off the hook.

I didn't need twindar to tell that something had happened to Audrey. She was pale and she kept staring off like she was a million miles away. Lottie kept trying to get her attention, but it took a few times of repeating her name before she would respond.

But, being Audrey, she wouldn't talk to anyone about it. I wanted her to want to talk to me. Only me. I wanted us to share something that she didn't have with anyone else. I didn't care if that was selfish.

As people left Stryker and Katie's for their various evening activities, I hung around, waiting for the best moment to try to talk to Aud again.

My sister wouldn't leave her alone for a second, probably because she knew exactly what I would try to do. Lottie even followed Aud to the bathroom, which made me roll my eyes at her.

I wasn't going to pester her. I just wanted to let her know that she could talk to me if she wanted. That was it.

"Look, leave her alone. She doesn't want to talk to anyone and trying to get her to is only going to make her pull away. So stop it," Lottie hissed at me, adding an arm smack for good measure.

"But-" I started to say, and shut up when Lottie gave me one of those looks that reminded me so much of our mother that it was legitimately scary.

"Leave her alone," Lottie said, poking my chest with her finger to emphasize every word. For a little thing, she was violent.

I glanced across the room at Audrey, who was deep in conversation with Katie.

"I'm just worried about her," I said.

"We all are, William. But we can't help her if she doesn't want us to. Give her time." I didn't want to give her time. I wanted to help her fix whatever was broken and then kiss her and have her tell me that she wanted to be with me. That she loved me. I almost laughed at myself. That was a sappy fantasy out of a romantic movie that my sister would watch and cry about.

"Bye, Will," Audrey said as she put on her coat and went with Lottie so she could drive her back to the dorms. I wanted to offer to take her, but Lottie had beaten me to it. I'd been screwed over by twindar once again.

"Bye, Aud," I said, wishing I could say more. The door closed behind them and I slumped on Stryker's couch. I was the lone holdout.

"You know, one of these days you're just going to have to make a move on her," Stryker said, sitting down next to me and picking up his banjo and plucking a few strings.

"I've tried," I said, scrubbing my hands across my face. I'd forgotten about my hair again.

"Not hard enough, clearly."

"What is he supposed to do, attack her?" Katie said, coming over and climbing onto Stryker's lap, moving the banjo out of the way.

"Worked with you."

Katie rolled her eyes.

"But Audrey isn't me."

No, she wasn't. She was in a class by herself.

"Will, just ... listen to her. If she says she doesn't want to talk, then let her not talk. The best way to be there for her is to just, be there. I know that sounds weird, but sometimes the presence of another person is all you need." Her hand absentmindedly stroked Stryker's hair and his hand moved along her hip. They were such a weird couple, but at the same time, they seemed to fit perfectly together. Like Han and Leia.

It didn't take a genius to know that they wanted to have some alone time, so I got out of there and went back to the dorm. I was alone again tonight, with Simon at one of his club meetings. I couldn't keep track of them all, but he always left me notes on my desk, or texted me.

What I should do was get to my homework. I had a lot of it, and it would keep me busy and keep my mind off Audrey.

Everyone would tell me to do my homework and leave Audrey alone.

I glanced once at my pile of textbooks and grabbed my keys.

12

I stared at my textbook, reading the same sentence four times and still not knowing what the words meant. I hadn't turned my phone back on for fear that my mom would call again. Or worse, that my aunt would break her rule not to contact me.

There was a knock at my door that made me jump. I'd probably forgotten we had a hall meeting tonight.

I opened the door without looking through the peephole and found Will standing there with a pair of scissors and a comb.

"Will you cut my hair?"

I gaped at him, at a complete loss for words.

"Please?"

I moved aside to let him in and shut the door.

"You want me to cut your hair?" I had to say it out loud to make sure I had the gist of what he'd asked me.

"Yeah. It's been bugging me and I asked my sister to do it a couple of weeks ago, but I think she forgot. So. Will you cut it for me?" It was such an odd request that if it came from anyone but Will, I would have thought there was an ulterior motive behind it. Or maybe that was just wishful thinking.

"I've never cut hair before. Well, I've trimmed my own ends, but I've never done anyone else's."

Will handed me the scissors.

"I don't care. I trust you."

I trust you.

He wasn't just talking about a haircut. There was a lot more at work here. All of the unsaid things spun around us, crowding the air and making it hard to breathe.

I thought about shoving him out of the room and shutting the door in his face, but something told me that Will wasn't going to take no for an answer this time.

"Okay," I said. Will seemed shocked for a second, but then he hid it.

"Thanks, Aud. I really appreciate it."

I just nodded and went to get a towel to put around his shoulders.

He pulled out my office chair and sat as I draped the towel on him and secured it with one of my hair clips. I dashed to the bathroom to get a cup of water because there was no way I could cut his hair dry and make it look good.

I combed the water through his hair, which made it a lot longer. It hung all the way down in front of his eyes and along his neck.

"You know, if you wanted to, you could just swipe this to the side and rock the emo look," I said using the comb to flick his hair to the side so it fell across one eye. He glared at me.

"There you go. You've got the perfect look." He tossed his head back and forth like a dog, spraying water everywhere.

"Stop it!" I squealed, trying to shield myself. Will grinned at me as though he was pleased with himself as water dripped from the ends of his hair. It made him look like he'd been caught in the rain.

I mentally shook myself, trying to remember that I shouldn't think about Will getting caught in the rain, his shirt soaking with water and clinging to his chest. No, I wouldn't think of it.

"Behave yourself," I said to him, but it was also a reminder for me. Especially after what had happened today. It brought forward the reality of what I could and couldn't have.

"Yes, ma'am." He hung his head, but I didn't believe him for a moment.

I got to work combing out his hair and trying to decide how much to take off. I was really shooting in the dark, and I hoped it looked okay when I was done. Granted, his hair was so curly that if I screwed it up a little, it wouldn't show too much.

I started in the front, cutting his bangs short so I could see his beautiful eyes. They peered up at me as I worked and golden strands of his hair fell to the floor. Good thing I'd bought a vacuum.

I moved around the side and then to the back, making him tip his head down so I could make sure the back was even. I probably should have gone over the back of his neck with an electric razor, but I didn't have one.

The only sound that filled the room was the snick of the scissors through his hair and the shuffling of my feet as I moved around his head.

Once I was satisfied, I rubbed my hand on his head to try to dry some of his hair. I could blow dry it, but I was wary of doing that with his hair being so curly.

"There you go," I said, pulling the towel off his shoulders. "If you hate it, don't blame me." He went to my mirror and looked at his hair, going really close and squinting at his reflection.

"Looks good to me, but it'll have to dry to be sure. Thanks, Aud." He spun around, came over to me and gave me a kiss on the cheek before I could realize what was happening.

"Thanks," he said again, his face mere inches from mine. Our noses where a whisper away from touching.

"You're welcome," I said, staring into his eyes and regretting it. Those eyes. They pulled me in, made me forget everything else, all the reasons to say no, all the reasons that I shouldn't allow myself to close the gap between us and press my lips to his.

His eyes were to blame for the fact that I leaned forward and kissed him. His lips didn't help the situation any, either.

I shouldn't have kissed him, but then I shouldn't have let him in. Not just to my dorm room. I shouldn't have let him in to my life and into my head.

What was done couldn't be undone, and I couldn't pull my mouth away from his as soon as he put his hand up to hold my chin and started caressing my mouth so gently with his. Like he was afraid if he pushed too hard I would vanish. It was a sweet kiss, a careful kiss.

It still made me ache in all the right places and push my body toward his, wanting more.

Sensing my willingness, Will sucked on my bottom lip and tested me with his tongue. I opened my mouth, letting him in. I'd been fighting him so much and I was tired of it.

I was exhausted from trying to push him away. I was an emotional wreck and I just wanted to let myself feel for a little while.

So I brushed his tongue with mine, tasting him as I wound my arms around his neck and pressed up against him. When we'd made out before, I'd always let him take the lead, but this time I was in control. It was my choice to push closer, harder, more.

I backed him up until his legs hit the spare bed and he crashed back on it, with me falling on top of him. The kiss was broken by his head banging off the wall.

"Oh my God!" I said at the same time he moaned in pain and clutched the back of his head.

"I'm so sorry," I said, but I couldn't help but laugh at his expression.

"Are you trying to knock me out?" He rubbed the back of his head and winced.

"Maybe," I said, fingering the blunt strands of his hair. "Any permanent damage?"

"I don't think so. But you might want to kiss me to make sure." I gave him a look as he stroked the side of my face.

"How would kissing you have anything to do with a bump on the back of your head?" I couldn't stop touching his hair.

"I might have a concussion and you need to keep me awake. With your lips." He leaned forward and started kissing me so I couldn't protest. That was one way to stop me from arguing with him.

The kiss became more insistent. He wasn't being as careful now, because he knew I wasn't going anywhere. I moved until I was straddling him, my hair spilling down and getting in our way. He wrapped it around one of his hands and used it to pull my face closer. Our movements became rougher, harder. We kissed with a desperation that was born of us resisting for so long. Whatever this thing was between us had just ignited and if we weren't careful, it was going to consume us.

Our hands started tugging at clothing and his shirt was the first to go, and then it was my turn.

And then I remembered what he would see if he took my shirt all the way off. It was a tunic, so it was so long that it skimmed below my hips. Perfect for hiding what I needed it to hide. My hands slammed down on the hem of my shirt as he tried to raise it.

"No," I said into his mouth. "Shirt stays on." That made him break the kiss.

"Why do you get to keep your shirt on?" I was momentarily distracted from my need to keep my shirt on by the fact that his wasn't. To avoid answering his question, I ran my hands up and down his chest, over the peaks and valleys, his flat ni**les, the little sprinkling of dark gold hair that led from his bellybutton lower ...

"I can't tell you why. I just need for it to stay on and for you not to touch my top half. Everything else ... is okay." I hoped he knew what I was saying without me having to say it. The bulge in his pants led me to believe he knew exactly what I was talking about.

"But I want to see you."

"I know, but I can't. It's this or nothing." He kissed the side of my face and then my neck and I wondered what he was thinking.

He pulled away from me and rested his head against my stomach.

"Okay."

He was agreeing?

"If the only way I can have you is like this, then okay. I love you and I want to be with you." For a moment, time stopped.

"I love you, too." I couldn't hold back the words anymore. They'd been inside me for so long. I tried to kill them, to make them go away, but they'd only gained strength.

"You love me?" Will whispered, wonder in his eyes, as if he'd thought such a thing was impossible.

"I love you." They were easier to say the second time. He beamed up at me and I couldn't help but smile back as he started laughing.

"What's so funny?" I started laughing too.

"I'm so happy and relieved. I always thought I would be the only one. That I would love you and you would never love me back."

What?

"Then why did you keep pursuing me? If you didn't think that it would ever go anywhere."

He sighed and pulled me closer.

"Because I had to give it a shot. Because I love you and I didn't know what else to do."

His words were daggers, reminding me that he was good and I was not and I shouldn't want him or love him or have him.

But here he was and here I was and I couldn't think about what I should do anymore. I just wanted to let go for a little while.

"I love you." Three times.

"I love you, Aud." I crossed the distance between us and brought our lips together once more.

Now that my feelings were out in the open, I felt bolder, so I took Will's hands that had been gripping my hips and brought them back up to my shirt. His lips stilled on mine.

"You just said-" I stopped him with another kiss.

"I know. Just ignore whatever I've ever said before I told you I loved you. Just forget all of it." I definitely wanted to. I wanted to forget my life before him. Leave it behind. Erase it and fill my head with him.

"I think I can do that." His hands gripped my shirt and inched it slowly upwards. He shifted so he could follow with a trail of kisses.

Soon he lifted my shirt over my head and I was left with only my bra.

He looked at me as if he was seeing me for the first time.

"Shit, you're even more beautiful than I imagined. Are you even real?"

"Are you?" I countered and he flicked the clasp on the back of my bra and pulled the straps over my shoulders, exposing me. I had half a mind to cross my arms over my chest, but stopped when Will sucked in a breath.

"Beautiful, you are," he said, which made me giggle. Of course, he would choose now to go Yoda on me.

My giggles turned into gasps as he kissed and sucked my skin, causing shivers to race down my spine. He was probably leaving evidence in the form of hickeys on my neck, but that was the last thing on my mind as he kissed the spot where my breast swelled out from my chest and then downward, avoiding my nipple. Was he afraid of it? He kissed all the way around and then switched to the other breast. I made a little sound of frustration and he chuckled against my skin.

"I'm taking my time. I want to devour you, but you deserve better. You deserve slow seduction. I can't believe I just said that. I don't think I've ever used that word in my life." I didn't need seduction. I didn't need slow. I didn't need anything but him.

I twisted my hands in his hair and pulled his face up for a kiss.

"I'm yours. Go whatever speed you want." My body was awake now, remembering this feeling. It had been a long time since I'd been with someone.

"You sure? I could light some candles, or get rose petals, or something like that," he said as his hands rubbed the undersides of my br**sts.

"No, this is good. This is more than good." I bit my lip and arched into his hands as he made slow circles with his thumbs before he closed his mouth over one nipple and rubbed the other with his thumb.

I moaned and he tipped us to the side and then climbed on top of me, pressing his body into me. That was more like it.

"I don't know how long I can hold out, Aud. I've thought and imagined this so many times and I can barely believe that it's happening."

Me, neither.

I ran my hands up and down his chest before undoing the button on his jeans.

"Shit, Aud," he said, his eyes closing for a moment. "Do you have something? I didn't exactly plan on this, so I'm not prepared."

Well, I didn't plan on having sex ever again, so I didn't have anything either. And I wasn't on the pill.

"Can you hold on for two minutes?" I asked, motioning for him to let me up.

"I'll do my best. No promises." He slid off me and started muttering to himself as I grabbed a sweatshirt and threw it on before grabbing my key card and dashing through the door.

The RA had a little basket of condoms taped to her door for just such emergencies. A group of girls walked by me and I pretended to read something posted on the bulletin board before I snatched a handful of condoms and raced back to my room.

"Problem solved," I said, holding up the stash.

"Did you get those from the RA?" I tossed them on the bed and whipped off the sweatshirt.

"Yeah. I hope they're not from the dollar store." I was dubious about trusting strange condoms.

"They're name brand. We're good." For a moment, I remembered the scene in Pretty Woman where Julia Roberts asks Richard Gere to choose which condom he wants.

I sat down next to Will and reached for him.

"We're doing this," he said, brushing the rest of the condoms to the floor.

"We're doing this," I agreed and he kissed me again, moving so he was straddling me again. His hands went back to my ni**les, pinching them until they stood up. Our movements were more frantic this time, and soon his hands were moving down to my pants and pulling them over my hips, along with my underwear.

We didn't have time for slow seduction. There would be time for that later. I lay bare before him as his eyes raced up and down my body, taking me in. He'd said he wanted to devour me, and his eyes were. I flushed and hoped he didn't linger too long on the scar that marred my stomach. But he seemed too distracted by other parts of my body to notice.

"You have the most gorgeous skin, Aud. I want to taste all of it." I wouldn't mind that.

He dragged his hands from my chest downward, before getting up and pulling me to the edge of the bed so my legs hung down.

"Kandy didn't like me going down on her. She was really self-conscious about it, so I stopped trying." He kneeled and pulled my legs apart. "It was kind of a relief, because, honestly, it made things go quicker. That probably should have been a red flag." He leaned forward and licked my opening with his tongue, causing my hips to thrust toward his mouth. I tried not to think about the fact that he was talking about his ex while he was going down on me. She didn't matter.

"But you, Aud. You're different." He licked again and a moan escaped my mouth.

"I could do this," lick, "forever," lick. A sweet burning sensation spread through my body as Will kissed and licked me, paying special attention to where I needed him most. Then he added one finger, slowly pushing inside me, before pulling out and thrusting in again.

For a guy who said he didn't do this very much, he knew what he was doing. He added a second finger to the first, stretching me.

I moved my hands into his hair for something to hold onto. I tried not to rip his hair out as I felt myself rising, rising, rising.

"I'm almost there," I moaned.

"Come on, baby. Come for me. Let go." I couldn't remember saying anything during my previous sexual encounters. Talking seemed strange and awkward somehow. But everything was different with Will.

"Come on baby," he said again and thrust one more time with his fingers and that was it.

"Oh f**k, Will!" I came hard. Harder than I had in a while. I'd been in a mast***ation rut lately, and more often than not, I gave up and fell asleep before I could finish. Being with another person was so different than being by yourself. Seeing him as he kissed me, worshipped my body, was a better turn-on than anything else.

"Shitfuck, you face is so beautiful when you come. I want to see you like that every day. Every f**king day, Aud."

He kissed me at the intersection of my legs and then started kissing his way back up my body.

"Ready?"

I only nodded and brought his mouth back to mine, before breaking away to roll on the condom. He adjusted himself and brushed my hair away from my face with his thumbs.

I was ready for him. I'd been ready since the first day I'd met him.

"Please, Will." That was all it took for him to push inside me.

"Oh, God," I moaned as he kept pushing. As if he was afraid of hurting me.

"Am I hurting you?" he said, his voice tight with concentration.

"No. Will, I'm not a virgin." Shock flashed across his face. This was probably a conversation we should have had before this moment, but we hadn't.

"I'm not a virgin Will." To further prove my point, I crossed my legs behind his back and thrust my hips upward, taking all of him inside me.

"You're not going to hurt me. Please, Will." I dug my nails into his back, hoping it would spur him into action.

It worked.

He leaned down and kissed me once before pulling out and thrusting into me. This time he wasn't as gentle.

"Harder, Will. More." I urged him and coaxed him and that was all it took for him to move the way I wanted him to.

"You feel so good, Aud. So good." So did he. His body fit perfectly inside mine, hitting all the right spots with each thrust and I knew I was going to come again. Under my fingers, Will's muscles tensed as he pounded into me.

"Shit, Will." I almost never swore, but I couldn't help the curse word from coming from my lips as I reached orgasm again.

Will thrust into me a few more times and then groaned above me. He'd said my face was beautiful when I came, and his was too.

He smiled down at me and leaned down to kiss my nose before he rolled to the side, still inside me. I kept my arms wrapped around him. I never wanted to let him go. Now that we'd been together, I knew that trying to just be friends with him was ludicrous. Will and I would never just be friends.

"I love you," he said.

"I love you, too."

13

I still couldn't believe that she was naked in front of me, let alone the fact that we'd just had sex. No, that wasn't sex. Being with Audrey was something else entirely.

We lay side by side and I couldn't stop staring at her glorious skin. It glowed under the harsh fluorescent lights of the dorm.

She stared at me and I wondered what she saw. If she was as happy as I was in this moment. And then she smiled.

"What?" I asked.

"Nothing. I'm just really, really happy. I don't know if I've ever been this happy. I feel like I'm going to die from it."

"Well, we can't have that. No dying." I ran my hand up and down her side, grateful that she didn't seem to be one of those girls who wanted to cover up her body the second the sex was over. There was one thing I wanted to ask her about and that was the scar that cut horizontally right around the area of her bikini line. I'd never seen something like that.

"Did you have your appendix out?" I said, running my finger over the scar. It had to be relatively new, because it was still red and not white and faded.

"Uh, no," she said, taking my hand and removing it before trying to cover herself with the sheet under us.

"Hey, hey, it's nothing to be ashamed of."

"I'm not ashamed of it," she said, trying to pull the sheet out from under herself without much success.

"You're so beautiful, Aud." Why couldn't she see what I saw when I looked at her?

My compliment made her smile a little and stop her attempts to cover up.

"You're not so bad yourself, William." I liked her calling me by my full name. I hated it when my sister, my mother or anyone else did. But Audrey was the exception.

"I know I'm good-looking," I said, swooping my hair back dramatically. There was much less to swoop now, but my intention had been to make her laugh and I succeeded.

"You pretend to be cocky, but you're really not," she said, running her hands through my hair, fingering the blunt ends from where she'd cut it.

"Oh, so you think you have me all figured out, huh?" I moved until I was propped above her.

"Maybe," she said, grinning.

"Now who's cocky?" She stuck her tongue out at me, in a very un-Audrey way.

"That's it," I said and leaned down to blow on her stomach.

"Stop it!" She squealed, trying to fold herself up and get away from me.

"Never." I rolled sideways and started tickling her ribs until she laughed so hard she couldn't breathe and tears streamed down her face.

"Now who's the cocky one?" I said, kissing her bellybutton.

"Not me," she said, gasping and wiping her eyes. "Never again."

"Say cocky." I propped my head on my elbow and she turned toward me and mirrored my position.

"Why?"

"Because I like the way your mouth looks when you say 'cock'."

She wrinkled her nose.

"I'm not a huge fan of that word."

"Of what word?" I pretended I didn't know what she was talking about.

"Cock," she said slowly, drawing it out. Shitfuck. That was one of the hottest things she'd ever said.

"Oh, you like that? What if I say it again?"

"I want you to say it again."

"Cock."

"Fuck, Aud. Say that a few more times and I'm going to be hard again."

"Cock. Cock, cock," she said, emphasizing different parts of the word each time. Yup, I was officially hard.

"Are you ready to go again?" I said, glancing around for the condoms she'd gotten.

"Ready when you are. Only this time ... do you think I could be on top?" I stared at her for a second. She'd asked so sweetly, like she wanted an extra scoop of ice cream.

"Fuck yeah, you can be on top." If I hadn't been hard from her saying cock, the idea of her on top of me did the trick.

"You don't have to go down on me this time," she said, running her hands down my chest. "Let me take care of you." If she did that, then I probably wasn't going to last much longer. But I'd never had much of a problem getting hard again after sex. What can I say? It's a gift.

Audrey climbed on top of me, her br**sts and hair brushing my chest as she slinked down my body and took me in her mouth.

Things came from my mouth, unintelligible things, as she moved her head up and down me, her hair draped in front of her face. I moved it away so I could watch her, with her lips wrapped around me. She smiled up at me and I almost came right then and there.

"I want to come inside you, so you're going to have to stop now, Aud," I groaned. I was lucky that I could even speak in words. She reached around and grabbed the condom, tearing it open with her teeth before sliding it on me, her face knit in concentration. I had to stifle a laugh, because that was the same look she wore when she was reading one of her textbooks.

She positioned herself above me and slowly slid down on me. When I was completely inside her, she threw her head back and moaned. I grabbed onto her hips as she started moving, but this time she took things slow. Achingly slow.

Her dark eyes looked down on me and I was hit with just how much I loved this girl. So much that I was afraid of it, afraid of her. She possessed me like a goddess from another time. Immortal. So beautiful that she was almost painful to look at.

She moved her hand down to rub the spot right above where our bodies were joined. I was adding watching her masturbate to the list of things I wanted to do with her. The more she moved, the more things I added to the list.

"Oh, God, Will," she moaned and then she arched above me, her face lighting up with pleasure. My mission in life was to see that look on her face at least five times a day. To give her that feeling.

I came again, just behind her and she leaned on me, both of our chests heaving. Her hair was damp from sweat and it beaded on her forehead.

"I've always wanted to do that," she said, lifting herself off me, and then cuddling against my chest.

"You've never been on top?"

"No. I'm not a virgin, but my sexual experiences are limited." I was burning to know how much experience she had, but at the same time, it killed me to think of her being with anyone else.

"I'm sorry I didn't tell you that I wasn't a virgin," she said, one finger making a circle around my nipple.

"To be fair, I never asked. I just assumed, from what Lottie told me. Or didn't tell me. Sometimes she doesn't tell me things, but I just know. You know?"

Aud giggled, the motion making her body vibrate against mine.

"No, I don't know. I'm not a twin. But I've seen the connection you have and I think I understand it a little. I never told her much about my past and I guess I just let her assume that I hadn't been with anyone because it was easier."

"Easier than what?" I shifted so I could see her face.

"Easier than the truth."

"And what is the truth?" Was this what it took for her to be honest with me? Sex?

She pressed her lips together and shook her head.

"I'm sorry, I can't."

I guess sex didn't do the trick either. Her hand moved over her stomach, absentmindedly tracing her scar. I wondered what it was from, and what it could be that she'd be so scared to tell me. What injury that would leave a scar like that would make her shut down?

"Hey, come back," I said, twisting some of her hair around my fingers.

"I'm here," she said, but her eyes took a second to focus back on me. Then she smiled and leaned forward to press her lips to mine.

"I'm here with you."

"You know I was supposed to do homework tonight, but this is so much better," Will said much later as we lay in bed. I wanted desperately to take a shower and wash my sheets, but my body was still so boneless from the sex that I was worried if I tried to stand up, I might fall down again.

"I'm a huge fan of homework, but I can say that this is definitely better." He had his boxers on and I'd donned my bra and panties, but I was still conscious of him looking at where my scar was. If he hadn't figured it out after staring at it for a few hours, then he probably wouldn't. At least that was what I told myself. And trying to hide it anymore would only draw more attention to it and make him more curious.

We lay opposite each other, my head resting on his hip and his head resting on mine.

"I sure hope I'm better than homework." I started playing with his now-shorter hair. "If I wasn't, you'd let me know, right?"

"When have I ever spared your feelings?"

"Ouch. But true."

We were silent for a few more moments and then I had to say the thing that I knew we were both thinking.

"What is this, Will? What are we?" He inhaled for a minute and ran his thumb across my lips.

"We're ... us. I'm fine with this being defined, but if you want to live in the grey area, I'm happy there too. I just want to be with you, wherever that is." My heart felt like it was expanding, almost bursting through my chest.

"We can try it. I guess."

"Try what, Aud?"

"Try being together-together. You could be my boyfriend and I'll be your girlfriend and we get each other gifts on holidays and go on dates and sleep with each other. Exclusively."

His grin was so wide I was afraid he'd break his face.

"So I get to call you my girlfriend?"

"Yes, you get to call me your girlfriend. Most guys are scared of commitment, but you seem ready to jump in with both feet." He put his hand under my chin.

"Most aren't with you. And I'd like to think having a twin sister has given me an inside look on how women think." He waggled his eyebrows and I laughed.

"You're so cocky," I said. I enjoyed seeing his reaction when I said any variation of the word "cock". I'd never been a fan of the word before, but I definitely was now. I'd have to integrate it in my everyday speech. Especially when Will was around.

"Are you trying to make me hard again? Because it's working." I didn't think I could go again. My downstairs might not make it.

"No. I'm fine with just this. You wore me out."

"Me? What about you?"

We were both tired, but suddenly I felt refreshed. I lifted my head off his hip and swung myself around so we were face-to-face.

"What about me?"

"You're wearing me out, woman. And that is something I never thought I would ever say."

My only response was to kiss him and then the conversation derailed into removing our underwear and all the things that follow after underwear is removed.

I woke the next morning to someone nibbling my ear and something hard pressing into my back.

I groaned and rolled to face Will, who stared at me with eyes puffy from sleep, but with a smile on his face.

"You're not trying to talk me into morning sex, are you?" My voice was raspy, and I cleared my throat. Judging by the quality of the light, it was still early and a glance at my clock confirmed that I had plenty of time to get ready for class.

"Hey, I can't help that you were snuggled up against me all last night and you smell amazing and you're warm. My c**k has a mind of its own." He pointed down at said cock, which was making its presence known.

"Do you think you could, you know, help me out with it?" I wanted to roll my eyes at him and tell him no way, but he gave me big begging eyes and was so disheveled and sweet that I couldn't resist.

I went down on him since I wasn't all that comfortable with using my hand. I always felt like I was doing it wrong.

He came so fast I had no choice but to swallow, which I was able to accomplish, despite my limited experience.

"Fuck, Aud. I keep thinking you've done something that's so sexy, I don't see how you can top it and then you do something like that. I'm pretty sure my ex used hand sanitizer as lube once when she gave me a hand job." The more I heard about this girl, the more I wondered why Will ever stayed with her. But when you were young and stupid you tended to do things that were young and stupid.

I just smiled and then crawled out of bed.

"Where are you going?" he whined, grabbing me by the waist and trying to drag me back to bed.

"I'm going to brush my teeth. I'll be right back." He just shook his head and tugged harder.

"No teeth brushing. More cuddling."

"I thought guys hated cuddling," I said, still trying to pull away from him.

"Like I said, guys who aren't with you." He tugged and I fell back on the bed on top of him.

"Will, come on," I whined as he wrapped his arms around me and clung like a koala. A very large koala.

"Nope. Never letting you go."

"I just gave you head and swallowed. Can I please go brush my teeth? You can come with me if you want."

"Oh, right. Sorry about that." He let me go, but I grabbed his hand and pulled him up with me.

I gave him a kiss on the cheek before grabbing some clothes and throwing Will's back at him.

"You know, I should just keep some clothes here, if I'm going to be spending the night," he said, putting his shirt over his head and covering up his chest and stomach. I almost pouted at the loss of the visual.

"Oh, so you're moving in now?"

I put on a bra and a tank top, then a pair of panties and a ratty pair of shorts.

"You look so good like that," Will said, staring at me. "I mean, if I hadn't seen you naked, this would be my favorite look for you. Have I told you how much I love your ass? Like, seriously love it." He stood in front of me, reaching around and grabbing said ass, squeezing and massaging so much that I wanted to throw him back in bed. Hadn't we had enough of each other for 24 hours? How could I still have the energy to want him inside me again?

"Hey, I have a crazy idea. How about we skip class today and go have breakfast and then do ... whatever we want." I had a feeling I knew what he would want.

"That is a crazy idea and, while I love it, I can't. I can't miss class, Will. Remember our New Year's resolutions? There's no way I'm losing." I really wanted that money.

"One day isn't going to sink your GPA, Aud."

"They also said an iceberg couldn't sink the Titanic and look what happened there."

He sighed, and I smelled defeat.

"Please? It's Friday. No professor does anything on Friday. Please? Please?" Oh, if only he hadn't said please. I looked up at him as he rubbed his hands up and down my back.

"Please?"

He kissed my cheek and then lowered himself to his knees, lifting my shirt and dipping his tongue into my bellybutton.

"Please?"

He kissed lower, his hands slowly dragging the shorts and underwear I'd just put on down my legs. And then his mouth was busy and I was the one begging.

14

I should have felt bad for making Audrey miss class. A little part of me did. But she had a tendency to be, hmm, a little, uptight? Not that her being academically driven was a bad thing. I loved how smart she was and how she cared so much about school.

Sometimes, though, you needed a break. A day to be young and foolish. A day spent in bed with ice cream and bad movies, or running around outside, or driving around and listening to the radio.

I didn't care what we did today, as long as I got to do it with her.

"You are such a terrible influence," she said as she ran a brush through her hair after her shower. I'd begged to shower with her, but she'd finally said no to me.

"What would everyone think?" she'd said.

"That you have an awesome boyfriend?" It was the first time I'd called myself that, out loud to her face.

"Be that as it may, I don't want to be one of those girls who takes a shower with her boyfriend in the dorms." With that, she'd skipped off and I'd been left waiting in her room for her.

I'd been surprised she'd given in so easily to my plan for playing hooky. Granted, I had gone down on her to make her say yes, so I'd played kind of dirty to get what I wanted.

"So what are we going to do today?" she asked, running a brush through her silky hair.

"I didn't plan that far ahead," I said. "But I am hungry and I'd like to get something to eat."

"Okay." She looked over her shoulder at me, a towel loosely wrapped around her. All I'd need to do was tug a little and she'd be naked in front of me, her skin still damp from her shower. Breakfast could wait.

And then my stomach growled.

"We should probably hurry. I wouldn't want you to starve." She turned on her hairdryer and that drowned out conversation for a minute. I decided that I should probably take a shower as well. And clothes. I needed new clothes. Simon was already in class, so I could definitely sneak back to my room without anyone knowing.

I'd already texted Simon that I'd stayed over at Lottie and Zan's. He knew how much I hated sleeping in a room by myself. I was going to have to come clean tonight at dinner, but for today, I wanted it to just be Aud and me.

"I'm going to go shower," I said loudly. She nodded and I grabbed a towel from her closet and her shower caddy. I definitely wouldn't mind smelling like Aud today.

A girl was also leaving her room at the same time I left Aud's and she gave me a look as I headed to the shower. I just grinned at her. Earlier this year, I would have found her attractive, but now it was like I had blinders on. I could appreciate that other girls were pretty, but it was like they all dimmed in comparison to Aud. She glowed like a firework.

After I'd washed with all Audrey's products and rinsed, I wrapped the towel around my waist and headed back to her room.

"Hey," I said, closing her door. She was in the midst of putting her hair back in a ponytail. Her mouth dropped open.

"What?"

"You walked back here like that? Why didn't you put your clothes back on?" She seemed horrified.

"Uh, yeah. I didn't want to put my clothes back on because, you know, they're from yesterday; but then I was thinking that the only way to go get more clothes is to put these ones back on because my other clothes are back at my dorm, and then I thought maybe I could borrow something of yours, or something, and then I just decided to wear the towel."

Audrey shook her head and burst out laughing.

"You're so much like your sister sometimes," she said, giving me a kiss.

"I am not. She rambles all day. My rambles are an isolated incident." Her hands dragged down my still-wet chest.

"I can go get some clothes, if you want to wait here. I don't mind. As long as you don't care what I pick out."

That could be interesting. Aud always looked nice and I definitely didn't care about fashion.

"I don't want to make you walk all the way up the hill to get me clothes." That would be stupid.

"No, really. It's fine. I think I need a walk anyway." She'd been so there with me since she'd told me she loved me and now, all of a sudden, I could feel her pulling away again.

"Aud?" She just smiled at me as she slipped her boots on and her heavy peacoat. Shut up, I know what a peacoat is because my sister wears one.

"I'll be right back." And then she was out the door.

I sighed and sat down on her bed before picking up her towel and using it to dry my hair. I loved how it smelled now.

My phone buzzed with a new text.

I know what you did last night, you virtue stealer.

Of course it was from my sister and of course she knew what I'd done last night. She knew everything, just like I knew everything about her.

There was no virtue stealing, Lot. Calm your shit down.

I could visualize her glaring at me through the phone and furiously typing a response.

What the hell are you talking about? You totally had sex with Aud.

This really wasn't the kind of thing I wanted to talk about via text, or at all, but I knew Lot wouldn't let it go until we'd hashed this out.

Are we really going to do this via text?

Her response was so quick, it was like she'd anticipated what I'd say and had pre-typed it.

Nope. I'm standing outside Aud's building waiting for someone to let me in.

Of course she was. Because she was my sister and it was her mission in life to ruin mine.

I'm walking up the stairs ...

I ran to the door and flicked the lock, but I knew it would only be a matter of time before Lottie found a way in. She was obsessed with roofs, and I could picture her rappelling down the side of the building and coming in through the window.

I stood by the door and waited. I could sense her coming closer, even though I couldn't hear footsteps.

"I can hear you out there, Lot," I said through the seam of the door.

"You're such a liar. Let me in," she said after a few seconds of silence.

"This twindar thing works both ways. You can try to use it against me all you want, but you forget that I have it too." I knew the look she was giving me, and probably the finger as well.

"Will. Just let me in."

"Why? What business is it of yours?" I knew the answer to the question even before the words left my mouth.

"You're being an idiot. Open the damn door." Audrey would be back fairly soon, and it would be weird for her to find Lottie here, but I didn't think Lottie was going to take no for an answer. So I flicked the lock and opened the door.

"Seriously? You're in a towel?" She motioned to my attire.

"I took a shower and didn't want to put my clothes back on. Aud's gone to get me some more."

Lottie smacked me in the chest, hard.

"You have sex with her and then make her get you clothes? Are you trying to be an ass**le?" I grabbed her arm, dragged her into the room and shut the door so the entire hallway couldn't hear her ream me out.

"Look, you should probably slow your roll and stop judging before you know the entire situation." I put my hands up and backed up until I sat down on the spare bed. The other one was still messed up from last night. Did that seriously happen? I still couldn't believe it.

Flashes of how Audrey had looked arched above me, riding me until ...

"You're sick, you know that?" Lottie snapped her fingers in front of my face. "I'm ashamed to be related to you."

"How about you shut up for a second and listen?" I turned toward her as she crossed her arms and glared at me.

"Not that I should even be telling you this, but Aud's not a virgin. She let you think that, but she's not. And whatever we did, which is none of your business, was consensual. Do you really think she'd let me take advantage of her?"

"Well, no. But you have ways, Will. You're very convincing."

"Are you f**king serious right now?" At first she'd been irritating but now she was pissing me off. And wasn't she the one who wanted us together in the first place?

"What is your deal? This clearly isn't about me and Aud."

Her anger faltered for a second.

"I was just thinking about what happens if you two get together and it doesn't work out. I mean, I did a week of trying to go between you two and it sucked ass. She's my friend and you're my brother and I love you both and I couldn't deal with you breaking up and I'm just scared that it's going to end." I knew it had nothing to do with me supposedly taking Aud's "virtue".

"Dude, you gotta calm down. You're going to give yourself an ulcer." I worried about her excessive worrying. Which was pretty sick, if you thought about it.

"Don't call me dude," she sniped, just as the door opened.

"Oh, hey, Lottie." Audrey set my backpack down on the floor. "What are you doing here?"

"I think I'm going to go change and give you two a minute," I said, getting up and going to get my backpack. I was a little tired of being the only one wearing a towel.

"Don't run away. You know I can find you," Lottie said, pointing at me.

"Yeah, yeah," I said, waving my hand as I opened the door and headed for the bathroom.

The short walk up the hill to get Will's clothes hadn't done much to clear my head. Then again, a two-hour walk probably wouldn't clear my head right now. All I could think of when I let my mind wander was Will. On top of me, under me, with his head between my legs, on his knees ...

I couldn't stop myself from blushing every time I thought about it. Who was that girl who'd been so free with her body? I'd felt like a completely different person last night. At the same time, I'd felt more myself than I had in a long time. Was it possible that a side of me I hadn't known existed had been dormant and just awakened?

I looked down at my hands. They didn't look different. I clenched them both into fists. The memory of Will's hot skin lingered on them. I'd showered, but I swore I could still smell him.

Madness. This was madness.

I kept walking and used Will's card to get into his building and then headed down the hall to his room, praying Simon was indeed, gone. I didn't think I could face anyone right now. I needed to understand how I felt about the situation before I tried to explain it to anyone else.

The door was locked, and I knocked just to be sure, but the room was empty. I'd only been in here a few times. Normally I tried to stay as far from Will's room as possible. Being around all his things made it much harder to think and see reason.

Of course his side of the room was a wreck. Clothes everywhere, notebooks, pens, a few soda bottles. Will wasn't dirty, he was just, what would be the best word? Messy. Haphazard. Simon's side of the room looked like it was arranged by a professional organizer. Or at least some diligent house elves. Everything was in clear plastic tubs that had labels. Their new entertainment center took up most of the far end of the room.

Stepping over a pair of sneakers, I went to Will's dresser and opened the top drawer, which was filled with underwear and socks. I shut my eyes, grabbed a pair of undies and a pair of socks and tucked them under my arm. I looked around and found his backpack and shoved the undies and socks in it before I grabbed a t-shirt, pants, a hoodie and a jacket. That would be enough, right? Or maybe he wouldn't like what I picked. I went back and got a second outfit, just in case, before I snuck out of the room like a burglar, closing the door behind me.

Lottie was in my room with Will when I got back to the dorm. I'd had a feeling she would show up sooner or later and want to know what was going on between her brother and me.

Will was still in his towel, and it made me swallow hard a few times and blush a little. He grabbed the backpack and went to go change and I sat down with Lottie, feeling very much like I was about to get the third degree.

"So you're not a virgin?" That was her first question.

"Uh, no. I'm not. I was with a few other people before Will." Just three.

"But you said you were with this guy and he wouldn't kiss you," Lottie said, blinking at me.

"That was true. But he was only one guy. I was with someone else before him, and then after." Lottie's mouth dropped open.

"Oh. Wow. I guess I just assumed."

"I wanted you to assume," I said, looking down.

"Um, why? Most people want people to assume the opposite." Most people hadn't been through what I had. We were getting very close to dangerous territory. In my head I was pleading with Will to come back and end this conversation.

I fumbled with a response to Lottie and the door finally opened and Will entered, fully-clothed. I was momentarily distracted by how good he looked. I'd always thought he was sexy, but now that I'd been with him, he'd moved to a whole other level.

"If you don't mind, Lot, I'm going to take my girlfriend out to breakfast." Lottie made a little squeaking noise at the word "girlfriend."

"Are you sure you're ready for that," she directed her question at me.

"I think so," I said. Honestly, I didn't know. But I was going to try it out. See how it fit for a little while.

"Well, I'm really happy for you, Aud. I just hope-hope it works out." Will gave her a dark look. "What? I'm sorry. It's just going to suck if you break up. Not that I'm saying you will. I'm just worried. Can't I be worried?" She twisted her hands.

"I understand," I said, patting her on the shoulder. Will was still glaring.

"I'm not trying to rain on your relationship parade. I'm just scared."

So was I.

Lottie left because she had to go to class, and I was alone with Will again.

"Sooo, breakfast?" He ran his hand through his still-damp hair.

"Yeah, I'm definitely hungry."

"Because I wore you out last night," he said with a smirk, putting his arms around my waist and giving me a minty kiss. I'd remembered to put a toothbrush and toothpaste in his bag.

"You did wear me out. I'm still having a hard time believing it was real."

"Oh, it was definitely real. I'm also planning a reenactment tonight, and every night for the foreseeable future. We should stop going to class right now and just major in sex." I rolled my eyes at him. He could be so sweet and then he flipped a switch and turned into a dude.

"That's not a thing, and I don't think I can get a job in sex," I said.

"Hooker. Porn star. Nah, neither of those. I'm terrible at sharing. I want you all to myself."

He pushed closer to me, and I wondered if we were actually going to make it to breakfast. I was starving.

"Well, you're lucky I don't want to be a hooker or a p**n star. And can we please go eat? I'm famished." My stomach chose that moment to growl.

Will rolled his eyes as if I was being difficult.

"I guess I should feed my girlfriend. But we're going out. No dining hall food today."

He backed up, but grabbed my hand and started dragging me out of the room.

"Hold on! I need a coat and my purse." I reached for both and he waited impatiently for me. "Okay, I'm good."

"Let's go." Will took my hand again and took off, like we were running from something.

"What's the hurry?" I panted.

"Sometimes I pretend that someone is trying to kill me, and I have to get to my car as fast as possible, or I'm going to die," he said with a smile.

"You're insane."

"You signed up for the Will Anders Experience, so I'm going to give it to you. Run faster!" I laughed and tried to keep up with him. He was an athletic guy, and I wasn't much of a runner, so it was a task, but we burst out of the front door and headed to the parking lot, me laughing and trying not to die and Will urging me on because he loved me and he didn't want me to die by the hand of the imaginary murderer that chased us.

It was ridiculous.

Will unlocked the door of his truck, shoved me in and then went to get in on his side. As soon as he had the doors shut, he screamed at me to lock my side.

"We're safe," he said, holding his hand up for a high five. "Congratulations, you get to live. This time." He used an ominous voice to say the last part as he turned the truck on.

"Dun dun dunnnnn," I said, making him laugh.

"And now, it's time to reward ourselves for surviving our trip to the car."

15

I took her to this little diner about thirty miles from campus that I'd randomly found one day when my truck died. I'd pulled over and fiddled with the engine and the owner, Bea, had come out and brought me a slice of the best coconut cream pie I'd ever had in my life and offered to walk to her house across the street and get me any of her husband's tools I might need.

People always talked about Southern Hospitality, but no one ever talked about Northern Hospitality. From my limited experience, people in Maine would give you the shirt off their back, and wouldn't even accept a thank you in return. It was just how we lived. Taking care of one another.

"This is so sweet," Aud said when we pulled in. There were only about ten parking spots, and luckily there was one open for me. I made her wait so I could open the door for her like a proper boyfriend.

A bell tinkled over the door, announcing our arrival.

"Hi, Bea," I said, waving to her as she cut a slice of pie and put it on a plate. I'd been back here a few ... hundred times since I'd had my truck issues. Bea was like the sassy Maine grandmother I wished I'd had.

"Will! Nice to see you again. And you brought a friend."

"Hi," Audrey said, also waving.

"Welcome, welcome, lovely lady. If you'll just follow me over here," Bea said, grabbing two menus and leading us to the back of the tiny restaurant. We had to squeeze in between the aisles and be careful not to knock into the other people eating here. For a tiny ass place, it was almost always packed.

"Can I get you kids something to drink?" Bea never wrote her orders down and from my experience, she never got them wrong.

"Um, I'll have orange juice," Aud said.

"The same," I said. Bea smiled at us and then gave me a wink before heading to get our drinks.

"You come here a lot?"

I shrugged.

"Not too much."

"Does Lottie know about this?"

I shook my head.

"Well, she probably does, but she doesn't say anything about it. We share everything and I don't know. This felt like my kind of place." I felt my face heat with a blush. It sounded even more stupid when I said it out loud.

"No, I get it. I mean, I don't have a twin, but I get it. Sometimes I go to the movies or dinner by myself. People always give me weird looks, but I don't care. Sometimes you just want to be by yourself."

"Yeah. But today I want to be by myself with you." I reached under the table and took her hand.

"Me too."

She studied her menu, but I already knew what I wanted.

"Wow, everything looks good. I don't know what to get."

"Everything is good. You can't go wrong. Seriously." Bea came back with our drinks, and I ordered a Denver omelet and a piece of Boston Creme pie. Aud took her time deciding and finally picked the fruit and cheese crepes and hash browns.

"Are you really going to eat an omelet and pie?"

"Yes. Yes I am. I've done it before and I'll do it again." She sipped her orange juice and shook her head at me.

"What?"

"You," she said.

"What about me?"

"You're adorable." That was not exactly what I was going for.

"Can we just clarify what kind of adorable we're talking about? Like adorable in a platonic, cuddly puppy way? Or adorable as in a guy you'd want to have sex with?" I hoped it was the second.

She gave me a wicked smile, which I wasn't used to seeing on her face, but wanted to see much more of in the future. "Definitely the second. Haven't I proven that already?"

"I was just checking."

She giggled and looked down into her drink. How did I get so damn lucky?

The food was spectacular, as always, and I kept getting distracted from my own food by Aud's exclamations of delight over her own. She moaned a few times, and it made me instantly hard, remembering how she'd moaned last night.

I was still congratulating myself on actually getting her to make those sounds. Kandy wasn't very adventurous when it came to sex, and near the end of our relationship, she'd suggested that we "take a break" from having sex. Or she'd have a headache, or be on her period, or had just gotten her nails done, or hadn't taken a shower, or a thousand other excuses that meant it was another night for me to have sex with my own hand.

But with Aud, it was like I could sense what she'd want. Where she'd like to be kissed, how she'd like to be touched. But there were still secrets of her body that I had yet to learn, and, as good as the pie was, I was ready to get started.

"This feels so forbidden. Skipping class and having crepes."

"I think you need to work on your definition of forbidden, Aud."

She nodded.

"Probably. But that's why you're here."

"Exactly. I'm here to corrupt you."

The smile faded from her face and she looked down. The flirty sexy energy was gone. I'd touched on her secret. Damn. It would be so much easier to not bring it up if I knew what it was. But I wouldn't push her to tell me if she didn't want to. I'd just gotten her to agree to be my girlfriend. No way I was going to screw things up this early by making her run.

I finished my piece of pie.

"Do you, um, want to get something to go?" I said tentatively. She finally looked up and I watched as her eyes came back into focus and she gave me a smile.

"Yeah, definitely." I thanked Bea, who told us to come back soon, and gave Aud a piece of four berry pie, on the house. I also got another slice of Boston Creme, fantasies of eating it off Aud's naked stomach flitting through my head.

"So what's next in the Will Anders Experience?" I hadn't, uh, planned that far beyond breakfast. I just assumed we'd go back to her place and be naked all day. My only plans had been for positions to try.

"Would you think I was an ass**le if I said all I want is to get you naked again and hear you say my name a million times in that sexy voice?"

I slipped my hand up her leg, hoping she wouldn't slap it away.

"Actually, that sounds ... nice. Really nice." Thank God.

If skipping class and going out for breakfast had felt forbidden, lying in bed with Will felt decadent. I was also tired from the non-sleep I'd gotten the night before.

We put the pie in my small refrigerator before Will pushed me toward the bed and started undressing me slowly, kissing every scrap of skin he revealed, plus everything in between.

"I want to know what you taste like everywhere," he said as he pulled my shirt over my head. My breath caught as he pulled my bra straps over my shoulders and then kneeled down to kiss my stomach. It had been flat once, but it wasn't so much anymore. At least, other than my scar, there weren't any other outward signs on my body.

Will kissed right above the line where my jeans ended and then flicked the button and slowly, painfully unzipped them.

"I never understood why my sister liked to take the clothes off her dolls, but now I'm seeing the appeal." He licked my belly button, causing me to shiver and heat to pool in strategic areas in my body. I was almost past the point where I could speak and I wasn't even naked yet.

I put both hands on the sides of his head and he tipped his face up to look at me.

"I love you so much, Will Anders."

"I love you, Aud. So much that it consumes me." All my breath left my body and I leaned down to kiss his upturned lips. He didn't often say things like that, but when he did, they almost stopped my heart.

He stood and pushed me back until I was sitting on the bed.

"Lie back." He moved to my feet, removed my boots and my socks before grabbing the bottoms of my jeans and tugging. The problem was that they were skinny jeans and a little tight in the hip area, so all he did was pull me off the bed.

I landed on top of him on the floor.

"Shit!" I said and he also cursed. I scrambled to get off him, hoping I hadn't injured him in any way.

"Are you okay?" I crouched next to him and he squinted at me.

"Yeah, fine. Only my pride has been kicked in the balls. That did not work out how it was supposed to. I guess I need more practice undressing girls. Why are your pants so tight?"

I started laughing at the look on his face.

"Because I had this delusion that I was a smaller size than I actually am." I stood up and gave him my hand, but he just used it to pull me back down on the floor with him.

"Hey!"

"Did you swear when you fell on me?" he asked.

"I might have."

"I like hearing you curse. I mean, you never do, so it's kind of awesome when you do."

He lay on his side with me. The floor wasn't the most comfortable place, but at least I had a rug on this particular spot.

"Do you want to give the pants a shot again?" I asked as he stroked my hair away from my face.

"Yeah, but how about this time we go from the top?" He got up and this time he picked me straight up off the floor. Those athletic muscles came in handy.

He set me down on the bed and scooted down until he was level with the top of my jeans.

"Wait a second. Why do you still have your clothes on?" I'd been so busy anticipating where his mouth was going to go next that I'd completely forgotten that he still had his shirt and pants on.

His answer was to sit up and pull his shirt over his head.

"Better?" I wanted to take it off, but it didn't really matter, now that it was off. I ran my hands up and down his skin. He was still a little tan from the summer and being outside.

"Much better." He grinned at me and then went back to work on my pants.

My phone chose that moment to ring. The shrill sound cut through the sweet moment with Will.

We both glanced toward my purse where my phone was screaming. I thought about ignoring it, but the person might leave a voicemail, and then it would beep and I couldn't deal with that.

"I'm sorry. I'll just shut it off."

"Aren't you going to answer it?"

I picked up my phone to check and see who was calling.

Maria.

Like it had with Will, all the oxygen left my body, but this time, it was for a different reason.

"Aud?" The phone kept going off and I just kept staring at it as Will kept saying my name.

My hand twitched and the phone fell from my hand and I watched as it fell to the floor and shattered.

16

I just kept saying her name, but she was far, far away. I couldn't reach her. Not even when she dropped her phone and it crashed on the floor and broke. I was always telling her that she needed to upgrade to a better model, or get a case for it or something. Well, now she could. But the phone wasn't the most important issue right now.

"Aud!" I yelled her name and she finally blinked at me.

"What?" Her voice was robotic, as if she was in some sort of trance.

"Your phone. It rang, you dropped it and then it broke?" I pointed to the remnants of said phone on the floor.

"Oh," she said, bending down.

"Be careful." I took her by the shoulders and forced her to go back to the bed. I also found her shirt and handed it to her. This seemed like the kind of moment when she'd want to be clothed.

I picked up the parts of the broken phone and put them in a paper bag I found in her closet before I crouched down in front of her, making her look at me.

"Audrey. You need to tell me what's going on. You're scaring me and I want to help you."

She blinked a few times and took a shaky breath.

"It's nothing. I just ... I wasn't expecting a call and I freaked out a little. That's all."

I shook my head.

"That's not the way you react when you get an unexpected phone call. Someone called you that you don't want to talk to, and I don't know why. I just know that you're not okay right now."

This time she shook her head.

"Please, Will. I don't want to talk about it." And then she crushed her lips over mine, stopping my response. Her hands tore at my hair, at the zipper on my jeans. I wanted to push her away, to tell her to stop, but I didn't think that was going to work.

For right now, this was what she needed. Maybe later she'd be able to talk. So I let her yank my pants and boxers down, while I undressed her as quickly, reaching for the box of condoms that we'd bought on our way back from Bea's. I didn't want to use the ones from the RA again.

Her mouth demanded mine, her body demanded mine. I was all too willing to roll the condom on and thrust hard inside her. She cried out and I worried that I'd hurt her, but she just dug her fingers into my back as she wrapped her legs around me and begged for more. Harder, faster. I did my best to comply with her demands. She'd been almost timid last night when she'd asked if she could be on top, but now she was back to being the commanding goddess, bending me to her will. I'd told her that she consumed me and I wasn't lying. This girl, the one who was under me and telling me to f**k her harder, owned me. She had the power to obliterate me, like Luke had destroyed the Death Star.

She came hard, probably leaving marks in my back, her voice hoarse in my ear. I was right behind her, panting and exhausted as I arched above her and called out her name.

I wanted to collapse, but I turned and fell on the bed beside her. She was silent, staring at the ceiling. I needed to go clean up, but I didn't want to leave her yet.

"I'm not going to talk about it," she said to my unanswered question. Her chest heaved with exertion, and she licked her lips.

"You can't blame me for being freaked out. You scare the shit out of me sometimes." I'd never told her that.

"I scare you?"

"Yeah. All the time." She finally turned toward me.

"You scare me. How you feel about me scares me. You becoming a huge part of my life scares me. There are things ... "

"That I don't know," I finished for her. "I know. I've known since I met you that there was something you were keeping close to the vest. I figured it would just take you some time to open up."

"I'm so, so sorry, Will. I thought I could keep you at arm's length, but then I fell in love with you." A tear drifted down her cheek and I wiped it away with my thumb.

"I didn't mean to fall in love with you," she said. "I tried not to."

"I'm sorry."

She actually laughed, but it was brief.

"You don't have to be sorry. You were just being your irresistible self. I'm powerless against your charms." Now I was laughing.

"If anyone's powerless, it's me, Aud. You have all the power." Her expression shifted and the laughter was gone.

"It doesn't feel that way. I feel like I'm spinning out of control."

I rubbed my hand up and down on her shoulder.

"Is there a way you can talk to me about it without really talking to me about it?" I desperately wanted to ask her what could be so bad that she couldn't tell me, but I was so wary of scaring her off.

"No. If there was, I would have done that already. You know I want to tell you, right?" She held the side of my face and the pain was obvious in her eyes. Whatever her secret, I could see it was breaking her.

"I know, Aud, I know. But can I tell you something?" She nodded.

"Whatever it is, it doesn't matter. Nothing would change how I felt about you. Nothing. Not now, not ever. Okay?"

She nodded again, as if she couldn't form words.

We lay for a while, and she moved closer to me. I put my arms around her and she closed her eyes. Soon her deep breathing signaled that she'd fallen asleep. My arm had as well, but I didn't dare move it. I didn't want to wake her.

The one good thing about my phone being demolished was that now I couldn't call Maria back. I had her number saved into my contacts and didn't know it off the top of my head. Of course, I could call my mom and ask her, but I would rather cut off my own arm, fry it up and eat it for breakfast.

And then there was Will. The boy I was disastrously in love with. He was being so kind and so sweet and I didn't deserve him.

This day was supposed to be the start of our new relationship. A beginning. Instead, my past had come to find us, like I always knew it would.

For now, though, I was going to try to just be with Will. And ignore my broken phone and the calls from my aunt.

"I'm starving," Will said later that afternoon. We were still in bed, but I had Will's shirt on and he wore his boxers.

"Well, I might have some cookies or something." I got up and searched the top shelf of my closet, but I must have imagined the cookies.

"Darn. False alarm on the cookies. Um," I said, searching around the room as Will watched me. "I don't think I have anything, other than the pie. This could be a problem." I turned around and found him checking out my backside.

"Just to make sure, you should probably look again," he said, with mock-seriousness.

I put my hands on my hips and glared down at him.

"You just want me to walk around the room and possibly bend over, don't you?"

He gasped.

"I would never." I couldn't help the giggle that fell from my lips. I shouldn't be giggling. The bag containing my shattered phone had been kicked under the bed, but there were still a few plastic bits stuck in the rug.

Maria had promised me that she wouldn't contact me. That was the deal. So what could make her break that? I didn't want to know.

"Well, we could order takeout. I have a few menus here somewhere." I kept a folder in my desk for emergency takeout when I pulled all-nighters in my room.

"Chinese, pizza, pizza, pizza or pizza?" I fanned the menus out in my hand and held them up in front of him.

"A hard decision, that is." He pointed to one of the pizza menus. I sat back down on the bed while we decided what we were going to get. Will wouldn't stop touching me and I didn't want him to. I loved feeling his fingers on my shoulder, or in my hair, or his chest resting against my back, or his chin on my shoulder.

"You're going to have to order, since I don't have a phone." My voice choked on the word "phone". Will kissed my shoulder and went to his backpack to get his and call for a large pepperoni with green peppers.

"You know, one of us is actually going to have to get dressed to go down and pick it up," I said when he hung up.

"I'll take one for the team," he said, grabbing his pants. I tore them away from him.

"It's not going to be here for another half hour. There's a lot we can do in half-an-hour."

He grinned at me and dove back onto the bed.

The day faded into night and as the light faded, so did my ability to just focus on Will and block out the things I didn't want to think about.

"Hey, beautiful. Why so serious?" He touched my forehead, which I'd probably been wrinkling with worry.

"I'm sorry. I can't stop thinking."

"About your thing?"

"My thing?"

"Your secret."

"Yeah. My secret." My big, bad, awful secret. He said that it wouldn't change his view of me, but it would. I knew it would.

"You should be mad at me for not telling you," I said.

"I'm not. Do you want me to be mad?"

"I don't want you to be anything other than you."

"Well that's good to know." He kissed me and then swiped the last piece of now-cold pizza. "I don't know how to be anyone else. But if you wanted me to be Han Solo, I could probably swing that. For you."

"I was thinking more along the lines of a wizard with glasses and a scar on his forehead."

Will rolled his eyes.

"I don't know if I can learn all that pseudo Latin. But I think I'd be good at using a wand." He waggled his eyebrows and I knew he wasn't talking about the same kind of wand they used at Hogwarts. Not that they didn't probably do that, too. I'd always wondered about what they got up to in the Room of Requirement. Seeing as how it could be anything you needed at the time. I was sure more than a few students had needed a private place for a tryst.

"Are you thinking about Harry Potter? You always get this sort of expression on your face when you're thinking about it. Happy. I can't wait to see your face when we go this summer." Oh God, I'd completely forgotten about that. Well, now we could actually go.

The thought of standing in front of the Hogwarts castle and taking a picture with Will sounded like absolute heaven.

"I might have been thinking about Harry Potter. And you might be thinking about Star Wars right now. You've got that goofy smile on your face." He totally did.

"We're nerds. But shhh, that's just between us," he said.

"It'll be our secret."

"Right. Ours."

At least I could share one secret with him.

17

Our day of bliss might have been a little messed up by the phone call, but the next day we had to deal with telling our friends. Aud and I talked about it and decided doing it at dinner was the best idea, but they had other plans.

"They're all here," Aud said, looking through her peephole on Saturday morning after someone had knocked. I'd thought I'd covered with Simon, saying I was crashing at a friend's place to give him some privacy with Brady.

"All of them?" I asked, knowing the answer.

"All of them," she confirmed, smiling grimly. We were both in various states of undress, having barely left her bed, except to order food and wash her sheets. My dick had gotten a serious workout and was now in hiding.

"Hold up, lemme put a shirt on," I said, getting up. Audrey also threw a robe on and quickly made the bed as so many fists pounded on the door, it rattled on its hinges and I was afraid Aud was going to have to pay to replace it.

"Why can't they mind their own business?" I said.

"Because they care, William. Because they care."

Audrey opened the door, and they all piled in. I didn't think the tiny room could hold so many people, but the gang was all here, and they had a range of looks on their faces. Lottie was smug, because she already knew, Simon had an accusatory glare in his eyes and the rest ranged from not surprised, to amused, to Trish. No one seemed shocked or pissed, so that was good.

"Yes. We're together. Not that it is any of your business. Not one of you," I said, pointing an accusatory finger at every person in the room.

"Of course it's our business, sweet brother," Lottie said, sitting down next to me and punching my shoulder. "You seemed to think it was your business what I was doing with Zan and now I'm just repaying the favor. Because you deserve it." Her fingers pinched my shoulder.

"I, for one, was not surprised," Trish said in a bored voice.

"Well, none of us are," Simon said, rolling his eyes. Brady was looking at us like we were an adorable pair of bunnies and he just wanted to squeeze us both.

"Is this really necessary?" I said, but everyone ignored me. Aud took my hand and grinned at me though, so I knew she'd heard me.

"Yes, we're together and we're going to see how this goes. I don't want to think about possible scenarios, because it's pointless to try and plan that kind of thing out. You never really know what's going to happen in relationships." She looked down as she said the last part and her voice lowered.

Her tone always changed when she talked about something that was close to her secret. I paid attention to everything she said, but sometimes I got a little distracted by staring into her eyes.

Okay, okay, maybe down her top. Sometimes at her ass. But really, it's not my fault. I can't help it.

Still, distractions aside, I was starting to put a few things together. Aud might have said that she wanted to tell me and couldn't, but maybe I could figure it out for her and save her the trauma. It would work out perfectly. Then I could prove to her that I didn't care about whatever it was, because I'd already known about it.

I silently congratulated myself on my brilliant plan as the rest of the group talked about Aud and me as if we weren't there.

Our friends were weird.

"You have a secret pie place and you didn't tell me?" Lottie screamed as we all sat down to a very late brunch at the Union. Several people around us stared at her, but she didn't notice or care.

"Sorry. I shouldn't have said anything," Aud said, as if I'd be mad at her for such a thing.

"It's okay. It's not a big deal. I can share." Not when it came to her, but everything else, sure. Lottie usually just took things without asking anyway. I was used to it.

"I could go for pie," Stryker said.

"Same. I could always make a few. We could have third Thanksgiving," Katie said, and giggled as Stryker whispered something in her ear. I would call them out on their disgusting behavior, but I really couldn't because now I'd be a filthy hypocrite.

Everyone had been bitten by the love bug and it wasn't even spring. I blamed it on the Maine winters. There wasn't a whole lot to do, so staying inside and keeping each other warm was the only option.

Speaking of keeping each other warm, I was counting the minutes until Aud and I could be alone again. My c**k had rested sufficiently and was ready for action. Just sitting next to her and smelling her hair was making me hard again.

"They're never going to let us be alone again," Aud whispered under her breath as Simon told a story in a ridiculous accent that had everyone in stiches.

"Probably not," I answered, looking up and meeting Lottie's accusatory eyes. Sure, she could have sex, but I wasn't allowed to. Ever.

We were right. The second we got up from the table, Lottie attacked me and said something about calling Mom and then studying and Simon joined in and asked if I wanted to play tennis and Stryker was talking about a car and I had to hold my hands up so they'd all shut up. Aud had been similarly attacked by Katie, who was talking makeover nonsense. Again.

"No. We will hang out with you on Sunday. Maybe. But right now, we want it to just be the two of us. Right, Aud?" She put her hand in mine, and I kissed the back of it.

"You're right. I'm sorry. I love you all, I really do. Please don't be mad. But we just ..." She couldn't finish.

"Okay, okay, I guess that's fair. We had a cabin, didn't we?" Lottie said, grinning and bumping into Zan. He was so tall that her head didn't reach his shoulder.

"We did," he said, grinning down at her.

Stryker cleared his throat.

"Okay, so we're all going to leave the happy couple alone for at least 24 hours more. Agreed? Emergency contact only." He was the oldest of our group and sometimes he acted as our leader/father/voice of reason. Ironic, considering how many bad decisions he'd made in his life.

"Agreed," everyone muttered. Except Trish. She just rolled her eyes and muttered something to Max, who muffled a snort of laughter behind his hand. Shit, even they were aboard the adorable couple train. Never thought I would see that.

"We're going to go now," I said, slowly backing away and taking Aud with me. Everyone waved goodbye. I had a brief image in my mind of them somehow stopping us, but they didn't.

"Should we run?" Aud said as the door closed behind us and we walked down the steps.

"We might want to. Just to be safe." She grinned at me and we took off.

"I seriously have to do homework. You're a terrible influence on my grades. Or is this some sort of backwards way to win the New Year's money?"

We lay in bed again, this time I was reading the first Harry Potter book aloud to him. Or trying to. He kept interrupting me, and finally, I'd shut the book and started beating him with it.

"Whatever, Aud. You could sit and do nothing and you'd still get perfect grades. Some of us actually have to work at it."

"Some of us aren't taking classes like tennis."

"Ouch, burn."

I grabbed my book and got up to put it back on my bookshelf. I'd try again with him soon. I'd make a Harry fan out of him yet.

"We can do homework, if you want. We might want to leave this room, though. Whenever I look at the bed, all I can think about is getting you in it." I couldn't argue with that. I definitely felt the same way.

"Okay, we'll go to the library. Do you have all your stuff with you?" We'd gone back to Will's room during our mad dash from the Union and he'd gotten more of his stuff.

If I didn't know better, I'd say he was trying to move in with me. His stuff was all over my place now. Holy crap, was he moving in with me?

"Whoa, you've got a weird look on your face."

"Are you moving in with me?" He gaped at me for a second and then his face went red.

"Uh, no. That wasn't what I had planned. I mean, we sort of just started dating. Doesn't that seem a little fast? Unless you want me to? Because if you wanted to, I think that would be okay. Simon would be happy because he and Brady could be together all the time." He'd taken off on one of his rambles, and I was trying not to laugh.

"No, you don't have to move in with me. It's just that you have a lot of your stuff here and I don't have a roommate, so I guess I jumped to conclusions." Will just nodded and started gathering his stuff up and I went to do the same.

"We could go get your phone later, if you want." My blood went cold at the mention of my phone.

"Why do I need a phone when I can use yours?" Luckily, my back was toward him, so he couldn't see my face. I had enough time to put on a smile before I turned around and put my books, notebooks and laptop in my bag.

"Do you not want to go and get a new phone? Won't your parents be worried if they can't get in touch with you?" I almost smiled at him for real this time. He might be smart in some ways, but he was naive in others. He couldn't really understand that there was a giant rift between my parents and me. Granted, I hadn't told him why, but he still seemed to think that it would just change one day and we would try to be a family again.

"No, they won't. Ready to go?" I tried to give him my usual smile, but it felt awkward on my face.

"Uh, yeah. Ready." He smiled back and took my hand. Crisis averted.

Will was quiet on the walk down to the library and I wasn't sure if it was because of the issue with my family, or if he was thinking about something else.

"Penny for your thoughts?" I said.

"Hm?" I repeated my question.

"What does that even mean? Like, did people in the olden days actually give people pennies for their thoughts? I mean, pennies were worth a lot back then, so that was kind of a big deal. And weren't there people who would tell you what they were thinking for free?" I wasn't sure where he was going with this.

"Sorry. That was weird." I couldn't help but laugh.

"You're ridiculous sometimes, but I love you anyway," I said.

"You do?" Was that in doubt? I'd said it what felt like hundreds of times in less than three days. Once I said it the first time, it was as if I'd opened the floodgates and I couldn't stop.

"Would you still love me if I had a deep, dark secret?" he asked.

"Of course." The words were out before I could think where we were going with this.

"Good to know, good to know." His hand tightened on mine.

"Was that what you were thinking about?"

"No, I was just wondering." We crossed the street and I didn't know what else to say.

"Have a lot of homework for tennis? Need to polish your racket?" I tried for a lighter tone. It took him a moment to answer.

"No, I think I'll need you to do that for me later, if you know what I mean." He raised his eyebrows up and down.

"You're terrible," I said, bumping him in the shoulder as he reached to open the door of the library.

"But you love me anyway."

Yes, I loved him anyway.

Studying with Will wasn't easy. We were near a window and the sun kept catching the gold in his hair and making me glance up from my book or computer. He also made the cutest serious face when he was reading, and the way he rested his head on his closed fist made him look like he was posing. I wanted to photograph him like that, but I kept my mouth shut and tried to keep reading.

I wasn't the only one who had an issue, though. I could feel it when he looked at me as I was trying to read or type.

There was one moment when he had definitely been staring at me for quite a while and I couldn't ignore it anymore.

"You're staring," I said, not looking up from my textbook.

"You're gorgeous. I can't help it." That made me look up. "Hold still." I did and he leaned over the table and kissed me on the cheek. "There. I just had to do that."

I shook my head and felt a blush color my cheeks.

"I don't deserve you," I said.

"Sure you do." He winked and went back to his book, but I had a much harder time going back to mine.

This thing was going to catch up with me, sooner or later. I'd thought that I could outrun it, but it was true, what they said. You couldn't outrun your problems. They would always find you, just when you thought that you'd gotten free of them.

I'd considered telling Will a hundred thousand times. But I just wanted us to stay as we were and telling him would change us, one way or another.

We worked for most of the day, and I barely got anything accomplished. I'd have to find Will-free time to finish everything I needed to get done. Before him, my studies had been the only thing I'd filled my time and my brain space with. But now he'd crowded all that out and I didn't know if I even wanted to go back to the person I was before.

I'd had more laughter and more joy with Will in a few months than I'd had in a long time. Even before everything had fallen apart in my life. Maybe I'd always been falling apart, and I'd only just realized it. I'd been born with cracks that had only gotten wider, increased in size. And now I was finally starting to fill them in with something.

Will made me see so many things that I'd never noticed before, and he had no idea he was even doing it.

"I'm starving," he said, slamming his book shut and earning glares from some of the other people around us. He definitely didn't belong in this quiet corner of the library. He had a hard time being still and a hard time being quiet. Not that I minded.

"Do you want to eat here, or go somewhere else?"

"Here is fine." We were packing up our things when a familiar voice said, "Fancy meeting you two here."

"Lottie," Will said, sighing. "One of these days, I'm going to revoke your twindar privileges." She stuck her tongue out at him as Zan nodded to both of us, trying to fight an amused smile. I was fighting one myself. Will and Lottie were too entertaining for their own good.

"Good luck with that, William. So, we were wondering if you'd like to have dinner? Everyone else is indisposed tonight." Lottie said.

"What are you doing on campus on a Saturday?" Will said, ignoring her question.

"I'm following you, dumbass," she said with a roll of her eyes. "We also have homework to do, you know. Zan had a study session and I decided that this establishment was more conducive to me getting work done than the apartment. And it's none of your business what I do and where I go, anyway."

Will moved to make some sort of retort, but I stepped between them.

"No fighting or bloodshed in the library. This is a sacred place. Respect the books."

"Yeah, Will. Respect the books. What would Mom say?" she said. He gave her quite a glare, but I pushed on his chest and he looked at me instead.

"Respect the books," I said. Not that Will and Lottie would ever get violent, but they might disturb the other library patrons with their fun.

"Fine. But this isn't over. I'm watching you." He used two fingers to point at his eyes and then at Lottie. She did the same.

"Are you done, L?" Zan said, putting his hand on Lottie's shoulder.

"For now." She grinned up at him and pushed some of his hair out of his face.

The four of us walked the short distance to the Union, Will and Lottie still trading jabs. I shared a look with Zan.

"I'm worried that one of these days they're going to kill each other," he said in a low voice as the other two argued.

"They love each other too much. And one would miss the other."

He nodded.

"True. I don't think they can exist separately."

"Agreed."

"Stop talking about us!" Will and Lottie said at the same time.

18

Simon had a rare night when he could stay with Brady, so Will and I decided to stay in his room. I would have rather stayed in mine, honestly, and not just because all my stuff was there.

"If I would have known this was happening, I might have thought about cleaning a bit. Sorry." He waded through the clothes on the floor. "Simon bought me a hamper, but it takes up space, and then it's a pain in the ass to carry it to the laundry room, so, I just ... Yeah."

"It's fine," I said, flopping down on his bed. At least that was made, and judging by how well it was made, Simon was the culprit. It was actually shocking that Simon hadn't cleaned Will's side of the room while he was staying with me. Would have been the perfect opportunity to organize everything to his exacting standards.

"May I offer you a drink?" He opened the mini fridge and gestured to the cans and bottles inside.

"Um, Coke is fine."

"We also have a wide variety of tea, thanks to the sister-who-shall-not-be-named." I snorted as he handed me the can. He wasn't aware of his subtle Harry Potter reference, but I was.

"The soda's fine." He kept tripping on things and his hands almost looked like they were shaking.

"Are you okay?" Was he nervous? Whatever for?

"Yeah, fine. It's just that this is the first time you've stayed over at my place and it's not as clean as yours and I'm sorry." His rambles were getting more frequent lately.

"Will, a dirty room isn't going to send me packing. Now, if you had a collection of human heads under your bed, then I might have a few questions, but I don't care about a few dirty clothes, or a little bit of mess. It's fine, honestly." I grabbed his arm and pulled him down on the bed next to me.

"You know, the clothes on the floor look lonely," I said, climbing into his lap and straddling his hips with my legs.

"Do they?" he said, looking up at me and pushing my hair back with both of his hands.

"Yeah, I think they might need some friends." I gathered the hem of my shirt and pulled it over my head, tossing it on the floor with the rest of his clothes.

"That's definitely better," Will said, his voice cracking a little. I laughed and started dragging his shirt over his head.

I was using sex to avoid thinking about the things I didn't want to think about. Just because I knew I was doing it, and that it was wrong, didn't mean I was going to stop anytime soon. Sex with Will was sweet and raw and made me feel like I could do anything. It felt so good.

Will and I took it slow in his bed, trying to be quiet because his neighbors kept banging on the wall when we were too vocal.

"They're just jealous," he said as we lay panting after he'd given me three unbelievable orgasms. My body was heavy, my joints unscrewed and my head quiet, for the moment.

"I thought Lottie was crazy for moving in with Zan so quick, but now I'm seeing the appeal of having your own place," I said. Will made a choking noise and sat up.

"You okay?"

"Uh, yeah," he said, wiping his watering eyes. "It's just that that's the second time you've mentioned living together and I'm beginning to think that you're giving me heavy hints and I'm too stupid to see it."

"I'm not giving you hints. We haven't even been dating a week. Moving in together would be crazy. Totally crazy. And where would we even get the money for a place? And I'm sure it's impossible to get an apartment at this time of year. And I don't have a car, so how would I get to class? No, it's totally crazy." Will stared at me as if I'd just spoken in tongues.

"I am not going to point out how much you just sounded like my sister. Nope, I'm not going to do it."

"You just did," I said, smacking him in the chest. "It would be crazy. Absolutely crazy." Beyond the crazy, it would be next to impossible to keep Will in the dark when he was with me all the time. What if my parents called and he picked up? I didn't think they'd have any qualms about filling Will in on what a disgraceful daughter I was.

"Right. Crazy," he said, getting a shirt from the floor and a pair of boxers. "I'll be right back. Don't go anywhere." He kissed me quickly on the lips and I almost tore the clothes off him again.

"Wouldn't dream of it," I said, grabbing another one of his shirts and putting it on as he left the room. I stuck my thumb through one of the holes in his shirt and breathed in his scent. I loved that most of his clothing was so worn that it was soft and nearly threadbare.

I rolled onto my stomach and sighed. I was going to have to get a phone. I hadn't lied to Will when I told him that my parents wouldn't worry if they couldn't get in touch with me. They wouldn't worry, because they'd stopped caring much about what I did. But Maria was persistent. That much I knew. If she wanted to get in touch with me, then she was going to do it.

Even thinking about that blocked out all the afterglow of being with Will, and made my stomach twist itself into knots. I needed to have a phone for a lot of reasons, so I was going to have to get one. But I couldn't do it with Will. I picked his phone off the desk and sent a quick text to Trish, asking if she would go phone shopping with me the next day.

She messaged back right away that she would, and we planned when and where she'd pick me up. As soon as the details were set, I deleted the messages. I'd just tell Will that we were going shopping and he couldn't know why because it was a surprise. I'd also pick out some lingerie, in case he got suspicious.

I hated, hated, hated lying to him, but for now, this was all I knew how to do.

The next day Aud said she was going shopping with Trish, which sent up all kinds of red flags. Most of all because Trish hated shopping, but Aud assured me that she was picking out something that she would surprise me with later, and that made my pants a little tight and I got dickstracted from my original suspicions.

After she left for whatever she was doing with Trish, I sent Simon a message asking if he was up for tennis. I felt the need to hit things, and maybe bounce some of my ideas and suspicions off him. I hadn't talked to anyone about the situation with Aud and I needed a second opinion.

"So you finally won her over, did you? Dropped some of that Will Anders charm and she just swooned in your arms?" Simon smacked me with his racket and I was beginning to regret asking him to do this with me.

"Something like that. But she's still so secretive. She's got this big, thing, I guess and it's driving me crazy. I mean, I wouldn't care if she wasn't so torn up about it. I can see her struggling with it and it just wrecks me that I can't do anything to help."

Simon shook his head.

"You are so gone on her. Do you remember when Kandy freaked out on you for not forgetting all your anniversaries?"

I didn't want to talk about my ex.

"Well if she didn't have so damn many of them. I mean, am I seriously required to remember the first time we went to second base? Or went to the movies together, or all that shit?"

"Depends on the person. I bet you could remember when you did all that stuff with Audrey, couldn't you?"

"Not all of them." All of them. Definitely. Probably down to the hour. Everything about my time with her was burned into my memory. I couldn't forget it if I tried.

"My point is that Audrey is your one-and-only. Either the two of you will end up married, or you'll end up alone and never be able to love anyone else again."

"Wow, thanks for the pep talk, Coach. Really inspiring." I punched him in the shoulder. He deserved it.

"You're still not getting my point. Some people fall in love a lot. Some people have a lot of "the one"s. But you, William, you're a one and only kind of guy. You'll only ever give your heart to one person, and you've been lucky enough to find her. So stop worrying about her secret and enjoy being in love. I'm enjoying watching you be in love. You look happy and it's good to see." We stopped walking and he gave me a quick pat on the back.

"Thanks, I think. But I do need your advice."

"Lover, you always need my advice," he said, giving me a look as two girls walked by, staring at us.

"That's the worst idea you've ever had, and I've been present for a lot of your bad decision-making," Simon said as I told him about my plan to figure out Aud's secret and then surprise her with not caring.

"But it would save her telling me and that would just make everything better. I can't believe you think this is a bad idea," I said, serving the ball. Simon was on his game today, and was beating me soundly.

He volleyed back and I missed.

"No, no, no. I might be of the g*y persuasion, but I know women don't think that way."

"That's such a sexist thing to say, that women are just a bunch of people who all think the same way." Simon snorted and took a swig from his water bottle. I'd had plenty of lectures on feminism from my sister, and even if I hadn't, I hated it when people acted like women had some sort of herd mentality. Men, on the other hand ...

"Whatever you say, but I can tell you that our girl Audrey will not see it that way. So I'd just stop with that little plan right now and get out with your testicles intact." That was a bit dramatic. Right?

"So what the hell do I do?" He shrugged.

"Don't know, bro. That's a tough one. I don't feel qualified to give advice on this one." Now it was my turn to snort.

"Are you kidding? You live for giving advice. And organizing things."

"Be that as it may, or may not, I'm not telling you what to do. But I will be here to say 'I told you so' when this plan blows up in your face." He tossed a ball at me. "Your serve."

"You are so unhelpful," I said, slamming my racket down on the ball to give it some topspin. Simon volleyed it back with ease. I was barely able to return it and then he slammed his racket on the ball, making it hit just inside the line.

"I win."

Okay, so maybe Trish wasn't the best person to pick for this excursion, but I couldn't take Lottie because she would tell Will, and I didn't know if Katie would be able to keep this from Lottie, so Trish was the best choice of friend who could keep her mouth shut.

"So why are we doing this?"

"Because I need a phone and I can't go with Will. He asks too many questions." Because the phone reminded me of everything I was trying to hide. She just nodded and turned the truck on and didn't ask any more questions.

"So, how's things with Max?" Making small talk with Trish was sometimes a chore. She had a bad case of resting bitch face and a constant pissed-off energy that she didn't seem to notice she was giving off.

"Good. How's everything with you and golden boy?" The nickname made me giggle.

"He's getting nosy, and I don't know what to do about it." Trish thought about that for a while before she answered.

"You've got to decide what you can live with: telling him the truth, or living with the lie. It's that simple."

"I'm used to living with the lie. It's what I know. In a weird way, it's comfortable for me." Trish nodded.

"Exactly. That's what people don't understand about secrets. If you've been keeping them for a long time, it's almost impossible to think about setting them free. But is it worth it?"

"I don't know."

"Well, figure it out, bitch." She said it with a smile.

"How about this one?" Trish said, pointing to a phone that didn't look like it would slide into the average back pocket. "If you go blind, you'll still be able to use it." I shushed her and looked around to make sure no one else in the store had heard her.

A sales guy came over and asked if he could help us. I cut Trish off before she could snark at him and explained the situation. I actually had my old phone with me, but I hadn't paid extra for the replacement program, so I was out of luck in just getting it replaced. It was so old, I didn't think they even made that model anymore.

After a lot of sales pitches and mumbo jumbo about which phone was the best, I finally picked one and was able to pay for it and get out of the store before Trish said something that made them throw us out.

"You're going to become one of those hipster robots now," Trish commented on my phone choice. I couldn't help it that the best deal was the most popular phone.

"Look, I've got bigger problems than a phone, Trish," I said, my tone a little snappish.

"Yeah, yeah. That's what I've learned in life. We all have shit to deal with and you have no idea about what the person standing next to you is going through." She was having one of her moments of wisdom again. Getting advice from Trish was like using a cursing Magic 8 Ball.

"I know, I know." I made a quick trip to get some lingerie, and Trish threatened me with bodily harm if I took more than fifteen minutes to pick something out.

Phone and lingerie acquired, we headed to the food court and I was in line to get a slice of pizza when the guy in front of me turned around and did a double take.

"Audrey!" Shit, shit, shit. What was Eddie doing here? I swallowed my moment of panic and put another fake smile on my face. I was getting better at smiling when I didn't want to.

"Hi, Eddie. Small world." You could say that again.

"Yeah, definitely. I'm sorry we didn't have more of a chance to talk at the party." I wasn't.

"Yeah, I ended up leaving early. I didn't feel that great," I said, the lie slipping easily from my tongue.

"That sucks. Hey, I'd love to get together and catch up sometime. I'm with someone right now, but maybe soon?" His eyes flicked over to one of the tables in the food court and I glanced and saw a pretty blonde sitting there, as if she was waiting for him.

"Oh, yeah, we should do that." He grinned and took his plate of pizza and asked the guy behind the counter for a pen.

"Here's my number," he said, pushing up my sleeve and writing on my arm. I almost pulled away, but people were staring. "That way the ball is in your court. Call me." He gave me one last wink and left.

The guy behind the counter just gaped at me and then gave me a grin.

"What can I get for you?"

"You look like you just saw a zombie," Trish said when I sat down with my pizza. I definitely wasn't hungry anymore.

"Not quite."

"Okay, spill. What happened?" I stared at my slice of pepperoni and green pepper.

"There's this guy. Let's just say that he and I have a history that I'd rather forget and I just ran into him. He doesn't go to DU, but I keep seeing him around."

"Oh, that guy you saw at the party? What was his name again?" She dug into her giant vat of nachos with everything on them.

"Eddie."

"Right. He looked like a douchecanoe." Against my will, I laughed. I couldn't help it.

"He's not, really. A little self-centered, but he's not a bad guy. He's not a bad guy." I don't know why I said it again.

"Hm. Sounds like an interesting history."

I picked up my pizza and took a bite, even though I couldn't taste it. I didn't want Trish to see how wrecked seeing Eddie made me. "One I'd rather leave in the past, but it doesn't seem to want to stay there."

"Things never stay where you put them." I hated how ominous that sounded.

19

When Audrey modeled the little pink lacy bits of fabric for me that night back at her place, it was all I could do to not rip the thing off her.

"It looks good on the floor, doesn't it?" she said, glancing at the lingerie on her floor.

"Definitely," I said. "Hey, what's this?" I said, noticing some faded writing on her arm. It looked kind of like a phone number.

"Oh, it's nothing," she said, taking her arm back and then pulling the covers over herself.

"No, it's not nothing, because you would have told me what it was. Seriously, Aud, enough with the secrets." I was trying not to be an ass**le, but enough was enough. Now she was lying about writing on her arm?

"Okay, fine. I ran into that guy, Eddie, from the party, while I was shopping today and he decided that we should catch up, so he wrote his number on my arm. I tried to wash it off because it wasn't a big deal. I'm not going to call him." Clearly she was irritated, but I didn't know if it was at me, or at the situation with Eddie.

"I wish I would have been with you. I could have set him straight."

She rolled her eyes.

"You don't have to protect me. I took care of it myself. And he's not a bad guy."

"He sounds like an ass**le if he's just willing to just grab any girl's arm and write his number on it. What's your history with him, anyway?"

She sat up and turned her naked back to me. That was as clear a signal as I'd ever seen from her.

"I told you already. I had a crush on him once. That was all."

"Seems like now he's the one crushing on you," I said, putting my arms around her and pulling her back down with me.

"He had another girl with him. I'm sure he just wants to talk about high school or something." "Or something" was right.

"Sure, Aud. Sure." I kissed her forehead and ran my hands through her hair. I hoped she never cut it. I just wanted it to grow and grow until it was all down her back. Hell, I'd even learn how to braid if it meant I could touch her hair more often.

"You don't sound convinced," she said.

"I'm not. Because I find it impossible to believe that any guy would not be into you. Have you seen you?" That earned me another eye roll. "I'm not just saying that because I love you. People are always staring at you. Do you not notice that?"

She shook her head.

"I guess not. Or maybe I ignore it." That made sense. She put up a lot of walls between herself and other people. She might have broken down a couple of them for me, but they were still up for most people.

"It's not a big deal, Aud. I'm not going to go caveman and beat some guy for hitting on my woman. You're right that you can take care of yourself. I just would have enjoyed seeing his face if I had come over and given you a kiss."

"He might have given me the number anyway."

"Well, then I might have gotten a little cavemanish. A guy can only take so much."

"Shut up," she said, smacking me in the chest. No matter what woman I had in my life, she was always hitting me.

On Monday I was leaving English class with Lottie and Tyler when a woman walked briskly into the room and spoke with Mr. Halloway.

"Audrey? Can you come here for a moment?" He crooked his finger at me and my stomach dropped. It was probably nothing. Maybe a glitch on my transcript.

"I'll catch up with you later," I said to Lottie and Tyler, who were watching me with concerned expressions on their faces.

"Good luck," Lottie said and Tyler waved at me.

"Is something wrong?" I said, approaching Mr. Halloway's desk. The woman looked vaguely familiar.

"Yes, in fact. Your parents have been worried sick about you, Audrey. They called the Dean's office and left messages this weekend and then again this morning. I've been trying to track you down."

My mouth went dry and my heart felt like it was going to stop any moment.

"My phone. It broke." I could only summon those four words.

"Well, you should contact them immediately. Your mother was very upset." She sounded like she was a second away from sending me to the principal's office, or giving me a detention.

"I'll call them."

"Good. I don't want to have to do this again. Have a nice day." She spun on her heel and marched out of the room.

Mr. Halloway looked from the woman from the Dean's office to me and back.

"Strict parents?"

"What?" Mr. Halloway repeated himself.

"Um, something like that. I should probably go and call them." I turned away from him, completely embarrassed.

"Audrey." I couldn't help the way my insides quivered at the way he pronounced my name.

"Yes?" I turned back around and hoped my face wasn't still red.

"If you need to talk, my office door is always open. It's just down the hall, and I'm only a phone call away. My office phone number is on the syllabus."

"Thanks. I really appreciate that." I wouldn't dream of availing myself of his office number, but I might call it and see if I could get his answering machine, just to listen to his voice.

"Anytime." He gave me a smile and I turned back around and walked down the hall to a quiet corner so I could call my mom.

My hands were shaking as I held up my new phone and hit Dial.

I didn't make it to the rest of my classes. It took all my effort to even get off the floor after I talked to my mother and walk back to my room.

I fell on my bed and stared up at the ceiling. Insignificant details fluttered through my mind, in and out. Was that a water stain up there? Why had I never noticed that? And who was playing the guitar? Was it the person next door or two doors down?

Inane thoughts. Those were the only ones I could think at the moment. The rest of my mind had gone. Run away. Abandoned me in my hour of need.

My phone kept going off, but I couldn't move to silence it. I wondered if I was in shock. Probably.

Even a knock at my door couldn't get me out of my current state. Not even someone calling my name over and over.

Finally, someone burst through the door.

"Aud? Aud?" Will's face blocked my view of the ceiling. "Are you okay? You never showed up for lunch and I just had this feeling. Aud? Look at me." I was looking at him. I couldn't help but look at him. He was all I could see. He put both hands on either side of my face and stared into my eyes.

"I don't know what to do. I don't know what's happening. Please, Audrey." I still couldn't find it in myself to move or speak. All I could do was breathe and wait for something to happen.

Will looked away from me and spoke to someone over his shoulder.

"I don't know what's wrong with her." Another face joined his in my line of vision.

"Hey, Aud. Are you okay? My brother here is really worried about you. Do you think you could say something to us?"

I tried to find my voice but it was lost. Lost like the rest of my brain. I searched and tried to find them both, but they were gone far away. Out of reach.

"I think we need to call someone. I think she's in shock," Lottie said. "Or maybe we should slap her or something. They do that in movies. You know, snap her out of it."

"You're not slapping her, Lot. That's ridiculous. She just needs a second to get out of it. She's just ..." I didn't know what I was just.

"Can you blink for me, Aud? One blink for yes, two for no. Are you okay?" What a question. I knew I wasn't okay, but I didn't want him calling someone else. So I blinked once.

"Okay, good. That's good. Did something happen?" Another loaded question. I blinked once again.

"What happened, Aud? Tell me."

I opened my mouth and tried.

I was scared shitless. The last time I remembered being this scared was when Lottie broke her leg sledding and I thought she'd died.

But now Aud was in some sort of state and I didn't know how to reach her, or what to do, or how to fix it. I just wanted to f**king fix it.

"I can't," were the first words that came out, but I was just so relieved she was speaking that I didn't care what she was saying. I gathered her into my arms and held her hard. Probably too hard. Maybe enough to suffocate her.

"It's okay, it's okay. Everything's going to be okay. I promise you, Aud. Everything's going to be okay." I was almost shaking, but at least she was talking.

"I'm sorry," she said. Over and over. And then I felt her body start to shake and sobs rip from her mouth. It was one of the most horrible sounds I'd ever heard. Like she was being ripped apart.

I just held her harder as Lottie looked on, her hands fluttering around us, because she didn't know what to do to help.

"It's okay, it's okay." She abruptly stopped crying and pushed away from me.

"Oh, Will," she said, wiping her eyes and taking the tissue Lottie handed her.

"Hey, it's okay." I tried to smile, but my face was stiff with worry. Lottie sat next to Audrey on the bed and put her arm around her. An Anders sandwich.

"What happened?" Lottie said. I glared at her. Now was not the time.

"Nothing. Nothing happened," Aud said, shaking her head and trying to get away from us. Neither Lottie or I was going to let that happen.

"No, I'm sorry, that's not going to cut it this time. You have to tell me. Otherwise, I'll ... I'll ..." I didn't know what I'd do, but it would be something drastic.

"We'll call your parents," Lottie said, getting up and grabbing Audrey's new phone that she'd bought on her shopping trip with Trish. Brilliant move, Lot.

"NO!" Audrey struggled to get out of my arms and take the phone from Lottie, but I held on tight. "No, please don't! Please!"

She clawed at me and it was a struggle to hold onto her.

"Just tell me, Aud. What's wrong?"

"Everything! Everything is wrong, Will!" she screamed and finally stopped fighting me. "You think I'm perfect and you put me on this pedestal, but I'm not perfect. I'm not!"

I had no idea what she was talking about. I adored her, but that didn't mean I thought she was perfect. But I must have made her feel that way.

"I don't think you're perfect. Well, maybe a little. I just know that I love you, which means I love everything about you. Everything, including your flaws and your imperfections and all the things you hate about yourself. That's what love is, and what makes it unconditional. I wish I could make you believe that." What more could I do? I'd said it so many times, I'd tried to show her, but I was out of ideas.

"Do you need me to declare it in front of a bunch of people? Hire a skywriter? Surprise you with a flash mob? Whatever you need me to do to prove to you that nothing, nothing would change how I see you right now, at this moment, I'll do. Just tell me what you want."

"I want you to leave me alone, Will. I need you to go. I need to be alone. Please."

The words hit me deep in the chest, burrowed in and started tearing me apart. I'd worked so hard, so hard to get us to where we were and now she wanted to end it.

"No," I said. "I don't accept that. I'm not letting you run away again. You're going to have to physically remove me from this room to get rid of me." Sure, that might be a childish, but it was a last resort. It was the kind of thing I'd pull with Lottie.

"You can't do that," she said.

"Yes, I damn well can. Lottie, back me up." I turned toward her and she bit her lip, conflicted. "Come on, you know I'm right."

"I know you're right, but this is hard for me, Will. I hate it when you put me in this position. I knew this was going to happen."

Audrey started struggling again, but not as hard as before.

"Why did you have to come into my life? I was fine and then you had to show up and I had to fall in love with you. You're such an ass**le." This was definitely not a laughing moment, but I laughed anyway.

"Shut up," she said, and stopped fighting me again. "It's not funny. This is so far from funny, William. So far."

"Okay, it seems like the situation is in control now and I need to get ... somewhere else. Call if you need anything." Lottie scampered out of the room, sensing that we needed some privacy. Not that she wouldn't find out later, or just know, like she always did.

The door closed behind her and I put all my attention back on Aud.

"Can you give me anything? You don't have to say names, or anything. Can you even give me a hypothetical situation?"

She licked her lips.

"Can you get me a bottle of water out of the fridge?" If she'd asked me to travel to Hoth and bring her back a tauntaun, I would have done it.

I got the water and brought it back to her, hoping that this meant she was finally going to tell me at least something.

She sipped the water slowly, staring at something far away that I couldn't see.

"Okay. Hypothetically, my relationship with Eddie wasn't just a crush. We, um, had sex. Just once. I think he might have been too drunk to remember it. I might also have been drunk, but I remember all thirty uncomfortable seconds of it. It was stupid, and I regretted it afterwards."

Really? That was the big secret?

I started laughing.

"This isn't funny, Will." She was pissed, but that didn't stop me from laughing.

"You thought that I'd be upset about you having sex with a three pump drunk chump? Why in the hell would I care about that?"

"I was with someone else when I had sex with Eddie. My boyfriend at the time, he didn't believe in sex before marriage. He barely even believed in kissing before marriage. I dated him to make my parents happy, but then we had a fight at the party and he left and I had sex with Eddie. I cheated, Will." Okay, that was a little less funny. But still, all this hoopla for that?

"Okay. You cheated. So have I." Her eyes went wide and she finally came back from whatever memory she'd been trapped in.

"You did?"

"Yeah. It obviously wasn't my proudest moment. Once again, I was pissed with my girlfriend and there was this little sister of one of my buddies and she'd been flirting with me forever. So we made out a little. I was going to have sex with her, but then she told me she was a virgin and I didn't feel right about it. So you see, both of us have f**ked up. It doesn't matter. Does what I just told you change how you feel about me?"

"No," she said in a small voice.

"Then what's the problem?" I yelled. It might have been a little dramatic, but this was so lame. No it went beyond f**king lame. I wanted to strangle her and kiss her at the same time. Yeah, I was definitely in love with her.

20

I was definitely going to hell this time. I'd thought about spilling the entire story, about what had happened after I'd had sex with Eddie and how those thirty seconds of terrible sex had effectively destroyed my life.

But then I couldn't. I told him about Eddie and the cheating and I couldn't keep going. He just seemed so relieved that was all it was, I couldn't tell him the rest.

This was even worse than keeping him completely in the dark. Now I was really lying to him. As far as I could see, this was the only way right now. I'd dug myself into a hole, and I was going to have to wait and see how things would go.

I told Will I needed to go take a shower, mostly so I could be alone with my thoughts. I loved him, but I needed some time to think.

He told me not to take too long or he'd come in and find me, but I knew he had to get back to his own classes.

The bathroom was empty, for now, so I knew no one would hear me sobbing over the sound of the water.

As soon as I got naked and stepped under the spray, the wounds that my mom had cut with the words form the phone call opened and I hurt so bad that I could barely breathe.

My baby was sick. Really sick.

That was why my aunt had called. My baby needed a bone marrow transplant and they needed to test me to see if I was a match.

I had to hold onto the wall of the shower so my knees didn't give out on me. I cried like I cried when she was born. When they asked me if I wanted to see her and I shook my head. I cried like I did the first few times I looked down at my scar. The only mark on my body I had left of her.

I should have known Maria wouldn't call for anything less than a life or death situation. This was both. My daughter's life could depend on me. I might have given her up, but she was still my daughter and she needed me.

The door on the bathroom banged against the frame. Someone must have come in. I tried to muffle my sobs by biting my hand. I sunk my teeth into my knuckle and drew blood. I watched it mix with the water from the shower, turning pink by the time it went down the drain.

I had to call Maria and figure out what I had to do. Above all, I couldn't tell Will. I couldn't. He could never know.

Aud went to take a shower and I sat on her bed and tried to understand the twisted workings of her brain. Sure, it didn't thrill me that she'd cheated on her boyfriend, but from what she'd told me about him, he was a dick. She'd only been dating him to make her parents happy, so it barely counted as a relationship anyway. And she'd been drunk. People made bad decisions when they were drunk. Shit, I'd made plenty of them.

The way she'd been acting, I expected her to say that she'd killed someone or something.

I loved Aud. She could have screwed an entire football team's worth of guys and I'd just smile and ask her if I was the best she'd had.

It didn't matter. None of it mattered.

Her face was blotchy and red when she got back from the shower, and not just from the hot water. She'd been crying. Probably from the relief of knowing I didn't give a shit about her big secret.

I scooped her up in my arms the second she closed the door.

"Do you hear that?"

"Hear what?" The water from her hair dripped down my arm and onto the floor.

"That's the silence of there being no secrets between us. Nothing more that's going to keep us apart. You're stuck with me now, Aud. I'm not leaving your side." She smiled a little.

"What about when I have to pee?"

"I'll hold your hand and help you wipe."

"Will! That's disgusting." I tossed her on the bed and then dived on top of her.

"I don't care. I'm never leaving you. Not even if you take out a restraining order." Her smile widened and she laughed.

"Then I guess I'll just be stuck with you. I could imagine worse things in life than being stuck with you, Will Anders." I pushed her hair back.

"Good." I peeled the towel from her body and then there was nothing between us for a while.

"How is it possible that I want you all the time? We finish and all I want to do is start again. I never knew sex could be like this," Audrey said. Her hair was still damp, but I combed it with my fingers so it would dry.

"I didn't either. Not that my previous sexual encounters were bad, but with you it's ... indescribable," I said.

"Ditto. My parents would say that our relationship is sinful. They're big believers that youths are just bundles of hormones and if you didn't watch them every second, they'd be off screwing each other like rabbits. Gave me a weird complex when I was younger."

I knew what it was like having strict parents.

"If my mother knew I was here with you right now, I'd be in so much trouble. I'm over 18, but that doesn't matter to her. I'll always be her little boy, and I'm sure that she'll still be punishing me and sending me to my room when I'm forty. And forcing a book in my hands. That's always her most effective means of punishment. Forcing us to read something and then tell her what it was about. And if we didn't read it and tried to pretend, she would know and make us do it over again." I couldn't count how many times I'd tried to get away with not reading one of my punishment books. Lottie almost never got punishment books. She just got books whenever she asked Mom for advice on anything. I got those books too, but the punishment books were more frequent. My parents were weird.

"So I have to go home this weekend," Aud said, out of the blue. "It's no big deal, but you can't come with me. There's no way my parents would let you stay. There's no place for you to sleep, and they barely let me stay in my own room" She didn't look at me when she said it.

"What do you have to go home for? You were just there." It seemed odd that there would be something she'd have to brave seeing her parents for this soon after seeing them.

"I just do. My parents are starting another business and I have to be there for the opening. Get my picture in the paper. It's one of my family obligations, like you with books. So I have to go."

Well, that sucked ass.

"Are you sure I can't come? If I promise to sleep on the couch? Hell, I'll sleep on the floor as long as it means I get to be near you. And mothers have a tendency to love me." Kandy's mother sure did. But then, she was divorced and I could never tell if she liked me as a kid, or if she was hitting on me. It went both ways sometimes. Kandy never seemed to notice.

She shook her head.

"I'm sorry. I wish. It would make things so much more bearable if you were there, but that's the rule. No boys allowed in the house. Except my brother and his nasty friends, but that doesn't count. If he wanted to have a girl over, they'd never allow it. They don't want any of their kids to date, which is why my sister got married so young. But she's happy."

"Are you happy?"

This time I got a full smile that made my heart feel as if it was going to explode out of my chest. "Very."

"Then I guess I'll just be here all weekend. Missing you." I rolled on top of her, hard again at the thought that I wasn't going to be able to get inside her for a whole weekend.

"We should definitely make up for the lost time now."

"Oh, really?" She pretended to be neutral, but her hands skimmed down my back and pulled me closer before her legs wrapped around me.

"Definitely."

"Are you sure you have to go?" I whined on Friday when she got into Trish's car. I had a test, so I couldn't be the one to drive her home, and she said I couldn't do it even if I was free. "You'll barge your way in the house," she said and I told her that I wouldn't dare do that, but actually, that had totally been my plan if I'd driven her home.

"Yes, I have to go. I'll miss you. I'll think about you all the time." She kissed me quickly.

"All the time?"

"All of it," she said, blowing me a kiss out the window as Trish fired up the half-rusted truck. I worried about her driving Aud in the thing, but if she got stranded anywhere, she'd picked up enough auto maintenance from Stryker to know how to fix anything that might go wrong.

This was the first time we'd been separated since the reveal of Aud's secret and I didn't know how I was going to get through it. This girl had consumed almost my entire life, and everything reminded me of her.

"I think I have a problem," I said, calling my sister. She was just coming out of class.

"Really, William? You couldn't have waited until dinner tonight? You missed me that much?" She must be walking fast, because her breathing was quick.

"Shut up, this is important. I think I'm in love with Audrey."

"No shit, Sherlock. I knew before you did."

"I know I'm in love with her, but Simon was talking the other day about how I'll only ever love one person, like really love one person, and I'm afraid that it's Audrey and I know she loves me, but what if something happens? What if I lose her? I don't know what I would do." I hated admitting this to anyone, but Lottie was different. I could tell her anything.

"Okay, you need to slow your roll and calm the f**k down. You're going worst case scenario when you should be prancing around holding hands," she said.

"Prancing? Really?"

"Shut up, you know what I meant. I'm scared of how much I care about her and what it would do to me if something happened."

"Seriously, calm the f**k down." Her voice came through the phone and behind me at the same time. That was why she was walking so fast.

"William," she said, putting her hands on her hips as I hung up. "You have to stop being so insecure. You were never like this with any other girl."

"She's not any other girl." She took my arm and we started walking back toward my room.

"I know, I know. You act like you're the first person to ever fall in love. Do you remember what I was like with Zan? What I'm still like? Love is the scariest f**king thing you'll ever do. That's what makes it worth it."

I wanted to respond, but I couldn't think of what to say.

"I know, but this just feels different. I've never cared this much about anything." She cleared her throat.

"Well, yeah, that's a given. I mean, I didn't choose to love her any more than I chose to be your twin, so it's a similar thing, I guess."

"What would you do if you lost me?" I never should have called her. Our conversation had gone to a dark place that I preferred not to think about.

"Don't even say that, Lot. I don't want to talk about this anymore."

"Then you shouldn't have called me, dumbass. You're going to be fine. You're happy, I'm happy. This is the first time that's happened in a while, and we should enjoy it. You're not going to go Darth if you and Aud break up. I wouldn't let it happen."

"Not if I got to you first and annihilated you with my Stormtrooper army."

She rolled her eyes and scoffed.

"Have you ever noticed that those guys have terrible aim? They never hit anything. I'm not worried. I could take your army."

"Whatever," I said.

"Why didn't you want the boyfriend to drive you?" Trish said as soon as we'd turned the corner and Will had vanished from view. I heaved a little sigh of relief. I'd lied to him about the reason for going home, but he'd swallowed it because he thought that we had no secrets now. It would be even easier to make him believe what I needed him to believe.

"It wouldn't have anything to do with the big secret you had a breakdown about, would it?"

"Look, I really don't want to talk about this. I picked you to drive me because I thought you'd be all grumpy and wouldn't want to talk, or you'd accept that I didn't want to talk about it."

She shrugged one shoulder.

"Well, now I'm curious. You're not being yourself and I don't get what could be so bad that that boy, who is crazy about you, wouldn't be able to stomach."

I looked out the window. Maine was still in the grips of winter, but this year it had been mild. We'd only had a few snowstorms, and it was looking like spring would come early this year. I was looking forward to it.

"I'm not going to tell you, Trish. So stop trying." I snapped at her and she whistled in surprise.

"I knew that you had a sassy side to you. I've been waiting for it to come out." She smiled at me. "You're just a bitch like the rest of us."

"I'm not a bitch."

"Sure you are. Be proud of it." I shook my head and went back to staring out the window.

"Thank you again for doing this for me. I really appreciate it. I can give you gas money or whatever."

Trish shook her head and turned on the radio to something loud and raucous.

"Don't worry about it. Friends don't bother to pay each other back because you know that it will all even out in the end. I'll do something for you, you'll do something for me and then we'll be even." For a girl who seemed to have terrible social skills, Trish knew a lot about how relationships worked.

"Well, I still feel weird about not giving you gas money."

"Okay, okay. We can stop somewhere and you can buy me something to eat. Deal?"

"Deal."

Trish didn't say anything else about my reasons for going home the entire ride. I kept giving her directions, but my house wasn't that hard to find.

"This is pretty nice," she said when we pulled down my street. Most of the houses were relatively new, and built right next to each other, with square lawns in front. Everyone seemed to compete with each other in the summer to prove who had the greenest and best-kept lawn.

"Yeah, I guess." Something in the pit of my stomach had congealed and gotten heavier the closer we'd gotten to my house. I was dreading the conversation with my mother, and then the drive tomorrow to the hospital to get the bone marrow test. It was a lot easier to manage now than it used to be, but I was still freaking out.

I didn't want to see Maria. Seeing her just made me think of that terrible day when my daughter was born.

Maybe I wouldn't have to see her. Maybe I could just go to the hospital, my parents would bring me home and then I could pay my brother to take me back to campus early.

"This is it," I said to Trish, pointing at my house. "You can just pull over here." She nodded and stopped the car. I didn't bring much home with me, so I grabbed my purse from its place on the floor.

"You call me if you need anything. I know what it's like to have a shitty family, but I had my brother to take care of me. I just want you to know that there's someone here for you. And if you ever tell anyone that we had this talk, I will hurt you." She fiddled in the glove box and pulled out a pack of cigarettes. I didn't tell her that she wasn't supposed to be smoking. She and Stryker had quit, but I definitely still caught them lighting up every now and then.

"I will. Thanks, Trish." I got out and she honked a few times before she drove away and I turned to face the house.

I'd only been Audrey-free for a few hours and I was miserable as f**k. We had dinner at Katie and Stryker's and Lottie was doing her best to cheer me up by making fun of me and trying to piss me off by insulting Star Wars.

Normally, that would have worked, but right now, I felt awful.

"I know what it's like," Stryker said, coming over and sitting next to me on the couch. "It's like part of yourself is missing and you don't know it's gone until they take it with them." His eyes followed Katie as she walked around the room. I didn't think he was aware that he was doing it.

"Agreed," I said. "I think I need a drink."

"That I can help you with," he said, getting up and going to the fridge. We mostly kept our drinking activities to a minimum, sensitive to how alcohol had affected Zan and Lottie's life. Stryker tossed me a can of Bud Light and got one for himself.

"Cheers," he said and we both popped our cans open, sucking up the foam that almost spilled onto the floor.

"William!" Lottie yelled from across the room.

"It's just one, Lot. Calm the f**k down." She glared but didn't make any other comments. But in the back of my mind, what had happened to her best friend, Lexie, hovered. A constant reminder of how quickly life can change. In the blink of an eye.

"Wait until you move in with her," Stryker said, shaking his head and leaning back in his chair. "You'd think it would be annoying, having her around all the time, but then she's gone for a few hours and you realize that you miss her." Stryker somehow made talking about his feelings for Katie sound poetic.

"I don't think we're ready for that step yet. We've only been together for a week or so." He shrugged again.

"That doesn't matter. When you know, you know. No sense in waiting."

"Waiting for what?" Katie said, coming over and sitting on the arm of Stryker's chair.

"Waiting to move in. I was giving Will advice." This time Katie rolled her eyes.

"Advice on what? You give terrible advice." She had a smirk on her face and I knew she was baiting him.

"You are asking for it, sweetheart."

"You can punish me later," she said, running her hand through his hair. He'd stopped spiking it so much and had let it flop in his eyes. Probably just so Katie would reach up and push it away. I totally understood that.

"That's another upside of living with a girl. The sex," Stryker said, which earned him a smack in the chest from Katie.

The sex. That was definitely an incentive to move in, but we pretty much had the sex covered, even though we didn't live together. It would be nice if we had just one place where we could be completely alone. Those dorm walls were so thin and there were always people in the hallways. I wanted to take Aud to a place where it was just the two of us. A cabin in the woods, or a yurt on an island, or somewhere isolated. We could pretend that we were the only two people on the planet.

God, I missed her.

My parents barely spoke to me when I walked in the door and the silence continued on into the next morning. Dad had to deal with something at the restaurant, so Mom was the one who was in charge of taking me to the hospital.

I was walking down the hall to the bathroom, and I passed my parents' room where she was talking on the phone. I didn't have to listen for more than a few seconds to know who she was talking to. I put my head down and walked as fast as I could past her.

"If you're not a match, you'll have to find that boy you slept with," she said after a few minutes of driving in silence. I jumped at the sound of her voice. She just stared through the windshield, determined not to make eye contact with me, even though she had to talk to me.

"What?"

"That boy that you slept with. You'll have to tell him so that he can get tested too, if this doesn't work out."

"Eddie. His name is Eddie." She knew his name. We lived in a pretty small town and there hadn't been a lot of people in my high school. Not to mention his father was on the school board.

Even if I had kept my daughter, my mom didn't want to me to tell Eddie. Because then we'd have to deal with custody issues and so forth.

"I can't believe you did this to me," she said, shaking her head.

Those words uncorked something inside me and I finally lost it.

"Did this to you? Yes, Mom. I got drunk, had sex and got pregnant because I hate you. It's all about you. God, I can't believe you." I stared out the window. My body shook, I was so angry. I could count the number of times I'd yelled at my mother on one hand.

"You can't believe me? I can't believe you! Going out and sleeping with that boy like a common slut. Like one of those girls who lives in that trailer park up the road. We raised you better."

"You didn't raise me at all! You just yelled at me and made everything I did seem shameful. I was just a kid and you made me feel awful. You never told me you loved me." If I wasn't careful, the anger was going to turn into hurt and I was already close to tears. I didn't want her to see me cry. I never let my mother see me cry.

"That is ridiculous, Audrey. We told you we loved you. I'm not having this conversation with you anymore. This wouldn't have happened if you'd just kept it in your pants. You let your hormones get the best of you and gave it up to some boy and then you dragged me and my sister into it. And now look where we are."

Yes. Look at where I was. This was why I didn't tell Will. Because I couldn't deal with him looking at me the way my mom was looking at me. I closed my eyes and pressed my cheek against the cool glass of the window.

21

Audrey called me on Saturday night, her voice low so her parents wouldn't hear. It was late, but I didn't care. All I wanted was to hear her voice. Okay, so I wanted to see her and smell her skin and touch her hair and whole lot of other things, but if this was the best I could get, I'd take it.

"How did it go?"

"Fine. Everything was fine." Her voice was flat, and I wished I could see her eyes to see if it was just the stress of being in her house that was making her act this way, or if it was something else.

"I wish you were here," she said.

"Hey, I could get in my car and be there soon. Sneak in through your window. I've had a lot of previous window-climbing experience." Kandy's parents weren't as strict as mine, but they sure as hell didn't want their teenage daughter's boyfriend sleeping over.

"That sounds wonderful, but I don't want to risk it. For now, this is enough. Just hearing your voice. How was dinner?" I wanted to ask her more about how she was doing, but this was one of those times when she didn't want to talk, so it was up to me.

"We had a session and Stryker tried to teach Simon how to play spoons. It did not go well. He kept fake-cursing and dropping them. Oh, and you should have seen the new boots Trish got. They have these little compartments in the heels so she can put things inside. I'm pretty sure she was hiding cigarettes and a lighter in there."

"She's been having a problem quitting," she said, and I could finally hear the smile in her voice.

"And ... what else? Oh, Simon's out of the Resolution Game. And so is Max. So it's you, me, Lottie, Zan and Stryker left now. I'm surprised that many of us are still going." She laughed softly, more like an exhale. I saw her in my head, wearing a tank top and a ratty pair of shorts, her hair fanned out on her pillow. No doubt she had Harry Potter sheets with posters all over her wall and books stacked everywhere.

"I love you," I said.

"I know," she replied and I almost choked on a laugh.

"You know that's a Star Wars reference? Han Solo says it to Leia." She was definitely smiling now.

"I remember. I figure if I learn enough about your fandom, you'll want to learn about mine." It wasn't that I didn't like Harry Potter. I'd just never really read the books. I tried, but they just ... I don't know. They didn't do it for me. But Aud was constantly bugging me to read them and she'd even said she would read them to me out loud. I'd suggested strip reading, where she took off an item of clothing for each chapter that I listened to. So far, she hadn't gone for it.

"What are you wearing?"

She muffled a laugh.

"You're such a perv, you know that? I'm not having phone sex with you."

"I'm not asking you to have phone sex. I'm asking what you're wearing. That's a perfectly innocent question." I was totally bullshitting her.

"Um, I'm wearing an old gray tank top that has a few holes on the hem. The material is so thin that if you hold it up to the light you can see right through it. I'm not wearing anything underneath it." She knew what she was doing to me. I had to swallow hard. Simon was at Brady's for the night. I flipped off my covers and said, "And what's on bottom?"

"On bottom, a pair of equally thin shorts. They shouldn't even be called shorts. They don't cover much. I wouldn't wear them in public because they show too much."

I started stroking myself and I wondered if she was doing the same thing. The rustle of fabric sounded on her end of the line.

"Anything on under those shorts?"

"Um," she said, inhaling softly. She was definitely doing what I thought she was doing. Fuck, this was hot.

"Nothing under them." Her voice turned into a soft moan and I started moving my hand faster, unable to control the sounds that came from my mouth.

"What are you wearing?" she said, panting a little.

"Just a pair of boxers. No shirt." I couldn't make boxers sound sexy like she had.

"I miss you," she said and I felt myself getting close.

"Shit," I said as I came into my hand. "I miss you, too."

She moaned a second later and then we were both silent. I got up and found a tissue to clean my hand off. I hadn't planned on that being part of my evening, but f**k, I was glad she'd called.

"We're doing this every time you're away from me," I said and she giggled, a low and sexy sound.

"It was good for me, too. I just hope my brother didn't hear. But he's got his TV on so loud he probably wouldn't hear a bomb if it went off next to him."

We talked about other things, little things and before I knew it, I was falling asleep to the sound of her voice.

A cheek swab. That was all it took to run the preliminary test to see if I was a bone marrow match. It used to be much harder.

My mother, father, brother and many of my other relatives had gotten tested as well. I was the last on my side and if this didn't work, I'd have to tell Eddie. If neither of us was a match, then we would have to widen the search. I'd seen other families go on the news and ask for volunteers. The very idea of that happening made me shudder. Even though Maria lived in New Hampshire, and the chances of anyone seeing the story in Maine and connecting it to me were slim, I still worried.

I shouldn't worry about that. I should be worried about my daughter. I was a horrible, selfish person. Sometimes I wondered if my mother was right about me.

But then I remembered when I'd first found out I was pregnant and my very first thought was that I couldn't give this baby what she needed. I wanted her to have something better. I didn't want to marry Bryan, the boyfriend I'd cheated on, and live in an apartment in my parents' basement and finish high school by correspondence and be stuck in some dead-end job for my whole life. That wasn't the life I wanted, and that wasn't the life I wanted for my daughter.

She could have something better. She could wake up every day knowing that someone loved and adored her. She could go to playdates and take ballet classes or karate and have parents who would ooh and ahh over every one of her drawings and tell her that she could be anything she wanted, and would never judge her for being who she was.

She wouldn't have to live up to expectations. She'd make her own.

So I'd decided to give her up. I knew it was the right thing then, and I knew it was the right thing now.

That didn't make the situation any easier.

Mom had taken me to lunch after we'd gone to the hospital, and it was a meal full of silent judgment. She could still barely look at me.

"You'd better hope you're a match so you don't have to find that boy and tell him." As if I'd let my daughter die rather than confront Eddie. I didn't even respond.

All I wanted was to go back to school and pretend this weekend never happened. Trish was supposed to pick me up Sunday morning, even though she hated mornings with the fiery passion of a thousand suns. I couldn't thank her enough for being there for me.

She arrived wearing a pair of aviators and with two giant steaming cups in her cupholder. I didn't even say goodbye to my parents and Marco only grunted at me as I passed by him.

"Morning, bitch. How was it?" She handed me one of the cups and I sipped it, not really caring what it was. Coffee. Black as sin coffee. I took another sip before I answered.

"Awful."

"Families sometimes are." I nodded and she pulled away.

Will was waiting in front of my building as Trish dropped me off. He wrenched the car door open and before I knew it, he was picking me up and kissing me so hard, I thought he was going to puncture my lip with one of his teeth. He kissed me until I was gasping for air.

Someone cleared her throat loudly behind us.

"You two are disgusting, you know that? I can't even look at you."

"Fuck off, Trish," Will said, not looking away from my face as he set me down.

"Oh, go f**k yourself, Will." He just smiled. "I did last night," he whispered in my ear. I knew he had. So had I.

"Thanks again, Trish. I owe you," I said, tearing my eyes away from Will. She had her surly face on again.

"Yeah, yeah. Whatever. I'll see you tonight. Now you can go f**k each other." She hopped in the truck and drove away.

"I know you're probably supposed to be doing homework, but can we have sex first?" Will said, dragging me toward the door so he could get me upstairs.

"Yes, we can have sex first. And food. There should also be food."

"Yeah, yeah, but sex first. Oh no, I think someone is chasing us. We should get to your room as quickly as possible to avoid being brutally murdered. Ready?" We both took off when we got through the front door of the building and headed for the stairs.

I didn't deserve to be this happy.

That evening, I was busy thinking of how I should contact Eddie. If I should call him, or if this was something we should do in person. He was easy to find online, and he'd posted his contact information on his Facebook page. I had a blank email document open, but I hadn't typed a thing.

"You look like you're going to break your brain with all that concentrating," Will said, making me jump.

"Sorry, just thinking."

"I can tell. What are you thinking about?" He closed his book and gave me his full attention. Just for now, I wished he wouldn't do that.

"Oh, just this assignment. I'm trying to figure out how I want to approach it. What I want to say in my paper. How to start."

"Well, they say the beginning is a good place to start." He smirked at me and got up from the bed to come and give me a kiss. I quickly clicked out of the blank email and pulled up a paper I'd been working on earlier.

"Will Anders, did you just quote The Sound of Music?"

"No. Absolutely not. I would never do such a thing." He leaned his chin on my shoulder. "Are you done yet?"

"I told you, I'm having trouble starting."

He sighed and then kissed the top of my head and went back to his book.

It was another week before I got the results of the cheek swab.

I wasn't a match.

In the time between taking the test and getting the results, I'd done some research and found that only about 30 percent of family members were a match. You wouldn't think that, but it was true.

I had to call my mom and tell her I wasn't a match. She hung up on me.

The draft of the email to Eddie was still blank. I knew time was off the essence and I had to get in contact with him ASAP. For my daughter's sake.

"Still working on that paper?" Will and I were doing homework at the library again, but this time a few members of the group had joined us. We'd claimed a corner of the third floor of the library and were all spread out, each working on our respective tasks. The only absent members were Trish and Brady, who were both working.

"Yeah. It's going to kill me," I said, laughing a little.

"Let me know if you need any help. I'm pretty good at writing papers." Lottie snorted from across the table.

"Yeah, you're great at writing papers, as long as you can copy everything from Wikipedia." He tore a piece of notebook paper, balled it up and threw it at her. Or he tried to. Zan caught it before it hit Lottie in the face.

"Come on. Have some respect for the library," he said, his face dead serious. Will just rolled his eyes.

"You don't have to tell me to respect the library. I've gotten enough of that from our mother to last a lifetime. She used to lecture us over and over about how much damage human touch did to books, and so on and so forth. I get it."

"Will you shut up? I'm trying to work here," Simon said, giving us all a glare that shut everyone up.

We all went back to work for a while and I finally started typing the email to Eddie. I agonized about each word, even though it was one of the shortest emails I'd ever written. I just said that I'd lost his number, but found his email on Facebook and wondered if we could meet somewhere and talk.

I clicked Send before I could change my mind and then went back to my other homework.

Aud was being really weird. She claimed to be working on a paper, but then she'd sit there and stare at her computer for ages, fingers not doing any typing. I caught a glimpse of her screen and it was blank. I'd never seen her struggle so much with anything before, especially not a stupid paper. She never shied away from academics. That was her wheelhouse.

She also seemed to drift off more than usual, but I blamed that on having to see her parents last weekend. They'd really done a number on her. It was probably a good thing that I hadn't gone to her house, because I might have lost it and given them a piece of my mind.

It made me almost shake with anger every time I thought about it.

Valentine's Day was coming up. Holy shit. I had to do something amazing for Aud, but I had no idea what. My best idea had been the tickets to Universal and those had nearly bankrupted me.

I asked Lottie one night while she and I cleaned up after dinner and Aud tried to play the banjo with Stryker and Zan. They were working on "Stand By Your Man" followed by "Crazy" by Patsy Cline.

"You'd better do something good. She deserves something awesome," she said.

"No shit. That's why I'm asking you," I said, taking one of the dishes she handed me and putting it in the dishwasher.

"Well, I'm trying to figure out what to do for Zan. I know he's going to do something amazing, and he's kind of hard to shop for. He hates most everything except Rumi poetry, me, running, records and that old lighter from his grandfather. And he already has all of those things. I'm screwed." She sighed and leaned on the counter.

"You could just wrap yourself in a bow."

She gave me a look.

"Now back to my problem. What do I get Aud?"

Lottie thought about it for a second.

"Well, she loves Harry Potter, so definitely something to do with that. Or something that only you two share or know about. Don't you dare go to the drugstore and get her a crappy card and box of chocolates."

"Like I would ever do something like that," I said, taking another dish from the sink. "Okay, so I might have done it with Kandy, but this is different. You know this is different."

"Yeah, I do," she said, smiling at Zan as he placed Aud's fingers in the right places on the fret of the banjo.

"What about a joint gift? Then we could pool our resources." I suggested.

"I don't know. That might work. Let me think about it." I put the rest of the dishes in the dishwasher, then put in the detergent and turned it on.

"How are the lessons going?" I said, sitting down next to Aud. Who knew the banjo could be a sexy instrument? Not I, until this moment.

"Not very well. I'm apparently the only one in this group with no musical talent," Aud said, almost pouting. "Of course I'm the odd one out."

"That's not true, I'm sure. This is only your first lesson. You'll get it," I said, putting my arm around her. I wasn't a musical prodigy by any means, but I'd picked up a few things on the guitar and banjo. And I could kind of sing.

"I give up and my fingers are sore," she said, handing the banjo back to Zan, who put the strap around himself and started playing "Get Up Get Down" by Phillip Phillips.

"Your fingers are supposed to be sore. That means you're learning," Stryker said. "If you haven't bled while learning, you will never learn."

"That sounds awful," Aud said.

Stryker shrugged.

"You gotta bleed sometimes."

"Lunch tomorrow?" I said as Aud and I lay in her bed, "Sweater Weather" playing softly in the background. We hadn't technically moved in, but a lot of my stuff was here and I barely slept at my own place now. Well, I barely did any sleeping, period. Sex was so much better than sleep.

"I can't, I've got a meeting." She stuck her tongue out at me.

"Psh, what meeting is more important than lunch with your extremely handsome boyfriend?"

"If I ever meet this extremely handsome boyfriend, I'll let you know," she said, which made me leap on top of her and tickle her until she begged me for mercy.

"Okay, fine. Have a meeting. But I'll be thinking about you," I said, pushing my hips into hers.

"You'd better be."

22

Eddie had emailed me back immediately, and we set up a lunch date for Thursday. I shouldn't call it a date. It wasn't a date.

Wednesday night, I couldn't sleep. I kept going over and over what I was going to say to Eddie.

"Hey, Eddie. Remember that time we had sex? Um, so I got pregnant, never told you about it and then gave the baby to my aunt to raise and now she needs a bone marrow transplant and I'm not a match, but might be, so could you go get tested? Thanks!" No, I shouldn't throw all of this on him at once, but we didn't have time. She didn't have time.

I woke on Thursday with my stomach in knots. So much so that I had to crawl out from under Will's arm and run to the bathroom so I could throw up. There was nothing in my stomach, but that didn't stop it from trying to expel something.

I gripped onto the bowl and gasped, trying not to cry.

I couldn't do this. There was no way I could do this.

I got sick again and told Will that I had a stomach bug. It was the easiest excuse. There was no way I was going to make it through class, so I just stayed in bed, running through all the possible scenarios in my head.

Time seemed at once to move both faster and slower. Each minute felt like an hour and each hour felt like a minute.

I took my time getting dressed, and doing my hair. Not that it would matter what I looked like, but I needed something to do.

The walk down to the little cafe on campus where I was meeting Eddie was cold and I'd forgotten my jacket, but I didn't shiver.

He was there waiting for me, and smiled as soon as he saw me walking toward him. I tried to make my face neutral, so he wouldn't suspect that I was here to drop a bomb on him.

"It's so good to see you," he said. "What can I get for you?"

"I'm fine, thanks." My stomach couldn't take anything right now. Not until long after this was over.

"Are you sure?" He leaned closer and his arm brushed mine. I moved away.

"Yeah. Listen. I didn't ask to meet with you so we could catch up. There's something I need to tell you and I thought I should do it in person. I'm so sorry about this. I should have done this a different way, but I f**ked everything up." I didn't normally curse, but being around Will had rubbed off on me. And this seemed like an appropriate cursing situation.

Eddie's face fell and he looked into his coffee cup.

"Um, okay. What's up?" He slid his chair back a bit and I took a deep breath.

"Do you remember that party when we ..." I didn't want to finish that sentence.

"Yeah. I do. Sort of. I know we had sex. I'm sorry I don't remember it better. It must have been amazing." He grinned and I wanted to slap it off his face.

"Well, we didn't use protection and I got pregnant." The grin froze on his mouth and then faded away.

"You got pregnant? That's not possible."

"How is it not possible? We had sex without a condom. I wasn't on the pill." I was starting to have less and less sympathy for him.

"No, no, that's not possible." He shook his head and pushed his chair back so hard it rattled against the table. "You got pregnant?"

"I did."

"What ... what happened?"

Here we go.

"I had her and then I gave her up. My aunt's raising her now. But that's not the end of it."

Eddie made a choking noise and his eyes were so wide they looked like they were going to fall out of his head. His expression would be funny if this weren't so serious.

"She's sick. She needs a bone marrow transplant and nobody in my family is a match. I'm so, so sorry for putting this on you, but you need to get tested. I never planned on telling you. I left the birth certificate blank. I don't want any money, or anything else from you, but if you could please do this for her, I'd be so grateful."

There. The words were out. How he reacted was up to him now. I wanted to leave. I wanted to run. Or to rewind to a time before this conversation.

"This isn't possible. You had a baby and you didn't tell me?"

"My parents weren't ... they didn't want me to tell anyone. They weren't supportive and I was with Bryan and they wanted me to marry him instead and pretend the baby was his. He would have done it, but I couldn't go through with it. I didn't want that life for me, and I didn't want it for her. She's in a good place. My aunt has two other small children and she lives out in the country in New Hampshire. She's happy. She's safe."

"You didn't tell me." His shock had turned to anger, which I'd expected. "You never told me."

"I know. I've made so many mistakes and I'm so sorry." Tears fell from my eyes. I couldn't hold them back anymore. "I'm so sorry, Eddie. You don't deserve this. You didn't deserve this." He didn't. He wasn't a bad guy. He'd had sex with me, but I hadn't stopped him. I'd wanted it as much as he had. And I didn't tell him to wear a condom. I didn't take a precaution and get the morning after pill. I didn't have an abortion. I thought about it, but I couldn't go through with it. And then my parents found out and Maria came to me and said she wanted the baby and would take care of her.

I didn't realize I was speaking out loud until Eddie said something else.

"How could you hide this from me?"

My mother had said the same thing.

"I'm so sorry, Eddie. I understand if you don't want to see me, but please. Call the hospital and get tested. You could save her life. I wish I was a match, but I'm not. Please do this for her." I'd written the name of the hospital down, and the number for him to call to set up the test.

I stood up to leave him with his thoughts.

"What's her name?" His voice was hoarse, as if he'd been yelling.

"Emily. Her name is Emily."

Audrey was grim on Thursday night. That was the best word for it. She was definitely a million miles away and I couldn't seem to get her back. Not even when we were having sex.

"Where are you?" I said, stopping. Her eyes snapped up to mine.

"What?"

"Where are you? It's like you're somewhere else." It was a bit of an ego blow that she was thinking about something else while we were having sex. Had the spark gone out already?

"I'm here. I'm right here." She pushed up to kiss me, but I could still feel distance between us. I rolled off her and closed my eyes.

"Something's wrong. You need to talk to me. I thought that we'd be okay now that I knew about your deep, dark secret. But you're still far away." I almost wanted to cry.

"I'm sorry," she said, the words hollow. "I'm just thinking about other things, Will. Maybe you shouldn't have stayed over. It's my fault." I didn't want her to do that. I didn't want her to blame herself. I just wanted to know what was going on so I could fix it.

"Talk to me." I rolled onto my side to face her.

"About what?"

"About what you're worried about. Tell me everything. Everyone needs someone who will listen to all the stupid thoughts they have. I've got Lottie, and I hope I can be that person for you. I don't just want to be your boyfriend. I want to be your best friend."

She sniffed, and a tear ran down her cheek.

"I want that, too."

I brushed the tear away and she ducked her head.

"Why are you crying?"

"Because I love you. Sometimes it's too much for me to stand." I knew exactly how she felt.

"I love you, too. Now talk."

She opened her mouth and stuttered for a moment.

"I can't remember my mother telling me she loved me more than three times. I didn't know parents were supposed to tell their kids they loved them until I went to other people's houses. It seemed so odd, people saying they loved each other all the time. It made me uncomfortable, honestly. It seemed weird, to show so much affection."

Her words made my heart break a little bit. Every time she talked about her family, I wanted to go back and time and rescue her from her family. It made me angry. Her parents might not have hit her, or denied her food, or shelter or anything like that, but they might as well have. They'd denied her love. What kind of parents did that?

"That's probably why I had such a hard time when you told me you loved me. I've only heard it a few times in my life. I never really had close friends. Except for my friends from books." The last part was said with a smile. Oh, I knew all about her book friends. I had to share her with a teenage wizard. If Harry Potter were real, I'd probably have to beat the shit out of him.

I didn't say anything, just listened. I could do that.

"I always felt so distant from other people and I never knew why. I thought I was broken, or something. So I started trying to find what I was missing. I went with a few boys, had some sex, but it didn't work. Then I tried going with Bryan, because my parents approved of him. I thought a good boy who didn't pressure me for sex would love me. But he didn't. And then I tried with Eddie, and that didn't work, either." Her voice shook a little when she talked about Eddie.

"Nothing worked. Until you. But I realized that all those other times, I was trying to force something that wasn't there. And with you, I tried to fight it, but it happened anyway."

That made me smile. I loved when she talked about me as if I'd somehow had anything to do with this. As if I'd had some special power to make her fall in love with me. I wasn't the instigator here. It was definitely her.

"Love happens when you don't expect it. It sneaks up on you and latches on."

I couldn't help but comment.

"That's so romantic, Aud."

She narrowed her eyes. "I never said I was a poet, Will."

"I never said you had to be. I don't want one of those girls who goes on and on about my many perfections." This time she pulled her pillow out from under her head and hit me with it.

"You're such an ass sometimes."

"But you love my ass," he said.

"It's not bad."

She took the pillow back and put it under her head again.

"I don't know what else to say. No one's ever listened to me like this. It's kind of intimidating."

"It shouldn't be. It's just me."

She sighed and started telling another story about a birthday party. It was a little bit sweet and a little bit sad and ended with her not getting the present she'd so desperately wanted.

"I bet you always got what you wanted," she said, twisting some of my hair around her finger.

"I had a twin sister and our birthdays were on Christmas. I never got what I wanted. Lottie always did. I claimed it was a conspiracy against me, but I was overruled. As usual. You don't argue with my mother and win. She should have been a lawyer, honestly. My dad just agrees with whatever she says. I always thought he was a wuss for not standing up to her, but now that I'm with you, I know exactly why he didn't. He couldn't. She wore the pants."

"I wear the pants?" he asked.

I nodded.

"You wear the pants, Aud. But I get to take them off you."

"That sounds fair. I'm okay with wearing the pants."

We started trading stories about our birthdays and I felt bad for telling her about mine. They hadn't seemed like anything spectacular at the time, but compared to hers, they were heaven, and suddenly, I knew what to get her for Valentine's Day.

"Okay, if you could have a birthday party do-over, what would you do?" She thought about that, her hand absentmindedly stroking my arm.

"I always wanted to go roller skating. A few girls from my class had roller skating parties and they'd never invite me, but I'd hear about them at school and they always sounded amazing. They'd have cool lights, and pizza and cake and games and they'd do the Chicken Dance. It sounds so childish and silly now, but I always hoped that my parents would surprise me with one."

That didn't sound silly or childish at all. It sounded like a wish that I was going to fulfill. She was going to get the best damn roller skating party I could put together. I'd have to call Lottie and get her to help me set it up. She'd definitely be game, but I couldn't tell her why I was doing this for Aud. The words we exchanged tonight, in this bed, were sacred. I would never share them with anyone, as long as I lived.

"What was your dream party?" she asked, interrupting my mental planning.

"Well first of all, I always wished my birthday was in the summer, so everyone was out of school and it could last for a while. I really wanted to go camping in the woods. Tents, fishing, hiking, the whole nine yards. Lottie wouldn't have gone for it, and we always had a joint party. And besides, you can't let a bunch of kids go camping in the middle of the winter. It would have been awesome, though. Building a fire and telling scary stories and sleeping under the stars."

"It sounds so sweet."

"I guess." I would have been embarrassed to tell anyone else about my secret birthday wish, but not Aud.

"You wanna know something stupid?" I said, feeling bold.

"Sure."

"The first time I met you, I was so scared of you that I thought you were never going to speak to me again."

She laughed.

"You were kind of an idiot. Charming, but an idiot. I totally had you pinned as a typical meathead jock, but I knew if you were Lottie's brother that you couldn't be all bad. And I couldn't stop thinking about you after that day. I didn't know why I was thinking about you, but I couldn't help it."

"Have you ever thought that I'm still an idiot, and you've just gotten used to it?" That made her really laugh, shoulders shaking and her chest jiggling in a very sexy way.

"Maybe. Maybe my idiot tolerance level has been raised." I scooted down and kissed her bare stomach. I'd forgotten about her scar. I didn't really even notice it anymore.

"What's this from?" I traced the line and she tensed up. "I told you, I don't care about it. I'm just curious."

"You're the only one who's ever seen it," she said. "I mean, besides, you know. Medical people."

"So what's it from?"

"I had surgery. It was traumatic, and I don't want to remember it. That's why I don't talk about it."

I guess I could understand that. I'd never had surgery. Broken plenty of bones, but never had to have anything done. Lottie hadn't either. We'd been relatively healthy growing up, except for being born early, as most twins were.

I kissed all along her scar and she was still tense, but I hoped she'd relax the more I did it.

"Well, you don't have to talk about it. It doesn't matter. Let's talk about something else." Her body lost its rigidity and she started telling me a story about winning a spelling bee.

23

It wasn't a lie to tell Will I'd had surgery. I just didn't specify what kind of surgery it was.

I didn't hear from Eddie for three days. My mom called every day and asked me if I'd heard from him, and when I said no, she'd hang up without saying anything further.

I was going to give him a week to get back to me before I tried contacting him again. During our initial email conversation when we'd set up the meeting, he'd given me his cell phone number. He was probably regretting that now.

I half expected him to call me and yell at me, or show up at my dorm room, or do something else to get back at me. I almost wanted him to. I should have told him. After all, she was his daughter too. I'd never really seen it that way until now. That she was half his.

Emily.

I'd gotten to pick out her name. The only thing, other than life, that I'd given her.

Her last name was Perez, since legally her parents were my aunt Maria and her husband, Leo. I didn't even know what she looked like. I had only a very hazy memory of her as she was taken away from the OR after the doctors pulled her from my body, due to her being breech. I thought it would be easier if I didn't see her. That somehow she wouldn't exist. But I would always have the scar on my stomach.

My distraction was making my school work suffer, and for the first time, I couldn't find it in myself to care. I wasn't failing by any means, but my GPA was definitely taking a hit.

Mr. Halloway watched me during class and even Tyler asked me if I was okay.

"Fine. Just distracted."

"You've been distracted a lot," he said as we walked as fast as we could to the next building, trying to stay as warm as possible.

"I know. I've been hearing that a lot lately," I said, rubbing my hands on my arms as we thawed out in the lobby of the History building.

"I'm sure you've probably heard this before, but if you need someone to talk to, I volunteer." He grinned up at me and winked at a girl that walked by. I didn't know if he had a girlfriend, but it seemed like he must. He had so much confidence.

"Thanks, I appreciate it, but get in line. I've got so many people who want me to talk to them, I should sell tickets and make it a one-woman show." He laughed and I flexed my fingers. "Ready to go?" He nodded and we ran as fast as we could to the next building. Getting to class was an ordeal in the winter.

"Well, I would buy a ticket to that show, in any case," Tyler said before we parted company to head to our separate classes.

"I'll let you know," I said and he waved at me before dashing to the next building.

My phone rang in the middle of the night on Friday. Will and I had gone to bed early, mostly because he was a little under the weather and seemed to need extra cuddling. I groped for my phone in the dark and recognized the number as Eddie's.

"Who's it?" Will mumbled.

"It's nothing. Go to sleep." He moaned and turned over as I threw a shirt on and dashed out into the hallway.

"Hello?" I whispered.

"I want to see her," he said by way of a greeting.

"What?"

"My daughter. I want to see her. I have the right to see her and make sure she's okay." I didn't think this would be his reaction. I thought he would tell me it was my problem and he wasn't dealing with it. Instead, he'd gone the opposite route.

Legally, since he wasn't on the birth certificate and I'd never requested a paternity test, and Emily had been adopted, he didn't have any rights. But if he wanted to fight, he could take us to court. Or take my aunt to court, but I'd definitely be involved. I didn't want that, and I didn't think Maria would want that either.

"Okay, calm down for a second. Let's just talk this out."

"You don't get to tell me to be calm. You don't say anything and then one day, bam, I have a daughter. You can't just do shit like that to people. You can't just do that!" He was getting upset and I had to find a way to calm him down. I moved away from my dorm and headed down the hall to a little study room that had a door I could close so no one else heard what I was saying.

It was blessedly empty, so I sat down at one of the rickety chairs and tried to keep my voice steady.

"I'm so sorry, Eddie. But it's the middle of the night and I don't have custody of Emily. My aunt does. So all the decisions are hers. I'll have to call her and talk with her, but I can't do that right now because I might disturb Emily and she needs all the rest she can get." It was the only thing we could do for her until we found a match.

I could hear him pacing.

"Do you want to meet tomorrow so we can talk? Then I can call my aunt and ask her." I didn't want to put Maria in that situation, but I didn't have a choice. We needed to know if he was a compatible donor for Emily.

"Okay, okay. Tomorrow. But you'd better be there."

"I will, I promise. What time is good for you?" We set a time and decided to meet at a restaurant off campus, which meant I was going to have to ask Trish for a ride again.

I finally hung up. That was a longer conversation than I thought. I hoped Will was still sacked out and not wondering where I was.

I tiptoed back to my room and crawled back into bed with the still-sleeping Will. He snored a little because of his stuffed-up nose. Poor thing. He was so convinced he wasn't getting sick, but he definitely was.

I watched his face in the dark for a while. I couldn't lose him.

Aud had another errand to run with Trish the next day, and I had the feeling it had something to do with Valentine's Day, given how weird she was being about it. I tried not to be excited and speculate on what she would do for me. I knew it would be something awesome and would probably blow my roller skating idea out of the water.

While Aud was with Trish, I headed to Lottie and Zan's to work on my own surprise.

"A roller skating party? With balloons and a disco ball and cheesy music from the 70s?" Lottie said, stealing a cookie from the plate she'd put out.

"Yeah. That's what I want to do for her. The cheesier, the better. You wanna help me?" She munched the cookie and looked thoughtful.

"Sure, why not. You're going to do it with or without me, so I might as well help you make it as awesome as possible."

That was why I wanted her help. She'd think of details that I probably wouldn't. She was good at that kind of stuff.

"So what are you doing for Zan?" He was upstairs with Stryker, and judging from the sounds coming from the hallway, they were working on a new song.

"I'm giving him blow job coupons," she said, picking up another cookie. If I didn't grab a few, she was going to eat them all. I always wondered how she could eat nearly as much as I did even though I was so much taller.

"That's disgusting, Lot. I did not need to know that."

She smacked me.

"I'm giving him a bunch of things. Some records he doesn't have, a framed picture of his favorite poem and then I'm going to kidnap him and sneak him up to his parents' cabin. It was the place where we first ... you know." Yes, I did. I'd known they'd had sex without her even telling me. One of the downsides of being a twin. You knew things you really didn't want to. Especially when your twin was a girl.

"Sounds nice. You have any idea what he's getting for you?"

"No. And I've tried. That boy is like a clam with a pearl. I mean, he's had a lot of practice holding secrets in, so this is just old hat for him. The bastard." She was smiling though.

"I just hope she likes it. I have this fear that we're going to get there, I'll tell her what we're doing, and then she'll just have a blank face and thank me in that voice that I know is fake."

"Aud would never do that," Lottie said, taking the last cookie and shoving it in her mouth before I realized it was gone.

"No, she wouldn't. She'd lie to me and tell me she loved it and I'd probably believe her because I want her to like it so much." That was definitely what was going to happen.

"Anyway, I wish we didn't have to make a big deal out of this holiday, but society's told us we have to. And it's kinda nice to get presents. Zan and I don't really do the anniversary thing, so other than birthdays, this is the only thing we celebrate." Aud's birthday wasn't until this summer, so I had plenty of time to plan for that. I was hoping we could do our Universal trip right around then, and combine her Christmas present with a birthday present. That would really blow her mind.

"You guys are good? The living together going well?" It was weird checking in with Lottie. Now that we didn't live in the same building, I saw her less and less.

"Yes, we're good. Very good. I know Mom's still pissed at me for being so 'young and impulsive' but I just told her she shouldn't have given me all those books with strong female role models." I snorted.

"What did she say to that?"

"Nothing. But I could feel The Look through the phone." Oh, The Look. It was one of those things women learned in secret. Someday Lottie would have it. And maybe Aud.

"Hey, I'm just glad you're taking the heat off me. For so many years, I was the bad one and now you're making up for it," I said.

She leaned back on the couch and put her feet in my lap. I normally would have pushed them away, but I just left them there.

"Wanna watch cartoons? Our cable just added a new channel with vintage cartoons. Otherwise known as the cartoons we used to watch growing up. We're officially old." That was kind of depressing.

"Yeah, sure." She turned on the television and flipped to the right channel.

"I miss being a kid," she said, sighing.

"Me too."

"Being an adult sucks. Except for the sex. And being able to stay up late and eat ice cream for breakfast."

"And the driving. And being able to buy lottery tickets and swearing," I said.

"Other than that, being an adult sucks."

"It does."

24

Eddie was waiting for me when Trish dropped me off at the restaurant. It was a chain, with vintage movie posters on the wall, and servers who were decked out in all manner of pins and buttons.

"Hi, Eddie," I said, sitting down. His eyes darted around the room, and the bags under them were evidence that he hadn't slept at all last night.

His hands twitched on the table as I looked across at him.

"I want to see my daughter," he said.

"I know, I know. How about we get something to eat and we can talk?" A waitress came over with a bright smile on her face. She probably thought we were on a date. I felt sorry for her. She was definitely going to get a big tip.

Eddie just shook his head as the waitress greeted us and handed over some menus.

"I'll have a water, thanks," I said.

"And for you?" She turned to Eddie.

"Water," he grunted.

"Okay, I'll just give you a few minutes," she said, her smile faltering a tiny bit as she scurried off to get our drinks. I looked down at the menu instead of looking at Eddie. It was easier.

"You're not hearing me. You're just not hearing me." He kept muttering under his breath. I should have had Trish come with me. She'd offered to stay, not even knowing what she she'd be getting herself into. But then I'd have to tell her everything and I wasn't ready for that.

"It's okay, it's okay." I reached my hands across the table and tried to take his, but he flinched away from me.

"I just can't believe that you'd do that to me."

"I know. I know." I felt like a very broken and battered record, saying the same things over and over.

"There's nothing I can say to change what's happened. I didn't think you'd want to know, or want to be part of her life, that's why I didn't tell you. I never thought you'd want to be a part of this." I honestly hadn't.

"That wasn't your decision to make," he hissed at me.

"I know. I know." The waitress came back with our waters and asked if we were ready to order. I told her to give us a few minutes. Maybe this wasn't the best place to meet. I should have picked someplace more quiet.

"Eddie. I'm going to call my aunt, okay? Just hold on." I got up from the table and found Maria's number in my contacts. I just hoped she was able to answer.

"Audrey," she said, picking up on the second ring. "Where the hell have you been?"

"I'm ... I'm sorry," I said, walking into the entryway of the restaurant so I could have at least the semblance of privacy.

"You should be sorry. I've been trying to get in touch with you. Why haven't you called me back?"

"I don't know." I wanted to cry, but my eyes didn't seem to want to. "I just didn't know what was going on."

Maria sighed.

"Well, you would have if you'd picked up your phone when I called. You know I wouldn't contact you unless it was an emergency."

"How is she?" I said, my voice quiet.

"She's a trooper. You wouldn't even know she was sick." But she is. Maria didn't have to say the words out loud for me to know we were both thinking them.

"I'm sorry."

"It's not your fault, Audrey. These things happen. It's nothing you did, or caused to happen. But it did happen and now we have to make the best of it, right?" I missed Maria. When she'd taken Emily from me, I'd lost contact with one of the only family members who I liked.

"I'm here with Eddie, the father. I told him. He wants to see her." There was a long pause on Maria's end of the phone. It sounded like she was driving.

"I didn't anticipate that," she said, groaning a little.

"Neither did I. I never told him because I didn't think he'd want anything to do with her. And I was scared and young and you know that, right?"

"I know, sweetie, I know. You made the best decision for Emily. Do you think you'd be able to handle what is happening with her right now at your age?"

Not in a million years.

"I'm barely handling it and Leo is a wreck. We're doing everything we can, but sometimes things are out of our control."

"I hate to put this on you with everything else, but he's freaking out and I don't know what to do."

She sighed again and the car engine noise stopped.

"Okay, put him on."

"Hold on, I'll go get him." I walked back into the restaurant and found Eddie staring into his water glass, stirring the ice around with his straw.

"Maria's on the phone. She wants to talk to you." I handed the phone over and he put it up to his ear as if it was a bomb.

"Hello?"

Lottie and I fell asleep on the couch watching cartoons and I didn't wake up until the late afternoon.

"Shit, I was going to be productive today," I said, stretching my arms. "Guess that's out of the question."

"Great, now my body clock is going to be all out of whack," Lottie said, also stretching.

"Have a nice nap, kids?" Zan said, leaning over the back of the couch and giving us a rare smirk.

"Shut up," Lottie said, shooting a glare at him.

"Well, I think that is my cue to leave," I said, getting up and leaning back to get the kinks out of my spine.

"Aud should be back from whatever she's been doing with Trish."

"They've been spending a lot of time together," Lottie said, grabbing Zan's shirt and almost dragging him over the back of the couch to sit next to her.

"Yeah, I know. It's weird because they say they're going shopping, and Trish hates shopping."

Lottie laughed.

"I know. It's like trying to make a cat take a bath. But it's probably just a Valentine's thing. You know, Trish is obsessed with those romantic books, so she probably has a lot of good ideas."

She had a point.

"That's probably it." I said goodbye and headed back to my room. More and more of my stuff was migrating to Aud's. Hey, she had the space, so why not? It was easier than going back and forth and her place was much cleaner. Or maybe I was cleaner when I went to her place.

Simon was on his bed, knee-deep in textbooks.

"Oh my God, you're alive. I feel like I need to call you every now and then just to make sure because I never see you anymore. What happened to bros before hos?" I gave him a scathing look.

"What happened to bros before boyfriends? Because you're kind of being a hypocrite right now. You're the one who's always off with Brady. I'm shocked he isn't here right now. Or maybe he is. Brady? You here?" I looked in Simon's closet and then under his bed. A book went flying at my head and I had to duck.

"Whatever. We're both wrapped up in our relationships. It's a good thing they all get along, or things might be awkward." He had a good point. It would suck if either of our significant others didn't get along.

"It happens," I said, sitting down on my bed. Simon looked up from his books. "Speaking of your girl, where is the lovely lady?"

"She's off with Trish again. They've become buddies. It's weird, but they seem to get along." Not many people got along with Trish, so I guess it was good that she had a group of friends.

"I love how Trish pretends to be all tough, but then she's obsessed with those sappy romances and she's always doing nice things she doesn't want people to know about. She's a really sweet girl under the tattoos and the makeup and the orange hair," he said.

"And the boots, don't forget those."

"So, are you here to stay, or are you on your way out again?" Simon said.

"I'm just here to grab a few things and then I'm meeting Aud. Hey, I need your help for a Valentine's surprise for her. I need everyone's help, actually. I want it to be spectacular."

I told him my idea and, unlike Lottie, he thought it was inspired and brilliant.

"There's this place only about ten minutes away that has a roller rink. I can call there and see what they do for parties, if you want."

"That would be great, thanks, man."

"What are best friends for?"

I only heard Eddie's side of the conversation with Maria, and I wished I could have heard the whole thing. He was silent for long stretches, listening. Whatever she said to him, he visibly relaxed and his hands stopped twitching.

"Thank you. I'll do that. Bye." He hung up and handed the phone back to me.

"What did she say?" I asked.

"She said that I could meet her if I came to them. She's too sick to travel right now." That I knew.

"When are you going?"

"Tomorrow. I need to see her." I swallowed. "Do you ... do you have any pictures of her?"

I shook my head.

"No, I don't. I didn't want any. When she was born, I didn't even want them to show her to me. I thought it would be easier that way. If I couldn't picture her face and see my features in it. If I saw her on the street, I wouldn't know what she looked like."

Eddie was silent for a long time.

"I'm still angry with you, but I'm sorry about how I reacted initially. That wasn't fair to you. I get that you were scared and you didn't know what else to do. You did what you thought was best. I mean, I didn't think I'd ever feel this way. I always heard about guys and their girlfriends having scares, and I thought I would feel a certain way. But then you told me her name and all I could do was see this little girl in my head and I wanted to know about her."

The waitress came back and asked for our order. I picked something random off the menu and Eddie got the same.

"I'm so sorry, Eddie. I really am."

"I know you are. But now I have a chance to do something for her."

"That's right."

"Do you ..." he paused. "Do you want to come with me? To see her? It doesn't feel right that we shouldn't both be there. We're her biological parents, after all."

Biological parents. The term seemed so clinical. Remote.

"I don't know. I don't know if I could do it."

"You can. We'll do it together. And your aunt seems really nice. I can't believe she agreed to let me come."

He reached for my hands, nearly knocking over his water glass.

"Please come with me."

"Okay."

25

"Hey, beautiful," Will said that evening when Trish dropped me off. She'd been almost completely silent on the way to see Eddie and on the way back. I didn't know if she was mad at me, or mad about something else.

"Hey," I said, my smile coming out at the sight of him. I couldn't help it. Even with everything going on, he still made me smile.

I didn't know what excuse I was going to give to Will when I told him that I was going to be gone on Sunday. If I had my own car, things would be so much easier. Eddie was going to pick me up on campus, but not at my dorm.

Will gave me another crushing kiss and picked me up off my feet. I loved that he was tall enough to do that.

"How did whatever you were secretly doing go?" I put my arms around his neck and we stood there in the cold parking lot, just sort of swaying together. The pieces of my heart drifted closer together when I was with him. I didn't feel as damaged.

"Fine. It went fine. Are you hungry?" I could almost always distract Will with food. Like any man.

"Starving, but I was waiting for you." He took my hand and we went back up to my room. We ordered in a lot now, mostly because we'd gotten sick of all the on-campus dining choices. And it meant we could eat in our underwear.

"I'm always waiting for you," he said.

"I'm here now."

"So I have to go run another errand tomorrow. All day. I'm, um, borrowing a car from this guy Tyler. You remember him." His eyes narrowed at the mention of Tyler.

"Yeah, I remember him."

"Stop being jealous. You don't have to be jealous of him."

"I'm not jealous," he said, stabbing his fork in a container of sweet and sour pork.

"Yes, you are. But it's fine."

"Why are you borrowing a car from him? You can take my car. Or Lottie's, or Stryker would loan you one." I knew he was going to ask questions, but this was the best story I could come up with. I'd just have to make the story believable.

"He's got a really nice car. A convertible. I was talking about how bad I felt for making all of you drive me around, and he handed me the keys. Said he didn't need it this weekend. I just took the opportunity." Please buy it, Will. Please.

"Oh, okay. I still wish you would have asked me, but I can't blame you for turning down an opportunity to drive a really nice ride. Your plans tomorrow wouldn't have anything to do with secret Valentine's Day plans, would it?" His eyes sparkled and it took me a second to realize what he thought I was doing tomorrow.

In all the chaos, I'd almost completely forgotten about Valentine's Day. I'd have to do something good for Will. He was definitely going to do something amazing. I didn't know how he could top the Universal tickets, but he would. I knew it.

And it made me feel awful. Lying was a sickness. It started out small, but then grew, eating away at you until you were so sick with it, there was nothing you could do. I didn't know how much longer I could keep this up.

I just had to get through tomorrow, and hope that Eddie was a match so they could do the transplant. Emily would be fine and I could go back to my life with Will.

"It might," I said, lying.

"Gotcha. Well, I've got something in the works for you, too. You're going to die. I wish I could tell you, but I can't wait to see your face. It's going to be epic." I had no doubt that it was.

"You done?" I nodded and he picked up the containers and put them in the trash for me.

"Why is it that you're so clean here, yet your place is a wreck?"

"Don't spare my feelings, Aud," he said, pretending I'd wounded him.

"You know what I'm asking. And I mean a wreck in the best sense of the word." He knew I was teasing.

"Because this is your place. It's not mine. I'm a guest here and I want to keep it nice for you. I'm afraid that one of these days I'm going to leave a mess and you're going to realize I'm a slob and break up with me."

"That's ridiculous."

"I know, but I'm always afraid you're going to break up with me. You know how they say if something feels too good to be true, then it probably is? This is one of those things. You are one of those things."

No, I wasn't. I'd just let him believe I was. I'd gotten angry with him for putting me on a pedestal, but I'd let him put me there. I needed to show him more of my flaws. But, being Will, he probably wouldn't see them as flaws.

"I'm not going to break up with you," I said. But he might break up with me.

"Well, I'm definitely not breaking up with you. You're awesome." He flopped back down on the bed and kissed my knee. I knew that him kissing any part of my body below the waist was going to lead to more kissing in other areas. I was still using sex to deal with my problems, but as long as it was working, I was going to keep doing it.

"You are also awesome. Even if you're a little messy." I picked up after him every now and then, but I never said anything about it. I didn't mind. It was so minor. I kept waiting to discover something about Will that would drive me crazy and make me want to strangle him in his sleep, but as of yet, no luck. Maybe I had to give it a few years. If we'd have that together. If I could get through tomorrow and the next day and the next.

Aud left early the next morning. I tried to wake up with her, but I still felt like I was coming down with something, so I stayed in bed. She just kissed me on the cheek and said she'd call me and let me know when she was coming back.

"I'll be here. Waiting," I mumbled and she stroked my face with her long fingers before softly shutting the door.

Most of my day was spent in bed. The sickness I'd tried to somehow ignore had hit me full force. Between the bathroom and the tissue box, I was miserable. I wished Aud could have stayed with me, but on the other hand, I didn't want her to see me like this. I was disgusting.

I wasn't surprised Lottie showed up with a sickness kit she'd put together.

"How you feelin', little bro?" She felt my forehead and stared into my eyes. I squinted up at her.

"Like shit."

"I know. I can tell. And you don't have your woman here to take care of you."

"Aud doesn't need to take care of me. I'm not some helpless guy who can't tie his shoes," I said, but she ignored me and started clearing a space on Aud's desk and taking things out of the bag she'd brought.

"I brought stuff to make Mom's soup. I didn't know how I was going to make it in the microwave, but Stryker had a hotplate, so I borrowed it from him." She searched for an outlet and plugged the hotplate in. "Be right back, darling." I just closed my eyes and willed my stomach to stay still. She came back with some water and then proceeded to start chopping onions on a little cutting board she'd also brought with her. Mom's soup definitely worked, but it was kinda disgusting. Onions, garlic, herbs, chicken broth, a whole lot of other things that I couldn't remember. I'd tried to make it before, but I guess only the women in my family are allowed to have the recipe.

"That smells disgusting," I said as the onion smell wafted across the room to my bed. I turned my back on her and stuffed my face into Aud's pillow which was still drenched in her scent.

"But it will make you better, so shut up." The sound of the knife against the cutting board was soothing, and Lottie hummed as she chopped.

"I think I'm going to die," I said as my stomach lurched again. I'd already thrown up everything that could possibly be in my stomach three times over.

Lottie just pushed the trash can closer to the edge of the bed.

"You're just being dramatic. I wouldn't let you die. Then Audrey would get mad at me and she's going to be a lawyer. You don't piss off a lawyer. They know how to get around the law." That was true. If Aud and I got married, I'd already resigned myself to losing every argument we'd ever have, and not just because I was a guy.

"Your humming is driving me crazy," I said a few minutes later.

"Fine, then turn on the TV." I did, and flipped it to a Walking Dead marathon.

"Seriously? You've been throwing up and this is what you choose to watch?" Lottie said as one of the characters sunk an axe through a zombie's skull with a wet crunching sound.

"This is my comfort show. I don't make fun of yours, so don't make fun of mine."

She snorted.

"You make fun of my shows all the time, you liar."

"You're not supposed to argue with me, I'm ill. What if I die and the last thing you said to me was mean? Then it would haunt you for the rest of your life." I turned back toward her, but she just stared at me with her hands on her hips. She was actually wearing an apron. I wanted to make a snarky comment about it, but she was holding a knife, so I didn't. And it was really nice that she was taking care of me.

"I'm not even going to say anything to that. But the next time I'm sick, you'd better be wiping my nose and cleaning my bedpan. I could be out driving around with my sexy boyfriend and eating Pop Tarts, but I'm here taking care of your ass. It sucks being your sister sometimes, you know that?"

"Yeah, well it sucks being your brother too."

We were silent for a few minutes as Lottie kept chopping and throwing stuff into the pot.

"I love you, punk," she said quietly.

"Love you, too."

Eddie picked me up just at the edge of campus, at a bus stop. He was actually smiling when I got in the car.

"I bought her a present," he said, pointing to the backseat where a giant pink bear was strapped in with the seatbelt. There were also three pink helium balloons.

"Wow." I hadn't even thought of that. Why hadn't I thought of that? I should bring her something.

"Is it too much? I didn't know if it was too much."

"No, I'm sure she'll love it." I had no idea if she'd love it. I didn't know anything about her. I knew nothing about my daughter.

"Do you mind if we stop somewhere? I need to get something," I said. I couldn't show up now without a gift.

"Sure, absolutely."

He pulled away from the curb and turned on the radio.

"Have you told anyone about her?" I asked.

"Like, my family? No. I didn't think they'd want to know." They sounded like my family.

"What did your parents say when you told them?" he asked me, turning the music down.

We had a long drive and a lot to talk about.

"They said that there was no way I was having an abortion. I'd gotten pregnant and they wouldn't let me take the easy way out." They thought that. My parents thought abortion was an easy decision.

"Wow. I never knew they were like that. You never really talked about them much. You never really talked at all, actually."

"I'm shy," I said, but that wasn't exactly the case. It wasn't shyness that made me reluctant to talk to people. It was the fear that someone would treat me like my parents did. Or that they wouldn't approve of me.

"You don't seem shy now. This is weird, isn't it? You and me, going to meet our daughter?"

"The weirdest."

The drive to Maria's house in New Hampshire took a few hours, along with a stop at a small gift shop along the highway to get a present for Emily. I wandered through the store, trying to think about what she might like. I finally found a little stuffed lion that played "Clair de lune" when you pulled its tail.

"Do you think she'll like it?" I asked Eddie before I bought it.

"I'm sure she will," he said.

We talked a lot along the way, about really intimate details of our lives. I'd had a crush on him in high school, but it was one of those distant things where you just liked somebody for no particular reason. He'd been an object I'd fixated on for a while. I hadn't known much about him. On the surface, he seemed like the kind of guy who didn't care about much but getting drunk and being with as many girls as possible. But I learned that he loved his younger sister, and he played the trumpet, but only in secret.

I told him about my Harry Potter obsession. And then we got to Will.

"So you're seeing that guy you were with at the party?"

"Yes. We've been officially together for a few weeks, but it's been a long time coming. It feels like we've been together for much longer."

"Does he know?" He turned where the robotic GPS voice instructed him to.

"No. And I'm going to keep it that way," I said.

"Really? Why wouldn't you tell him?"

"Because I just can't, all right? I just don't want him to know."

"Whoa, okay, okay. I'm not going to say anything. This is going to stay between us," Eddie said, sensing my panic. I couldn't help but panic at the idea of Will finding out.

Speaking of Will, I sent him a text message asking how he was. An answer came back a few minutes later. It was a picture of Will lying in my bed, sleeping. Lottie must be taking care of him. Good. I was glad she was there. I'd seen Will when he had a cold, and he definitely got pretty dramatic about the whole thing.

"Okay, here we are," he said, pulling into a lovely yellow home with a porch and a little melting snowman family next to the swing set in the yard. There were also two cars in the driveway. If I could have picked the perfect home for my daughter to be in, this was it. The curtains fluttered in the window as Eddie stopped the car and turned it off.

"Okay, I'm freaking out. Are you freaking out?" He gripped the steering wheel and I thought he was going to throw up. I didn't feel anything. As if I'd left my body and was looking down on myself.

The front door opened and someone came out.

"That's Maria," I said, unbuckling my seatbelt. The click somehow brought me back to reality.

The last time I'd seen Emily, she'd still been connected to my body. I put my hand on my stomach, remembering what it was like to feel her under my skin. I didn't gain much weight when I was pregnant, but I always knew she was there. She was a constant mover and I wondered if, when she was born, she'd be an active child.

"Let's go," Eddie said, taking my hand and squeezing it briefly before getting out of the car.

Maria walked toward me, a smile on her face. When she got within a few feet of me, she threw her arms out.

"There's my girl." I let myself be folded into her embrace and hugged her back. I couldn't even remember the last time my mom had hugged me. But Maria hugged me hard and didn't let go.

"I'm so happy you're here," she said in my ear before she squeezed me one more time and let go.

"And you must be Eddie, we spoke on the phone." Eddie stared at Maria, his hands in his pockets.

"Well, come on, get over here. I'm a hugger." She hugged him, too, even though he was taller than she was. He froze for a moment and then hugged her back.

"How was the drive? Was it good?" she said as we walked back toward the house. This was it.

"Good," I said and Eddie nodded. We stopped right in front of the door.

"Are you ready?" Maria said, her arm around me.

"No," I said, being honest.

"It's okay. You can do this. You ready, Eddie?"

"Shi-shoot, I forgot the presents in the car. Hold on a second." He ran back to the car and got the giant bear, the balloons and then the bag with my present in it.

"You didn't have to do that," Maria said. "But she loves balloons. I have to buy them for her all the time. She always has a fit when they lose the helium and then they sink to the floor. You'd think we'd tortured her." She stared at the balloons for a moment, watching them as they bobbed in the wind.

"Anyway, come on in."

She opened the door and I stepped inside.

26

"I'm dying," I moaned.

"No you're not, you gigantic baby. My God, what it is with men and being sick? You all regress to infants. Here, finish your soup." She held the bowl in front of my face. I very much did not want to eat the rest of it, but I'd rather feed myself than have Lottie forcibly pour it down my throat, which she wouldn't hesitate to do.

I finished my soup while Lottie put a damp towel in the microwave to warm it and then started rubbing VapoRub on my chest. Disgusting, that stuff. It burned my nostrils with the smell, but protesting would only make it worse.

Lottie had obviously picked up on everything Mom did when we were sick. I knew the list too, since she'd done it for us so many times. Lottie and I shared a lot of things, and one of those was germs. It was inevitable that if I got sick, she would too and vice-versa.

"You know, all this taking care of you has given me so much mom practice. Now when I get sick, you'd better do all this for me." She pulled the now-steaming towel out and laid it on my chest. Then she wiped the rest of the VapoRub from her hands onto the soles of my feet and began rubbing them. Oh, that felt good.

"Why don't you get Zan to do it?"

"Because he doesn't know how to do it like Mom. You do. I guess I could teach him. But I'm still a little reluctant to have my boyfriend see me puking in a bucket and being all gross. I can't put that off forever, but I'm scared he'll see me like that and then not want to have sex with me anymore. Shut up, I know it's stupid." I'd opened my mouth to tell her just that, but she beat me to it.

"You could puke all over that boy and he'd quote poetry and ask you to do it again," I said and she made a disgusted face.

"Anyway. I'm predicting the creeping crud you have will hit me around Tuesday, so you might want to go shopping now and be ready. I'll have everything else set up at my place."

I closed my eyes and tried not to choke on the VapoRub fumes as Lottie kept rubbing my feet.

Her phone went off and she got up to get it.

"Hey," she said, and by the tone of her voice I knew it was Zan. "No, he's fine. I'm fine ... No, you don't have to do that ... You're so sweet, but I've got this ... I don't know ... Maybe tonight? Okay ... Okay ... Love you, too. Bye."

"How's the boyfriend?" I kept my eyes closed. It was easier that way. The hot soup had made its way down to my stomach, where I hoped it would stay without coming up again.

"He's fine. Asked if I needed any help. Said to tell you he said hello and get better."

"Thanks." She started moving around the room, cleaning things up.

"Why don't you try and sleep again? I'm going to clean and disinfect everything."

I nodded and let my body drift off into a sick and exhausted sleep.

My heart pounded so loud as I walked into the house that I thought everyone could hear it. The entryway was cluttered with shoes and toys and small coats.

"Sorry, it's usually controlled chaos around here," Maria said, steering us to the left and into a small living room.

"If you just want to sit, I'll go get her. She just had a nap."

"Oh, don't wake her if she's sleeping," I said.

Maria shook her head and started up the stairs.

"It's fine, don't worry about it." She jogged up the stairs and I sat down on one of the couches. The armrest had marks on it that looked like they'd been drawn with marker by little hands. Eddie kept taking deep breaths and shifting in his seat.

"What if she doesn't like me?" he blurted out.

"She will." There were no guarantees. We were both strangers to her.

Maria came down the stairs carrying a little girl with black curls, who had both her hands in fists, rubbing her eyes.

"Here we are," Maria said in a soft voice. "I had Leo take the other kids to the park so it would be just us." She sat down on a chair across from me and moved Emily's hands from her face.

It was like looking at a picture of myself as a child. With the exception of the curls, she was a mirror image of how I'd looked at her age.

"Can you say hi to Audrey?" She shook her head and buried her face in Maria's shoulder.

"Sorry, she's a little shy." A lump formed in my throat and I knew that I was teetering on the edge of losing it. Nothing could have prepared me for this. There weren't even words for the feelings clamoring inside me right now.

"Audrey came to visit you and so did Eddie and they brought you presents. Wasn't that nice of them?" At the mention of presents, she lifted her head and stared from me to Eddie. The second she saw the balloons, her face split into a smile and she made a grabbing motion at them.

"Boon! Boon!"

Maria laughed.

"She can't quite say balloon yet. It's a hard word, isn't it? Do you want to see the balloons? Can you ask nice?"

"Pwease?" That word, said in her little voice broke something in me. I almost got up and had to run to the car, but I stayed frozen in my chair as Eddie got up and brought the bundle of balloons over to Emily, pulling the strings taught so the balloons were down at her eye level.

"It's nice to meet you," Eddie said. Emily just stared at him, a little knot of concentration on her forehead, as if she was trying to figure out who this man was who had brought her the balloons.

"Do you like them?" he asked her.

"Boon!" she said again, laughing and trying to grab one of the balloons to hug it.

"Yeah, balloon." His voice stuttered a bit and I could tell he was crying. "It's so nice to meet you, Emily."

"Do you want to hold her?" Maria said. She'd been quiet as Eddie and Emily talked, watching them both.

"I think Audrey should first." I couldn't move as they all looked at me. Well, except Emily, who was still captivated by the balloons.

"Do you want to hold her?" Maria got up and Emily protested being removed from the proximity of the balloons, but Eddie brought them back to her and they all walked over to where I sat on the couch.

"I don't know ..." I said. What if she got in my lap and started crying? What if she hated me?

"It'll be okay, I promise," Maria said, leaning down and placing Emily in my arms. Emily turned her attention from the balloons and looked up at my face, studying me like she'd studied Eddie, only this time for longer. One chubby hand reached out and gently grabbed onto my nose.

"Hi, Emily," I said. "I'm Audrey."

"A-wee." My name from her mouth made me smile for the first time since I'd walked into the house.

"Yeah, that's right." She stroked my cheek and smiled.

"A-wee."

We stayed with them for three hours, and Maria told me more about Emily and the specific type of cancer she had and the treatments. She'd been right when she'd said that Emily didn't seem sick. She looked healthy and toddled around like a completely normal kid.

My daughter.

Maria and I watched as Eddie played peekaboo with the giant bear he'd brought, making Emily giggle uncontrollably. I pulled out my phone and recorded the sound of her laugh.

"I'm so glad you're here," Maria said, giving me another crushing hug. "I knew you weren't ready when you had her, and I kept away because that was what you wanted, but I always knew someday you'd be ready. I have something for you." She got up and went to a bookcase and pulled an album off the shelf.

"I had this made for you and I've been adding to it as she's grown. I'm a little obsessed with taking pictures of my kids, but I guess most parents are. I can't help it, she's just so entertaining." She opened the album and it was a record of Emily's life, up until now. Her first birthday and baths and steps and everything in-between. There was even a little dark curl, tied with a ribbon and tucked in a little clear window.

"From her first haircut. She seems to have inherited your hair, except hers is curly."

"Mine was when I was little," Eddie said, looking up. "Her hair's curly like mine. But she looks more like you, I think. She's definitely got your eyes." She did.

"She's a joy, Audrey, honestly. Our family feels complete with her. You know how they say things are meant to be? That's what this feels like." I nodded. It didn't feel that way at the time. Not even close. Everything had been wrong.

Now, in this moment, things fell together. I didn't really believe in fate, but I knew when something felt right. Meeting Will felt right. Telling I loved him felt right. And this. This was right.

When Emily got tired from all the excitement, Maria put her down for a nap and then made Eddie and me lunch.

"I'm sorry, I tend to treat everyone like my kids. It's a reflex," she said, laughing as she made ham and cheese sandwiches.

"I'm so sorry I haven't been in contact," I said, but Maria waved that off.

"What's in the past is in the past. You're here now and Emily's going to know who you are. We're going to be very open with her about where she comes from and who her parents are. It's even better because now we know who her father is, so she'll know everything. Eddie, sometime down the line, if you wouldn't mind giving me a family medical history, I would really appreciate it."

"Uh, yeah, I can do that," Eddie said, taking the plate that Maria handed him. "This is surreal."

"I bet it is," Maria said, handing me a plate and we all sat down in the dining room with our sandwiches and chips and juice boxes.

"I'm so glad that the two of you are here. I know my sister hasn't been as supportive as she should be," Maria said to me.

"No, she isn't supportive. But I think I've finally realized that I don't need her anymore. She's never going to be there for me, so I'm going to stop looking for her love and approval." I looked down at my sandwich. I didn't mean to say all that out loud.

Maria sighed and shook her head.

"I love her, but she's got some screwed up priorities. Sometimes I wonder if I shouldn't cut ties with her as well. But you can't choose your family."

That reminded me of what Will said.

"Sometimes you can. You chose Emily."

Maria smiled.

"True. I wasn't sure, at first, about taking her, what with having the other two already, but then I saw her and I knew."

She beamed and picked up her sandwich.

Eddie and I were silent when we got back in the car. Me with the photo album, and him with a framed picture and the promise of an album of his own. We had to get to the hospital so he could fill out the forms and get a cheek swab to get tested as a possible bone marrow match.

I wasn't much of a praying person, but I sent a quick message in my mind to anyone who would listen, begging that he be a match.

"She's so beautiful," he finally said. "I kept looking at her and wondering how she could be real. She's a person. A whole person."

"I know. It's hard to believe." I found myself brushing the front of my pants, right where my scar was.

"I'm sorry I couldn't be there for you when you were pregnant. And for the delivery and everything. I mean, I know now that you made the right choice for her, but I still would have liked to be there for you. It must have been so hard to do that on your own."

"It was." It had been. I didn't know how hard until I was on the other side of it. At the time, I'd just been struggling to get through each day. Just get to the birth and then I could forget about everything that had happened. It didn't work that way, though.

"And I'm sorry for being a dick initially. That was completely uncalled for."

"It's okay, Eddie. Things are okay now and we're going to get through this. I'm just hoping you're a match."

"Me too. I don't know what I'll do if I'm not. I did a ton of research about it. I guess they can just take your blood now for the donation. They used to have to stick this huge needle into your hip and scrape out your bone marrow." We both shuddered at the idea of that.

"I'd do it anyway. For her. I don't think I've ever been able to say that. You know, that I'd do that for someone I just met. My parents and my sister, sure, but she's different. You get it, right?"

"Yeah. I do."

The hospital visit only took about an hour and then Eddie and I went out to dinner. Now that we'd exhausted the topic of Emily, we didn't really seem to have much to talk about.

We sat in silence, both lost in our own thoughts.

"You know I had a crush on you in high school," he said as we waited for our drink orders at the restaurant. We'd picked a small non-chain place this time.

"You did?" This was news to me. I nearly slid out of the booth in shock.

"Yeah. But you were so aloof, or whatever that I thought you'd turn me down, which was why I never asked you out. But then there was that party and I was drunk and confident and you know the rest. I felt like an ass**le afterwards, which was why I didn't try and talk to you."

His words were nearly impossible to believe. I'd been embarrassed about the whole thing as well, and then I'd gotten pregnant, which really made me not want to talk to him. My pregnancy had hit its final stages during summer vacation, so the chances of him seeing me with a giant belly were slim. And I transferred schools, but she'd already been born.

"I'm sorry about that. But now I understand why you didn't want to have anything to do with me. You didn't look pregnant, though. How did you hide it?"

"Loose clothing; it helped that Emily wasn't very big. And I dropped out of all my extra-curricular activities. My parents didn't want anyone to know so they paid my brother to keep his mouth shut. Not that he cared if people knew. He just wanted the money."

Eddie shook his head.

"That's a little f**ked up, Audrey."

"I know. The whole situation was." When you're a kid, you think your family is normal, like everyone else's. Then you go to school, or meet other kids and realize that things are different. I didn't know how messed up the situation was with my parents until I met other kids, and even then, it wasn't until I spent a lot of time with Will and Lottie, and even Stryker and Trish, that I saw how strong the bonds of family could be, and just how weak mine were.

"I feel like I'm reevaluating everything now. I know she's young, but I don't want to be a disappointment to her, you know? I want to be a good person for her. I've never had that before. This is just so crazy." He smiled and shook his head again.

"I tried to be better, but I don't think I did a very good job. I still made a lot of mistakes."

"Do you regret giving her up?" I didn't mind that he was asking me so many questions. He was one of the only people who could. Who deserved to know the answers.

"In the moment, yes. It was the single hardest thing I've ever had to do. I knew that if I could get through that, I could get through anything, but I knew that it was right. Can you imagine if I'd kept her and then she'd gotten sick? I couldn't deal with that."

"Yeah, I definitely couldn't. No way."

"Are you going to tell your parents?" I was still wired up from meeting my daughter, so I just stared at my food and pushed it around on my plate. Eddie did the same.

"I don't know. I'm not sure if they could handle it. You know, having a grandchild out there that they can't see whenever they want. I'll have to think about it. I guess I'm going to have to tell them if I'm a match, though. I don't know. I haven't decided."

We talked more about other things and then he drove me back to the dorms.

"So you'll let me know when you hear?" I said, getting out of the car.

"The second I know the results, I'll let you know. Promise. Thanks so much for letting me come, and when you talk to Maria, thank her for me. I'm going to call her tonight, but I just really want her to know how much this means to me."

"I will."

27

"Hey, how are you feeling?" A voice that wasn't Lottie's asked as a hand moved my sweaty hair from my forehead.

I opened my eyes and found Audrey looking down at me with concern written on her face.

"Better," I said, and it was the truth. My throat wasn't on fire and I could breathe through my nose again. Also, the magic soup had stayed down and my stomach was no longer acting like I was on the deck of a pitching and heaving boat in the ocean.

"How was your day?" I turned on my side and she sat down next to me.

"Good. It was good." She smiled and her white teeth flashed in the dark of the room. She'd kept the lights off when she came in. Since it was dark outside now, I'd obviously been sleeping for a while.

"Did you see Lottie?" I asked.

"Yeah, I called her and told her when I'd be back. She just left. Oh, and she said to give you this." She handed me a note.

There's leftover soup in the fridge if you need it, but I don't think you will. You're welcome.

Your loving and awesome sister,

Lottie

I shook my head at the note.

"You're so lucky to have someone who cares about you so much," Audrey said, reading the note again.

"I care about you. And so does Lottie and everyone else. What would make you think that you don't have people who are care about you? Just because your parents are dicks, doesn't mean you're unlovable. Some of us fit in the family we're born into and some get to choose their family. My parents love me, I know that, and we get along great, but I don't think they really understand me all that much. They get Lottie better. But then I found Simon and even though we seemed like we had nothing in common, we got each other. You get me, and even though I will probably never fully get you, I kind of like that. Keeps me on my toes."

She smiled and kissed my forehead.

"Ugh, I'm gross and sweaty." I was also still covered in VapoRub. "I should take a shower." I tossed the covers off and started to get up.

"I'll come with you," Audrey said, giving me a hand up. "We'll get clean together."

I liked the sound of that plan.

Aud wasn't one of those girls who was always on her phone, but the next few days I kept catching her pulling it out, or just staring at it constantly. I asked her about it the first few times, but she would just brush me off, or give me some sort of half-assed excuse.

I also caught her staring off into space and thinking a lot. Well, a lot more than usual. Once, she even did it while we were having sex.

"Aud?" I said, pausing, mid-thrust. She looked up at me as if she was waking up after a dream.

"I'm right here," she said, stroking my back. "I'm right here with you." I almost lost my hard-on, but she started begging me and digging her nails into my back and I kept going. I couldn't say no when she begged me.

Lottie told me that Audrey was just distracted and that I shouldn't worry.

"Why are you always trying to find a problem where there isn't one? It's not healthy." I'd gone over to her place to have her help me find the roller skates that Aud had described to me. I was having no luck finding them online, but Lottie found the exact pair on eBay after some searching.

"Don't you get scared? About Zan?" She nodded.

"All the time. But I can't let that fear ruin what we have. Hell, I could be hit by a car tomorrow. Anything can happen. You have to live in the moment. I can't believe I have to tell you this. I feel like we've switched personalities," she said.

I tried to take her advice to heart, but it wasn't easy. I left her place and went back to my dorm room to grab something and found Simon crying. I could count the number of times I'd seen him cry on one hand, so this was a big deal.

"What happened?" He looked up at me and wiped his eyes with a tissue. He would always yell at me for using my sleeve when we were younger.

"Brady and I had a fight. It was so stupid. I don't even know why we fought. It was one of those things where it escalated and then I forgot why we were fighting. I'm sorry."

I sat down next to him on his bed.

"Was it breakup bad?" Simon had never been in such a serious relationship before and I knew if they broke up, it was going to be devastating.

"I don't think so. I hope not. I don't know how I'd survive it. I love him, Will." His voice broke and he put his head in his hands. Neither Lottie or I was really good at the comfort thing, but when your best friend is hurting so much, it doesn't matter if you suck at doing the comforting thing. You do it anyway.

"I'm sure you'll work it out. He loves you so much." I'd never really seen two people who were that disgustingly in love. And happy. They were so f**king happy, you could feel it in the air around them.

"And I'm pretty sure that if you didn't fight there would be something wrong with you. Oh, and make-up sex is the best sex, so you have that to look forward to." I was grasping for ways to spin this positively.

Simon chuckled at my mention of make-up sex.

"You're right about that." He sighed. "It just that this is the first big fight and I'm so afraid to lose him, and it's not just him. His parents are so wonderful, and they make me feel like I'm part of their family. I feel that way with you and Lottie, too, but it's different."

"I know, I know."

I sat with him for a little while and we talked about relationships and I tried to give wise advice and tell him that it was going to be okay. I was in the middle of telling him about a crazy fight I'd had with Kandy when there was a frantic knock at the door.

I got up to answer it and saw a red-faced and still-crying Brady through the peephole.

"It's him," I said in a low voice. "Do you want me to let him in?"

"Babe, please let me in. I'm so sorry," Brady yelled loud enough for both of us (and probably the whole hallway) to hear.

Simon nodded and I opened the door. Brady staggered in, sobbing and apologizing. Simon got up and held out his arms and I saw my cue to leave. I grabbed my stuff and made a quick exit before the make-up sex started.

"So here's a question for you," Stryker said the next night at dinner. Brady and Simon were cuddled up on the couch, as close as ever and they definitely both had a killer sex glow going on. I kept catching them whispering to each other and I had the feeling that the make-up sex was more of a marathon than a sprint.

"Yes, Abe?" Katie said, earning a glare from Stryker. She'd started calling him by the nickname for his middle name, mostly because it made him mad.

"I know we're all doing our own Valentine's Day things, but how about we all go out the day after? Sort of like a Valentine's Hangover Day." I was kind of shocked at his suggestion, but he frequently surprised me.

"We could go out to dinner or something," he said, handing out plates.

"That's not actually a bad idea. Restaurants will be packed on V-Day, but the day after they'll probably be pretty empty. Good idea," I said.

"It sounds lame," Trish said.

"You think all my ideas are lame," Stryker said, holding the plate over her head so she couldn't reach it.

"That's because your ideas are lame, ass**le," she said, elbowing him in the stomach, causing him to contract in pain and bring his arm down so she could reach the plate.

"I think it sounds nice," Audrey said, leaning her chin on my shoulder. I doled out spaghetti from a huge pot as everyone handed me their plates.

"We should have some sort of democratic process to make this decision," Lottie said, sprinkling cheese all over her plate so that the sauce went from red to white.

"We could vote," Zan said, shaking his head when she offered him the cheese container.

"All in favor of doing Valentine's Hangover, raise your hand," Stryker yelled. All of us raised our hands but Trish.

"You all suck," she said, flopping on the couch.

"But you love romantic things," Max said, sitting next to her. The kid didn't talk much, but Trish had enough words for the both of them. Kind of like Lottie and Zan.

"Shut up," she said, but her voice was soft and she had a smile on her face.

"Okay, it's official. Valentine's Hangover is a thing. Now where are we going to go?" Lottie said. "Not Caroline's, obviously, because they kicked us out last time."

"I think you know a place," Aud said, nudging my shoulder.

"I do?" I had no idea what she was talking about.

"The pie place? Unless you still want to keep that a secret."

"No, no that's perfect. We'll probably have to call ahead, because there are only a few tables." Bea would be thrilled, and I knew she wouldn't kick us out for being loud.

"Who likes pie?" I yelled.

"Who doesn't like pie?" Several voices said.

I hid the album Maria gave me in the bottom drawer of my dresser under some old sweatpants that I never wore because they were full of holes. I hated hiding it in my dorm room, but I didn't really have any other place, and I liked to have it near me so I could pull it out and see Emily's face. Even if it was just in a picture.

Will noticed my distraction, but he was also busy planning something for me. I kept racking my brain in the moments that I wasn't thinking/worrying about Emily with what I was going to do for him for Valentine's Day. I had exactly zero ideas, so I went to the one person who would know what I should do.

Lottie.

"Okay, do you want to be sweet? Or sexy? Or something that he'll never forget?"

"How about all of those things?" I said. We were having lunch in the Union, and I didn't have a whole lot of time.

"Well, the sexy thing you could get a gold bikini and do your hair in the Leia buns. That's pretty obvious. And the sweet thing you could always set up a Star Wars marathon night with themed snacks and dishes and so forth. You can get all that stuff at the party store over by the mall, and there's a ton of ideas online I can send you. And if you want to give him something he'll never forget, he's been coveting this Luke Skywalker replica lightsaber for like, EVER. It's kind of expensive, but I'm pretty sure if you get it for him, he'll propose on the spot, so be prepared. But if you don't want to spend that much, get him one of the Lego sets. God, my brother is a child."

That made both of us laugh, but I couldn't really comment on his fandom because I had my own.

"Or, if you're sick of the Star Wars thing, you could always do something athletic. Batting cages, or rock climbing. That's not my cup of tea, but he'd be all over it." That was another good idea, but I wasn't much of an athlete either. But maybe I should start.

"Okay, great, thanks for the ideas. I've just had a lot on my mind lately and I was drawing a blank."

"Anytime. I'm more than happy to let you in on the warped workings of my brother's mind."

"Speaking of tea, I could really go for a cup. You in?"

I said yes and she went to make two cups.

For Will's gift(s), I decided on a compromise. A trip to the batting cages, followed by dinner at his favorite pizza place, and I caved and bought the lightsaber. It cost me an arm and a leg, especially with the rush shipping, but I couldn't wait to see his face when he opened it. Maybe it was my guilt doing the buying, but I couldn't help it. He deserved it after everything I'd put him through.

The lightsaber arrived to Lottie's apartment the day before Valentine's. I still hadn't heard from Eddie, and I was completely on edge. I even snapped at Will.

"Aud, you okay? Not to be an ass, but do you have PMS right now?" I almost yelled at him again, but reeled it in.

"No, I'm just stressed about this project I have to do. It's one of those group things and I feel like I'm the only one doing any work." Once again, this wasn't a total lie. I was doing a group project, and I was the only one pulling my weight, but I'd started caring less and less about perfection in my schoolwork. I still put in a lot of effort, but I was less obsessive about getting every single detail exactly right.

"Anything I can do to make it better?" My answer was to take his shirt off. That would make it better. For now.

28

Valentine's Day arrived and for the first time in a long time, I was awake before Audrey. Lucky for us, the day had fallen on a Saturday this year.

"Are you watching me sleep?" Aud said when her eyes opened and she caught me staring at her face. I had been watching her, but not in a creepy way. More like the way that I still couldn't believe I got to sleep next to (and with) someone so stunning.

"I wouldn't watch you if you weren't so cute." Her hair, which was normally so sleek and in control, was all over the place and her voice rasped with sleep.

"I'm definitely not cute right now."

"Yes you are. Happy Valentine's Day," I said, kissing her on the nose. She didn't like me kissing her lips in the morning until she'd brushed her teeth.

"Happy Valentine's Day," she said and pushed my own rowdy hair out of my face.

"Didn't I just give you a haircut?"

"It grows fast," I said, climbing over her and putting my pants on. "Are you ready for today? I don't think you are. It's going to be epic. Like, destroying the Death Star epic." I couldn't stop smiling, thinking about how much she was going to love her surprise.

"I don't know if I'm ready for that." She turned on her side and grinned at me.

"Well, get ready. We have plans." I threw a random shirt, bra, panties and jeans at her from her dresser.

"What are you doing?" her voice was sharp with sudden alarm.

"I'm hurrying you along." I closed the drawers and she started putting on the things I'd picked for her.

"That's really not fair. I'm supposed to dress up for this."

"You can get dressed up all you want later, but right now, you need to be comfortable. Come on, hurry up." I clapped my hands and she stuck her tongue out at me and put her arms through the sleeves of the shirt with deliberate slowness.

"You're pushing my buttons," I said, crossing my arms and glaring at her. "If you don't get dressed in the next ten seconds, I'm going to pick you up and take you out as you are, and it's pretty f**king cold out right now."

Her dorm room was a sauna thanks to the faulty heating, but judging from the pedestrians outside, it was cold enough to freeze your balls off. Not that Aud had balls. Or at least they were only figurative.

She made a little squeaking sound and dressed so fast I didn't even have time to start counting to ten and time her.

"Can I please wash my face and brush my teeth and maybe put some mascara on?" I sighed.

"I guess so. Hurry up." She grabbed her bathroom kit from the top of her dresser and dashed out of the room. I had my own stuff at her place, so I did the same, even running a brush through the ends of my hair. I'd learned from my sister that you should never brush curly hair. In my case, I ended up with a 'fro and that wasn't good for anyone.

Aud took far too long in the bathroom and I was sitting on her bed with my knees bouncing up and down when she finally came back.

"I thought you fell in. I was going to be all heroic and rescue you." She just let out an exasperated sigh and started putting her coat on.

"Well, reading Harry Potter has taught me that going to the bathroom alone is dangerous. Bad things always happen to girls when they go to the bathroom alone." She proceeded to list all the things as I got my coat and started shoving her out the door.

"Are there murderers chasing us?" she asked.

"No, we just have to get going. The Day of Romance needs to start."

She snorted. "The Day of Romance?"

"What, you have a better name for it?"

We spent the next twenty minutes (while I drove) trying to come up with a better name, but we had nothing.

"What about Sex Partner Appreciation Day?" Aud said.

"Okay, that's kind of awesome. Good thinking, Sex Partner." I held my fist up and she bumped it with hers.

"Thank you, Sex Partner."

"This isn't some sort of way to introduce me to BDSM, is it?" Aud said, as I tied the blindfold in the back of her head.

"No but if you want to try that, I'm absolutely game. For right now, I just want to make it so you can't see." I waved my hand in front of her face and then gave her the middle finger, but she didn't respond.

"How many fingers am I holding up?" I held up three.

"Three?"

"Okay, how about now?" I held up three again.

"Five?"

"Good." The second phase of Valentine's Day (or as I would be calling it from now on, Sex Partner Appreciation Day) was in motion. I'd taken her out for breakfast and now we were on our way to the roller rink. She said that my surprise could wait until we were done with her surprises. I didn't even care what she had planned because I was so focused on what I'd planned for her. I could barely contain myself.

"You'd better not hate this because it's non-returnable."

"Can I re-gift it?" She tugged on the blindfold and I tried to smack her hand away as I started the car again. I was going to drive us around for a while so that even if she had an idea where we started, she'd get quickly confused by my change of direction. I was like a Sex Partner Appreciation Day ninja.

"No refunds, no exchanges. So there." I pulled into a random driveway and backed up to turn around and go in the opposite direction for a little while.

"You're trying to confuse me, aren't you?" she said, crossing her arms.

"Maybe. I want you to be completely and utterly surprised. What's wrong with that?"

"Nothing," she said, a little smile on her face. "I kind of love how serious you're taking this. It makes my heart feel all warm and melty."

"Um, do we need to take you to the hospital? That sounds like something a doctor should check out." She smacked me on the arm.

"It's a good thing I love you."

"I love you too, Sex Partner."

If it was anyone other than Will, I would have been very suspicious of his motives, but he was practically vibrating with excitement in the driver's seat next to me. I also knew that he was driving around in circles to throw me off. As if I had the town somehow mapped out in my head.

He was really taking this surprise thing to the extreme. I'd thought Christmas had been intense, but this was in a whole new ballpark. If this was how he was with holidays now, I had no idea what he was going to be like in a few years. Would the presents just get more outrageous? Elephants and helicopters and diamond jewelry danced through my mind.

First, we had to survive today. And tonight. I had Will's surprise all ready to go. I'd had to recruit Zan to help me hide Will's presents because, apparently, Lottie couldn't keep anything at all from Will. So I just put everything into the most non-descript cardboard box I could find and told Zan not to tell Lottie where it was so she couldn't tell Will. Zan just smiled and said he'd take care of it.

The car finally came to a halt and Will turned off the engine.

"Here we are," he said, and got out. I waited for him to open my door.

"Can I take the blindfold off yet?" I said as he took both my hands and helped me stand.

"Nope. Not until we get inside." Great. He was going to parade me around wherever we were. I could hear music and voices of people walking by, so there were at least a few people who saw me.

"Humiliating me isn't part of the surprise, is it?" The only upside of being blindfolded was that I couldn't see the people staring.

"Don't let me trip," I said as we walked slowly forward.

"I won't let anything happen to you, baby." He'd never called me that before. I'd always found it a little condescending, but from his mouth, it made me feel tingly and like I wanted to smile and giggle at the same time.

"Okay, stay right here. I'm going to get the door." He walked me through the door and I hoped he was going to take the blindfold off. But no.

Will made me walk a little bit further. The music was louder now, and voices of kids swirled around me. Flashes of light kept trying to get under the fabric of the blindfold and I was starting to have an idea about where we were.

"Sit down. Slow." I sat and Will took off my shoes and then shoved something heavy on my feet. He set each foot down with a clunk and I did a little test.

Roller skates.

Will removed the blindfold and I looked down at my feet.

"You didn't," I said.

"Clearly, I did." I looked up from the skates to Will's grinning face and I started to cry.

"Oh, Aud. Don't cry." Will leaned down and clasped my face between his hands.

"I can't help it. You're ridiculous."

"You haven't seen anything yet."

Ten minutes later Will was holding my hand and leading me slowly around the floor of the roller rink in my sparkly pink and purple skates. I had no idea how or where he'd found them, let alone in my size, but he'd done it. He'd even donned a pair of black skates, despite being a rollerblade fan.

The disco ball threw light around the room and made the dingy space look magical. This was small-town Maine so the rink was small, but there was a tiny arcade attached, and a snack bar. We had to keep veering away from the kids that kept tearing around the rink so we didn't fall.

"Is this everything you thought it would be?" Will said, squeezing my hand as the song changed to "MMMBop" by Hanson.

"And more. So much more."

We did another few laps to finish out the song and then Will steered me over toward the arcade where there were a few benches.

"Wait here." He zoomed away and left me there. Um, what? I sat and spun the wheels on my skates and watched a little girl with plastic strap-on skates toddle around while her dad held her hand and told her she was doing a great job.

That would be Emily someday, only Leo would be doing the hand-holding and encouraging. Now that I knew him better, I had no doubt that Eddie would make a good father some day. Apparently, my drunken decision to choose him to be Emily's biological father was a sound one.

I was so distracted thinking about Emily that I almost didn't see Will skating up to me with a huge cluster of balloons and two presents in pink boxes with enormous bows on them.

"Happy Sex Partner Appreciation Day!" He whispered the word "sex" so the kids didn't hear.

I wanted to cry again, but this time I was able to suppress it.

"Open them," he commanded, handing me the presents and sitting down next to me with the balloons.

"You don't have to tell me twice," I said, taking the first present and tearing open the paper. I hoped it wasn't anything too big. He'd already outdone himself.

"Okay, so this is sort of a future present," he said before I lifted the top off the box. "Like, you probably won't use it now, but I thought of you when I saw it and I knew I wanted to get it for you. But you can take it back if you hate it." Sweet rambling Will. I put my hand on his mouth to stop him from making excuses for the present that I knew that I was going to love no matter what.

"Hush. I love it already." I pulled the top off the box and found a black leather briefcase. It was thin and light, but had a sturdy handle and clasps.

"It's for your future legal career," Will said softly as I brushed my hand on the soft leather.

"Thank you so much, Will. I don't know what to say."

"Well, you could say 'give me the next present, ass**le.'" I set the briefcase aside and went for the next present. I opened that one a little slowly and found another box. And then I opened that box and found another box. I gave Will a look, but he just had a smug smile on his face. He was messing with me.

I finally got down to a fairly small box and opened that to find a necklace. A gold lightning-bolt necklace.

"I had to get a little something Harry in there. But this doesn't scream I'M A HARRY POTTER FAN. It's sweet and pretty and sexy. Like you." He motioned for me to turn around and I had that classic moment when I held my hair off my neck and he clasped the necklace for me. I happened to settle right between my br**sts. I looked down at it and wondered if the length of the necklace was intentional, or just a coincidence.

The former was confirmed when I turned back to Will and his eyes went right to that area and lit up.

"Perfect," he said softly.

"You have a one-track mind, Will Anders."

"I have no idea what you're talking about." He stood up and took my hands again as "Hungry Eyes" started to play.

"I'm pretty sure that they won't let you skate around with this many balloons, so let's find a place to put them." We were able to store the balloons in one of the back rooms and Will and I went back out to skate.

I had the world's greatest sex partner.

Will and skated for a while longer, including doing the Chicken Dance with all the kids, played a few games of pinball and air hockey (which he won all rounds of, despite him trying to let me win) and devoured pizza, fries, shakes and frosted brownies.

"I don't think I can move," I said, putting my hand on my stomach. I really shouldn't have eaten that much, knowing I was going to the batting cages later. How was I ever going to manage that?

"Agreed. Why didn't you stop me from eating that fourth slice of pizza after I already finished my shake and a brownie? Why is unlimited pizza a thing?" Will moaned.

"Hey, I'm not going to stop you from doing what you want to do. This is your show. And why didn't you stop me from getting extra fries? Are you trying to make my ass bigger?"

He gasped.

"No, that thought has never crossed my mind. Never ever. Nope." He shook his head slowly back and forth. "I like your butt just as it is. I wouldn't change a thing."

"Suuuurrrrreeeee." I somehow got myself upright and shuffled with my skates to where Will had put our shoes.

Getting the balloons into the truck's cab proved to be a bit of a challenge, and he couldn't see out the back window, but we both managed to get ourselves in.

"The upside is, if we get in an accident, we don't even need airbags. The balloons will cushion the crash," Will said, punching one of the balloons in front of his face.

"True," I said, moving one as well.

"So, best surprise ever?" he said as he struggled to back out of his parking space.

"Best surprise ever." It really was. Now I was feeling lame about my surprise. "I don't know how I'm going to top that."

"I know. I'm really good at this surprise thing. Who knew? I never did anything this romantic for any girl before. I never wanted to. But now I'm already planning your birthday. I hope you're prepared, because there might be actual fireworks." They were legal in Maine now for consumers to buy. There was even a new store selling them right off campus, which sounded like a bad idea all around.

"You know by making your surprises so awesome, it means that I feel obligated to try and outdo you and I don't know if I'm up to the challenge. It's a lot of pressure," I said.

"You could always give me, you know."

I kept my eyes straight ahead. "No, I'm not familiar with what you're referring to, could you be more specific?"

"Oh, you know what I mean. Especially when you do that thing with your tongue and then you put your finger -"

"Okay, I got it. Loud and clear." For some reason, hearing about the sexy things I did with Will when we were in bed made me blush outside the confines of the bedroom.

"So where are we headed?" he said, pulling out of the parking lot and turning toward campus.

"Well, you'll need to pull over first." He gave me a look, but pulled the truck over. "And now you need to get out and switch seats with me."

"That's not going to be easy, Aud. But I'll do it for you."

We switched seats, battling the balloons the whole time. Once he was in his seat, I made him turn around and I put the blindfold on him.

"Yes, I'm totally stealing your thunder and using the blindfold. This is also payback for earlier."

He whined, but I got the blindfold on him and then it was time to actually drive the truck. It took me a few tries to get the finicky gearshift in the right spot. This could be an interesting trip.

"I can hear you hurting my truck," Will said as the truck made a really horrible sound.

"Please work with me," I whispered to the steering wheel. "You want to make Will happy, don't you?"

"I can hear you talking to her," he said, fiddling with the blindfold.

"Stop that. She and I are going to get along fine." The truck made a protesting noise as if to add a "hell" to the "no."

29

I freaked out the entire time Audrey drove my truck. Not that I didn't trust her, because I definitely did. I'd trust her with my life. My truck, however, was another story.

"Please don't hurt her," I prayed under my breath.

"I heard that. And it's fine because we're here." With a horrible sound that was like my truck's heart getting ripped out, she turned the engine off.

"Wait there." I waited and she got out and did the same routine with me that I'd done earlier with her.

"I feel like a total dork." She laughed as I stumbled my way toward what I hoped wouldn't be the edge of a cliff.

"That's exactly how I felt a little while ago. Payback is a bitch." I'd asked for this. I really had.

As soon as we got through the door I heard clanging. It sounded familiar and it only took me a second to realize she'd brought me to the batting cages just off campus.

"I f**king love you, Audrey." It wasn't the classiest way to say it, but I didn't think she'd care.

"I f**king love you back, William." With that, she whipped off the blindfold and revealed the indoor batting cages.

"Now if I suck, you can't make fun of me. That's my only rule," she said, grinning from ear to ear.

"You're not going to suck. Not with me teaching you. Come on."

"Okay, you need to lean a little this way and put your shoulder like this," I said, standing behind Audrey and moving her body into the proper batting position. It gave me an excuse to put my hands all over her in public. She was definitely enjoying it because she kept leaning into me and purposely not posing the way I instructed, so I had to move her.

"I hope you're enjoying this as much as I am," I said in her ear, before kissing the side of her neck and causing her to inhale sharply.

"No, I'm hating this. I never, ever want to do this again. Ever." She backed up into me and wiggled her hips back and forth. Shit, if she did that much longer, I could give her another bat to hold.

"Okay, I'm going to go and start it. You ready?"

She nodded and bit her lip.

"Sure. Yeah. I'm ready. I let hard objects fly at my face all the time. It's cool." She had a helmet on (which she looked adorable in), but she was definitely still freaking out.

"I won't let anything happen to you, I promise." I stood back and waited. The first ball came and she swung and missed.

"It's okay. Just focus." She swung and missed again, but she was getting closer. The third ball made contact with the bat with a satisfying clang. She turned around and threw a grin over her shoulder at me.

"Don't get too cocky, slugger."

"I'll get as cocky as I want." God, I loved it when she said that word.

She hit a few more balls and then it was my turn.

Her ringtone blasted from her purse, which she'd set on the bench where I'd been watching her.

"Hold up, let me see who that is." I put my own helmet on and took the bat from her as she dashed to catch the call before it ended.

Her eyes went wide with shock as she looked at the screen. Wow. I turned and waited. Her eyes flashed toward me and she turned her back and put her finger in her ear so she could hear whoever it was.

I couldn't see or hear her voice, and clearly she wanted privacy, but I was dying to know who it was. Probably her mother.

She shook her head and then she put the phone down. I could see her shaking from several feet away. Shit.

I dropped the bat and jogged over to her.

"Aud?"

Eddie had the results, but he didn't want to tell me over the phone. He wanted to do it in person and I couldn't talk him out of coming to where I was. I gave him the address of the batting cages and he said he'd be over soon.

I could feel Will watching me, and I had no idea what I was going to say. How I was going to explain Eddie showing up.

"Aud?" His worried voice and his hand on my shoulder made me turn around.

"What's wrong? Did your mom call?" I opened my mouth, but I couldn't find my voice. I'd lost it somewhere.

"Seriously, you have to talk to me. I know you have some shitty stuff in your past, but you can trust me. You know you can trust me. I'm not going anywhere. Even if you try to break up with me, I'm always going to be there for you. No matter what. I'm your friend first. So talk to me." He'd begged me so many times to trust him, to tell him, to talk to him.

I just ... I couldn't.

"I need to sit." Will walked me a few steps backward and I collapsed on the bench. Ruined. This whole thing was ruined, and I'd been the one to ruin it.

Will rubbed my back in circles as the noise of other people hitting fake home runs and celebrating echoed around us.

I took off the batting helmet and rested my head in my hands. I'd cried earlier when Will had surprised me, but now I couldn't.

"I f**ked up, Will. I f**ked everything up. Why did you have to fall for me?" I'd asked myself that so many times.

"It's okay. Whatever it is. Remember how cool I was with the whole Eddie thing? I've told you. Whatever it is, I can take it."

I always thought his words would break my heart, but somehow it still beat in my chest. The traitor.

"I just want you to be happy," he said.

"I know you do."

He sat with me as I breathed in and out and tried to figure how I'd made such a mess of everything. I'd tried to do what I thought was right, but it had been very, very wrong.

"Audrey?" Eddie's voice hit me light a lightning bolt. I stood without intending to and walked toward him, completely ignoring Will.

Eddie already had tears streaming down his face and my traitorous heart stopped completely.

He reached for my hands when I got to him.

"I'm a match. I'm a match."

I fell into his arms and finally, finally broke.

What. The. Fuck?!? She'd run to him like he was her long lost love, returning from the dead. It was almost like a movie, minus the soundtrack and the slow motion.

I just watched as he said something to her and she threw herself on him and started crying. He cried. They cried together.

Obviously, there was much more to this story than the two of them sleeping together once. Was this what Aud said she'd screwed up?

Was she-? Were they-?

I stood and watched, unable to move, unable to go toward them and confirm the fears that had worked their way into my mind.

No, it couldn't be true. She wouldn't cheat on me. It wasn't possible. No, no, no.

I waited for hours or minutes. I wasn't sure which. It felt like both.

I watched as Eddie brushed the tears from her eyes and held her close, rubbing her back.

I watched as she held onto him as if she was lost in the ocean and he was her life preserver.

I watched as girl I loved shared a moment with someone who wasn't me.

Every time I heard the sound of a bat meet a ball in the cages around me, I pictured one of those bats hitting my heart and smashing it. Over. And over.

Audrey finally moved away from Eddie and looked over her shoulder, searching. She found my eyes and I waited.

She said something to Eddie and he let go of her. As she walked toward me, I wondered what she would say. How she would tell me. And how I would survive it.

"I ... I have something to tell you," she said, wiping her eyes again.

"Yes. You do."

He was a match. The words kept repeating over in my head constantly. Eddie was a match and Emily was going to be okay. They'd already set up an appointment for him to take some further tests before the donation could go forward, but everything was in motion.

She was going to live. My daughter was going to live and everything was going to be okay. After Eddie and I cried and he told me everything that was going to happen, I realized that I'd completely abandoned Will and he had no idea what was going on.

I turned around to find him and when I met his eyes, I realized what this looked like. I'd just been upset about screwing something up and here I was, running and hugging and crying on a boy I'd told him I'd slept with.

Shitfuck. The hurt in his eyes was palpable as I walked toward him. I had to tell him what was going on so he didn't get the wrong idea. I wished I wasn't the idiot who put it there.

"I ... I have something to tell you." A lot of somethings.

"Yes. You do." His voice was tight, and his jaw clenched so hard that I wondered if he was going to damage his teeth.

"We should go somewhere else. Somewhere quiet," I said. The noises were starting to grate on my nerves.

"So you can tell me that you've been cheating on me with this ass**le?" He threw his arm out and gestured to Eddie. Great. Now I was hurting both of them.

"I didn't cheat on you, Will. The truth is a lot more complicated."

Will laughed darkly.

"Yeah, whatever, Audrey. It's really obvious what's going on here." He started to walk away, but I grabbed his arm to stop him.

"Just let me explain," I said, as he kept walking, dragging me along.

"I don't want to hear it," he said, still walking.

"Eddie got me pregnant in high school. I had the baby and gave her to my aunt to raise but I never told him about her and now she needs a bone marrow transplant and we just found out Eddie is a match." There was no easier way to say it. A guy passing by stared at me and then turned and whispered to his friend.

Will stopped walking and faced me slowly, his eyes wide in shock. He opened his mouth to say something, but no words came out. I'd never seen him speechless before.

"W-what?" he finally stammered.

"Please, let me take you somewhere so I can explain. Please."

He just nodded.

"Okay, wait here." I put my hands up so he wouldn't go anywhere and I went and grabbed our things, including the truck keys and then took his arm and started walking toward the door.

Eddie also opened his mouth to say something as we walked by him, but I shook my head. I'd call him later and we could talk.

I got Will out to the truck and shoved him in with the balloons. His eyes were still wide and he seemed to be broken. I knew what that was like.

"You're going to be okay. I'm just going to drive us back to school and we'll talk. Okay?" He didn't respond.

"Will?"

"Uh-huh." Finally, a response. That was something. I turned the truck on and gunned it out of the lot, driving as fast as I could without breaking any major laws. I got us back to campus and parked in the lot near the dorms. Will hadn't said anything as we'd driven back, but he was blinking and breathing, so I had hope that he'd snap out of it soon.

He got out of the truck on his own, and leaned on the door and looked at the sidewalk.

"You have a baby?"

"Yes. A daughter."

He nodded and thought about that for a second.

"That's what your scar is, isn't it?" He'd finally put two and two together. I always wondered if he would. But what college guy would be familiar with a C-section scar?

"Yes. She was breech, so I couldn't have her naturally." Looked like we weren't going to make it back to my room. We were going to be doing this right here.

"How old is ..."

"She. Her name is Emily. She's sixteen months old. A year and a half." He made a choking noise and coughed a few times.

"Choked on my own spit. Holy shit, Aud. Holy f**king shit. Holy shitfuck."

"I know. It's hard for me to believe and I lived through it. Sometimes I still wonder if it was real and then I look down and see the scar and I remember. Come on upstairs with me and I'll tell you the whole story. Whatever you want to know."

He peeled himself off the truck and met my eyes.

"This was what you were hiding from me?"

"Yes."

"Why would you hide this from me?"

Now I was the one who had trouble with words.

"I don't know, Will. There were a lot of reasons. I wanted to forget about it. Thinking about giving her up was so painful, still is, that I just wanted to pretend that it didn't happen. And then I didn't know how to tell you and then I got it in my head that you wouldn't be able to deal with it and then she got sick and everything got so twisted and tangled up and I couldn't see my way out. And now here we are."

He nodded again and walked toward me.

"I want to know. I want to know everything."

"Okay," I said.

30

Daughter. The word exploded in my head like a bomb. Audrey had a daughter. She'd had a daughter. She was a mother.

Of all the things I'd thought she could be hiding from me, this had never crossed my radar. But now that I knew, I felt like an idiot. How could I not have considered that her scar could have been from having a baby? I mean, I wasn't that bad at science, and I was f**king taking anatomy right now.

She walked with me back up to her room and I tried to organize my thoughts. She'd given me a lot of information all at once and I didn't know if my brain could process it, or if it would overload and break down.

I'd gone from thinking that my girlfriend was cheating on me to finding out she'd had a kid I didn't know about and had been hiding her from me. I didn't know which question I should ask first. So I asked them all at once, but they came out like gibberish.

"Daughter? How can you have a daughter? Did your parents know? Why did you give her up? Why did you decide to have her? Is Eddie the father? You said she was sick? Why did you hide her from me? Did you think I would leave you? Why?"

"Whoa, Will. Slow down." She unlocked her door and let me in. I collapsed on her bed, unable to stand and think at the same time.

"I'll answer everything, just not all at once. How about if I just tell you what happened and then we can have a question session after?" She sat next to me and I realized how tired she looked. She'd used makeup to cover the dark circles under her eyes. I should have noticed.

"The part about me cheating on my boyfriend with Eddie was true. I just didn't tell you the part where we didn't use protection and then I got pregnant. At first, I thought about not having the baby, but then I really thought about it and I couldn't imagine not having her. But I also knew I couldn't keep her. It was ... it was a bad time. And then my parents found out and totally freaked. We had a huge fight about it. They told me there was no way was I taking the easy way out and having an abortion, which almost made me want to get one anyway, even though I'd already decided to keep her. Their plan was to force me to marry my current boyfriend and move into the basement, but I couldn't do that. So I talked to my aunt, because we'd been close. She told me that she'd take her, and that's what I agreed to do. My parents basically stopped talking to me at that point and I was pretty much on my own. I thought about telling Eddie, but then I didn't. Looking back, maybe I should have. He'd said he might not have been able to handle it, but I think he would have."

Will stared intently at me as I talked. I'd never told anyone this story before. I'd had Maria around when I'd told Eddie about everything and she'd been able to take over the narrative.

I continued my story, and a few times it felt like I was talking about someone else's life. Not my own.

When I got to the part about Emily getting sick and Maria calling me the, words started coming out so fast, I could barely breathe between them. The relief in explaining everything to Will was so sudden and so extreme that I almost started laughing. And crying. I wanted to do both.

Finally I got to the part about Eddie being a match for her and I broke down again, but this time Will held me. I got the rest of the story out, and then it was finally over.

I'd told him. He knew the truth and now I had no more secrets. I was naked and bare and vulnerable.

"I'm so sorry for lying to you, Will. I don't know what I was thinking. It was such a stupid idea and then it got out of my control and I didn't know what to do."

"It's okay." I looked up at him from where I'd had my face buried into his chest.

"What?"

"It's okay. It doesn't matter. I love you. I told you, it doesn't matter."

"But it does. I don't want you to say you're okay with this now and then always wonder if I'm hiding something from you again. I don't ever want you to throw this in my face when we have a fight. I can't live that way." I couldn't.

He shook his head back and forth, his hair whipping around.

"That's not going to happen. Do you know how relieved I am that you weren't cheating on me? That this was the thing you were hiding from me? This I can get over. I mean, I'd find away to get over you cheating on me. It would probably take some time, and probably a lot of sexual favors, but I'd do my best. But this? You having a daughter and giving her up so she could have a better life? How on earth could I hate you for that? It's just crazy for me to imagine you would have thought that I wouldn't be okay with that. Is that how you see me?"

No, it wasn't. It had been my own insecurities that had prevented me from telling him.

"It's my fault. I hated lying to you and I thought about telling you, but then I was afraid you'd get mad at me for not telling you and I was just so afraid of rocking the boat, or having something change. We were doing so well and I didn't want it to change."

He kissed my forehead.

"It's going to be okay now. Everything is going to be okay." I was out of words for the moment, so I just let him hold me.

"I'm sorry for ruining Sex Partner Appreciation Day," I said as I lay on Will's chest and listened to his heart. I had a headache from crying and my mouth was dry, but I didn't want to move from my current position.

"You didn't ruin it. Things got a little complicated, but that's life. I'm just sitting here and trying to imagine you with a daughter. It's kind of crazy to think about."

"Well, she's not my daughter, really. I mean, she'll know who I am and I plan on seeing her grow up, but Maria is her mom."

"I bet she looks like you." He shifted and ran my hair through his fingers. "I hope she gets your hair."

"I have a picture of her. Do you want to see it?" He smiled and nodded and I went to get the album from the drawer in my dresser. I'd been so afraid of him finding it just a few hours ago, and now I was showing it to him. Things changed fast sometimes.

"Oh my God, she's gorgeous, Aud." Will stared at the pictures of Emily. She was smiling in nearly every one.

"She's walking and talking. She calls me A-wee."

"That is so cute," he said, flipping the pages and laughing at the one of her at her first birthday, her face smeared with frosting.

He sighed and the happiness fell from his face.

"What is it?" He shook his head and just kept going through the album.

"No, tell me." I pulled the album away from him so he'd have to look me in the face.

"It's weird, okay? I just ... I just wish that I'd been there. That I'd somehow met you in high school and that she'd been our daughter. I know that doesn't make any sense, but she's a part of you and I want to be a part of her, too." His face was red with his confession.

"It's stupid," he muttered under his breath.

"No, it's not stupid. I understand what you mean."

"I'm not saying I want to have a kid. Like, definitely not right now. I don't even have a job. I'd definitely have to get a job." Shit, even thinking about how much money it would require to take care of a child made my head hurt.

"It's okay, Will, we're not going to have a baby right now. I've made sure of that." We didn't use condoms every time we had sex anymore, but I knew she was on the pill now, so I'd never worried that much about pregnancy. I guess I should have, though.

"But if it did happen, I'd be there for you. You know that, right?" He held my face and the intensity in his eyes was palpable.

"I know you would. And I think Eddie would have too. I just freaked out and tried to make the best decisions I could on my own. I couldn't ask my parents for help and I didn't know who else to talk to." But now I had him, and soon I'd probably have Lottie and Zan and the rest.

"Since all this happened, I've been talking to Maria a lot. It's nice to have someone in my family that doesn't think I've ruined my life."

He laughed, even though it wasn't funny at all. "Your parents are f**king crazy."

"Amen," I said.

"Can I meet her? I mean, not right now. But I'd like to meet her someday. If that's okay." He stumbled over his words.

I couldn't help but smile.

"I'd love for you to meet her. She'd fall in love with you. Like I did." I had no doubt she'd adore him.

"And I'd fall in love with her. I love every part of you, and she's a huge part. I love her already."

I had no idea he'd take it as well as he did. But that was Will. He took everything that I could throw at him, no hesitation. That was how he looked at life, though. It was so different from how I lived.

Once we'd covered all the Emily ground, I realized I still hadn't finished giving him his presents.

"So, should we try and salvage Sex Partner Appreciation Day?" I said. Will's eyes fluttered open.

"What? I wasn't sleeping. What?" I giggled at him and poked him in the chest.

"I asked if we should try and salvage Sex Partner Appreciation Day. I kind of hijacked it with my surprise daughter and everything. I still had some more stuff for you."

Will sat up.

"You did? There's more than the batting cages? That was pretty freaking awesome, by the way. You know, before ..."

"Yeah. I know. Okay, so I'm gonna need you to close your eyes and let me get everything set up."

Will climbed over me and stretched his neck out.

"How about I go down to the truck and get your balloons while you get ready?"

I nodded.

"That sounds good. But knock before you come back so you don't ruin the surprise."

He saluted me.

"Will do, Sex Partner." I kind of loved it when he called me that.

I rushed around while he was gone and set up the cake shaped like Darth Vader's helmet, the plates and cups, and the lightsaber with the big bow on it.

I had everything done by the time he knocked on the door.

"Okay, you can come in," I said, opening the door. I couldn't even see Will because there were too many balloons in front of his face.

"Where are you?" I batted them aside and finally found him.

"Okay, I'm going to come in slowly and let them go." He somehow got all the way in the room with the balloons and then let them float to the ceiling. The strings hung down and he pushed them aside to get to me.

"What did you -" He saw the lightsaber first. "Is that what I think it is?" His voice actually broke because he was so excited.

"Yes. It's got a certificate of authenticity and everything." I was about to say something else, but I was seized by two very strong arms, picked up and squeezed so hard I didn't have any breath left in my body.

"I love you, I love you, I love you," he said in my ear as he tried to hug the life out of me. This present was going to kill me.

"I can't even believe how much I love you."

"Will," I croaked. He might have broken a rib with his enthusiasm.

"Oh, shit." He set me down, but I only had a second to catch my breath before he crushed his mouth to mine and tried to kiss me senseless.

"I. Love. You." He said between each kiss before he pressed his forehead to mine and closed his eyes.

"I am the luckiest ass**le in the world," he whispered.

"Yes, you are." He laughed. "And you didn't even see the cake."

"There's cake?" His attention finally left me. For cake. But really, who could blame him?

I pointed to the cake and a sound came from him that could only be described as a fanboy squee. I'd never heard Will make that noise before, and I probably wouldn't hear it again in the near future.

"Never tell anyone I made that noise, I beg you," he said.

"Cross my heart," I said, biting my lip and trying not to laugh.

A few minutes later I had a plate of cake balanced on my stomach and Will and I were taking turns with our forks.

"You're my favorite girlfriend," he said, frosting all over his mouth. I used my thumb to wipe some of it off. He grabbed my thumb and licked the frosting off.

"So you're completely okay with me having a daughter that I didn't tell you about?" It seemed so hard to accept. It's strange how we build these excuses and walls in our heads and use them to keep people out. But then they crumble so easily into nothing.

"Yeah. I am. I mean, it's going to take some time for me to get used to it, and to think of you that way. It makes me feel a little ..."

"A little what?"

"I don't know. Young? Like, you had a baby, Aud. That's so grown-up. I can barely deal with my laundry. You created a human. I'm in awe of you." His praise made me blush.

"I'm in awe of you, so the awe is mutual. And I didn't feel very adult at the time. I felt like I'd been handed something that I didn't know how to deal with and never would. That's why I gave her up. Because I knew I couldn't grow up in time for her. Not as much as she would need."

He nodded and stole the last bite of cake before I could stop him. There was more, but I didn't want to have to get up and get it.

"What was that like? Giving her up?" I'd told Eddie the story, but it felt different telling Will.

"It was the hardest thing I've ever had to do. I don't want to ever do anything like that again. That's why I didn't want to tell you, and why I wanted to forget about it. It was just too hard to think about. But now that I've seen her, it's easier. And I know that her life is good. She's happy and she's safe."

Will moved the plate and then rested his head where the plate had been.

"So Eddie took it well?" I told him about how Eddie had called me in the middle of the night and how he'd freaked out and acted the opposite of how I thought he would.

"I guess I picked a good guy to knock me up."

Will shuddered.

"Sorry. I just wish it had been me," he said.

"Don't worry, I'm sure you'll knock me up someday." I patted his shoulder.

"Baby, I will knock you up and marry the shit out of you."

"Ooohhh, what a romantic thing to say," I said. We both laughed, his head bouncing a little on my stomach.

"But hopefully we'll be married before I knock you up. Because I'm sure my mother would kill me if I 'had a child out of wedlock'." I hated that term. My parents had used that as well.

"Or maybe not. I have no idea. My parents are weird about things," he said, shrugging.

"Well, I'd like to be married before I get knocked up again." Ideally. "And I'd also like to have a good job, and be out of school. And I'd like to have my own practice."

"With your briefcase and everything." He grinned at me.

"Yes, with my briefcase. And you'll be the athletic director at the local high school, and you'll coach the basketball team and the baseball team and all our kid's other sports teams. And I'll come to the games and sit in the stands and be proud of you."

I could see it, off in the distance.

"I like that picture." He closed his eyes.

"I like it too."

31

I'd planned to have massive amounts of insane sex on Sex Partner Appreciation Day, but I ended up falling asleep completely clothed with my head on Audrey's stomach.

The harsh trill of her phone burst me out of my dream world where I'd been coaching baseball and Audrey had been in the stands, her hand on her growing belly and a brilliant smile on her face. It had been such a good dream.

"Shit," Audrey said, reaching for the phone and causing my head to fall off her stomach. She answered it.

"Oh, hi. Yeah, no he told me in person. Yeah ... I know ... I know ... Sure. Okay ... Definitely ... Talk to you later ... Okay ... Bye." She hung up and rubbed her eyes.

"That was Maria. She just wanted to check in. I can't believe we fell asleep like this." I sat up and rested my back against the wall. We'd slept in late, but we were both exhausted. Audrey, especially.

"It's Valentine's Hangover today," I said, my voice a little hoarse from so much talking yesterday.

"Right. That's today." She ran her hands through her hair and closed her eyes.

"Is there anything I can do for you? Any way I can help?" I was a dick for not asking sooner.

"You wanna give me a shoulder massage? I could really use one right now."

"You're in luck, Aud. I may or may not have just finished a unit on muscles." I scooted until I was sitting behind her, my legs around hers. She twisted her hair and put it over her shoulder, exposing her neck. There was something so graceful about where a woman's neck met her spine. I knew which spot I could kiss and drive her wild, but that wasn't what she needed right now.

I started kneading her shoulders, working my fingers into her tense muscles.

"This might hurt a little, but it will feel better after. Promise."

She moaned a little.

"No, that feels really good." With only a few minutes of work, I could already feel her melting and relaxing against me. She moaned again when I hit a certain spot.

"Oh, that feels really good." Against my will, I could feel myself getting hard. I couldn't help it. Her moans did that to me. She dragged her hands up and down my legs, reaching back for me and throwing her head back against my shoulder.

"Thank you," she said, turning her head to the side. She backed up against me and her hands travelled further up my pants leg. Was that where this was going? I didn't want to get my hopes up, but I hadn't gotten any last night and that was sort of the point of Sex Partner Appreciation Day. Not that it was all about me. I planned on more than taking care of Aud, too. I'd recently discovered that she loved it when I -

"I want you," she said, making me lost my train of thought.

"Now?" I wanted to be absolutely sure.

"Yes. Now. Sex." She didn't have to tell me twice. I leaned back on the bed and she turned and threw herself on top of me, clawing her way up my body until our lips smashed together. This time she was the one who shoved her tongue in my mouth, who groped for my zipper, who started whispering all the dirty things she wanted to do to me.

I loved it when she was like this. I loved her when she was sweet and shy and pretended she didn't want me to do the things that she knew I knew she wanted me to. But other times she was in control and I followed her lead. This was one of those times.

"Do you want me to f**k you?" I said as she nearly ripped my shirt as she pulled it over my head.

"Yes, I want you to f**k me. With your mouth and with your cock. I want you everywhere. I don't want there to be a part of me that you haven't touched." She used to be afraid to tell me these things, but she'd gotten more and more daring. I f**king loved it so much.

"Well, I guess I can do that," I said, hooking my legs around hers and flipping us so I was on top. We usually changed positions at least twice during our sessions and I knew her enough to know that she would want to end on top, her back arched and her hair streaming down her back, my name in her mouth.

I barely got her shirt off before she pulled my c**k out of my pants and was stroking it with her hand. I fumbled with one hand in the drawer next to her bed to get the lube she'd bought and surprised me with.

She grinned and squirted a little into her palm before taking me in her hand again, gliding up and down my length.

"Fuck, that feels so good, Aud."

"I know," she said with a smug smile before scooting down and taking me in her mouth.

I couldn't really form actual words as she worked on me with her lips and her tongue and her hand.

I'd also gotten better at holding myself off and not coming too soon. It was not easy, but it made the sex so much better when we could come together. Well, at least around the same time. We'd been trying for the elusive simultaneous orgasm and had only had it a few times. Still, it gave us something to work toward. I liked having goals.

She kissed the tip of my c**k and then slid back upward, taking my hands and putting them on the waistband of her pants.

"Now it's my turn."

I unzipped her pants and yanked them over her hips. I'd gotten better at that, too. Kissing my way down her stomach, I took my time to savor every inch of her sweet skin. I loved watching how the light created shadows over the contours of her body. I took extra time with her scar, kissing every inch of it. I loved it even more now.

"You're so beautiful." I'd said it hundreds of times, but that didn't mean it was any less true than the first time I'd told her.

I settled between her legs, after kissing the inside of her thighs. Her hands wrapped in my hair, pulling just a bit. I knew she'd pull harder before this was over. I welcomed it. I welcomed the way she moaned my name and moved under me, guiding me to where she wanted me most. I welcomed how she thrust her hips against me, f**king my face.

Slow. I went slow, which she both loved and hated. It would pay off in the long run, but not before she got a little mad at me. And cursed my name and told me that she was never having sex with me again. I just grinned and kissed her clit lightly.

She wasn't cursing me when I entered her a few moments later. Well, she was cursing, but not me. She wanted fast, I took it slow, but soon our pace was equal. I watched her face and her breaths and waited for her to tell me she wanted to be on top. I didn't have to wait long until she was rolling us and then straddling me again. Sometimes she went reverse cowgirl, but most of the time I think she liked to watch my face. I loved to watch her as she let herself go and came undone above me.

Her climax came soon, and I let myself go right after.

She leaned down and kissed me while I started to get soft inside her.

"Thanks for the f**king," she said.

"Anytime, baby."

God, I loved having sex with Will. If I'd known sex with him would be so fantastic, I would have started doing it with him much sooner. And more often. I also loved the way he held me afterwards, our bodies still damp with sweat and our hearts racing.

"So we're definitely going to make up for not having sex yesterday by having as much of it as possible in the near future, yes?" he asked after we'd cleaned up.

"I think you putting your lightsaber in my ... Yeah, I can't come up with anything that makes that work," I said.

"How about my basilisk in your Chamber of Secrets?" I snorted. I loved Harry Potter sex puns.

"You can definitely put your basilisk in my Chamber of Secrets." I kissed his cheek and realized neither of us had eaten yet and I was starving. I got up and brought the entire plate of cake over to the bed, along with two forks.

"Breakfast of champions," I said, handing him a fork.

"You're awesome."

"Back atcha."

We ate naked, which led to Will smearing frosting on one of my ni**les on purpose and then proposing to lick it off. Of course I let him and that led to us abandoning the cake altogether again.

"So, are you going to tell everyone?" Will said after we'd showered and gotten dressed. I definitely had studying to do, but it was going to have to wait.

"Well, I don't see how I can avoid telling Lottie. Because you'll tell her without telling her. And then she'll tell Zan and Zan will tell Stryker and Stryker will tell Trish and Katie and then Max will know and you'll also tell Simon and he'll tell Brady, so we might as well tell them anyway," I said, catching my breath.

"That is exactly what I was thinking," Will said, throwing his towel in the hamper.

"It's like we're twins," I said.

"Dear God, no. I can only take one," he said, shuddering. "And that's bad enough.

"Just kidding." I smacked him on the ass and then grabbed his lightsaber and turned it on. It made that cool swooshing noise as it lit up.

"Whoa, be careful with that," Will said, reaching for it as if I was a child who had picked up a piece of priceless pottery and was threatening to smash it.

"Oh, are you afraid I'm going to break it," I said, swirling it in a circle. I hadn't thought about much how fun I was going to have with this particular present. The look of terror on his face was priceless.

"Just, set it down on the bed and slowly walk away. You're not trained in the ways of the Force." He put his hands up and approached me slowly. I just laughed at him, but figured I'd played the joke out long enough. I set the lightsaber down and backed away from it. Will dived toward the bed and picked it up in both hands, muttering the whole time.

"Are you talking to it?" I said, knowing the answer.

"Shhh," he said, stroking the handle of the lightsaber before he laid it back in the box and slowly, oh, so slowly, put the lid back on.

This was going to be fun.

"So do you want to do it before we eat, or after?" Will said as we pulled up at Bea's. We'd all decided to take our own cars, since we were all coming from different places.

"I don't know. I can't think about it right now." I kept twisting and untwisting my hands and I knew I was playing with my hair as well. I didn't know why I was so nervous about my friends finding out about Emily. They'd be just as cool about it as Will had been, but it still freaked me out.

It wasn't every day that you told your friends you had a secret daughter they didn't know about.

"It's going to be fine. I swear." Will gave me a kiss on the cheek and then came to open my door. I was wearing the necklace he gave me, and I'd thought about wearing the roller skates, but Will had shot down that idea.

"It's going to be good. We'll have pie, you'll tell them, they'll be fine with it, we'll have more pie. News always goes better with pie," Will said.

"Everything goes better with pie."

"Truth."

We were the first to arrive at Bea's and she had already pushed several of her tables together to accommodate our group. At least it wasn't busy, with only two other people, each at their own table.

"Well, hello there Will. Nice to see you again. And Audrey. I'm so glad you're back." She showed us to our table and we sat down and waited for the rest of the gang. Stryker and Katie were next, followed by Lottie and Zan, Trish and Max and finally Simon and Brady, who both looked disheveled. Again.

Everyone definitely had a good sex glow going on, and I wondered if I did too. Smiles were on every face, including Trish's, which was something.

"So how did everyone's day go?" Lottie said, practically sitting in Zan's lap.

We all mumbled and then laughed in unison.

"So everyone got some?" Lottie said again.

"Yes" and "hell yes!" sounded around the table.

"Good. Then a Happy Valentine's Day was had by all." Bea came over then and handed out menus. I already knew what I wanted, but I looked anyway.

"And today we have a special after Valentine's Day deal of buy one piece of pie and get a second for your lover for free." She winked when she said "lover." There was a ring on Bea's finger, and she'd talked about her husband before, so I hoped her Valentine's Day had been good as well, even though she'd been working.

"Free pie is the best kind of pie," Will said. "Isn't it?" He reached his hand under the table and squeezed my leg. "Do you want to do it now?" he said in my ear.

"I don't know. Is it a good time?"

"What are you whispering about?" Katie called across the table at normal volume.

Great.

"We were just talking about the amazing sex we had this morning," Will said, making Lottie stick her hands over her ears and start singing.

"No, we weren't. I, um, I have something to tell ... everyone. As you might know, I've had a little bit of a secret and I finally told Will, and I'm ready to tell you now. Okay. This is the third time I've told this and it hasn't gotten any easier."

Will put his arm around me and squeezed my shoulder.

"You can do it. They won't care."

I wasn't sure about that, but I was going to do this anyway.

"Okay, so I guess I should start at the beginning. Remember that guy I ran into at the frat party a few weeks ago? Eddie? And how I didn't seem to want to talk to him? Well, that's because in high school we had one drunken night which led to me getting pregnant. I ended up having the baby, a girl named Emily, and my aunt took custody of her. She needs a bone marrow transplant and I had to tell Eddie about her because no one in my family was a match. But he is a match and everything's going to be okay." It was a little more smooth than when I'd told Will, but I definitely still needed to work on my delivery.

Silence greeted the end of my speech. I risked a look around and all I saw were open mouths and shocked expressions.

You could have heard a mouse thinking. Bea came back over.

"Is everyone ready to order?"

32

I'd thought Aud would work on a better way to say it, but there didn't seem to be one except getting it all out at once. I knew a little about that.

"Okay, I'm no mind reader, but it seems like you're going to need a minute. I'll be back," Bea said, smiling and then going back to the kitchen.

"Sooo, yeah. Happy Valentine's Hangover Day," Audrey said, smiling.

"Wait. Hold on a second," Lottie said. Of course she was the first one to break the silence. "You have a daughter? Like, as in a baby? A human that you gave birth to?"

"Yes. But she lives with my aunt. I don't have custody. Her name's Emily. She's sixteen months old. I have a picture if anyone wants to see."

"Show me, show me!" Lottie clapped her hands together and Audrey got the picture of Emily out of her wallet, where it now lived.

The picture was passed around and everyone else thawed from their frozen shock.

"That was not what I was expecting," Simon said. "Not even close."

"That is some impressive secret-keeping, Aud," Stryker said, passing the picture of Emily to Katie, who squealed over it.

"I guess," Audrey said, her face turning red. "I'm sorry for lying to you. You're not mad at me, are you?" Of course she would think that. She tended to see the worst in people as a result of her shitty parents. Man, what I wouldn't do if I met them. They'd get a piece of my mind and then some.

"Why would we be mad at you?" Lottie said. Exactly.

"Because I kept this huge secret from all of you."

"Well, it's not like you killed someone and then didn't tell us. You didn't kill someone, did you?" Lottie said with mock seriousness.

"No, I didn't kill anyone. That I know of," Aud said, going for humor.

"Well, I know some people. If you need to hide a body," Stryker said. I wasn't sure if that was a lie or not. Stryker definitely knew some strange people.

The picture made its way back around the table and Audrey carefully put it back in her wallet.

"So there. That's my big secret."

"Well, we knew you had one," Trish said. "You had it written all over you. But not anymore."

"What? Do I look different?" Now that I thought about it, she did look different. Lighter. Happier. Her smile was more easy. How had I not noticed it yet?

"Yeah, you do. Lighter. Happier," Lottie said, as if she'd been reading my mind. That happened a lot with us.

"Oh. Do I?" she said to me.

"Yeah. You do."

"So who else has skeletons in their closet?" Lottie said as we all consumed our pieces of pie, trading and stealing bites from each other.

"Um, well my skeleton is that I'm g*y," Simon said.

"Me too," Brady said.

We all mock-gasped.

"NO! How could you not have told me?!" I yelled at Simon. It was just us in the place now, so we could go back to our normal volume. Loud.

Bea kept poking her head out from the kitchen and shaking her head at us.

"Stryker isn't really my name," Stryker said.

"That's bullshit, I've seen your birth certificate," Trish said.

"Okay, that's true. But it sounds like my name is fake." When I'd first met him I'd thought that either it was a fake name, or there was something wrong with his parents. I didn't know how right I'd be.

"I kissed a girl once," Katie said. "I was drunk."

"I thought that evening meant more to you," Lottie said, pretending to be hurt. "We shared a beautiful moment together and this is how you treat me?"

"I'm sorry, my love," Katie said, reaching across the table to grasp Lottie's hand.

"Yeah, I could be okay with this situation," Stryker said, nodding. I shot him a glare.

"Yeah, I'd like to keep my girl to myself. If you don't mind," Zan said, taking Lottie's other hand and kissing her knuckles. I should freaking hope so.

"Seriously, though, does anyone have any other secrets they want to get off their chest?" I said. "No one will judge you. The pie doesn't judge."

"I see how it is. I tell you my secret, but no one else wants to tell theirs," Aud said, crossing her arms and glaring at everyone. I could see her looking at her daughter like that someday when she did something wrong.

"Well, you stole the secret-telling thunder," Stryker said. "Anything else we might say, your secret trumps that."

"Okay, fine. You have a point," Audrey said. "So what now?"

"Picnic game!" Simon said. We hadn't played in a long time. We seemed to reserve it for times when we needed something to distract us, like when we'd all showed up at Katie's house for her Dad's funeral.

"I'll start then," Aud said. "I'm bringing anchovies." She turned to me.

"I'm bringing anchovies, ew, and boobs." I purposefully looked down at hers.

"I'm bringing anchovies and boobs and cupcakes," Lottie said and then it moved to Zan. We played until we were ready for more pie, which Bea brought us, on the house. I had the feeling that even though we'd all given her our debit cards for the rest of the pie that she would never run them through. She was that kind of woman.

"What a perfect Valentine's Hangover Day," Stryker said. "I had a really good idea on that one."

"Don't get too big of a head now, genius," Katie said. "I don't want to have sex with someone with a giant head."

"So I should probably do something stupid now to even things out?" She just glared at him from behind the rims of her glasses.

"By the way, nice job on the present, Aud. I highly approve," Lottie said.

"What did she get him?" Brady said.

Lottie stared at me as if she was trying to see into my mind. She rubbed her temples for dramatic effect. She already knew what I'd gotten. The same way I knew Zan had played her a song he'd written with Stryker along with a circle scarf with pages from Pride and Prejudice printed on it.

"She took him to the batting cages and bought him a lightsaber and ... ooohhh a cake shaped like Darth Vader's helmet. Very nice." She gave Aud a slow clap of applause. We all joined in and Aud blushed and begged them to stop.

"It was pretty much perfect," I said. "You're pretty much perfect." I turned to her and kissed her on the nose and everyone made "aw-ing" noises. Being around them was like always having a live audience around.

"No, you are."

We somehow recovered from the insanity of Sex Partner Appreciation Day and Will and I moved to a new level of our relationship. That secret had been a barrier between us, impeding us being close.

Even the sex was better, if that was possible.

"Holy shit. That was amazing. I don't think I can move," Will said on Monday night after a particularly intense session. I'd suggested we try something I'd been hesitant about and it had turned out ... pretty well.

"I don't think I'll ever move," I said. He rolled toward me and put his hand on my stomach. My skin still tingled in the aftermath, and soon the haze of sleep would settle over me, but I loved talking to him in these vulnerable moments.

"Are you happy?" I said, also rolling onto my side after a few tries. My body was heavy and doped up.

"Is that a rhetorical question? Because you have to know the answer. I'm dating a girl who does ... that and who also bought me a lightsaber and who told me her deepest, darkest secret. I'm the happiest guy in the f**king world right now." He smiled so big and so bright, I was afraid of being blinded.

"You're my light in the darkness. I didn't know how bright things could be before I met you." I stroked his hair and watched as the waves sprung back when I tugged on them and then let go.

"That sounds like something from a really bad poem," I said when I thought about the words that had just come out of my mouth. "I'm sorry. I guess love does that to you. Makes you sound like a terrible poet."

"I'm already a terrible poet. Zan wrote a song for Lottie, by the way. I bet it's awesome. I wish I could think of crap like that. Sorry."

I poked him in the chest, hard enough to bruise.

"You listen to me, William Robert Anders. You don't have to write me a song. You don't have to write me a poem. You don't have to do anything but keep being yourself and giving me presents like roller skates and briefcases. That's all I need. Oh, and what you just did to me. I definitely need that. Frequently."

He laughed softly.

"You have sex hair."

"So do you." I rumpled his sex hair even more and he crossed his eyes at me.

"This is nice," I said after a few minutes.

"Yeah, it is. It's different now, you know? Now that I know everything. I do know everything, right?"

"Maybe," I said with mock seriousness. He gave me a look. "Well, you can't ever know everything about someone. Then life would be pretty boring, right? But yes. You know everything that I was trying to hide from you. For whatever reason. It seemed justified at the time, but now I see how moronic it was. Hindsight, huh?"

Shifting his body, he laid his head on my stomach and looked at me.

"It was really hard not to be mad at you. I mean, I know I seemed all cool with it, but I was definitely freaking the f**k out."

I looked at him in surprise.

"Really? You're a good actor then. You seemed to just take it and run with it. I don't think I've ever seen anyone react that well to something like that. I mean, after you sort of froze for a little while, but that was to be expected. But after that you were Mr. Cool."

Will laughed.

"My head definitely wasn't. I thought it was going to explode for a while there."

"It's a lot to take in. I felt that way when I found out I was pregnant." I shuddered a little at the memory. It wasn't such a negative one anymore, but it still brought back memories of my parents' faces when I'd told them.

"I'm so sorry you had to go through that alone."

"That was my own fault. I could have told Eddie. Or I could have, you know, not had her."

Will turned that over in his mind.

"True. But you didn't. Life isn't made up of choices we didn't make. It's made of the ones that we did. You chose to do what you did because of who you are, and what you wanted for her."

"How is that you always make me sound like Mother Teresa?"

Turning his head, he kissed my bellybutton.

"You're definitely not. I think she was celibate. But you're not this terrible person you think you are. It's like your parents told you that so many times you started to believe it. I'll just have to spend the rest of our lives convincing you otherwise. I think I'm up to the challenge."

I finally checked my GPA on Tuesday after classes and it wasn't good. I'd dropped down to a 3.7, so I was out of the running for the New Year's money. Will had somehow brought his up, and he joked that he was stealing my smarts by osmosis while we slept.

For the first time in my life, I wasn't beating myself up for letting my grades fall below some sort of imaginary line I'd drawn for myself. I was a hell of a lot happier now that I wasn't spending countless hours holed up in the library by myself. My life had people in it and those people were more important than having higher grades. But I would never, ever, let my grades fall below at 3.5. I still had standards.

"We should probably have less sex and do more studying," Will said when I told him the news about my grades.

"Sex or better grades? Hmm, that's a tough decision," I said, sitting in his lap. "I think I'll take sex for $200, Alex."

"Will. My name is Will," he said, pointing to himself. "Have you been fantasizing about Alex Trebek?"

"No, I would never do that," I said, looking at the ceiling. "He's not as sexy without the moustache."

"Oh, that is it." He tossed me on the bed and made me call his name several times.

"So you never forget it," he said as waves of pleasure crashed over me.

"So, the secret is finally out," Trish as she picked me up for dinner on Tuesday night. Will had to go to a study session but he was going to drive over when he was done.

"Yes."

"How does it feel?"

"Liberating."

She nodded. "Really? No regrets?"

"Only that I didn't do it sooner." She nodded again.

"Why, you thinking about following my lead and letting your secret out of the cage?"

This time she shook her head.

"Nope. I'm pretty much okay with keeping it locked up tight. It's totally working for me so far." The truck slid a little on the slush that coated the roads from yet another late winter storm. I couldn't wait for spring, to be able to go outside without a coat, a scarf, a hat and thick boots. It took ten times longer to get dressed in the winter.

"But don't you feel like it's standing between you and getting close to other people."

"Yup. And that works for me. People suck."

I made a sound of protest. "Um, excuse me?"

"Well, most people suck. The ones I've encountered anyway." I had no idea what she was talking about, but I knew her past was rough. Rougher than mine. Stryker sometimes told us bits and pieces, but mostly they kept the past in the past. Katie knew more, but she respected their desires to keep it to herself.

"Yeah, I understand that. But letting someone in, it ..." I couldn't find a way to describe it.

"Ugh, you're starting to sound like a romance novel. Next thing you'll tell me that if you're a bird, Will is a bird." I had no idea what she was talking about.

"What the hell are you talking about?" Her face went red and she turned the radio on full volume.

"Nothing. Never mind."

My phone rang during dinner and it was Eddie, so I dashed back to Lottie and Zan's bedroom to have some privacy.

"Hey, what's up?"

"Nothing, I just wanted to call and see how you were doing. And to, um, apologize for the whole coming-to-the-batting-cages-thing. I didn't mean to be an ass in front of your boyfriend. I'd like to apologize in person. If that's okay. Are you busy right now?"

"Um, I'm actually at dinner, but I'm at a friend's. Do you want to come over? There's plenty if you're hungry."

He chuckled.

"I'm starving, actually, and totally sick of eating Ramen." I gave him directions to the apartment and then walked back out into the main room.

"What was that?" Will said, alarmed.

"Eddie wants to apologize for coming to the batting cages and for all the crazy that caused. So I invited him over for dinner." I waited for the reaction.

"Oh. Okay," Will said. "I guess. I mean, yeah, sure. I'm cool with that. Sure. Yeah." Shit. He definitely wasn't cool with it.

"It was one drunken night, Will. It didn't mean anything and it was a long time ago. He's not a bad guy, Will, you know that."

"I know, I know. It's just, hard. You know?" Everyone else seemed to be watching our interaction and reserving judgment until after Will had finished.

I leaned into his arms.

"I know it's a hard situation, but I really think you'll like him if you get to know him. And he's going to save my daughter. Don't forget that." Will stiffened and I could tell he'd forgotten about that part.

"Shitfuck, now I look like a complete ass**le. I am so sorry." He kissed me on the top of my head and I hugged him harder.

"It's okay. That's why I'm here to remind you not to be an ass**le."

Lottie sighed loudly.

"That used to be my job. I'm so happy to pass it on to someone else. I have a tiara if you'd like it, Aud."

"There's a tiara? Yes, I definitely want that." Lottie laughed and ran back to her room and came back a few seconds later with a plastic tiara with pink rhinestones. It had probably been a joke gift.

"There, I pass the custody of Will off to you. No refunds or exchanges." She jammed the tiara on my head. I pretended I was overcome with emotion.

"Thank you so much, this is so unexpected. I don't even know who to thank."

Will just rolled his eyes.

"Yeah, yeah. Enough."

"It looks very fetching on you, Aud," Stryker said.

"I want a tiara. How come she gets a tiara?" Katie whined.

"I think we should all get tiaras," I said. "Or I could just break this one into a bunch of pieces like in Mean Girls."

"NO! Don't destroy my tiara," Lottie said and we dissolved into a debate about tiaras and crowns and other random things like we usually did.

It took Eddie a while to get to the apartment, and I felt kind of bad for making everyone wait to eat dinner until he got there, but I didn't want him to feel even more awkward by walking in halfway through.

Finally there was a knock at the door and I went to answer it. The room went silent and I realized I probably should have warned him what he was walking into. Too late now.

33

I wasn't going to say that I liked the guy. I still had a little leftover animosity from when I'd thought he was sleeping with Audrey. I also had a little bit of jealousy that he'd shared something with her that I wasn't a part of. I'd told Aud that I wished it had been me with her, and I meant it. But I hadn't been with her. Eddie had, and I just had to get used to that.

I could do that. I could be civil. I could be cool.

She opened the door and Eddie walked in, his eyes going wide at the amount of people in the apartment.

"Whoa. When you said you were at a friend's, I didn't think I was crashing something." He took his coat off and Audrey hung it up on the coatrack Lottie had recently found at a discount store. It was already pretty full, but she found a space as Eddie's face went red and he shoved his hands in his pockets.

"It's my fault. I should have told you how many people would be here. Um, you know Will." He nodded at me and I got up from the couch and came over. I meant to shake his hand, but that seemed weird, and I sure as hell wasn't going to hug him. Fist bump? High five?

"Hey," I said. That seemed good enough. Right?

"Hey, I'm, um, so sorry about that whole thing. I should have just told her over the phone, but I was so excited and I wanted to share it with her. I knew she'd want to know. But when I saw you, I should have reeled it in. Sorry, man." It wasn't the best apology I'd ever gotten, but I had to admit that it wasn't his fault I'd jumped to conclusions. The whole situation was a cluster-fuck that wasn't any one person's fault. No, I wouldn't blame Aud for it.

"No worries. It was a weird situation and it's water under the bridge. I'm really happy that things turned out." He smiled a little and held out his hand, so I shook it.

Audrey relaxed next to me and a smile lit up her face.

"Okay, now that's over with, you can meet everyone else." She led Eddie around the room, introducing him to everyone.

"So, uh, I guess you all know about our daughter." They all nodded in unison like bobbleheads. Sometimes I wondered if we spent too much time together and we'd ceased to be individuals and just become like bees, with a hive mind.

"Yeah, I told them all. So, um, you can sit wherever you want. Dinner is in a few minutes and, um, yeah," Aud said, sensing the awkwardness of the situation. It definitely was. No way of getting around it.

"This is awkward," Eddie said as he sat on one of the spare chairs Lottie kept for when we all had dinner.

"I like him. He states the obvious," Trish said. I'd never heard such a ringing endorsement from her before.

"Uh, thanks," Eddie said.

"Eddie goes to Pine State College," Audrey said, trying desperately to make things less awkward.

"I have a cousin who goes there," Simon offered.

"Oh, yeah? What's his name?"

"Bertram Stevens?"

"Bert? Hell yeah I know him! He lives down the hall from me." The chances of you knowing someone's cousin in Maine were high. It was like one gigantic small town. Eddie and Simon started talking about Bert and soon the tension broke and Eddie was absorbed into the group.

"Thank God," Audrey said under her breath. Once Eddie got comfortable, we got dinner going, which was spaghetti carbonara (with and without bacon), garlic asparagus and chocolate pudding for dessert.

Eddie got in line behind me and I felt the need to further explain that I was cool with him and Audrey and the whole situation.

"I'm really sorry I overreacted, but I thought Aud was cheating on me, because she always had this secret and she told me the part about you sleeping together, but not the part about the baby, and so my imagination got the better of me, but that's not your fault. So I just wanted to, ah, clear that up." I hadn't rambled too bad, but his face was blank for a second.

"Yeah, it's clear. We're cool." He slapped me on the shoulder and I almost dropped my plate.

"Sorry," he said.

"It's cool."

I wanted to dislike Eddie, to justify my initial reaction to him, but I couldn't. Audrey was right, he wasn't a bad guy.

He was funny as hell, and he really felt bad about being a douche in his younger years. He also cared a lot about Aud and Emily, which I couldn't hate him for either. I probably would have been suspicious of him if he hadn't cared about her. How could you not care about Audrey? It was impossible. Sure, I was partial, but it was also true.

The talk moved back around to the fact that our group of friends was all a bunch of couples and Trish asked Eddie if he had a girl.

"Or a guy. We celebrate all kinds of love here," Simon said, glaring at Trish, who rolled her eyes. Eddie's face went red.

"Yeah, I guess you could say that I was 'playing the field' for a while there." He even used air quotes.

"So what you're saying is you were one of those ass**les who date a bunch of girls at once and didn't really care about any of them," Katie said. She had a little bit of a sore spot when it came to guys doing that to girls, and for good reason. But her ex, Zack, was in a class by himself. There was a very special place in hell for guys like that, and I had no doubt Satan was keeping it nice and warm.

Eddie looked down and his face went red again. I'd never seen a guy blush so much.

"But that was before I knew about Emily, and then I realized that all those girls were people, and what if some guy did that to her? I'd f**king kill him. So, I stopped. Now I don't even know what to do because it's like I don't know how to date like a normal guy."

"Wow," Lottie said. "That's kind of f**ked up. You can definitely hang out with us." She grinned at him and put her fist out. He gave her a reluctant fist bump. "You can only hang out with this group if you're a little f**ked up. You should also be a little of a nerd. It doesn't matter what about," she explained.

"Great. That's, um, awesome." Audrey just shook her head at Lottie.

"What? I'm just giving him the truth. I mean, look at us. We're a bunch of weirdoes that managed to find each other. Well, with the exception of me and Will, and Stryker and Trish. Cuz, you know, we're related and all. Anywho, welcome, Eddie. You may join our family of weird. If you want. You don't have to. But I thought I'd give you an open invitation. Totally up to you." Eddie gaped a little at Lottie.

"She does that. So does Will. It takes a little getting used to," Zan said. Eddie nodded.

"Who wants pudding?" Audrey said, getting up and going to the kitchen.

"So this was great," Eddie said when it was just him, me, Aud, Lottie and Zan left. "I really appreciate you letting me come over."

"You're welcome to continue to come over. We eat either here, or upstairs every night around six. I know it's a drive, but we can wait for you if you want." Lottie said as Zan cleaned up the kitchen.

"Yeah, about that. I'm, um, transferring to DU," Eddie said.

"You are?" Audrey said. I tensed up a little. He said he wasn't into her, but this seemed awfully coincidental.

"Yeah, I've been thinking about it for a while. I went to PSC because it was cheap at the time, but my grades are good enough that if I transfer, I'll get a few scholarships, and they have a better computer science program here anyway."

"Computer science! You're definitely a nerd then," Lottie said with glee.

"Yeah. Just keep that on the down-low," Eddie said, leaning close. Lottie laughed and I could tell he liked her too. Well, he was just winning everyone over, wasn't he? No, I wasn't jealous.

"So, anyway, if everything goes right with my transfer paperwork, I'll be moving up here. I've got a buddy that has a spare room. It's actually just up the road, so I could probably walk if I wanted to when the weather gets warmer."

"That's great," Audrey said, but her voice didn't sound as happy as it should. Or maybe it did to everyone else except me. I knew more about her tone of voice and what it said about how she was feeling than probably I did about my own.

"Aud? You gonna be ready to go soon? I have to get back so I can work on those notecards." It was like we'd somehow switched personalities because she'd always been the studious one, and now the roles were reversed.

"Yeah, sure. I also have a bunch of stuff I need to get caught up on."

"And I should probably go as well. Thanks for the dinner and it was nice to meet everyone. I'll let you know when I'm back up in this neck of the woods," Eddie said, getting his coat and putting it on. I got mine and Audrey's and we all walked out together.

"That was fun. I like your friends. A lot better than mine, actually. They don't really get it. One even said that I should get a paternity test." He shuddered and I almost wished the guy was standing in front of us so I could beat the shit out of him.

"They don't get it, you know? They don't understand." Audrey nodded and I found myself nodding as well.

"But you all. You get it." He swung his keys around in his hand. "I don't know, it's different. I'm glad I came." Audrey gave him a hug and told him to text her when he got home so she knew he was okay. We got in my truck and she sighed.

"I don't know how I feel about him moving up here. That's weird, right? I mean, just the timing," she said. I turned up the heat as far as it would go and she pressed her fingers into the vents.

"Yeah, it's a little suspect. You don't think he's making a play for you, do you?" God, I hoped not. Because I would want to kill him. Even if he was her daughter's biological father. I wouldn't have to, though, because she'd never go for him. Right?

"No. No. Definitely not. I just think his life has changed and it's easier to be around people he has something in common with."

There was an awkward pause and I tried to think of something to say to change the subject, but Aud did it for me.

"So, I went online and I found this support group for people who have given their children up for adoption. It's an hour away, but I think I might like to go. Would you come with me?" She seemed hesitant to ask, as if I'd say no.

"Absolutely. I want to be part of this," I said.

Exhaling as if a weight had been lifted off her shoulders, she smiled.

"Maria texted me that if I wanted to come see Emily this weekend, that would be okay. If you're ready for that." I'd been waiting for her to ask me this very thing and now that she had, I was f**king terrified.

"Uh, yeah. I'm ready. I want to meet your daughter. Totally ready."

She lifted her head and stared at me.

"That didn't sound very convincing at all."

"No, no I do! I really do. I'm just scared. What if she doesn't like me? And who am I? What does she call me?" Audrey tipped her head back and laughed.

"What's so funny?"

"That's almost exactly what I thought when I was on my way to meet her the first time. I was also irrationally afraid of her hating me. You know, for giving her up. But she's still a baby, Will. At this point, she loves everyone. And no one could ever hate you. You're un-hate-able. But you should probably bring a present, just in case. She loves presents."

"What would she like?" I had very little experience with babies. Lottie used to babysit for extra cash in the summers, but I'd steered clear of that line of work as much as possible.

"Balloons. She loves balloons," she said with a smile.

"Like mother, like daughter."

"Something like that."

Will took meeting Eddie again better than I thought he would. Given some time, I thought they might even become friends. I hadn't noticed how similar their personalities were until they were side-by-side.

I still didn't know how I felt about Eddie and me being at the same school. But I was definitely better at dealing with seeing him now than I would have been a few months ago. I wouldn't have been strong enough to handle it then.

"So you're sure these are okay?" Will said for the thousandth time that morning as we drove away from the part supply store. We'd gotten pink and purple and yellow and green balloons. I'd protested when he tried to use the New Year's money he'd won a few days ago, but he insisted.

"Because she shouldn't have to play with pink balloons just because she's a girl. Unless she likes pink, in which case, she's covered." I laughed at him and gave him a kiss. He deserved it.

We took his truck since we were meeting Eddie at the house after he was done with a few more tests at the hospital. I was smug that I got a little extra time with Emily, but he was getting to see her again next week because he had another hospital visit. The process to get him ready to donate bone marrow was complicated and took several weeks. He still hadn't told his parents, but he'd informed his professors and had gotten doctors' notes to miss class.

"I'm freaking out. I gotta be honest," Will said a few minutes later. "I'm freaking out." I put my hand on his shoulder and saw he was gripping the steering wheel for dear life.

"She's a little girl, Will. I told you. She loves everyone and if you give her the balloons, she'll love you even more. Trust me."

He gave me a jerky nod.

"Are you sure you don't want me to drive?" I asked for the millionth time.

"No, no. I got this."

"Do you not trust me to drive your truck?" I said, sitting up.

"No, I trust you," he said, his eye shifty.

"Hey, it's not my fault about last time, there were too many balloons and you were freaking out and I was worried. You can't judge my driving based on that one performance. Besides, I know where we're going."

"I have GPS and it's my truck. I win."

"Is it because you think women can't drive?" He gave me a look.

"No, it's because this is a very sensitive piece of machinery that requires a deft hand to manage and I've had years of practice. Hell, I barely let my sister drive this thing, and she's my twin." He did have a point there.

"Fine, fine." I slid over as much as I could, hitting the balloons out of my way. The ones in my dorm room were still hovering near the ceiling. I had no idea how long the helium would keep them aloft, but I was interested in finding out. I was also going to flatten them and keep them in what I called my secret Box of Will.

I tried to make conversation with him, but he didn't seem to want to talk, so I just stared out the window and tried not to cringe every time he changed the radio station. He finally settled on the country station and I hummed along to "Follow Your Arrow" by Kacey Musgraves.

The trip seemed to take forever, but maybe that was because Will drove slower than his usual ten miles over the speed limit.

The GPS told us to turn into Maria's driveway, which Will did, and then he turned off the truck.

"I can do this," Will said, and I was reminded of how I'd felt when I'd been on my way to meet Emily for the first time. At least he had a picture, so he knew what she looked like.

"It's going to be fine. Calm down." I tried to make him laugh, but didn't succeed.

"But she's your daughter. She's a part of you. I'm just scared."

"I was too. But as soon as you see her, that fear will fade. Trust me. I know these things." I got out of the truck and opened his door taking his hand and leading him toward the front of the house. He had the balloons held tight in his other hand.

It was deja vu, but this time, I knew what to expect.

I knocked on the door and heard Maria talking to Emily, and Emily babbling back.

"Ready?" I said, squeezing Will's hand.

"No," he said but the door opened anyway.

34

I guess you can never prepare yourself to meet your girlfriend's daughter for the first time. When the door opened and I saw her face, it took everything me not to cry. She was just so beautiful and she looked so much like Audrey.

And then she held her chubby little hand out and screamed

"Boons! Boons!"

"Yes, more balloons. If we're not careful, the house is going to float away like in that movie," Maria said. I could see the family resemblance to Audrey. She smiled brightly at me and stood back to let us in the house.

"It's so nice to meet you, Will. I must say, if you're trying to win points for coming and meeting Emily, you've definitely done that." She laughed and I wasn't sure how to take it. I was so f**king nervous.

"I'm not trying to win points. I just ... I wanted to see her."

"He's nervous," Audrey said and Maria nodded as Emily squirmed in her arms, trying to reach for the balloons that hovered out of her reach.

"Boons! Boons!" Her cries were getting more desperate and I was terrified she was going to cry, so I yanked on the balloon strings to bring them down to her level.

"Here you go," I said. How did you talk to a kid? Women were always using baby voices, but that seemed weird and almost patronizing. I mean, she was a baby, not an idiot.

"Boons!" she yelled again, trying to hug one, but it slipped out of her grip.

"Yes, balloons. Let's take them into the living room so we can all sit down." Maria led the way and I followed, still holding the balloons so they didn't float upward again.

"You're her new favorite person," Maria said as she sat down on the couch with Emily. I let Audrey sit next to her and I sat on the other side.

"That's what I told him, but he didn't believe me," Audrey said. "Hi, Emily." She leaned down and waved at Emily, who was still trying to hug one of the balloons and not succeeding.

"Do you remember Audrey? She brought you the bear last time. Can you say hi?" Maria said to Emily, who looked up at her, furrowing her forehead in the cutest way. It reminded me of how Aud looked when she was writing a paper and it wasn't going well.

Emily finally cracked the biggest baby smile.

"A-wee!" She held her little hands out and tumbled into Audrey's lap.

"A-wee," she said, putting her little arms around Aud's neck.

And that was when I cried.

Maria just handed me a tissue without a word as Aud set Emily down on the floor and they started playing.

"There must be some ninjas cutting onions somewhere in this room," I said as I wiped my eyes.

"It's probably allergies," Maria said with a smile.

"Probably."

I was able to keep my crying to a minimum and I even got down on the floor to play with Emily as Maria and Audrey talked. Eddie came about an hour after we got there, looking tired.

"Well, if you're modest, don't donate bone marrow. They want to know everything about everything and they ask it five times. They also take enough blood to feed a starving vampire. He rubbed his forearm and grimaced, but his face lit up when he saw Emily.

"Hey girl, hey," he said in a soft voice. He crouched down and waved to her.

"Say hi to Eddie, Emily," Maria said. Emily looked surprised that there were so many people watching her.

"Eddie," she finally said. He held his hand out and she smacked it with hers.

"Good job, kid."

"Emily, can you say Will?" Maria said.

Emily looked confused so I pointed to myself.

"Will." Then I pointed to Audrey and said her name, and then to Eddie.

"Will," I said, pointing to myself again. I could see the wheels turning in her head. She was smart like her mother. And her father, from the sounds of it.

"Wi," she finally said and I gave her a high five. She said it again, a huge smile on her face. I gave her another high five.

"Here we go again," Maria said, sighing.

"Wi! Wi!" Emily shrieked. I would never, ever get tired of hearing that.

Watching both Eddie and Will with Emily made my heart feel so full, I was sure at any moment it would burst.

Despite my best efforts to derail my own life, things had come around and were okay. Better than okay. I couldn't remember ever being this deliriously happy. We weren't out of the woods yet with Emily, but I knew, just as I knew the first time I met Will that I would fall for him, that she would be okay. I had absolute faith.

I also knew that things with me and Eddie were always going to be a little complicated, but he had a good heart and we'd work through them. And he would always be the guy who saved Emily's life. Always.

And Will. My glorious Will. The guy who stood by my side through everything. The one who lit up my life like a disco ball and made me feel things I didn't want to let myself feel. He was still here, making Star Wars jokes and rambling when he got nervous and being kind not because he knew he should, but because that was just who he was. We had decided to move in together next year. There was couple's housing on campus, and if we both worked hard this summer, we could afford it. Simon and Brady were also going to be shacking up together, even though they denied it. We could all read between the lines.

My life, which had once seemed so bleak was full of sunshine and light and laughter and love. Always love. So much love I had.

