CHAPTER 1

"You going to stand out here all night?"

Devon lifted an eyebrow, sliding silently out from around the tree. Chris turned to him, shaking his head slightly. Though Chris hadn't known exactly where Devon was, he had known that he was there. "If that's what it takes."

Chris rolled his eyes as he shoved his hands in his pockets and came across his front yard toward Devon. "Cassie will be pissed if she knows you're watching over her."

"She already knows." Chris's dark blond eyebrows shot up questioningly, he turned slightly back to Cassie's house. "She may not want it to be true, but we are still connected. Though it was only a few drops her blood is still inside me. There has always been a bond between us, there always will be. How is she?"

Chris glanced at Cassie's house, his face darkened. They had buried her grandmother today, the only family Cassie had left in this world, and the only woman that had given Chris even an ounce of love and caring. "The same," he muttered. "Unfortunately."

Devon knew exactly how Chris felt. Since her grandmother's murder Cassie had been withdrawn, furious, and lost. She had turned against the one's she loved, especially him, wanting nothing more to do with him, or his love for her. It was a fact that broke his non beating heart, but he could not find it in himself to blame her for it. He hated himself for what had been done to her and her family. He may not have killed her grandmother, but this was his fault.

He had helped turn Julian into the monster that he was, had helped to mold him into a vicious killer. And when Devon had turned against his kind, spurning human blood, Julian had been infuriated with his decision and determined to turn Devon back, or exact his revenge. Julian had come to this town in search of Devon, and had discovered Cassie, Chris, and Melissa; three Hunter's that had managed to survive The Slaughter. It was Julian that had discovered and destroyed Cassie's grandmother. Devon himself had thought The Hunter line extinct, he was glad to know that he had been wrong.

"Well, are you going to stand out here in the snow and cold all night, or do vampires not feel the cold?" Chris asked quietly.

"We feel it," Devon replied with a wry smile. "The same as you."

"Good to know, why don't you come in. You can be scary stalker guy from my porch."

"Scary stalker guy?"

Chris grinned at him, but his smile did not reach his haunted, sapphire eyes. "Yeah, you're definitely getting there."

Devon scowled at him but he followed Chris as he trudged through the snow to his porch. The beat up screen door squeaked as Chris opened it. "Come on in," Chris invited.

Devon stomped his shoes off before entering the porch area, though once he got inside he didn't know why he had bothered to clean them off. The worn floorboards, and sagging wood, were covered with a layer of dirt. It was obvious that Chris's mother didn't have the money for upkeep, or feel like being bothered to clean. Devon's gaze fell on the bags of cans and bottles piled in the corner, cases of empty beer bottles sat next to them. Quirking an eyebrow, he realized that she would have a lot more money if she bothered to return the mountain, which he realized now was the source of the smell. No wonder Chris had spent so much time at Cassie's house, Devon wouldn't want to spend much time here either, and he had only made it to the porch. Devon didn't even want to imagine what the rest of the house looked like.

He turned back to the storm glass in the screen door, his gaze focused sharply on Cassie's house. He didn't want to be out of sight of it. "Don't worry; you can see her house from here." Devon raised an eyebrow as Chris strode over and pulled the cord on a set of curtains, revealing a few small windows in the enclosure. Chris grinned at him, grabbed an old chair and shoved it in front of the window. "Make yourself comfortable, I'm going to put on a pot of coffee. I don't suppose I could interest you in any."

Though he didn't need the liquid, he wouldn't mind the warmth. "Coffee sounds good."

Chris's eyes widened in surprise, his mouth parted slightly. "You can drink it?" he blurted out.

Devon couldn't help but grin at him. "I may not need it to survive, but it's not going to hurt me."

Chris grinned sheepishly before nodding and ducking through the doorway. Devon leaned forward in his seat, folding his hands before him as he stared at Cassie's house through the dirty windows. The light in her room was off, but she was still awake. He could feel her presence, the anger and hurt that filled her. He ached for her, desperately wished that he could hold her, or that he could somehow take it all back. But he couldn't do either of those things, so he had to settle for making sure she didn't do something crazy, like getting herself killed. That was not going to be easy.

Cassie appeared suddenly at her window, her hands fumbled hastily with the latch as she shoved and pushed angrily at the glass. Devon rose swiftly, prepared to go and stop her. Prepared to drag her kicking and screaming back into the house if that was what it took. She hated him already; he didn't care if she hated him even more as long as it kept her safe. Hell, if it came down to it he would handcuff her to her bed in order to keep her safe.

Cassie finally flung the window open, leaning swiftly out she inhaled deep, gasping breaths of the chilly night air. Her hands clung to the sill, her hair spilled in long golden waves before her. She was shivering fiercely, but he was certain that it was not from the cold. Shuddering again, she hung low over the window, gasping fiercely as she slipped to her knees, clinging to the window.

Devon's hands fisted as he fought the urge to go to her, to hold her and console her.

"She's not crying."

Devon turned, surprised to find Chris standing beside him. He had been so focused on Cassie that he hadn't noticed Chris's return. "How can you be sure?" Devon demanded gruffly.

Chris turned to him, his gaze bearing that haunted look that seemed to shimmer permanently in his sapphire eyes now. Devon was beginning to hate that look, mainly because it seemed as if Chris was losing hope with Cassie. And if Chris lost hope then he didn't know what he was going to do. For so long Chris had been Cassie's shoulder to lean on. For so long, they had been all that the other had. No, Chris could not lose hope for her, because if he did, then Devon might have to admit that all hope was lost.

"She doesn't cry, or at least she hasn't yet. She's too angry for that. The hurt's not getting through." Chris handed him a cup of coffee, steam spiraled slowly up from it. "I figured you would be a black kind of guy."

"I am. If she's not crying, then what is she doing?"

"Trying to breathe." At Devon's questioning glance, Chris waved briefly to the window. "It's too much anger, too much hatred; she doesn't know how to handle it. She can't breathe through it."

"I see."

"I don't." Chris pulled up another chair, sitting down he blew lightly on his coffee as he propped his feet up. "She thinks that she can push us all away, but she's wrong. I don't get how she doesn't understand that. You do know that she has a death wish right?"

A chill swept down Devon's spine, anger spurted through him. He knew that what Chris said was true, but it was not a thought that sat well with him. He would do everything in his power to keep that from happening. She would survive this, even if she didn't want to. "Yes," he managed to grate through clenched teeth.

Chris sipped his coffee, staring out at the night. Devon slowly returned to his seat, ready to take off again if Cassie tried to escape. She didn't though. Eventually she retreated back to her room, sliding and locking the window behind her. Devon sighed in relief, relaxing slightly.

"That's not Cassie you know."

Devon glanced sharply at Chris, worry bubbled swiftly up. Had Chris sensed something inside of her, something off? And if so, what exactly had he sensed? Did Chris know something about what he and Luther had been searching for? "What do you mean?"

Chris shook his head, taking another sip of coffee. "She's just not the same Cassie I've always known. That Cassie," he said, nodding toward Cassie's vacated window. "Is so full of anger and hatred." He shook his head again, seemingly trying to shake off the lingering feelings that clung to him. "I've known her my entire life, but I've never known her like this. I never thought that she could even be capable of it. But I guess we never know what people are capable of, do we?"

Devon leaned forward, his gaze still focused on Cassie's window, his mind on Chris's words. "No, we don't."

"She'll come around you know. She'll realize that this isn't your fault."

Devon turned toward Chris. He was silent for a moment as he thought over Chris's words and his own role in everything that had happened. "Isn't it though?"

"No." Chris set his coffee mug down. "It's no one's fault, unfortunately things just happen and we can't always stop them. You didn't kill Lily."

"I helped to create the monster that did, and I did create Isla," Devon said softly. Julian had once been his best friend and greatest companion, but was now his greatest enemy. Devon had enjoyed helping to make Julian a murderous psychopath. Isla, well Isla he had simply enjoyed. He shrank away from the reminder of what he once been, what he had once enjoyed, and that relationship. Isla was exactly the twisted individual that he had once desired immensely.

Though Isla had not killed Lily, for only Julian would have known of Lily's relationship to Cassie, Devon was certain that she had helped in Lily's demise. "I'm the reason that he is here. That they are both here."

Chris was silent for a moment as he swayed lightly in his chair. "But you did not kill Lily."

Devon turned away again, his forgotten coffee clutched tightly in his hands. "Splitting hairs," he muttered.

Chris sighed softly, his impatience with Devon evident on his face. "The truth is that it's not you that she's really mad at."

Devon frowned fiercely. "Of course it is."

Chris leaned forward; reaching out to take the mug from Devon's clenched hands. He released it slowly, dimly realizing that he had cracked it from holding it so tight. Coffee dripped down the side of the crack. "No, it's not. She's mad at herself, she's mad that she wasn't there to stop it. She's mad that she was with you that night, instead of with her grandmother. She's mad that she didn't see it coming, that she didn't realize that Julian, or Isla, would go after her grandmother. It's not you that she hates; I don't even think she truly hates Julian."

Chris broke off, his eyes bright in the light of the moon. His face was intent, his gaze still incredibly lost and lonely. Though Chris was far younger than he, Devon suddenly sensed a wealth of wisdom in him that was frightening as well as slightly unnerving.

"It's herself that she hates right now. That is who she is truly angry at, who she truly hates. That is what is at the root of her desire to die. She hates herself so much that she doesn't want to keep going. She hates herself so much that she doesn't want anyone's love right now. Not yours, not mine, nobody's. She doesn't feel she deserves it. Not anymore."

Devon sat in stunned silence, his gaze rapidly searching Chris's face. Confusion swirled through Devon, doubt and worry swamped him. Though the two of them had developed a friendship of sorts, Devon had always suspected that Chris was in love with Cassie. Why would Chris want to help him by telling him this stuff now? Why would Chris give him hope that Cassie would come back to him, once she sorted through the emotions and pain swamping her?

"Why are you telling me this?" he asked softly.

Chris frowned at him, his eyes shadowed by the dark circles beneath them. "To help you understand."

"But why?" Devon demanded. "With me out of the picture, you can make your move on her."

Though the thought made his blood boil, it was something that needed to be said, and explained. Chris's eyes widened, his mouth parted in surprise, and then (to Devon's vast annoyance) he began to laugh loudly. "Make a move on Cassie!?" he sputtered in disbelief.

Devon frowned fiercely at him. "Yes."

Chris's laughter died off, but his eyes still twinkled with amusement. "You think that I'm in love with her!"

Devon's annoyance grew as he shifted angrily in his chair. Despite their strange friendship, he was very close to punching the maddening grin off of Chris's face. "Well, aren't you?" he growled.

"Good God no!" he cried, laughter bursting from him once more. "That would be like being in love with my sister." He managed to gasp out between bouts of laughter. "You really thought that I was in love with her!?"

Devon's fierce scowl only caused him to laugh harder. Chris nearly toppled from his chair as he rocked backward, holding his belly. Slowly he began to regain control of himself, chuckling softly as he leaned forward in his chair again. "You acted like it, in the beginning," Devon amended.

Chris brushed back a strand of unruly sandy blond hair from his eye. "I was worried about her; I was frightened that she would be hurt by you. Until you arrived Cassie had never felt anything for anyone, and I wanted her to go slow, and take it easy. I just didn't want her to rush into something, when she had no idea what she was getting into." Chris snorted as he ran a hand through his disheveled hair. His eyes were mischievous when he turned his attention back to Devon. "Hell, none of us knew what we were getting into with you."

Devon shook his head at him. "Thanks," he muttered.

"No problem." Chris grew silent for a few moments, his foot tapped lightly on the wooden boards. "I have never felt anything at all romantic for Cassie, and I never will. What you two feel for each other is something so good and true that it has to be able to beat what she is going through. It has to be able to push past her walls and save her, again. In fact, I know that it can, and it will."

Devon slowly digested this information as he leaned back in his chair. Chris did not love her. It was a strange thing to realize, it was even stranger to realize that he had long ago come to accept the thought that Chris was in love with her. It had not bothered him, he had not been jealous. Cassie had been his, then. He had known that her heart belonged to him, that he was all she would ever want.

Things were different now. She was no longer his, and he was relieved that Chris did not love her. Devon didn't need the competition now, and he was surprised to realize that he didn't want their odd friendship to be affected by it.

Slowly, he turned his attention to Cassie's window again. With his mind he reached out to her, making sure that she was still present and accounted for. He brushed briefly against her mind, coming up against a wall of fury that was stunning in its intensity. The fact that Chris said it was directed at herself was enough to make his stomach turn. He would have much preferred that it be directed at Julian, or even himself. It broke his heart.

His head bowed, he took a deep breath as the weight of the world seemed to rest upon his shoulders. "There has to be something that we can do," he whispered.

"Time," Chris answered. "I think time is the only answer. She needs time to come to terms with everything, time for her to realize that she is not to blame."

"What if there isn't enough time?"

Chris bit his bottom lip nervously as he shook his head. "We're going to have to make sure that there is."

Devon leaned back in his chair, folding his arms on his stomach as he glanced at Chris again. He was surprised to realize that Chris was perhaps the first true friend he had ever had. It was a weird thing to realize. It was a weird thing to have. But Chris was on his side. Devon didn't fool himself into thinking that Chris would choose him over Cassie, but Chris would fight for him, and he would not turn against him. It was a good thing to know. And it was something that he was exceptionally grateful for.

"Thank you," he said softly.

Chris flashed him a smile. "Don't go getting all sentimental on me you big bad vamp." Devon chuckled softly, propping his feet up beside Chris's. Though he would have preferred to have been in Cassie's bed, curled up next to her, this was far better than standing outside in the cold. At least he wasn't alone here. "You know, before all this happened, I had thought that she would end up joining you."

Devon started in surprise, nearly toppling out of the chair as his sudden movement jolted it sharply. "What!?"

Chris grinned at him as he shrugged absently. "I thought that she would join you in the end. I'm not a fool, I see what goes on between you two, and no matter how hard I try to keep the emotions blocked out, some things slip through. I know how hard it is for you to be around her. I know you fear you will hurt her."

Devon stared unblinkingly at him, unsure what to say, unable to believe what Chris was saying to him. "You don't think I would hurt her?"

Chris shook his head, messing his shaggy hair up even more. "Not at all. I think you love her more than even you realize. You wouldn't hurt her."

Devon couldn't move as shock held him riveted. "And it wouldn't have bothered you if she decided to join me?"

Chris smiled wryly at him. "Before I met you I would have destroyed her myself, if such a thing had happened to her. Even though it would have killed me to do so. But now I know you, and I know that she will not be a monster. All I want is for her to be happy, and you make her happy."

"Not anymore," Devon mumbled.

Chris shrugged absently. "It will work out."

Devon wished that he could believe him, but he wasn't too sure himself. "She didn't want to join me."

Chris's frown intensified. "You talked about it?"

Devon nodded, leaning forward he clasped his hands before him, trying hard not to recall the horrified look on Cassie's face when he had broached the subject with her. "Yes."

Chris started in surprise, his eyebrows drew sharply together. "She never mentioned it."

"She had made up her mind not to join me. She probably felt there was no need to mention it."

Chris was silent for a minute, his eyes distant as he thought over Devon's words. "She will come around."

Devon chuckled softly as he turned to him. "Are you always this optimistic?"

Chris grinned back at him. "No, I just know how she feels about you..."

"Felt."

Chris's eyes narrowed upon him. "No, it is how she still feels; it's just buried beneath self hatred and grief right now. She just needs time to work it all out. I know Cassie as well as I know myself. I know she's still in there somewhere and that she will come back. She has to come back."

"And if she doesn't?"

"Are you always so pessimistic?" Devon couldn't help but smile at him as he shook his head. "I can't let myself think like that. I just can't. It means that I've lost her too, and right now I can't deal with that. So yes, I have to believe that Cassie will come back to us, you should too."

Devon ran his hand through his hair, nodding slowly as he mulled over Chris's words. He was right; Chris had to have hope that Cassie would come back to him. However, Devon knew it was better if he didn't. He could not allow himself to have such hope, not when he knew that Cassie's decision was probably for the best. In the long run they could not be together, and there was a good possibility that he would end up hurting her, no matter what Chris believed. No, Chris needed his hope, but Devon couldn't share it. He couldn't crush it either.

"Why didn't she want to join you?" Chris asked softly.

Devon shrugged absently. "Her parents, and now her grandmother, have all been killed by vampires. She was bred to hate what we are. You were all created to destroy my kind."

"Yes, but she doesn't have to be a murderer like them."

"I know that, and so does she, but it's still frightening to her. Plus, she would also have to give up the sunlight, the warmth and wonder of its rays."

Chris was silent for a moment. "Eventually she could return to it though."

"Maybe, but she would have to spend hundreds of years in the dark with no guarantee that she could ever go back into the light. Just because two of us have been able to do it does not mean that others will be successful."

Chris nodded as he placed his coffee cup down. "That would be awful for her, but I'm sure she would adjust."

"There will be no need for her too."

Chris smirked at him as he shook his head. "Man you're depressing."

Devon grinned back at him. "There's nothing more depressing then being dead, which I am."

Chris laughed as he nodded his agreement. The soft patter of footsteps turned both their heads toward the door. Chris's mother was shuffling through it, her hand rested on the doorframe as she steadied herself, the ice in her glass of scotch rattled as she moved. "Christopher, what are you doing here? I thought you would be staying with Cassie, and your people."

Chris stiffened; his feet plopped loudly on the floor. "Luther and Melissa are with her. I thought it best if I returned home."

"Oh, this is your home now. You never act like it. In fact it's more like a stopping ground where you keep your clothes."

"Mom..."

"I have company," she interrupted sharply.

"Of course you do," Chris mumbled.

"What did you just say!?" she demanded, her voice taking on a near hysterical edge.

"Nothing mom."

"Don't you talk to me like that! I gave you life, I created you! I took care of you even after I discovered what abominations you and your bastard of a father were!"

Devon sat in stunned silence. Chris's face colored in shame, his eyes darted briefly to Devon as his head bowed down. His look in Devon's direction caught his mother's attention as she finally realized that Chris was not alone. She turned toward Devon, her eyes widened in surprise as the furious, alcohol induced glaze slipped swiftly from them. Disgust twisted through Devon as lust bloomed heavily from her.

"You didn't tell me you had a friend here," she hissed to Chris.

Chris's jaw locked tight, his eyes narrowed as his nostrils flared slightly. She might well be one of the most repulsive women Devon had ever come across as she sauntered slightly forward, swaying her hips invitingly. "You didn't give me a chance," Chris said softly.

She chose to ignore him as her gaze remained pinned on Devon. "What's your friend's name?"

Chris glanced apologetically back at him, shame colored his fair cheeks. "This is Devon."

"Hello Devon," she purred, thrusting her hand out. He chose to ignore it.

"Cassie's boyfriend," Chris added pointedly.

Her eyes widened slightly, she licked her lips as her eyes raked over Devon once more. "Whoever would have thought it from little Cassie." Devon's ire spiked up a level, his hands clenched the arms of the chair. "I'm sure you've taught her a thing or two. I could teach you more."

Revulsion and anger curdled through Devon's stomach. Chris launched to his feet, his chair skidded back a few feet. "That's enough!" he snapped. "Don't you have a stranger to entertain?"

Her sapphire eyes narrowed fiercely. Devon rose slowly, stepping forward he rested his hand lightly on Chris's shoulder. Chris fairly vibrated with anger, his shoulders were set, his jaw locked as he glared at his mother. His eyes smoldered with ire and humiliation. "I assure you that I am a far worse abomination than your son," Devon informed her quietly.

Her eyes flickered, her eyebrows drew sharply together. She looked confused for a moment, and then his words finally pierced her alcoholic stupor. She took a step back, fear blazed off of her. "What do you mean?" she whispered. She glanced wildly at Chris, her heart thumped loudly; her terror was nearly palpable in the enclosed porch. Chris gave her a brief nod, confirming the fears and doubts rolling through her.

"Why don't you go back inside now." Devon's voice was low, urging. Though he didn't use his power of mind control, the tone was compelling enough to make her step further away. Nodding rapidly, she spun ungracefully and hurried inside, glancing briefly over her shoulder before disappearing in the house.

Chris's shoulders slumped; he ran a hand wearily through his hair. "Sorry bout that," he muttered, looking defeated and beat.

Devon shook his head, squeezing Chris's shoulder briefly before releasing him. He turned back toward Cassie's house. No wonder Chris had spent most of his nights there, escaping from the woman that was supposed to be his mother. "Lily's death really hurt you too."

Chris glanced at him, shrugging his broad shoulders. "She was a wonderful person."

Devon shoved his hands in his pockets. "Yes."

"Not to mention you and Cassie are killing me. I can't keep her fury tuned out, and you wandering around like a kicked puppy is really starting to get on my nerves." Devon quirked an eyebrow, not at all amused to be called a puppy. "The both of you are enough to drive a person crazy."

"And you can't deal with your own grief."

"No."

Devon turned back to the window, watching as the snow drifted slowly down. It was beginning to stick to the sidewalks and roads now. From inside, music started to play. Apparently Chris's mother had decided to bury her fear in a party. Digging in his pockets, Devon tugged his keys free, slipping the key to his apartment off he handed it to Chris.

"Stay at my place tonight." Chris glanced sharply at him; his eyes darted down to the key in Devon's hand. "It's quiet there, and maybe it's far enough away that you can escape mine and Cassie's emotions for the night."

Chris shook his head. "I can't leave Cassie."

"I'll be here. She'll be fine. You need to rest; you're starting to look like hell."

Issuing a sharp bark of laughter, Chris shook his head. "That's the pot calling the kettle black." He took the key from Devon's hand looking as if a weight had been lifted from him. "Don't you ever tell her I did this."

Devon grinned at him. "I won't."

"You're going to stay outside all night?"

"My car's at the end of the road. I'll be fine."

Chris nodded and shoved the key into his pocket. "So, where do you live?"

CHAPTER 2

As the first rays of the sun broke over the horizon, Devon parked his car next to Chris's beat up Mustang. Compared to Devon's sleek new Challenger, the old Mustang looked even more wounded and decrepit. He stepped into the cold, shoving his hands in his pockets as he made his way toward the apartment building.

Punching in his security code, he pulled the heavy glass door open, welcoming the blast of heat that hit him, warming his frozen extremities. He made his way slowly down the quiet hall. Most people were still asleep, though the scent of brewing coffee was beginning to fill the air. Pounding swiftly up the steps, he jogged to the third floor and turned down the hallway.

Reaching his apartment, he pulled out the spare key he kept above the door and slipped it into the lock. He was exhausted, all he wanted was a warm shower, and a few minutes of sleep before he had to drag himself into the ridiculous institution of high school once more. Thrusting open the door, the first thing he noticed were the loud snores issuing from Chris. He was sprawled face down on the couch, drooling into the pillow he had grabbed from the bedroom.

Devon lifted an eyebrow; he shook his head as he silently closed the door behind him. Chris had made himself at home. There was fast food wrapper's on the coffee table, a couple cans of soda, and the TV was on. Though the furniture was all sleek, modern and expensive, none of it was his. The apartment had come fully furnished, a fact that was reflected in the high rent prices.

Not like he cared, money was not an issue for him. That was one of the benefits of having lived a long time with little worries and little care for human life. He tossed the spare key on the table beside the door. Shrugging his coat off, he headed down the hallway to the master bedroom. The room was large with a massive California King jutting into the middle of it. The paintings on the walls were seascapes with boats and lighthouses, they also were not his. Tossing his coat on the bed, Devon pulled his shirt off as he made his way into the bathroom. It was large with a big Jacuzzi tub, his and hers sinks, and a separate shower stall. He had never used the tub.

Turning the shower on, he set the temperature for as hot as he could stand it before stepping inside. The stinging rays felt good on his sore back and stiff shoulders. A night in the car had left him cramped and aching, but it had been worth it to make sure that Cassie was safe. He stayed in the shower for as long as the hot water lasted. When it finally turned cold he stepped out, toweled off and dressed quickly.

Chris was awake when he returned to the living room. Sitting on the edge of the sofa, his head was in his hands as he stared at the floor. "Rough night?"

He glanced up at Devon, his eyes slightly bloodshot. "I've had worse. Nice place you have here."

"Not my stuff. You could have slept in the guest room."

Chris shook his head. "Prefer the couch. Everything ok?"

"Yeah, she stayed put, didn't get much sleep, but she's there."

"Doesn't look like you got much sleep either."

Devon shook his head, running his hand through his damp hair. "No."

Chris sighed, tossing aside his blanket as he rose slowly. "Thanks for letting me crash here."

"Anytime."

"You going to school today?"

Devon hesitated before nodding. He hated going to that place, it was boring, and the people were cruel and vindictive. But he wanted to see Cassie, and although he knew he was not welcome around her, he felt that she would need him in order to get through the day. "Yeah, I'll be there."

Chris handed the key out to him but Devon shook his head. "Keep it in case you need someplace to stay again."

Chris stared silently at him for a moment, surprise flickering through his eyes. Shrugging, he slipped the key back in his pocket. "You know, you're not half bad for a dead guy."

Devon snorted, shaking his head at him. "Good to know."

Chris laughed softly as he grabbed his letterman jacket off the back of the couch. "See you later."

"Yeah."

Pausing at the door, Chris glanced back at him. "You know, if I were you, I would use that little gift you have for attracting women." Devon's eyebrows drew sharply together as he stared at Chris questioningly. "Jealousy can be a big motivator."

Devon's eyes widened, shock slammed through him. "You can't be serious."

Chris grinned as he shrugged. "Something has to reach her, but don't you ever tell her I suggested it."

"Apparently we're going to have many secrets."

Chris laughed as he nodded enthusiastically. "I don't want her to kill me when she finally comes back to her senses. So yep, we are."

Devon couldn't help but chuckle along with him. Chris gave him a brief nod, his eyes still twinkling as he slipped out the door. Devon clicked off the TV, heading back to the bedroom he plopped onto the luxurious mattress he had spent few nights in. Though he longed for sleep, he knew that he would not be able to do so just yet. Sliding open the drawer of the nightstand he pulled out one of the books he had borrowed from Luther.

Flipping through the old, worn pages, he ignored its musty smell as he skimmed through the detailed history of The Hunters that had existed for the latter half of the sixteenth century. It was boring, tiring, and of little use as each of them had possessed an ability. He moved onto the next book in the line, flipping swiftly through the pages as he searched for and notes on a Hunter like Cassie, one that did not possess an ability. He was almost halfway through it when exhaustion claimed him.

***

Cassie moved stiffly through the hall. Her legs were like wooden blocks; her shoulders ached from being locked in place. Her hand drifted to the sunglasses perched on her nose. The large lenses helped to block out the harsh fluorescent light that filtered through the halls. It had rarely bothered her before but now it constantly burned her irises, nearly blinding her with its brilliance. She chalked the strange effect up to exhaustion.

Everyone stopped to stare at her as she moved past; their whispered comments were not as loud as they had been before the death of her grandmother. Apparently, the loss of a family member was enough to bring her a reprieve from the cruelty of her classmates. She was not fooled into thinking it would last long. She would probably become the center of attention again, once the gossip about the destruction of the school bathroom, and hallway during the homecoming dance became old news. They would all still be buzzing about her, if they knew that she had been involved in that destruction while fighting for her life against Julian.

Stopping at her locker, she spun the dial quickly, her fingers going through the combo with little thought to the numbers. Melissa stopped beside her, leaning against the lockers as she waited for Cassie. She had a feeling that either Chris or Melissa was going to be with her every second of this miserable day.

Her skinned crawled with aggravation; anger spurted through her as she thrust the locker door open. Grabbing her books she slammed the locker closed. She didn't need a babysitter, and she sure as hell didn't want one. She tugged the hood of her black sweater more firmly around her face. She didn't want to see anyone, or be seen either.

Keeping her head bowed she slipped into homeroom, relief filled her when she realized that Devon was not there. His car had not been in the parking lot either. Though she was glad that he was not here, that she wouldn't have to deal with him on top of everything else, she couldn't help but wonder where he was, what he was doing.

Her hands fisted on her desk as the brief thought of who he was with tore through her mind. He had claimed to love her, but he was a man after all, well sort of, and he had been dumped. She knew that he would find someone else soon enough. She tried to tell herself that the thought did not bother her, but it did. No matter how much she wanted to deny that fact, she couldn't.

The morning announcements droned on, but she paid them little mind, she paid little mind to anything. Everything seemed surreal now. Everything was so out of place. Just last week she had been sitting at this same desk with dreams, hope, and love. She had been looking forward to the Homecoming dance simply for the chance to dance in Devon's arms.

Now, just a few short days later, she was sitting here with nothing. No hopes, no dreams, no love. Her grandmother, the one person that had always been there for her, caring for her, loving her, was gone. And she had taken everything that Cassie was with her. Cassie was surprised that her heart continued to beat in her chest considering how dead she felt inside, how empty and alone and so very lost she was. How did the world continue to spin? How was she supposed to go back to her life, when the hurt and anger inside of her was nearly consuming?

Didn't everyone else know that they were supposed to stop? Didn't they know they were supposed to recognize her loss, and acknowledge it by being as miserable as she was?

Her name being called snapped her attention to the front of the class. "Here," she mumbled, ignoring the stares she felt burning into her.

Ducking her head once more, she played idly with her pencil, tapping it against the desk. She felt stuck, trapped in a life she didn't want anymore. She had no idea why she was even here, what did school matter when she didn't plan on living for much longer? It had simply been habit that had forced her out of bed and here this morning. Habit and the fact that she had nothing better to do with her day.

Julian and Isla would be hidden away, avoiding the daylight. She couldn't hunt them when they weren't around to hunt. And if she simply sat at home she would go absolutely insane. She needed to be doing something, and no matter how pointless school was now, it was far better than sitting on her ass doing nothing all day.

A ripple in the classroom caused her to bow her head further. He may have been late, but she knew immediately that Devon had arrived. She could sense him as he made his way toward the only empty desk in the room, the one diagonally across from her. Cassie's hands fisted even tighter, her nails dug painfully into her palm.

She could feel the energy rippling off of him, the power that he admitted in waves. The waves pulsed against her, causing her skin to heat and her heart to pick up. She hated the way that he made her feel, hated the fact that she always reacted to him, no matter how hard she tried not to. It was just purely a physical thing, she told herself fiercely. She did not love him anymore; he was the reason that her grandmother was dead. She hated him!

The pencil in her hand snapped, cracking loudly in the silent classroom. She felt the heads turning toward her but she ignored them. Gathering her things, she rose swiftly, not caring that the bell hadn't rung yet. No one stopped her as she hurried from the classroom, but she did hear a chair skid back, and she knew that Melissa was coming behind her.

Disgust and anger boiled through her, she shoved the door of the girl's bathroom open. It crashed against the wall with a resounding thud. Slamming her books on top of the counter by the sink, she spun toward Melissa as she entered slowly. "I don't need a damn watch dog!" she exploded, fury boiling through her.

Melissa quirked a dark eyebrow but simply folded her arms over her chest as she leaned against the wall. Her onyx eyes were inquisitive and sad as she studied Cassie; her black hair fell around her shoulders in gentle waves to the middle of her back. "Maybe not, but you're going to have one."

Cassie glared fiercely at her, fighting the urge to rip the sink from the wall, something she felt she could actually do in the mood that she was in. She settled for gripping the sink tight, taking gulping breaths of air as she tried to calm her racing heart and shaking body. How on earth was she ever going to survive this? She wasn't, that was how.

Turning the cold water on, Cassie slipped her glasses off and splashed her face, hoping to revive herself at least a little. She turned the water off as she lifted her head slowly; she hated the sight of the girl staring back at her. Hands fisting, Cassie had to fight the urge to smash her fist into it, destroying the image that she hated so much.

Blinking rapidly, she lifted her glasses from the sink, and slipped them on. The dark lenses eased the burning in her eyes, but they did not ease her pain. Every part of her body ached and hurt lately. She didn't know what was wrong with her, well except for the obvious. Shuddering, she grabbed hold of her books, trying to ignore the bone deep, aching chill that had become a constant part of her.

"No one would blame you if you went home," Melissa said softly. Cassie shook her head and pulled her hood tighter around her face. It did not make her invisible as she longed to be, but she hoped that it helped to hide her at least a little. "Cassie..."

She sidestepped Melissa, pulling the door open she escaped into the now crowded hall. Blending into the masses, she made her way slowly down the hall with Melissa close on her heels. Sighing in resignation, she slipped into her next class, relieved when Melissa did not attempt to try and start taking Calculus with her.

It was a long, slow, tortuous day. She felt like she was walking through quicksand as she wandered through the halls, moving stiffly, ignoring the students that surrounded her. Cassie slid limply into her seat at lunch. Folding her arms over her chest, she kept her head down, avoiding eye contact with anyone else.

"Do you want me to get you some lunch?" She shook her head in response to Chris's question. "You have to eat."

She shot him a dark look. He stared fiercely back at her, his eyebrows drawn tightly together, his eyes narrowed. "I'm fine," she grumbled.

He shook his head and shoved his tray aside in frustration. Loud laughter drifted through the cafeteria, drawing Cassie's attention. Marcy and her group of followers were gathered around one of the back tables, laughing and talking eagerly. Cassie watched them, confused and fascinated by their behavior. Then, they broke apart slightly, causing an opening in the table that they had swarmed.

Cassie's heart lurched, her hands fisted, pain and anger tore through her in equal measures. Devon was in the center of the group, sitting casually in his chair, his long legs stretched before him. He was leaning back against the table, his arm resting upon it as he flashed a beautiful, heart stopping grin at Kara. His black hair fell around his magnificent face, highlighting the bright emerald color of his eyes. Eyes she could see in vivid detail, even from her position of fifty feet away. No matter how much she didn't want to see him, she still couldn't help but admire how gorgeous he was.

Kara fluttered her lashes at him, practically falling over herself as she leaned forward. Devon leaned slightly toward her, it hadn't taken him long to move on.

Cassie's chest clenched tightly, rage suffused her as it rushed up in violent waves that threatened to consume her. Unable to breathe, a fierce shudder began to wrack its way through her body. Her vision blurred with the red haze suddenly suffusing everything around her. "Cassie," Chris whispered.

She turned slowly toward him. His eyes were wide, his face ashen as he stared at her in open mouthed horror. Shaking, confused, infuriated Cassie struggled to keep control of the volatile emotions crashing through her. Chris scanned her face; a small tremor worked its way through him. Slowly, he reached toward her, his hand quivering.

Cassie threw her arm up, knocking his hand aside. Shoving the chair backward it skittered out from under her, slamming into the back of another one. She didn't stop to apologize; she didn't look back at Chris. She didn't even grab her books. Moving swiftly through the cafeteria, she navigated the sea of bodies with ease. Mainly because they scattered to get out of her way.

Melissa was coming toward her as she moved past. Melissa didn't miss a beat, but simply turned on her heel and followed Cassie as she made her way swiftly out of the school.

CHAPTER 3

Devon stood stiffly, watching helplessly as Cassie escaped the cafeteria, Melissa following behind. He turned toward Chris, who looked positively ill as he gazed at Devon in open mouthed horror. Devon shrugged past Marcy, completely tuning her and her group out as he moved swiftly toward Chris.

"Well that didn't go as I had hoped," Chris mumbled. Devon shook his head, his gaze darting back to the table he had been sitting at. His heart twisted, guilt filled him at the hurt he had just caused Cassie. And yet, he couldn't stop the small amount of hope that flickered through him. She had been jealous, she had been angered. Perhaps she did still care.

"At least there was some reaction," Devon said softly, trying hard to bury the hope rolling through him. He could not take having his heart stampeded over again. Once this whole mess with Isla and Julian was over, he didn't know what he was going to do. He would have to fully face the fact that he had lost the only person he had ever loved, and he was not sure that he could handle that. At least, right now, he had Julian and Isla to focus his anger and hurt on, and once he got a hold of them he was going to make them pay for every miserable thing they had ever done.

Especially hurting Cassie.

Chris still looked shaken, but the color was returning to his face. "She was infuriated! It's what she always is now, but it was even stronger and harsher. It was deadly Devon, almost inhuman," Chris mumbled, his voice distant and thoughtful. "Not what I had hoped for at all, and far different than I thought her reaction would be."

Devon turned away from Chris, hating the desolate look in his eyes, hating the words he had just uttered. If Chris lost hope, then Devon knew it would be over. There would be no reaching Cassie, no helping her. She would be lost to them forever. The word inhuman clung to him, sending a shudder of horror down his spine. Maybe Chris was beginning to pick up on the thing that Devon feared most.

He took note of Chris's half eaten lunch and the notably missing plate of food where Cassie had been sitting. "When was the last time she ate?" he asked softly.

Chris shrugged. "I don't know."

Devon's frown intensified, his worry gnawed at him. She was going to completely collapse if she didn't start taking better care of herself. Longing filled him, he wanted to take care of her, wanted to comfort her, wanted to be the one making sure that she was safe and healthy. "Are you going after her?"

Chris sighed as he ran his hand through his hair. "Yeah."

"Give me a call if you need me, for anything."

"I will."

Chris slipped into the crowd, nearly barreling people over in his rush to get out. Devon watched him go, feeling helpless and vulnerable. Marcy approached from across the cafeteria. Before she could reach him, Devon slipped away, losing himself amongst the crush of bodies. He'd had enough of school today.

***

Cassie slammed her fists into the punching bag, pummeling it with repeated violence. Chris grunted with the force of the blows, but he held tight to the bag. She tried to release all of her anger and frustration on the bag, tried to purge the fury that ate at her, but try as she might she couldn't shake it.

In fact, the more she hit the bag, the madder she got. A shout of frustration escaped her as she spun, delivering a swift roundhouse to the center of the bag. The force of the blow shoved the bag back a good four feet. Chris grunted, losing his hold on it as he was knocked into the garage wall. Cassie gulped in large quantities of air, shaking and heaving, rattled by the fury seeping through her.

Chris rubbed his ribs as he stepped away from the wall. "Sorry," Cassie muttered, turning away from him. She tugged at her bandana, pulling it free to let her hair spill down. Pacing like a caged tiger to the door, she stared into the kitchen. Luther was on the phone, his glasses in hand as he paced restlessly back and forth, listening to the other person.

Cassie narrowed her eyes, straining to hear what the other person on the line was saying. She was unable to make out the other person's voice or words through the cell phone, but Luther seemed disturbed by what they were saying. Her eyes narrowed as Luther mentioned Hunters from the past. The conversation confused her, what did Hunters that were dead and gone matter? Luther glanced up, noting her in the doorway. He stopped pacing, his eyes widened slightly. "I have to go," he said abruptly and hung up.

Cassie frowned as he came toward her, easily moving around the chairs in the dining room. "All done training?" he inquired.

Cassie glanced behind her; Chris was still rubbing his ribs, Melissa and Dani were eying her wearily. It was obvious they wanted nothing more to do with training with her. "Apparently," she muttered. "Who was on the phone?"

Luther glanced behind her, his eyes darted over the three of them before landing on Chris. "You ok?"

Cassie's eyes narrowed at the avoidance of her question. She studied her Guardian, taking note of the agitation that still clung to him. She was about to push him further when Chris responded. "Yes, I'm fine."

"When can we go back in the field?" Cassie demanded impatiently, deciding to drop the phone conversation in favor of the one she really wanted the answer to.

Luther's eyes narrowed slightly. "I don't think you're ready for that Cass."

"I'm in the best condition of my life," she retorted sharply.

"I don't think you're mentally ready for it," he amended.

Cassie gave him a sharp look before spinning on her heel and storming toward the center of the garage. "I am perfectly capable of fighting!" she snapped.

"I don't think you are."

Cassie glared at him; grabbing her black hoodie she slipped it on and tugged the zipper up. Pulling the hood up, she folded her arms over her chest as she began to tap her foot impatiently. "I'll be fine out there. I want to go out tomorrow night."

"Cassie..."

"I'm going out tomorrow night!" she snarled fiercely. "You can follow me or not, it's up to you, but I'm not sitting on my ass anymore! I'm going out and I am going to find them. Now, I'm going home."

She didn't want to listen anymore, didn't want to hear them argue with her anymore. Taking the side door she exited the garage swiftly, eager to be free and alone for a moment. Though, she didn't doubt that someone would catch up with her soon. She momentarily contemplated leaving the sidewalk and main road, but though she was eager to get at Julian and Isla, she could not bring herself to do that to Chris, Melissa, and Luther. They would be terrified for her, worried sick, and they would follow her. Quite possibly to their deaths, and she could not handle having any more deaths staining her hands. No, if Isla and Julian came for her, it would have to be here, in the open before anyone could catch up to her.

It was a good night to walk home, the chilly air helped to cool her heated skin and temper. Tilting her head back she stared up at the clear night sky. She wanted to be soothed and awed by the bright twinkling stars, and beautiful moon. But she was not, and she probably never would be again. There was no joy in the beauty of the world anymore. Anger filled her as she turned away from the sky; she resented the fact that something she had once loved now meant nothing to her. Like so many other things.

Moving swiftly down the sidewalk, she kept herself attuned to the world around her, taking in her surroundings, searching the night for any sign of Julian and Isla. She huddled deeper into her sweatshirt, folding her hands inside the sleeves. A car rolled up beside her, its headlights flashing over the few inches of snow on the ground. Cassie paid it little mind as it moved slowly past, heading down the street. She turned the corner, kicking miserably at the sidewalk, spoiling for a fight.

Another car rolled up, its brakes squealed to a halt beside her. Cassie spun; her eyes widened in surprise as Devon thrust his door open and jumped out of the car. "What the hell do you think you're doing?" he snarled, storming around the car toward her.

Cassie took a startled step back, her forehead furrowed in confusion at the anger blazing from him. Her heart melted momentarily as it briefly thumped with excitement. Tingles erupted over her body; her skin crawled with its desperate need to be touched by him. It had been so long, her body had been denied his touch for far too long. Now it was frantic to feel the relief and pleasure that only he could bring to her. Her mouth went dry as she took an instinctive step toward him.

He strode toward her forcefully, and with the fluid grace only his kind could possess. Power radiated from him, his emerald eyes were afire, and his hair was tussled and disordered. Her anger at him, and the world, suddenly sapped out of her. Love for him surged forth as tears burned the backs of her eyes. She blinked the tears rapidly back as he stopped before her, his mouth parted slightly as his eyes rapidly scanned her face. Love, hope, and need bloomed in the bright depths of his emerald eyes. He reached slowly toward her, his elegant hand a life raft in the tumultuous seas that constituted her life now.

Of its own volition, her hand rose to meet his. Time seemed to slow as they stretched across the short expanse that separated their bodies. It would be better, everything would be better once she touched him again. She knew that without a doubt, knew that he was everything she needed, and more.

And then their fingers met. Relief poured through her, tears clogged her throat. Everything was right now, everything was normal and good. He would keep her safe; he would protect her from the hurts and wrongs of the world. Wonder filled her as she searched his gaze; the vast amount of love in his eyes shook her to the core. His fingers tightened around hers as he tugged her closer to him.

Desire, love, and hunger poured from him. The hope in his eyes, the fierce force of his longing filled her completely. She knew how he felt, because she felt it too. She needed him in order to be whole, needed him to complete her. A desperate choking sound escaped her. It sounded so forlorn and frantic, even to her ears.

"Cassie," he whispered.

She shuddered; her shoulders shook forcefully, tremors wracked painfully through her. Helplessness filled his eyes; he pulled her forward another step, reaching for her with his other hand. She almost went to him, almost buried herself against him. Almost lost herself to him completely. And then the hard facts of reality descended over her with the force of a tsunami, leaving her breathless and lost.

His gaze became desperate, worried. "Cassie, no."

She released his hand and took a swift step back. Her gaze focused on the house across the street. She couldn't look at him, not anymore. If she did then she would forget everything. If she did, then she would lose complete control of herself and become a blubbering mess on the sidewalk. If she did, she would not be able to extract her revenge on Isla and Julian, because she could not know hatred and anger in Devon's arms. She could only know love and belonging.

Sighing heavily he shoved his hands into the pockets of his coat. "Where are you going?" he asked softly.

"Home."

"You can't walk home alone."

She shot him a dark look, trying hard to regain the anger that had been keeping her going for the past week. "I'm perfectly capable of taking care of myself," she informed him coldly.

"You shouldn't be out alone. Let me take you home."

She shook her head, trying hard to keep her tears bottled up inside. "No."

"Cassie, I am not going to let you walk home alone. Either let me take you home, or I'm going to follow you the whole way."

She glanced at the car sitting by the curb, purring softly. "I thought you would be with Marcy, or maybe Kara."

He winced, his hands clenched in the pockets of his coat. "Cassie..."

"You have to leave me alone Devon. I can't be near you anymore."

"Cassie please..."

She lifted her gaze back to his. Drawing on her strength, she managed to retreat back behind the wall of rage that had been keeping her going. Chris's Mustang screeched to a halt behind Devon's car, its headlights reflected off of Devon's taillights. He opened the door and climbed out but he didn't approach them as he rested his hand on the roof. Standing in the wash of light, Chris's sandy hair was highlighted with streaks of red; his eyes were bright with expectation.

She turned slowly back to Devon, hating the hurt and wounded look in his eyes, but knowing that she could not ease it. "Leave me alone."

Her voice was harsh, cold. It was alien even to her. Taking a deep breath, she forced herself to move away from him, forced herself to walk toward Chris's car. Chris's shoulders sagged, his head bowed slightly. She could feel Devon's gaze boring into her back as she reached the passenger side door. Chris lifted his head as he glanced toward Devon. Cassie stiffened, her eyes narrowing as she took in the silent communication that passed between them. Turning back to Devon, she frowned fiercely as she realized that although she was no longer with Devon, the two of them still talked with each other. And she was fairly certain that their main topic was probably her.

She glared at Chris. "Traitor," she hissed, flinging the door open.

Chris's eyes widened, he looked slightly chagrined before he ducked back inside the car. Cassie fought the urge not to look at Devon again, but against her will her eyes were drawn back to him. Her heart turned over as she found him still watching her intently. Hurt and longing radiated from him. Unable to move, Cassie stared back at him, her heart flipping as want filled her. For a moment she wished that things could be different, unfortunately they couldn't.

Turning away, she slid into the passenger seat and closed the door behind her. Chris hesitated briefly before sliding the car into gear. "Are you ok?" he asked softly before pulling away from the curb.

"Fine," she mumbled, keeping her head down as they left Devon behind.

CHAPTER 4

Cassie crossed her legs, folding her arms firmly over her chest as she leaned against the large oak behind her. She kept all of her senses honed on the night around her, searching for something, anything, in the dark. Well, anything other than Devon, who she knew was lurking in the woods at the edge of the cemetery. She resented his presence, but there was nothing that she could do to stop him from being there.

He would not leave, and she was certain that Julian and Isla would not make an appearance with him there. Frustration and anger boiled through her. She just wanted all of this to be over, but she wasn't even going to have the chance to start it. Not as long as Devon, Chris, Melissa, and Dani hovered around her like nervous mother hens.

And with the way that one of them was constantly with her, she wouldn't have an opportunity to escape any time soon. She wanted to smash her fist into something, instead she settled for clenching her hands so tightly that her fingernails dug painfully into her palms. "How long do you want to stay out here for?" Chris asked softly.

Cassie turned slowly toward him, trying hard to keep a tight rein on her temper. She didn't want them to see how aggravated she was by their presence, and Devon's. They had to think that she was ok with this; they had to believe that they could start leaving her alone. Because if they didn't start to leave her alone, she was going to go freaking crazy. Because if they didn't, then she would never get her chance to go after Isla and Julian, she would never get her chance to exact her revenge.

"Not much longer," she answered absently.

Chris continued to study her for a moment longer before turning away. Cassie watched the woods impassively, taking note of the few creatures that stirred within its shadowy depths. If the animals were about then Julian and Isla were not. Unclenching her hands, she reached down to stroke her fingers over the stake she had in the waistband of her jeans. It did little to reassure her as she knew she would not be using it tonight.

Dani shivered, huddling deeper into her thick winter coat as the wind howled over the open expanse of the cemetery. Cassie sighed heavily, stepping away from the tree as pity finally sank in past the hard shell surrounding her. "Let's go," she mumbled.

Dani breathed a sigh of relief as she scurried swiftly to her feet. Chris and Melissa looked just as relieved as they hurried to join her. Cassie turned on her heel, not truly acknowledging their presence's as she made her way swiftly over the snow covered landscape. The snow crunched beneath her boots, but it was hard enough now that she didn't sink into it.

She was aggravated and frustrated that Julian and Isla had not made an appearance. She needed to draw them out, she needed to get free of her friends, and her guard dog somehow. Cassie glanced at the woods. Though she could not see Devon, she knew that he was out there, keeping pace with them, watching over her.

Anger blazed through her. She turned stiffly away from the woods, not wanting to acknowledge him in any way. She knew that ignoring him would not make him go away, but she didn't know what else to do. She didn't know how to make him leave. There was nothing more that she could say, or do, to make him understand that the best thing for both of them was to be apart.

The best thing for her was to get this over with so she could be free of the misery and rage consuming her.

"Cassie?" She turned slowly toward Chris, feeling stiff and wooden. "Are you ok?"

She frowned, nodding as she realized that she had stopped walking. "Fine," she muttered.

Shoving her hands in her pockets, she kept her head bowed as she hurried toward Chris's car. She climbed silently inside, her hand twitching back to the stake at her side. She watched unseeingly out the window as Chris made his way swiftly through the cemetery, the center of town, and eventually to her house.

She stared at the quiet house, allowing herself a moment to grieve for the warmth and happiness that used to enshroud the structure. It had none of that now. Now it was cold, lonely, a place that she hated, and that now only served as a constant reminder of all of her mistakes, and all of her failings. And there were so very many of them.

She had failed miserably in all she had set out to do, and her grandmother had been the one to pay for those mistakes.

Cassie shuddered as she slipped from the car, not looking up as she made her way to the door. Flinging the door open, she barely felt the heat on her chilled skin as she flipped on the lights. "How about some food?" Melissa inquired softly.

"Not hungry."

Cassie tossed her coat into the hall closet and kicked off her boots. She felt drained, exhausted, completely beat, but she knew that she would not get any sleep tonight. She never slept anymore, nightmares plagued her continuously. She moved slowly into the living room and plopped down on the couch. She turned the TV on, but she didn't watch it as she stared unseeingly at the flashing screen, not absorbing the scenes or sounds.

Chris sat stiffly beside her, folding his hands before him as he leaned his elbows on his knees. "Are you sure you don't want some food?"

She nodded, absently flipping through the channels, though she was not looking for anything. She had nothing to look for anymore. Nothing to see. She was nothing now.

Cassie curled her legs underneath her and rested her head on the throw pillow. She remained unmoving, barely breathing as crashing waves of rage and absolute misery washed through her. She felt like a wildly swinging pendulum of emotions and she hated it. She wanted off of the rollercoaster that was her life now.

She didn't know how much longer she could take all of this. She was rapidly falling apart and there was nothing that she could do to stop it. She had to find Julian and Isla soon. She knew that if she could just make them pay for what they had done to her grandmother than everything would be better. Revenge had to make her feel better, mainly because she knew she would not survive the battle, but it would be worth it just to make them pay.

She had to find them soon though, because she was fairly certain that she was not going to survive this agony for much longer. She wasn't even sure how her body was still running with very little sleep and almost no food, but it would only be a matter of time before it shut down. She just had to find Julian and Isla before she shut down completely, or snapped and lost it.

***

Devon watched from the shadows as Cassie slipped through the halls. She had taken to wearing black sweaters, and hoodies, in an attempt to keep herself hidden from the world. Though she may not draw as much attention from her fellow classmates as she used to, he couldn't fail to notice her. No matter how hard she tried to make herself invisible, he would always be able to see her.

She kept her head bowed, her golden hair spilled out from under the hood she had pulled over her head. The habitual dark glasses she now wore were firmly in place again, blocking out the startling beauty of her violet blue eyes. Beneath the dark hood her skin was pale; the normal rosiness of her cheeks was gone.

She had lost weight; her clothes were baggy on her, her face thinner. She was lean with an athletic grace, but with the weight loss the muscles in her arms stood out even more, and the bones in her hands were clearly visible as she clutched her books tight to her chest. Her face had thinned out considerably. She had always been beautiful, shockingly so, and she still was but it was a more refined beauty. She appeared older, more mature, as the youthful chubbiness of her cheeks had faded away to reveal the elegant planes of her delicate features.

She didn't look at anyone as she slid into the girl's locker room. Moving like a wraith, she obviously didn't want to be noticed as she disappeared around a corner. "What's with the sunglasses?" Devon inquired, turning as Chris appeared at his side and leaned against the locker next to Devon.

"She says the light hurts her eyes now."

Devon glanced at the harsh fluorescents. They were bright against his eyes, but he'd had a lot of practice with adjusting his sensitive vision to them. "You don't believe her?"

Chris sighed heavily, shifting his feet. "I believe that she believes it, but I think it's just another way for her to try and hide herself away."

Devon nodded thoughtfully; though he suspected that hiding herself was part of the reason he knew that it was not all of it. "She's still not eating."

"No, not much anyway. Probably just enough to keep her going."

Biting into his lower lip, Devon fought back his frustration and anger. He hated being so impotent and useless, especially now, when she needed him most. If he could just reach her, if any of them could just reach her. "There has to be something we can do," he whispered.

Chris lifted his eyebrows. "Doing the best we can. Nothing helps. And with Luther leaving...."

Chris's voice trailed off, Devon turned toward him, feigning surprise. He knew that Luther had left, but Chris, Melissa, and Dani still did not know that he and Luther had been talking, researching about Cassie, and coming up against a solid wall of nothing. There was nothing about any of the Hunter's like Cassie in the multitude of books that Luther possessed. It was the most frustrating, boring experience of Devon's long life. Though they had been unable to find it they knew there had to be something out there about the other Hunter's that had been like Cassie, and Luther was determined to find it, even if it meant leaving at a very bad time.

"Luther left?" he inquired innocently.

"Yeah." Chris ran a hand through his already disheveled hair. "He got a lead on some Hunter in Texas or something. Said he needed to go, but the timing is awful. Cassie needs all the help she can get right now."

Devon nodded, knowing that it was a lie. Luther was not in Texas, but it was as good a cover story as any. Chris didn't know that Luther was trying to help Cassie, or that Luther may come back with the only way to help Cassie. "That's too bad."

"Yeah Melissa's been staying with her, as you know."

Chris grinned at him; Devon couldn't help but return the smile. "What is this, a meeting of the minds?"

They turned as Melissa strolled up to them, her black hair neatly pulled back in a braid, her onyx eyes gleamed questioningly. "Yeah, you could say that," Chris replied.

She glanced at the gym doors, scowling as she rolled her eyes. "You know if Cassie sees the two of you out here..."

"Three of us," Chris corrected. "And she's already in the locker room."

Melissa nodded as she shifted her backpack. "Good. I'm going to go in, make sure she's ok."

Devon grabbed hold of Melissa's arm, stopping her before she could disappear into the locker room. "How is she to live with?"

Melissa cocked an eyebrow. "She's just peachy," she mumbled, her gaze darted swiftly to the doors as if afraid she would get caught doing something wrong. "She's the same there as she is here. Distant, unreadable, angry."

"Have you had any visions?"

Melissa frowned at him, her fine eyebrows furrowed. "No, not about anything important anyway. Don't worry; I'll let you know if I do."

Devon nodded as he released her arm. "Thank you."

Melissa stood for a moment, her gaze darting between the gym doors and the two of them. With a soft sigh, she dropped her bag off her shoulder and turned to face them. "In all honesty I think she's nearing her snapping point."

Devon frowned at her. He could sense Melissa's reticence to talk about Cassie, but this seemed to be something that she needed to get off her mind. "What do you mean?" he demanded glancing sharply at Chris, who looked just as confused as Devon felt.

Melissa shrugged as she tossed her long braid off of her shoulder. "I just don't think she can keep going like this for much longer. She's going to snap and either hunt those two down on her own and get herself killed, or she's going to have a breakdown. She can't keep shoving all of her grief and sorrow aside; it's going to break free one way or another. We need to be prepared for that."

"What makes you think that?" Chris asked softly.

Melissa shrugged again as she reclaimed her bag. "Simple reason. She's been living like this for the past two weeks. She can't keep going, one way or another everything that is eating at her is going to come out. I just hope that she survives the aftermath, even if she doesn't want to."

Though she said it in a flat monotone, tears shimmered in her dark eyes. Her fear for Cassie was palpable. "This can't go on anymore," he said firmly, though there was a tremor inside him. "I don't care if I have to lock her away somewhere, but this can't go on anymore."

"You can't do that!" Melissa gasped. "She'd hate you forever!"

Devon glanced sharply at her, his hands fisted at his sides. "She already hates me," he growled. "But I will make sure that she lives, I will make sure that she doesn't do anything to get herself killed! I will not allow her continue to waste away. She can hate me for the rest of her life, but at least it will be a long one."

Chris and Melissa exchanged worried glances. "Devon..."

"No," he interrupted Chris sharply. "If something doesn't change soon, or if she even tries to go after them, I will take her from here and there is nothing that either of you can do to stop me."

Their eyes were wide and turbulent but they didn't argue with him. Even if they did, he would not change his mind. She had to survive. He could not live through the loss of her life; he could not keep his sanity if such a thing happened. If Cassie died then he was as good as dead also. But his life meant little to him, compared to hers. He would gladly die if she was killed.

"I think you're right," Chris said softly, turning slightly away from him as he folded his large arms over his chest. Though he did not look happy about the decision, he would not argue it.

"Chris!" Melissa hissed.

He shook his head briskly. "No, he's right. She's on a downward spiral that will only end with death. We can't let that happen to her. She needs to deal with her emotions, she needs to come to terms with all of this, and until she does, then we have to be the ones to keep her safe. Even if it means doing something she'll despise us for."

"Let's hope it doesn't come to that," Devon muttered.

They both looked sharply at him, their torment and unease evident in their lost gazes. "I don't think it will," Melissa said. "I don't think she's going to make it to that point. She can't keep going like this; it's only a matter of time..."

Melissa's voice trailed off as her eyes darted back toward the gym doors. "Well, I suppose we should go get our PE on. I'll see you in a little bit."

She turned and hurried swiftly across the hall, disappearing inside the door of the girl's locker room. Devon glanced sharply at Chris. "Do you think Melissa's right?"

Chris shrugged as he stuffed his hands in the pockets of his jeans. "I think she may be. Cassie's so angry that it's the only emotion I pick up from her. It's hard to tell what is going on with her. Come on, we had better get going."

Devon stifled a groan at the thought of having to go. As far as he was concerned high school was a waste of time as it was, Gym being the biggest waste of it. He followed Chris into the boys locker room though, wrinkling his nose at the heavy scent of sweat and body odor that filled the large, blue tiled room. He changed swiftly, paying little attention to anyone else in the room.

Following behind Chris, they made their way swiftly out to the large gymnasium. His gaze instantly found Cassie leaning against the far wall. Her hair had been pulled into a loose ponytail that enhanced the angles of her thinner face. She had changed into a pair of shorts and a loose fitting black t-shirt that hung limply on her slender frame. The sunglasses were still in place.

She looked like a lost child, out of place amongst the laughing, giggling girls gathered in a large group twenty feet away from her. His heart ached for her, his fingers itched to touch her, comfort her. Melissa said something, catching her attention for a brief moment. Cassie looked up, nodding once before ducking her head again. A shrill whistle pierced the air. Devon turned as the two PE teachers entered the gym carrying bags laden with softball bats and balls.

His eyebrows furrowed as frustration and anger spurted through him. He hated being stuck in this school, hated being around these people. He was almost eight hundred years old and he was standing in a gym with a bunch of hormonal teenagers. His gaze darted back to Cassie, some of the anger melting away. For her, he could do this. For her, he could do anything. Even play softball inside, which was apparently what they intended to do.

They were shuffled around, divided into teams. Somehow he ended up on the same side as Marcy and Chris, well Cassie was relegated to the other side with Melissa and Mark Young. Devon watched Mark, waiting for him to make any inappropriate move or comment to Cassie. Mark had stayed away from her since their last encounter in the cafeteria, but Devon didn't trust him. And though Cassie didn't want his help, Devon would take any excuse to beat Mark into a bloody pulp. He had been aching to do it ever since he had first met the bastard.

"Cassandra Fairmont!" everyone turned as the girl's gym teacher barked Cassie's name loudly. Cassie lifted her head; her eyebrows drew sharply together over top of her sunglasses. "You know the rules, no jewelry, no loose articles, take off those sunglasses."

Cassie hesitated a moment; he could feel her gaze darting swiftly around the gym in a fleeting moment of panic. Then, her shoulders slumped with defeat; she reached slowly up and pulled the large glasses from her face. Cassie blinked rapidly before closing her eyes against the lights that blazed down on her. Devon took a step forward, wanting to go to her, wanting to shelter her. He knew how painful such exposure could be and he wished to protect her from it.

Chris grabbed hold of his arm, shaking his head as he held Devon back. "She'll be fine," he said softly. "She has to face the world eventually."

Devon's head snapped toward him, anger briefly surged forward. Devon tried to remind himself that Chris didn't know, that he didn't understand, that he couldn't know the pain the lights could cause, but it did little to ease the anger wracking through Devon. He turned back to Cassie. Her head was bowed, her eyes barely open to the harsh glare that pounded off of the gym floor.

"Damn it!" he hissed, futility and frustration tearing through him. "Damn it!"

Chris stared questioningly at him as Devon turned away. He grabbed one of the gloves from the bench and stormed into the outfield, to take his position in left. Marcy moved into center, Chris beside her, and Kara on the other side of him. Folding his arms over his chest, Devon waited impatiently for the game to commence.

They moved swiftly through the first inning, and the second. Devon thought his team was winning, but he couldn't be sure. The only sport he had ever been interested in was hunting, and he had excelled at it.

Switching again, Devon was in the outfield once more as Melissa came up to the plate. The ball cracked off the bat with a resounding thud that echoed throughout. Devon ran for it, pulling up short as Marcy collided with him. Wrapping her arms around his waist, she laughed loudly as she clung to him. Chris retrieved the ball, throwing it in time to stop Melissa at second.

Devon tried to extricate himself from Marcy's arms, but she was laughing happily, her leaf green eyes twinkling merrily as she grabbed his ass. "I'm sorry," she said brightly, her arms tightening briefly.

Devon scowled at Marcy, grabbing hold of her petite shoulders he pulled her forcefully away from him. She continued to grin up at him for a moment before turning on her heel and sashaying away. Chris was staring at him with wide eyes. Then, Chris's shoulders stiffened, his face turned ashen and he turned slowly toward Cassie. She stood at the plate, the bat resting loosely on her shoulders, her eyes narrowed against the light as she focused on Devon.

He could feel the anger radiating from her, the hate. The sense of betrayal. But there was something more. There was a shaking inside of her, a whirl of confusion that shivered through the bond that connected them, that would always connect them. A shattering of spirit radiated from her, leaving Devon motionless. Chris turned deathly white, his mouth parted slightly. A shiver of foreboding crept through Devon; judging by Chris's reaction to her this was not going to be good. Devon wanted to go to Cassie, to hold her, to feel her. To get her the hell out of there before she exploded, which he was certain she was about to do.

She blinked, her attention once more returned to the game. Her eyes were narrowed, squinted against the glare. He could feel the hurt that the light caused her, but beneath it he could feel the hurt in her soul, the anguish, the rage. She connected with the ball, a solid crushing blow that sent it soaring over their heads, before it crashed against the back wall with a resounding thud that echoed throughout the gym. It was a blow that no normal human could have delivered to the ball, let alone a girl. No one moved to retrieve the ball as it bounced over the floor before rolling under the bleachers with a soft clinking sound that was exceptionally loud in the still room.

Cassie stood unmoving, the bat dangling loosely from her fingertips. The clatter of the bat hitting the ground snapped everyone's attention back to her. She didn't run the bases, she didn't move. She simply stood there, looking lost and confused, and heartbroken. "Freak!" Mark's hiss was soft, but it reached Devon's ears.

Cassie turned slowly toward him; she stood stiffly, her shoulders back, her eyes narrowed. "Yes, yes I am," she agreed softly.

Walking away from the plate, she grabbed her sunglasses before striding out of the gym. The teacher didn't bother to stop her as she remained standing in shocked silence. Melissa turned toward them, her eyes wide with horror. Then, she turned swiftly and fled the gym after Cassie. Devon had had enough of pretending to be a high school student, of pretending to be human.

He'd had enough of being alienated from the only person he had ever truly cared about.

Marcy snorted loudly, rolling her eyes in disgust. "What a drama queen."

"Shut the hell up Marcy!" Chris snarled. Devon lifted an eyebrow, surprised by the fury in his voice. Chris was always good natured and easy going. "Just shut the hell up."

Devon strolled out of the gym, leaving behind the kids and the game. The boy's gym teacher opened his mouth to protest, but one fierce look from Devon caused him to snap it quickly shut. He hurried into the locker room, not bothering to grab his clothes as he broke into a swift trot, running past the lockers, blurring as a sense of urgency drove him faster. He could not shake the tumultuous emotions that had radiated from Cassie, emotions he had never felt from anyone before.

Bursting free of the boys locker room, he quickly searched the abandoned hallway before turning and darting into the girls locker room. He had a feeling that he was already too late. He skidded around a corner, halting as he came across Melissa. Her dark head was bowed, her hand tightly clenched Cassie's shirt before her. Her eyes were closed, her breathing even and slow.

Then, she shook back her hair and her eyes lifted to his. "She's gone."

"Where?" he demanded sharply, fear gripping hold of him. "Where?"

Melissa shook her head, hopelessness radiated from her as she held the shirt out. "I don't know, I can't see it. I can't see it! What good are premonitions if they do nothing for me when I need them!?" Frustration filled her voice as she glanced down at the clothing in her hands.

Devon turned away from her, ignoring the shocked looks of the girls filtering into the room as he bolted past them and slammed out the back door. An alarm ran loudly but he ignored it. Scanning the snow covered fields; he searched for any sign of her. "Not here, she's not here anymore."

Chris pulled up beside him, his breath hung heavily in the crisp air. "I know," Devon growled. "I'll find her."

Devon took off across the field, not feeling the cold against his skin. There was only one thing he cared about at the moment, only one thing he could feel, and that was Cassie. Tuning out the rest of the world, he focused his attention on her. Scanning through all of the minds around him, he searched rapidly for the only one that mattered to him. The few drops of blood he had savored from her when he had closed the life threatening wounds in her neck, and the fact that she was not far from him, allowed him to latch onto her mind quickly. Though he could not pinpoint her location, he hoped to be able to track her. He could feel her out there, running, fleeing, trying to escape. Trying to do the impossible and outrun herself. Panic pushed her further, faster; harder.

Reaching the woods, Devon allowed his power and abilities to surge forth. Blurring with speed, he tracked her through the forest. Though there were still a few hours of daylight left, he knew that he had to find her soon. It would get dark early, and with the cloud cover there was a chance that Isla and Julian would wander out if they sensed her alone. She could not be by herself right now, not in her state of mind. He didn't know what she would do, and it scared the hell out of him.

Bursting free of the woods, he barely took in the cemetery as he dodged easily through the headstones. He was getting closer; he could feel her, sense her amongst the cold stones. And he knew exactly where she was. Veering sharply to the left, he darted over the ground, not feeling any exertion from his run.

Coming over top of a hill, he spotted her amongst the rows of granite. She was kneeling before the grave, oblivious to the snow coated ground against her bare skin. A small moan of despair escaped him as her anguish washed over him, poured through him, suffused him within her pain. He slowed, not wanting to rush up on her, knowing that he had to approach her slowly. Walking silently up behind her, he simply stood back, waiting for her to need him, or to tell him to go. Which he would not do. He was not going to leave her out here in the cold, and he didn't think he could handle being pushed away again.

She kept her head bowed; her golden hair fell forward to shield her beautiful face. One of her hands was clenched upon her thigh, the other rested against the name on the grave as she leaned slightly forward. Her sunglasses rested beside the grave, tossed precariously aside. A subtle stiffening of her shoulders told him that she was well aware of his presence, but she did not tell him to leave, and he did not feel anger coming from her. He glanced briefly at the stone as she lovingly stroked her grandmother's name, Lillian Rose Callahan.

"Someone left her flowers," Cassie whispered, her voice choked and broken.

He glanced at the roses and lily's that rested against the stone, some of them had gone past, but most were new. He had left a bouquet just yesterday. "Yes," he said softly.

A shudder raced through her, shaking her slender frame. Though she had to be freezing, he knew her shiver had nothing to do with the cold. Her hand slid away from the stone, falling limply to her thigh. "I haven't been here."

He didn't know what to say, so he remained silent, frightened that she would turn him away again if he did speak. She turned toward him, her violet blue eyes bright with unshed tears, her skin pale. Her full lower lip trembled slightly, making her appear far younger and achingly vulnerable. His hands twitched to hold her, to comfort her. It had been so long and he needed her so badly, but she had to come to him. She had to want him again.

"It's my fault," she whispered. "It's my fault that she's dead."

A shattering radiated from her. A soul rendering devastation that ripped through her, pulsing out in waves that pierced deep into his soul. Her anguish was consuming, heart wrenching, overwhelming in its force. It staggered him. She bent her head, and for the first time since her grandmother had been killed, she began to cry.

Heavy, fierce sobs shook through her. Her arms crossed over her chest as she rocked back and forth, seeking to comfort herself in some way. Devon wanted to stay away, wanted to give her the time she needed to grieve. However, he could not stand to see her in so much pain and not do anything about it.

In two long strides, he was at her side, kneeling in the snow beside her. Though he was frightened that she would turn him away again, he reached out and wrapped his arms around her. She came to him, sobbing loudly, hardly able to breathe as her small hands curled into his shirt. Wrapping his hand around her head he held her tight to him.

Rocking her slowly, he simply clung to her as she cried, kissing her head gently, burying his nose in the wonderful scent of her hair. Holding her again, he was able to feel the full extent of her weight loss. Her spine was hard beneath his hand, her shoulders sharp against his chest.

He closed his eyes against the pain filling him as he gathered her closer. He wanted to cry from the intensity of her grief, and the force of the relief that filled him at being able to hold her again. Pulling her into his lap, he bent over her, trying to give her comfort and warmth as she trembled and shook against him. Her tears seeped into his shirt, soaking the front of it. Despite his relief at holding her again worry for her safety, and health, began to fill him. She had not been taking care of herself and the force of her sobs was draining her already weakened body.

"Shh love," he whispered cradling her tight against him. "It's not your fault. You couldn't have stopped this. It is not your fault."

He soothed her hair back, kissing her gently as he held her head to his chest. Shivers began to wrack through her, goose bumps broke out on her flesh. He rubbed her arms and legs, trying to get some heat back into her frozen flesh. Her sobs abated, but tears still rolled down her face. He needed to get her out of here and he needed to get her somewhere warm.

Lifting her gently, he groaned at the feel of her slight weight in his arms. Even if she didn't accept him back into her life, he was going to make damn sure that she started to eat. Soon. She curled tighter against his chest, her hand clutched his shirt. The shivers wracking through her grew stronger as the wind began to pick up. The skeleton branches of the trees clicked louder as the wind howled through them.

He moved swiftly through the snow, breaking over the top of the hill as Chris and Melissa rolled to a stop in Chris's car. Apparently they had decided to come here in search of her. He was grateful for that as Melissa jumped swiftly from the passenger side, and grabbed a blanket from the backseat. She hurried toward them, her dark eyes questioning and worried. Devon took the blanket from Melissa and wrapped it gently around Cassie, pulling it firmly against her.

He followed Melissa back to the car and eased Cassie into the backseat. Sliding in beside her, he gathered her back into his arms, unwilling to part from her for even a moment again.

CHAPTER 5

"You need to eat."

Cassie lifted her head as Devon appeared in the doorway of her room, a tray of food in his hands. She felt hollow, shaken, exhausted. But she did not feel the fury anymore. It was as if the tears had burned it all away, washing it clean, purifying it. She still felt the burning need for justice, for revenge, but the inner rage that had fired so brightly before did not flare anymore. She tried to find it, for it had been what was keeping her going, but she couldn't summon the strength for it anymore.

She watched as he moved slowly into the room. His shoulders were set; his body was tensed in preparation, as if afraid he would scare her away. Her heart flipped over, tears burned her eyes once more. Tears she would have thought had run dry by now, but seemed endless. She had been so cruel to him, so cold and unforgiving when there had been no real reason to be. And yet, despite all her cruelty he had been so loving to her today, taken care of her and now he was standing there with a tray full of food for her.

She did not deserve him. She did not deserve many things, she realized. He moved slowly toward her, his eyes weary and watchful. Placing the tray on top of her bureau, he turned toward her. "How are you feeling?"

Cassie shrugged as she twisted the towel in her hand. She still felt cold, even though she had spent almost a half an hour in the shower. She was fairly certain that the chill was permanently in her bones, and she was certain that it was not about to go away anytime soon. She just didn't know how she felt emotionally though, not anymore. She had been enraged for two weeks, now she was just empty. She didn't know how to describe that to him. She didn't even know how to figure it out for herself.

"You went home?" she asked quietly, glancing over his clothes.

He looked down at his fresh pair of jeans and deep green sweater. He hadn't been wearing them before gym. "No, Chris grabbed some clothes for me."

Cassie's eyebrows drew sharply together. Chris had been to his place? She had never even been to his place. A shudder wracked through her, she grasped her elbows in a vain attempt to warm herself. She had known all along that Chris and Devon still talked with each other, but it sounded as if they had become far closer than she'd realized. She didn't know how to feel about that. Though, she knew that they had needed each other when she had so brutally shut them both out of her life.

She rocked slightly forward, waves of self hatred crashing over her, leaving her shaken. "Cassie..."

She held up a hand, holding him off as he approached. "I'm sorry," she whimpered. "I'm so sorry." Tears rolled freely down her face, sobs rocked forcefully through her once more.

"There's nothing to be sorry for," he said gently, the tone of his voice loving and longing. "Cassie, listen to me, you did nothing wrong."

She shook her head, wiping the tears from her face as she tried to stifle her sobs again. She had been crying for hours, how could there possibly be any tears left in her? "I treated everyone so badly, especially you. How can you even stand to look at me?"

He came swiftly toward her, dropping to his knees as he seized hold of her hands. "Look at me," he ordered gruffly. "Cassie look at me." She lifted her head slowly, her gaze clashing with his bright emerald one. She swallowed heavily, love swamping her. He had been everything to her, and she had turned her back on him. She had turned him away, cutting him deeply, and wounding him greatly. She had blamed him for something that was not his fault, but was in fact hers. She had hurt him greatly, and there was nothing that she could do about it, there was no way to take away the hurt that she had caused him.

"What you went through, what you are going through is an awful, brutal thing. No one knows how they are going to react when they lose someone they love."

"I was cruel though, mean..." her voice trailed off as she turned her attention to the window.

Her forehead furrowed as she tried to recall the way she had felt for the past two weeks. It was as if she had been a different person, as if something had taken her over, filling her with hatred, making her someone alien and cold. Someone she couldn't stand to be around, but had to live with every moment of the day. She couldn't say that to him though, she couldn't tell him that it had been someone else in her body, for it was a cop out. And of course it had been her, who else could it have possibly been?

She turned her attention back to him. "I was someone that I didn't want to be, that I didn't recognize. But it was me, and I was disgusting. I never thought I could be like that."

His hands tightened on hers, his emerald eyes rapidly searched her face. "Stop Cassie, stop doing this to yourself. Stop hating yourself. I love you Cassie. No matter what, I love you." Cassie's eyes widened, anguish tore through her as more tears spilled forth. She didn't deserve his love, not at all. He never would have turned against her, never would have hurt her in this way. "No matter what happens I will always love you."

"No," she moaned, shaking her head, trying to deny his words. "I don't deserve it, don't love me. The people that love me die. They die for me, and they die because of me. Do not love me Devon."

His jaw locked, his eyes blazed fiercely into hers. "You did not cause your grandmother's death; there was nothing that you could have done to stop it. You are the kindest, most giving and loving person I have ever met. I will love you for eternity because you deserve every ounce of that love, and there is nothing that you can do to make me stop loving you. Nothing."

His hand wrapped firmly around the back of her head, his long fingers buried into her hair. "If you want to turn me away again, I will go. It will kill me, but I will do anything for you. But you have to know that I will not leave your life Cassie. I can't. Not when you won't take care of yourself, and not with Julian and Isla out there. I will be here for you until I am certain that you are safe."

She stared at him in stunned surprise. He was so fierce, so intense, and so desperately in need of her. Swallowing heavily, she couldn't stop herself from reaching out to stroke his magnificent face. It had been so long since she had touched him, held him, felt him. Today in the cemetery she had been too distraught to feel the bliss that he brought to her. But now, the peace that he gave her began to steal slowly through her body, seeping into her pores, warming her soul. He turned into her touch, nuzzling her gently. She could feel his desperate need for her; feel the tension that radiated from him as his hand tightened upon her. He was a man trapped in the desert and she was his water.

"How could you forgive me?" she murmured.

"I could forgive you anything. You forgave me."

He took hold of her hand, keeping it pressed to his face as she stared at him in confusion. "Forgave you for what?"

He smiled softly at her. "For my past, for everything that I have done. For everything that I was."

"But there was nothing to forgive you for. You didn't do those things to me Devon; you are different now than you were then."

"There was plenty, you just never realized it because that is who you are Cassie."

Wonder filled her as she gazed at him. Maybe she didn't deserve his love now, but she would do everything in her power to deserve it from now on. She would do everything she could to make it up to him for the way that she had treated him over the past couple of weeks. "I love you too," she whispered. "Always."

Leaning forward, she meant only to place a chaste kiss upon his lips. But it had been too long, and as their mouths met she felt the instant flare of heat. A surge of power and love and need rose up between them. Everything swirled forth, burying her beneath the tumult of emotions that tore through her. Devon's hands clenched upon her, his fingers clasped firmly hold of her skull.

She knew instantly that she had made a mistake; he had been denied too long. He had been turned away, lost and wounded. Now she was accepting him again, and his need, his desire was more intense than she had ever felt it before. And so was hers.

She fell into him, heat pooled through her entire body. His love warmed her soul; it healed her as it blended into her. She had been wrong to turn him away. He was the only person that could truly make her whole and right. The only person that could ease the pain and anger that had taken up residence inside of her. Her mouth opened to his invasion, she welcomed him with a soft sigh, her hands tightened upon him. He was her life raft in a world turned completely upside down.

The kiss became more frantic, more desperate. His muscles were clenched, standing out sharply in his forearms. His teeth elongated, pressing against her lower lip. Though they were slightly painful against her, the feel of them caused excitement to spurt through her as she began to tremble with need. She was falling away, rapidly losing control. The world spun wildly, lurching violently.

Cassie clung tighter to him, needing something to keep her grounded in the chaos that her life had become. He pulled suddenly away from her, nearly causing her to fall off the bed. His head bowed as his shoulders shook. Cassie knew how he felt; she could barely catch her breath. Her heart was pounding rapidly, her body tingled with burning excitement and unfulfilled desire.

"Devon," she ran her hand through his thick black hair, trying to soothe him.

He pulled further away, shaking his head as he moved out of reach. Tears filled her eyes; tightness clenched her chest as she recalled all of the problems they'd had even before her grandmother died. She clearly recalled his struggle to control himself around her, his fear that he would hurt her. They had weathered this last storm together, but there was a much larger hurricane still in their way.

Despair washed over her. She swallowed down the heavy lump that had lodged in her throat. She couldn't lose him again; she had just gotten him back. She needed him. Without him, her life was lost and lonely and full of anger and despair. He was a part of her, and being near her hurt him. It hurt him physically and emotionally, it tore at him as he battled constantly with himself just to stay in her presence without harming her. Cassie shuddered, hugging herself again as he rose to his feet, moving with easy grace to her bureau.

Grabbing hold of the tray, he turned back to her again. His jaw was locked tight, a muscle in his cheek was jumping from the force of it but he seemed determined to stay near her as he slowly approached again. "It might be easier if you sit in the chair."

Cassie shook her head; her stomach was too tight to put food in it right now. "I'm not that hungry," she said softly.

His eyes flared with heat, the muscle in his cheek jumped more forcefully. "You need to eat; you need to start taking care of yourself."

"Devon..."

"When was the last time you ate?" he demanded sharply.

Cassie opened her mouth to answer, and then snapped it closed again. Her forehead furrowed as she tried to recall the last time she had eaten a full meal. The fact that the answer eluded her was more than a little troubling. She hadn't been hungry lately, she had been too angry to be hungry but she had eaten at some point in time. She would have had too. Wouldn't she?

Shaking her head, Cassie tried to clear it of her troubling thoughts. She must have snacked at least, but she really couldn't remember when. "I don't know," she admitted reluctantly, troubled by the answer.

The tension in him notched up a level as his eyes scanned swiftly over her. Cassie stiffened beneath his questioning, troubled gaze. When his eyes came back to hers, there was a fear in them that she didn't understand and that troubled her. "What's wrong?" she asked softly.

He shook his head. "Nothing," he mumbled. "Come on, get in the chair."

She really didn't feel like eating but she thought he might force feed her if she didn't try. Or, he might snap. Deciding to heed his wishes, she slid from the bed and plodded slowly over to her armchair in the corner. He placed the tray in her lap, pulling the cover off the plate of food. She frowned down at the toast and oatmeal.

"Your stomach probably couldn't handle a big meal right now," he explained.

Cassie glanced up at him, managing a wan smile. Picking up the spoon, she picked slowly at the oatmeal. She was surprised by how good it tasted, but she simply could not work up an appetite. "Are you going to watch me the whole time?" she asked softly, picking up a piece of toast.

He eyed her wearily for a few seconds. "I could use a shower."

Cassie smiled at him, waving her hand toward her bathroom. "Go on, I promise I'll eat it all, but you're making me nervous."

He managed a small grin before nodding briefly to her. Turning away, he plodded into the bathroom and shut the door. Cassie ate slowly, listening as the water turned on. She wasn't fooled into thinking he would be in there for long. Focusing her attention on the oatmeal, she forced more of it down. It wasn't until the shower turned off that she realized the rest of the house was oddly silent. Where were Chris, Dani, and Melissa? They had been her constant shadows for the past two weeks, never letting her out of their sight, but she could hear nothing beyond Devon's shuffling around.

The bathroom door opened, Devon's head popped out. His black hair was tussled and damp; it curled boyishly across his forehead. His eyes narrowed on her half eaten oatmeal. Cassie's mouth went dry and parted slightly; her eyes almost bulged out of her head as he stepped out of the bathroom.

He had not placed his shirt back on, leaving the hard muscles of his chest, and the ridged lines of his abdomen revealed to her. His skin was still damp, the glistening water only served to highlight the carved muscles that ran through him. He was magnificent, beautiful and hard. Her heart turned over, it pounded in her chest as excitement spurted through her, causing her toes to curl.

Her forgotten spoon hung limply in her hand. Despite the intimacies they had shared, she had never seen him without his shirt on. Now, she never wanted to see him with it on again. Taking a deep breath, Cassie fought back the shiver of desire that raced through her. She raised her gaze slowly to his, finding his emerald eyes upon her, watching her keenly. An answering spark of hunger and desire glimmered brightly from them.

She was unable to keep back the shiver again as it raced through her, tearing up her back, and leaving her weak. She dropped her spoon, knowing that she would not get another bite into her, not now. Lowering her gaze to the tray, she was ashamed at the heat that flared through her cheeks, crept down her neck and set her skin aflame. "I'm done," she managed to whisper, her voice choked and hoarse.

"Maybe you should eat more."

She shook her head, unable to meet his gaze again. She had been gaping at him like an idiot, completely revealing her inadequacy around the male form. Around his form. She had always been a little embarrassed by her lack of experience around him, now she was mortified. He must think she was an idiot.

"Cassie..."

"I'm good," she interrupted shyly. She had just proven that she was a child; she didn't want to be treated like one too. Her mind flashed to Isla, beautiful, seductive, knowledgeable Isla. She wouldn't have blushed at the sight of Devon's chest, in fact Isla had seen far more of him, and Cassie was certain that Isla had not been at all bashful about it. That realization made Cassie feel like even more of an idiot. Though she knew Devon had never loved Isla, at one time she had been exactly the type of woman he liked. A type that was nothing like her.

She heard him moving around, and then he was in front of her again, gently taking the tray from her hands. She glanced shyly up at him; her face flaming even hotter as she saw that he had put his shirt back on. He knew that it had unsettled her. She truly was an idiot, she thought with an inward groan. An immature, foolish, idiot.

He placed the tray back on the bureau and swiftly returned to her. Taking hold of her hands he knelt before her again. "I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable."

She glanced at him from under lowered lids, trying desperately not to blush even more, but failing miserably. "You didn't make me uncomfortable. Really."

It wasn't a lie, he hadn't made her uncomfortable. He had made her many things, but uncomfortable was not one of them. He leaned in closer, looking wonderfully boyish and hopeful as he peered up at her. She couldn't help but smile at him, enchanted by his emerald eyes. She had missed him so much, ached for him every day, and yet she had turned him away. What had she been thinking?

Though she knew that she had been hurt, deeply wounded, stricken with grief, it was still not an excuse. "You look exhausted," he said softly.

Cassie shrugged absently, fiddling idly with the pleat in the workout pants she wore to bed. "Maybe a little," she whispered.

"When was the last time you slept?"

Shrugging again, she glanced past him to the doorway. She had slept in bits and spurts but nothing solid, and it was always plagued and restless. "I've slept here and there," she admitted softly.

His eyes flickered with that brief flash of worry again. Cassie frowned, surprised by the distress that came from him. "You need to sleep."

Cassie shook her head. "The nightmares," she whispered, frightened by the horrifying images that haunted her sleep. Nightmares about what her grandmother's last moments must have been like, how frightened she must have been, and how painful they must have been.

"I'll keep the nightmares at bay."

Cassie's eyes filled with tears, she reached out to gently stroke him, loving the feel of his hard cheek beneath her palm. She managed a tremulous smile, not wanting to hurt his feelings, but doubtful that he could actually keep them away. She nodded though, knowing that all he wanted was to take care of her and make sure that she was well.

"Yes."

He took hold of her hands, helping her to her feet. Cassie was surprised by the relief that filled her as she climbed onto her bed, curling beneath the comforters he draped over her. The pillow felt like heaven, the sheets were deliciously soft against her skin. Devon closed the door and turned off the light, moments later he was crawling into bed beside her. Cassie cuddled against him as he pulled her tight to him.

He felt wonderful against her, his strong arms wrapped tight around her. She had forgotten just how right it felt to have him curled up against her, making her feel safe and loved. Her eyes began to drift close, the tranquility that settled over her lulled her swiftly to sleep.

CHAPTER 6

Cassie woke slowly, blinking against the rays that filtered through the blinds of her windows. She frowned as she studied those rays, momentarily puzzled by them. It had been so long since she had not watched the sun rise. She didn't recall falling asleep, but she must have, and apparently she had slept through the entire night. Without nightmares.

Devon's arm was wrapped tightly around her, his hard body pressed against her back. She did not feel completely rested, but she definitely felt better. She was also at peace for the first time in so very long. Tears of relief and grief choked her, falling slowly down her cheeks to wet her pillow. Devon's arm tightened around her, drawing her closer as he nuzzled her hair gently.

"Don't cry love."

His words only made her cry harder. He kissed her cheek gently, wiping away her tears with the pad of his thumb. Cassie rolled over to face him; burying her face in his shoulder as she wrapped her arms around him. He held her gently as she cried.

Slowly her tears subsided. Though she was beginning to fear that they would never completely subside, at least not for a little while. Not until she truly grieved for her grandmother, something she had not allowed herself to do for the past two weeks. Though, she doubted she would be given much time to grieve, at least not if Isla and Julian had anything to do with it. Pulling slowly back from him, she looked up into Devon's much loved face. His jaw was tight, a muscle twitched in his cheek. His eyes were hard, flat; distant.

It was a look she knew well.

"You need to feed," she said softly.

He managed a brief nod, looking as if he were in pain. Being this close to her was torture for him, especially when he had gone a long while without feeding. And he had been so busy taking care of her last night that he had not taken care of himself. As she studied him, a thought occurred to her. A consuming need began to build rapidly inside of her.

"What about me?"

He blinked in surprise, recoiling slightly. "Cassie..."

"You can feed from me Devon."

"No!" he said sharply, recoiling even further from her, but she could see the rapidly building hunger and desire flaming through his eyes. He wanted this; she knew that, he wanted it as badly as she did. He was just being stubborn.

"It's ok Devon, you won't hurt me."

Moving swiftly away, he swung his legs over the side of the bed. His hands gripped the mattress so fiercely that the muscles in his arms stood out sharply. His back was ramrod straight, but a small tremor shook him. Cassie reached out to touch his back, but he pulled away, looking as if he was about to bolt away from her.

"You won't hurt me," she said again.

He swung toward her, his eyes flashing briefly from their beautiful emerald to a fierce blood red that robbed her of her breath. "You don't know that!" he snarled.

Though he caused her heartbeat to speed up, the fear that trickled through her was brief and small. He would not hurt her, she was certain of that. He would never hurt her. "I do," she said softly. "You could never hurt me Devon."

He shuddered again. "Cassie your blood, well it's a temptation I'm not sure I can refuse."

"You can," she said forcefully. "I know that you can. I want this Devon; I want to take care of you like you take care of me. I want to ease your need. I want to know what you feel like."

He shuddered again, his hands clenched upon the bed so hard she thought he was going to rip her mattress apart. She could almost hear his teeth grinding as he fought a fierce battle with himself. Cassie sat up slowly, pushing her blankets aside. She reached out for him, her hand stroked over his rigid back. Though he stiffened even more, he did not bolt away from her as she had feared. He was fighting hard with himself, but it was a losing battle, she was almost positive of that.

A surge of victory began to build inside her, but she fought it swiftly back. There was no place for victory here. There was only room for the two of them. "Cassie," he moaned, his head bowing slightly.

"It's ok," she whispered. "I'm here and I'm willing. It's ok."

He turned slowly toward her, rapidly searching her face, looking for any hint of fear. Any hint that she didn't truly want this. "If I hurt you..."

"You won't."

A muscle twitched in his cheek, Cassie soothed it with her hand, pressing her forehead against his. "You're wounded and hurt now."

"And you've helped to heal me."

"Weakened."

She managed a small smile. "Not so much anymore, and I am still stronger than any human."

"If I lose control..."

"You won't."

He stared silently at her, his awe and hunger beat against her shaking deep into her soul. Moving slowly, she wrapped her hand around the back of his neck, kissing him gently. He remained hard against her, unyielding. She felt a brief moment of guilt, this was torturing him, but if she could ease his need, his hunger, than she was going to do so. She wanted to be the one to help him. She wanted to be the one that he turned too. And she desperately wanted to know what it would feel like.

She was surprised that the thought did not repulse her more. Before she had met him it would have disgusted her completely, but now it thrilled and emboldened her. With him, it would be wonderful. She was certain of that, even though she had no reason to believe that it would be. Everything she had seen of vampires feeding was gross, brutal, and deadly.

It would not be so now.

She kissed him again, pressing her lips lightly to his. Though he still did not move against her, she felt a weakening in his body, a yielding that curled her toes in anticipation and excitement. Then, suddenly, his arm snaked firmly around her, locking her in place. He was kissing her back, his mouth hard and demanding against hers.

Cassie's heart hammered wildly in her chest, her fingers tangled in his hair as he pressed tighter against her. She gasped in surprise when he swiftly lifted her and laid her on the bed. For a moment he pulled back, his eyes questioning and worried even though they blazed with his fiery longing. She managed a small nod and a smile.

When he came back to her, his kiss was no longer wild with urgency, but so sweet and gentle that it nearly broke her heart. He kissed her for a long time. Cassie savored in the delicious sensations he aroused in her body, losing herself to him completely. Slowly, it began to change as his hunger beat against her. She didn't know how long it had been since he had fed, but she suspected that he had not been doing it as often as he should.

And that was her fault. He had been so busy worrying and watching over her that he had not been taking care of himself. Guilt tugged at Cassie as she became even more desperate to be the one to ease his torment.

Grasping his head, Cassie knew she would have to make the first move here. He would not go forth otherwise. Gently guiding his head down, she turned her head to allow him better access to her neck. He hesitated for a moment, his mouth hot against her skin. His body stiffened against hers once more. Cassie's heart thumped loudly in anticipation, each beat pounded like a drum in her ears.

She waited breathlessly; scared to move for fear he would pull away. Then, with a small moan, he brushed his lips lightly against the tender skin of her neck. Cassie's hands tightened in his hair as she felt the fluttering brush of his fangs. Another light kiss stroked over her, and then he struck.

Cassie arched off the bed, a small gasp of pain escaping as her hands clenched upon him. His hand entangled lightly in her hair, pulling her head back as he sank deeper, drinking forcefully in long, greedy gulps. His other arm locked firmly around her waist, pulling her against him. Cassie groaned, falling back upon the bed, turning her head to the side as the pain faded away and pleasure rushed forward to engulf her in waves that left her breathless and limp. Her tight grip eased on him as she became suffused in a world of ecstasy and pleasure.

It took her a moment to realize that it was his pleasure she was feeling. It surrounded her, wrapping her within a tight cocoon of warmth and need. His love consumed her, swallowing her completely. It was so true, so pure that it robbed all logical thought from her. It pounded against her, over her, through her. It ended all her doubts, and any lack of self confidence she had ever experienced in his presence.

She suddenly saw herself through his eyes, and to him she was beautiful, loving; strong. He knew that she was not perfect, and he loved her even more for her faults, accepting every one of them. However there was nothing about her that he would change, or would even think about changing. Tears burned her eyes as her heart swelled, feeling as if it were going to burst with joy.

She could also feel his hunger. The thirst that was constantly with him, that plagued him at all times. The battle he fought with himself constantly, especially around her, to maintain control of his murderous instincts. The depth of his need and want for her was staggering. It shook her thoroughly. And something she had never thought could be possible began to happen, her love for him grew. The control it took for him to be around her was far more than she ever could have imagined, and she loved him even more for his ability, and desire, to do so.

Cassie tried desperately to relay her own pleasure and love to him, praying fervently that it reached him as easily as his reached her. She held him tighter, cradling him against her, unaware of the tears of joy and love that slid down her face. "I love you," she whispered over and over, just in case her thoughts were not reaching him, she wanted her words too.

Even when he bit deeper, harder, she felt no fear. She simply allowed herself to drift inside of his love, gratification, and delight. Her fingers curled tighter into his hair, pulling him closer to her. Though she knew he could kill her, she didn't want this to ever end, and there was no fear that he would do so. This bond was so intimate and wonderful that she never wanted it to stop.

He broke away suddenly, shaking as his head dropped onto her shoulder. Cassie stroked him gently, trying to ease the tremors wracking him. Though he was no longer feeding upon her, she was surprised to realize that the bond had not been broken. His emotions still thrummed against her, his love still enveloped her.

"I'm fine," she said in response to the worry she felt pouring from him. He lifted his head slowly, turning toward her. His eyes gleamed as they rapidly scanned her face, trying to assure himself that she was not lying to him. More power than she had ever seen radiated from him. A jolt of satisfaction and pleasure filled her at the realization that it was her blood that had caused the influx of power in him. "Did you take enough?"

A muscle jumped in his cheek, he bent his forehead to hers. "Plenty," he whispered hoarsely. "Are you sure you're ok?"

Cassie stroked his face lightly, wishing to soothe him. "I'm perfectly fine, better than fine even."

He searched her face a moment longer, doubt creased his forehead. Seeming to finally believe her, he rolled to the side, drawing her tight against him. Cassie sighed contentedly as she rested her hand on his chest. He rubbed her back gently, idly playing with her hair. "That was wonderful," she murmured, her eyes drifting closed as serenity enshrouded her.

"Yes, it was."

Cassie yawned, burrowing herself tighter against his hard side. "Is it always like that? Can you always feel other people's emotions?" she wondered.

Devon was silent for a moment, his hand tightened briefly upon her arm. "Only if we want to. We can keep people shut out if we choose, but the exchange of blood opens pathways between the two minds."

"Do you always let people in?"

"Not in a very long time. I never cared what they felt when I thought that it might be good. But sometimes..." he broke off for a moment, seemingly hesitant to continue on, but eventually he did. "Sometimes I enjoyed feeling the pain."

Cassie closed her eyes, trying not to think about what those words said about the monster he had once been. Tried not to think about the fact that though he didn't say it, she knew that he had once taken great pleasure in viciously hurting others. "Is it painful to some for long?" she whispered.

He stiffened against her, not liking this line of questioning, but he would not keep anything from her. "It can be," he admitted.

She shuddered as thoughts of her grandmother blazed into her mind, but she quickly shut them down. This moment was only about the two of them, she was not going to let the outside world intrude upon the ecstasy she had found here.

"Why wasn't it for me?"

He turned into her, his nose gently nuzzling her ear. Shivers of delight racked her as she cuddled closer, burying herself against him. Though his body temperature was lower than hers, he never failed to heat her. "Because you were willing. It is only painful if you fight against it, which most people do. But if you are willing... well things are different if you give your blood freely."

Cassie yawned again, her hand curled tightly into his shirt, lying over the place where his heart no longer beat. That fact had once slightly unnerved her, it no longer did. His hand curled up the back of her head, gently cupping her skull as he dropped a soft kiss on top of her head.

"I have never experienced that before."

Cassie's head shot up, her eyes widened slightly. She hadn't wanted to think about all of the many women he had shared blood with over the years. Especially not Isla. "Really?"

He smiled softly at her, his fingers lightly trailing over her cheek. "Really."

She frowned at him. "How is that possible?"

"I've never met a willing human before, and I've never exchanged blood with a vampire."

Cassie's eyebrows drew tightly together in confusion. "Why not?"

He shrugged, his hand stilling on her cheek as his eyes burned intently into hers. "When vampires exchange blood with each other the pathways are open even more, the mind is even more accessible. It is a very intimate thing, one that only certain vampires share with each other, one that I never wished to share with someone else. Until now."

Cassie thrilled at his words; she couldn't stop the giant grin that spread over her face. She couldn't deny the thrill of possession and superiority that tore through her. They finally had one thing that was theirs, one thing that she did not have to feel self conscious about. He grinned back at her, pulling her down to kiss her gently. She melted against him, sighing softly as she fell into his arms.

She was just beginning to lose herself in his kiss when he pulled away, dropped a chaste kiss on her nose and pulled her head down against his side. "You need your rest."

She wanted to protest his gruff order, but his body was hard and unyielding against hers. It was taking all that he had to keep himself away from her. Plus, it was hard to argue when her eyelids were drifting closed and her body went limp against his.

CHAPTER 7

Devon threw the door of the bathroom open, wincing slightly as it rebounded loudly off the wall. He was still not used to the strength of Cassie's blood flowing inside of him. His entire body thrummed with the energy of her. In all of his hundreds of years, and thousands of victims, he had never tasted anything, or experienced anything, as wonderful and powerful as she was.

And it was more than just the power inside of her, and the thrill that she gave to him. It was her openness; her willingness, her trust, and unadulterated love for him that made him feel as if he could take on the world. He could do anything as long as she was at his side. And he hoped fervently that one day she would chose to stay by his side forever.

Though they had not discussed it again, it was something that they would have to confront sooner rather than later. Tasting her today had eased the fiery hunger of the beast inside him, but she was still human, and that was the biggest problem. He wanted her with him forever, and he wanted her to be safe from the world of death that she resided in.

He knew what she was to him, knew that she was his mate. It was a rare thing for a vampire to find, but once mates were discovered they could never be separated. If she had continued to rebuff him, he would have let her be, but eventually it would have destroyed him. And he could not be certain that he would not have eventually snapped and come back for her anyway, taking her by force. Something he knew would be a very bad thing, especially with his growing fear for her safety residing inside of him. Not to mention his growing fear over what Cassie might truly be, and what might happen to her.

Devon knew what he needed from her; the only problem was that he was beginning to fear that he may never be able to change her.

He didn't want to tell her about mates, for he worried that she would agree to change simply for him. He wanted her to change because she wished too, because she wanted to be with him for eternity, and because it would be safer for her. Not because she felt obligated in order to keep him stable and happy. And he knew that she would do it too.

Her head snapped toward him as he emerged, her shoulders slumped in relief. A blanket was wrapped around her shoulders; her golden hair cascaded around her in disheveled curls. Her face had been pale, but color flooded into it the minute that she saw him. "Are you hungry?" he asked softly, glancing at the clock. It was almost eight; she had slept most of the day away, something he was sure she greatly needed.

She smiled at him; her eyes twinkled brightly in the dim light of the room. "Famished," she admitted softly.

He smiled as he moved toward her. "Well then, let's get you some food."

Taking hold of her hand, he helped her to her feet. He searched her face, looking for any sign that he had hurt her in some way by taking her blood. He had taken more than he should have, more than he had intended, but she had tasted so good, and been so willing that he had become lost in her, and the pleasure that she gave him. Her love had enfolded him, ensnaring him in a web that he had feared he would not be able to break free from. But he had controlled himself far better than he had thought he could. Though, he was beginning to realize that when it came to her, he was able to do anything.

"Are you feeling ok?"

She nodded, glancing up at him from under her long dark lashes. "I feel perfectly fine. Stop worrying so much." Pulling the blanket from her shoulders she dropped it back on the bed. "Is everyone else downstairs?"

"Yes." She nodded; a troubled look crossed her delicate features. "What's wrong?"

She shook her head, flashing him a fleeting grin. "I just hope they're not mad at me."

"Of course they're not."

"I treated them badly."

"They understand Cassie."

"I hope so."

She moved slowly past him, gathering clothes before disappearing into the bathroom. Waiting patiently he sat on the edge of the bed until she returned. The black turtleneck she wore highlighted her creamy complexion and golden hair, while clinging to her lithe figure. Even with the weight she had lost, she was still curvaceous. He hiked an eyebrow marveling at her beauty as she moved gracefully across the room to grab hold of her hair brush.

She was amazing. He rose slowly, coming up behind her as she finished brushing her hair. Her eyes caught his in the mirror, a small smile played across her full mouth. He pulled down the collar of her turtleneck, his body tightened at the sight of the two marks on her neck. His marks.

A thrill of possession raced through him. She was his completely, and always, even if he could not change her. He touched the marks lightly, resting his fingertips gently against them. She winced slightly, the wounds still fresh and sore. "I can get rid of those for you," he said softly.

He should have done it to begin with. Should have closed the wounds immediately, but he had liked the idea of her bearing his mark. He had wanted her to have them for a little longer. But now that she was going back into the world, it would be safer for all of them if he closed the wounds.

Cassie smiled at him, her hand rested lightly over his. "That's ok, I like knowing they're there, and they probably won't be there long. I heal..."

"Fast," he finished for her, hating the reminder of the special, frightening abilities she did possess.

She smiled innocently at him in the mirror; she had no idea the direction his thoughts had taken. His fingers tightened slightly on her delicate neck. He shuddered, fighting the consuming urge to pull her against him and never leave this room. She turned into him, wrapping her arms around his waist, resting her head against his chest as she sensed his desperate need, and the fierce battle within him. His fingers entangled in her silken hair as he cradled her lightly against him.

All of the pain and agony he had been living with for the past couple weeks was gone. She soothed every ragged piece of his soul. She was everything he had ever wanted, and more. The rumbling of her stomach brought him back to reality. She was hungry, and he needed to take care of her.

Releasing her, he pulled the turtleneck back up, gently covering the wounds. She smiled softly up at him, her eyes twinkling brightly. Her fingers slid easily into his, clenching briefly. He followed her out of the room, her nervousness pounding against him as she fidgeted with the collar of her shirt. He leaned down close to her, brushing his lips lightly against her cheek. "It will be ok."

She shot him a frightened look but nodded swiftly. Soft voices drifted from the kitchen, the scraping of silverware on plates could be heard. Cassie glanced worriedly up at him, her hand tightened on his as he stepped through the door, pulling her gently behind him. She stood half behind him, a small tremor working through her.

Chris, Melissa, and Dani looked up as they entered. Worry flashed briefly across their faces as they glanced from her to Devon. Chris's eyes remained locked on Devon's for a moment, his gaze was questioning before he turned his attention back to Cassie. She managed a small smile for them, her fingers fiddled with her shirt once more.

"Hi guys," she said softly.

"How are you feeling?" Melissa inquired anxiously.

"Much better."

Chris rose suddenly, striding across the room to her. "It's good to have you back."

He enfolded her in a tight bear hug, pulling her close against him. Devon felt Cassie's momentary jolt of surprise before she wrapped her arms around Chris. Devon took a step back, fighting the jealousy and possessive urge that surged through him. Chris was her best friend, he knew that. Hell, he was Devon's best friend now, but he still didn't like other men touching her, holding her.

Cassie smiled brilliantly up at Chris as he took a step back. "It's good to be back."

"You're feeling better?"

"Yes. I'm sorry for the way I've acted," her gaze darted to Dani and Melissa. "To all of you."

Melissa was grinning from ear to ear as she hurried over to hug Cassie. "It's ok, we understand. I'm just so happy you're back."

Tears shimmered in Cassie's eyes as Melissa took a step away and Dani embraced her. "Are you hungry?" Chris asked anxiously. "Melissa made baked ziti, and I have to admit it's not half bad."

Melissa pushed him lightly. "Not half bad? You're on your third helping."

He grinned back at her, turning on his heel as he hurried across the kitchen, eagerly grabbing a plate. Cassie took hold of Devon's hand again, her smile wonderfully beautiful as she made her way slowly to the island everyone had gathered around. Chris slapped an overflowing plate of food in front of her, causing her eyebrows to rise in surprise. "You've got a lot of catching up to do," he explained.

Cassie laughed softly, picking up her fork she dug in. Devon watched her carefully, relieved to have her back, relived to see her eating with such gusto, relieved to see that he had not hurt her. He had wanted to give her a little of his blood, not enough to change her, but just enough to give her some strength after the blood loss she had experienced.

However, he had decided against it almost immediately. He wanted her to have his blood inside her, wanted to know what it would be like to have her feeding from him. But he could not take the risk that something might happen to her if he did give her his blood. Not when he and Luther still had no idea exactly what Cassie was.

***

"Apparently they weren't being indifferent to me because of my grandmother's death, but because I was no longer dating you."

Cassie glanced up at Devon. He stood stiffly behind her in the lunch line, refusing to leave her for even a moment, even if he didn't eat lunch. His hand tightened on her waist, his emerald eyes disdainfully scanned the cafeteria. The buzz about her, which had died down after her grandmother's death, had now returned tenfold. The nasty whispers were flying rapidly around again. The angry glares and waves of hatred were once more pounding against her.

Cassie pressed tighter to Devon; her hand clenched his as the line moved slowly forward. Though she had tried to become accustomed to the hatred of the students, she still did not like it, nor did she understand it. She knew that the girls wanted Devon, but so much hatred because of jealousy was something that she would never understand.

He bent low to her, his mouth warm as he nuzzled her neck gently through the material of her dark green turtleneck. Cassie shuddered pressing tighter to him as her toes curled instantly. He nudged her gently forward as the line moved. She grabbed hold of a tray, grateful that Devon was with her. The whispers were not so bad when he was near. None of the girls wanted to appear catty or cruel in front of him, and after Devon had lifted Mark with one hand and slammed him into a wall, none of the boys were willing to risk having his anger and strength turned on them. His presence also helped to keep her stable and grounded, helped to ease the pain that the cruel comments caused.

Reaching the front of the line, Cassie grabbed her food, paid for it, and hurried free of the confining lunch line. Dani and Chris were already at the table, talking softly. Cassie slumped into her chair, taking a deep breath of relief. "How's it going?" Chris asked softly.

"Just peachy," she replied, managing a wry smile.

Chris's eyes were troubled as he turned away, swiftly scanning the cafeteria. "Bunch of jerks," he mumbled.

"I'm used to it by now."

Devon's arm tightened on the back of her chair. Melissa dropped her lunch bag on the table, sliding into her chair she dug out an apple, biting into it. "What an awful day," she muttered.

"I second that," Chris agreed.

Cassie shrugged, her gaze falling on Devon. He was back in her life now, so no matter how awful the day was it could never be as awful as the past couple of weeks. Her fingers darted up to her neck, joy suffused her as she pressed against the small wounds there. Though she was a fast healer, the marks were still barely visible upon her skin. Touching them now, she was once more swept away by the rush of love that had encompassed her when he had been feeding upon her.

He glanced at her, his eyebrows drawing sharply together as he studied her worriedly. She smiled reassuringly up at him, dropping her hand from her neck. Pressing a gentle kiss to her cheek, he lightly stroked her face. Cassie didn't realize she had stopped breathing until he sat back. The effect he had on her was startling and intense. It didn't ease either, but grew everyday that she was around him.

"Eat," he whispered.

She managed a small nod, picking her pizza up numbly as she began to slowly pick at her food. "When is Luther coming back?" Chris inquired.

Melissa shrugged, eyeing her sandwich with distaste. "I don't know, I haven't heard from him in a couple of days." Devon shifted beside her, his hand idly stroking the back of her neck. Though he appeared nonchalant she could sense a sudden tension humming through him. "Probably be back soon."

Cassie continued to pick at her lunch, forcing herself to swallow the soggy pizza. "You know we should probably go out hunting tonight."

Devon stiffened beside her, his hand momentarily tightened on the back of her neck. "Cassie..."

"We have to go back out," she insisted. "They're still out there. They are going to start killing people again. I just wish I knew where they've been."

That was the worst of it, she knew they were out there, but they had been hiding low for so long that she was becoming truly petrified about what they were planning. It had to be something awful. Devon began to caress her again when she shuddered with dread. She turned toward him, her eyes questioning.

"Do you know where they are?"

Devon shook his head, his dark hair falling across his forehead. "No Cassie."

"But they are planning something big."

His forehead furrowed. "I don't know what they're planning Cass, but I don't think it's a good idea for you to go back out there right now."

Her eyes narrowed sharply. "I am much better now."

"But you're still angry and..."

"Of course I'm angry," she interrupted hotly, her hands clenching tightly. Taking a deep breath she forced herself to remain calm. Being flustered and fierce would get her nowhere. "But something has to be done before they destroy more families."

Devon sighed softly, his head bowed slightly. "I know how you feel Cassie, but why don't you wait until Luther comes back."

"Why? We've gone out since he left."

"I know that, but I think it would be best if you waited. Give yourself a little more time to regroup, and Luther is your Guardian."

She bristled slightly, hating his logic, hating the confines placed against her. She glanced around the cafeteria, taking in all the people that had turned against her. Though they hated her now, the last thing she wanted was for one of them to get hurt, for one of them to experience the heart wrenching loss that clung to her. They may hate her, but she was the only protection they had against the monsters haunting their town, and she was going to do everything she could to keep them safe.

Her gaze darted to the large cafeteria windows, squinting past the slowly swirling flakes of snow. "Why have they been so quite?" she whispered thoughtfully. Out of the corner of her eye she caught the fleeting glances they all exchanged. Something bristled inside her, causing her to shift uncomfortably in her chair. "What's with the look?"

Melissa bowed her head, placing her tomato sandwich down as she leaned back in her chair. Her onyx eyes gleamed in the harsh light of the cafeteria. "They haven't," she answered softly, glancing nervously at the others.

"Excuse me?" Cassie asked sharply.

"They haven't been quiet," Chris said more forcefully. "They are out there."

"I don't understand what you're saying; no murders have been reported..."

"Cassie, when was the last time you read the paper or watched the news?"

Her hands fisted, her eyes darted briefly to Devon who was watching her intently, concern radiated from him. Swallowing heavily, she turned her attention back to Chris who looked extremely uncomfortable. "I... I don't know," she admitted reluctantly.

"They have been out there Cass. There have been murders, or animal attacks, or whatever the police are coming up with to help them sleep at night. There have been more missing people reported."

"Why didn't you tell me?"

They all shifted uncomfortably. Chris leaned across the table, his hands resting lightly upon hers. Devon stiffened slightly beside her, but he didn't protest. "Because you couldn't handle it."

"Yes I could have!" she retorted, shock and outrage rolling through her.

"Cassie, you could hardly handle crawling out of bed in the morning."

Tears burned the backs of her eyes; guilt filled her as she shook her head. She tried to deny his words, but she knew that they were right. She was an idiot, she realized with a silent groan. She should have known that Julian and Isla would not go into hiding, especially not after the blow that they had dealt to her. They would be relishing in their victory over her, and reveling in her inability to stop them. Her inability to handle her grief and anger had caused even more people to be killed. Guilt and self hatred swamped her, nearly choking her with its intensity. She had been created for one purpose, to hunt, to destroy, and to keep innocent people safe.

She had failed miserably on all accounts.

"It's my fault then."

"Of course not," Devon said sharply, shooting Chris an angry look. "You're human Cassie, you lost a loved one and you needed to grieve for that loss. It is Julian and Isla's fault, not yours."

Cassie turned away from them, fighting back waves of grief and anger. It didn't matter what they said, she was going to blame herself. "But I'm not human," she lamented. "So that's even more of a reason to get out there in force now."

Devon shifted; his hand stroked her neck again. "We'll figure it out Cassie."

She frowned at him, but nodded just to keep him satisfied. The snow outside began to pick up, swirling more rapidly as the wind howled against the glass. Cassie shivered in response, huddling deeper into her turtleneck and sweater. The sky was dark, an oppressive steel gray that hung heavy in the air.

Cassie sat up, her eyebrows drawing sharply together as she searched the dark day. She recalled the cloudy day on the beach when they had first felt Julian's evil, twisted presence. It had been overcast, making it possible for him to move about in the daytime, much like today. A knot twisted in Cassie's stomach, a feeling of foreboding raced down her spine.

Glancing around the cafeteria, she briefly envied everyone their simple, ignorant lives. They had no idea what lurked out there, what hunted them, what cruelty resided in the world. They knew football games, dances, and parties. It was a simple life, one she should have had, but was glad she didn't.

For every twist and turn in her life had brought her to Devon. And there was nothing that she wanted to change about that outcome.

"They're planning something bad," she whispered softly.

"What do you have premonitions now too?" Chris inquired, trying to sound light but failing.

Cassie forced a smile to her lips. "No, just a feeling."

Cassie pushed her plate away, giving up on eating anymore. The tight knot in her stomach would not let anymore food through. Devon shot her a look but didn't say anything. Taking hold of her hand he began to gently massage the back of it with his thumb. Cassie lost herself to the comfort, warmth, and love of his touch.

CHAPTER 8

The snow was still falling in lazy spirals, piling up on the lawn, coating the trees. Cassie turned away from the window, happy to be inside, out of the cold. Chris, Dani, and Melissa were gathered around the island, talking softly as they dealt another hand of cards. A sharp pain of longing tugged at Cassie's heart, her grandmother had loved to play cards. They used to have nights where they would all sit and play together. Unfortunately, those nights had been few and far between before her grandmother had passed on.

Pouring a cup of coffee she blew on the top of it before taking a sip. Devon strode into the room. Her heart flipped in her chest, her stomach did a strange turn. His eyes instantly found hers, a beautiful grin spread over his full lips. His still damp hair was tussled across his forehead. His lean muscles moved with his fluid grace beneath the jeans and shirt he wore so easily. A strange thrill shot through her, he was magnificent, and he was hers.

She smiled back at him, turning her attention swiftly back to her cup of coffee before thoughts of last night intruded, the intimacy of it taking her over. Looking for reassurance she gently touched the marks on her neck, smiling softly as she recalled him there. Feeding from her; gaining strength from her body.

"Still snowing?" he asked softly, stopping before her. His hard legs brushed against hers as he leaned forward, pushing aside the curtain to look outside. Cassie's mouth went dry; her body instinctively responded to his, pressing closer as need ensnared her. He was so warm, so strong and sure.

She tilted her head back to look at him, not at all surprised to find his eyes on her, and not the outside world. His smile was gone, his gaze dark and intense. Leaning closer to her, he rested his hands upon the counter on either side of her. Though she knew that there were other people in the room, she could not bring herself to care as every cell in her being became focused upon him, and his touch.

"Like crazy. Maybe we won't have school tomorrow," Dani said brightly.

"Hmm," Chris agreed absently.

Cassie barely heard their conversation over the excitement pounding through her. She wanted nothing more than to lean into Devon and lose herself to his touch. Something inside of her was shifting, changing, growing. She was beginning to realize that it was only a matter of time before she lost complete control and allowed free rein to everything she was thinking and feeling.

Though she had thought she would be frightened by that realization, she was not. In fact, she was thrilled and awed by it. Things were going to change drastically between them, and she was eager to embrace every one of those changes. They would be wonderful, she was certain of it.

Cassie jumped in surprise when Devon's phone went off. Her eyes narrowed as he pulled it swiftly out. Worry flashed through his eyes as he read the message, hit a few buttons and flipped it closed. His eyes came slowly back to hers, they were cold and distant. "Who... who was that?" she asked, trying to keep the nervousness from her voice. Whoever it was had caused his mood to change in the space of a heartbeat.

He shook his head as he slipped his phone into his pocket. "I need to go out for a bit."

"Out? Where?" Unreasonable panic filled her; she couldn't understand the abrupt change that had come over him. Moments ago he was warm and caring, now he was distant, withdrawn, a stranger. And she didn't know who he could possibly be talking to that would cause such a change. She was fairly certain that almost everyone he talked to was in this room, unless it was a girl. Cassie quickly shut the thought down; she had experienced his feelings last night. She knew that he only thought of her, that he only loved her. But who could he possibly have been talking to?

"I just need to pick up a few things from my place."

"Can you grab me some things too?" Chris asked absently.

Cassie felt her mouth drop as she turned toward Chris. Chris froze for a moment, his hands tightened around the cards he held. His head came slowly up, his eyes wide with horror as he realized exactly what it was he had let slip out. "Too?" she inquired softly.

Chris's eyes darted nervously to Devon. "Chris has been staying at my place once in awhile," Devon said softly, resting his hands on Cassie's shoulders.

Her eyes widened, betrayal jolted through her. For a moment anger flared inside her, but she somehow managed to push it back down before it consumed her again. She knew how awful Chris's home life was, knew how miserable it was for him to be at home. Her grandmother had taken care of him more than his own mother had. Chris had spent most of his nights sleeping on Cassie's floor, but he wouldn't have wanted to be here after her grandmother had died. It would have been hard on him, and Cassie understood that, but she could not shake the shock that kept her gaping at them. She had never even been to Devon's apartment, and Chris was apparently staying there.

Just how close had they gotten over the past two weeks?

"I see," she said softly.

"Cassie..."

"No, it's fine. I'm fine, really." She cut Chris off, forcing a reassuring smile. "Really."

Devon massaged her shoulders gently. "I'm sorry I didn't tell you," Chris said, his gaze momentarily darting to the window. "I just... I just needed a break."

"A break?"

His smile was wan as he ducked his head. "Your emotions, and Devon's, weren't exactly easy to deal with, and I couldn't keep them shut out."

"Oh," Cassie said dully. And if Devon was here watching over her, then Chris would be bombarded with both of their emotions, even when Chris was at his own house. She glanced back at Devon, noting the stiff set of his jaw, and the arms now folded firmly over his chest. He didn't look comfortable with the issue of his emotions being spoken about so freely. "Sorry."

Chris grinned at her. "It's quite alright, the giant plasma TV more than made up for not being able to stay at my own crappy house."

Cassie blinked in surprise then glanced questioningly at Devon. "Not mine," he said with a casual shrug. She quirked an eyebrow but refrained from saying anymore. "I have to go, but I'll be back in a little bit."

He bent to drop a quick, soft kiss on her cheek. Cassie's hand lingered on his face, gently stroking over its much loved contours. She had a bad feeling about him leaving, her worry still lingered, but she did not want to seem like a needy, clingy girlfriend. Even if she desperately did need him. "Be safe."

A soft grin teased the corners of his mouth. "Stay inside."

"Oh you can count on that," Melissa said softly, shivering slightly. "Damn weather."

Devon kissed her again, squeezing her hand gently before leaving the room. Cassie turned back to the window, watching as he hurried to his car. He was huddled deep into his jacket, his hands shoved into his pockets against the cold. She instantly missed him; an ache bloomed in her chest. Shaking her head, she turned away from the window. She was being ridiculous; he would only be gone for a little while.

But they had spent too much time apart, and she had only recently gotten him back in her life. She wasn't ready to be separated from him now, even if it was for a short period of time. Cassie rubbed the bridge of her nose as she stepped away from the counter, trying to ease the tension inside her. Chris tapped the stool beside him, gesturing for her to sit down.

"I'll deal you in."

"Sounds good," she mumbled.

***

Devon pulled his car into Luther's driveway and turned off the headlights. He sat for a moment, not ready to know what Luther had learned, if anything. Luther's text had simply said that he needed to speak with him as soon as possible. That didn't mean that Luther had learned something, he may simply want to speak with Devon when no one else was around. Luther didn't know that Cassie was with him again. That she was doing better now.

And all of that might be about to change.

Sighing heavily, Devon shoved his car door open. It couldn't be avoided; he had to know what had happened while Luther was gone. Trudging through the snow, he huddled into his coat, dreading every step he took. He was almost to the door when Luther opened it.

Luther's normally neat hair was in disarray. The fine lines around his mouth and eyes were drawn tight and pinched. His glasses were already in hand. One look at him told Devon that he was not going to like what the man had to say.

It was not the cold of the night that was causing the chill in him now. "You learned something," he said flatly.

Luther slid his glasses back on, nodding briskly. "I did. You had better come in."

Devon braced himself, fighting back the dread that rolled through him. Stepping inside, he waited as Luther closed the door behind him, shutting out the storm beyond. Devon followed as Luther moved into the living room. Neither of them sat as Luther began to pace. "Is it what I feared?" Devon asked quietly.

Luther pulled his glasses off again, squeezing his nose with his fingers. "I think it may be worse," he replied tightly.

Devon felt as if someone had socked him in the stomach. Terror filled him as his jaw clenched tight and his hands fisted at his sides. He was prepared to fight for Cassie, prepared to die for her, but he could not defend her from herself. And that was who he feared she would need the most protection from.

***

"What was that?"

Cassie lowered her cards, frowning as she strained to see or hear whatever it was that had caught Dani's attention. The small girl was standing by the backdoor, the light on as she watched the swirling snow. "What was what?" Chris asked around his mouthful of chips.

"I thought I saw something."

A shiver raced down Cassie's back, foreboding crept into her stomach, knotting firmly. She glanced at Chris and Melissa, who were as frozen as she was. Dani took a small step back from the door, glancing fearfully at them. "I know I saw something," she whispered.

The lights flickered out. Cassie jumped, nearly knocking her water over as she bumped the table. She righted it quickly as the lights flared back on and then flickered out again. Cassie rose swiftly, striding purposely to the back door. "Cassie," Chris said warningly.

"I'm not going out there," she replied sharply.

Dani stepped beside her, she pointed toward the thick copse of oak trees at the edge of the backyard, just beyond her old tire swing. Narrowing her eyes, Cassie focused all of her attention on that area. Then she saw it, a flash of moment to the right that snapped her head in that direction. Dani jumped in surprise, bumping into Cassie as she took a frightened step back. Chris and Melissa were already on their feet; their eyes were wide with worry and fear as they edged closer.

"Go," Cassie urged Dani, pushing her away from the threshold, nudging her back toward the house.

She had a very bad feeling she already knew who was out there, and she didn't want Dani anywhere near them. Glancing back, she froze, horror curdled through her stomach as ice crept through her veins. Her hand tightened on Dani's shoulder, unintentionally holding her in place as her legs became blocks of cement. Isla had appeared in the backyard, her auburn hair was coated with flakes of falling snow. The low cut black dress she wore floated about her in the wind; the wet material clung to her curvaceous figure.

But it was not the haunting beauty of the woman, or her sudden appearance that made Cassie freeze instantly. No, it was the person by her side. The boys brunette hair stood out in sharp contrast to the snow as it tumbled around him in wet straggles. Snow was beginning to coat his hair, turning it a grayish brown color. Nausea curdled in Cassie's stomach, a lump of terror lodged in her throat. Dani took a step closer to her, pressing against Cassie's side.

Cassie didn't know what to say, what to do. Chris and Melissa moved closer, huddling tight against them. Isla flashed a smile at them, flicking the snow off of her as she shook back her long dark hair. With a crooked finger she beckoned tauntingly for them to come outside. "What do we do?" Dani asked softly.

Isla bent swiftly; lifting the boy from the ground she forced him to his feet as she held the back of his shirt. Blood trickled down his neck, staining the thin shirt he wore. Melissa gasped sharply, while Dani moaned. The boy was young, no more than twelve or thirteen. "We go out there," Cassie said softly.

"Cassie..."

"We have to Melissa. We have to."

Melissa sighed softly, nodding slowly. "I know that, but I think we need to prepare a little first."

Cassie bit nervously on her bottom lip as she studied the swirling snow. Aside from Isla the scene was blessedly, deceivingly tranquil. The beauty of the snow was so out of place and wrong with the monster standing amidst it. It should be a fiery scene from hell out there, or at least thunder and lightning instead of the silent wonderland surrounding her.

But no matter how surreal it all was, Cassie knew that they had to go out there and face it. That she had to go out there and face it. "Get the supplies, meet me out there," she said softly.

"Cassie." Chris grabbed hold of her arm, halting her progress. "Melissa and I are coming with you. Dani, in the living room there's a trunk..."

"I know where it is," Dani interrupted her voice bordering on hysteria.

"Grab some supplies out of it and meet us outside, I have a feeling we're going to need your ability the most."

"Julian would have warned Isla about that," Cassie said softly, fighting the urge to ring her hands nervously.

"Is Julian out there?" Melissa asked sharply, her eyes intent on Chris.

Chris's gaze became distant, his body stiff. He was silent for a moment and then he shook his head. "I don't feel him out there, but that doesn't mean he isn't. He was able to keep himself cloaked from me before. Unless he wants us to know he's there, we won't."

Fear curdled through Cassie but she abruptly pushed it aside. There was no room for fear here, there never had been. There never would be. "Go Dani," Melissa urged gently.

She turned to hurry away, but Cassie grabbed hold of her arm, and slipped her cell phone into Dani's hand. "Call Devon," she said softly, hoping that Isla could not hear her over the rising crescendo of the wind, and the door.

Dani stared fearfully up at her, her eyes watering with tears. She nodded abruptly and fled the room. "Come on," Chris urged.

He reached forward and pulled the door open. Cassie winced slightly as the sharp sting of the icy wind hit her. The sneakers she slipped on did little to barricade her feet against the cold snow. It trickled down inside of them, freezing against her sockless skin. She wanted to hug herself against the cold, but she didn't dare keep her hands occupied with anything at the moment. She would need them to defend herself soon enough.

Isla smiled at them as she released the young boy. He fell back into the snow, barely lifting his head before letting it drop again. Cassie took a step toward him, wanting to go to the boy, to save him, but Chris halted her. "Where's your friend?" he inquired coldly, raising his voice to be heard across the distance.

Isla shrugged a dainty, bared shoulder. She had to be freezing, but she showed no signs of it. "I wanted this to just be the two of us; Julian graciously agreed to it."

The two of us? Cassie's gaze darted worriedly to Chris and Melissa, terror filled her. The two of us would not include them. She was certain of that. And they would not leave her, so what exactly could Isla have planned that would get rid of them?

***

"That was the most I could find on any of the other Hunter's with Cassie's ability, or lack thereof."

Devon stared out the window as Luther finished speaking. His hands clenched and unclenched, his mind raced at a hundred miles an hour. He didn't know what to think about what Luther had just told him. "But you found records of the one Hunter like Cassie dying in a strange manner? Of her acting differently than the others?" he asked softly.

"Yes, strange behavior was recorded about her before she died, or The Commission killed her."

Devon turned sharply, anger boiled through him. "Killed her?" he demanded sharply.

Luther nodded as he rubbed at his temples. "Yes, The Commission would not want to admit that there was a mistake somewhere in the bloodline of The Hunters, and they wouldn't want anyone else to know about that mistake. They would want to make sure they buried it, even if it meant destroying the only piece of evidence there was. The girl herself."

Disgust curdled through Devon's stomach at the thought of the cold hearted bastards that ran The Guardian's and The Hunter's. At one point The Commission had consisted of the twelve oldest Guardians, and they had dictated where every Hunter and Guardian would go. Devon had no idea how many of them were left, if any, after The Slaughter. After hearing Luther's words, he hoped that they were all dead, because if they weren't...

If they weren't, they would come for Cassie.

Fury tore through him at the thought. He shook as he tried to control his rage, his hands fisted at his sides as he fought the urge to smash the walls. "They destroyed the girl," he growled.

Luther's eyes were broken, lost, as he met Devon's gaze wearily. "I believe they did. It was only pure luck that I ran across a book with notes from that particular Hunter's Guardian in it. He didn't want her death covered up, he wanted what happened to her to be known, but unfortunately he didn't have a choice."

"The Commission made him cover it up?" Devon inquired.

Luther hesitated, his eyes darted nervously around the room. "I think they killed him."

Devon's eyes widened, his hands fisted even harder as his mouth dropped. "What?" he demanded sharply.

"The girls name was Gertrude, her Guardian Henry, died shortly after she was killed. Both of their deaths were recorded as means unknown. After Gertrude there were no more Hunter's like Cassie. For over three hundred years, every Hunter has had some ability. Cassie is the first Hunter not to have one in a very long time."

Devon blinked in surprise. The Guardian's knew how every one of their kind had died, along with their Hunter's. They kept meticulous notes about it, notes that Devon had tediously helped to sift through. Every one of the Hunters and Guardian's had been painstakingly accounted for from the moment of their creation, to the moment of their demise. That this particular Hunter, and Guardian, had somehow slipped through the cracks was a giant red flag that something was wrong.

"I see. Does The Commission know you were looking for this information?"

Luther closed his eyes and dropped his head into his hands. "I don't know. I tried to keep the search as quite as possible, but with everyone as scattered as they are, I did have to reach out to more people than I had wanted to. It was one of these people that helped me locate the book about Gertrude. It had been in his vast collection, buried in his basement, forgotten. I don't think he even knew he had it when he allowed me access to his collected works."

"But if he did?"

Luther shook his head, his grey eyes were lost; his hair was in even more wild disarray as he continued to tug anxiously at it. "I don't consider him close enough to say that I trust him."

If he still breathed, Devon knew that he would not be able to do so anymore. "Does The Commission still exist?" Devon growled, worry for Cassie's safety gnawing at him.

Luther sighed heavily. "They are not as powerful as before, but yes, they still exist." Luther paused for a moment, hesitant as to whether or not to continue. Then, he just plunged on. "Devon, I don't think Gertrude is an isolated incident. I think The Commission may have killed off all of the others like Cassie, or at least they did after Gertrude."

Devon froze as shock slammed through him. "What?" he asked softly, his voice choked.

"Before Gertrude there was at least one Hunter every few decades with no abilities. After, there were none. I think The Commission began to kill them off in order to limit the liability that these Hunter's represented to them."

Devon's legs almost buckled, he had to lean against the door jam in order to keep himself upright. "Are you serious?" he croaked out.

Luther sighed softly as he pulled his glasses swiftly off. "I believe in what I do, Devon. I believe that I help in the world, that I am part of a good cause. But I know that The Commission was full of a bunch of very old fashioned, uppity individuals that would not allow any imperfection, and to them these Hunter's were a liability. They would fear whatever happened to Gertrude, what could happen to Cassie..."

Luther broke off, his unspoken words hung heavily in the air. Devon knew what he had been unwilling to say though. If The Commission somehow did know what Luther had been digging for, and why he had been digging for it, then they might come for Cassie. They would not take any risks with the Hunter bloodline. They would want to cover up any proof that there might be faults within the line, and Cassie was that proof. He needed to get Cassie out of this damn town; there was far too much danger here for her. Unfortunately, it was something that she absolutely refused to do. Cursing violently, Devon spun and began to storm back the other way.

They might try to take her away from him if she stayed in this town, and if they knew where she was. They would not want a living reminder of the genetic abnormality in the Hunter line, and that was all they would see Cassie as. They would see her as dangerous, volatile, and unstable. And although the Hunter and Guardian line had been decimated, she would be considered a liability to them, and The Commission would not want that.

"Cassie is not an imperfection," Devon growled.

Luther nodded as he slid his glasses on. "I know that," he said softly. "But to them she would be, and it could not be allowed. If they thought that the other Hunters like her were a danger, or a threat to The Commission in any way, then they would have destroyed them."

Devon stood in stunned silence for a moment longer, barely able to form a coherent thought. Fury boiled through his veins at the thought of those men sitting back, idly deciding who would live, and who would die. "So, The Slaughter may very well have saved her life," Devon said softly.

Luther was silent for a moment, his thoughts focused on the massacre that had robbed many Hunter's and Guardian's of their lives. "As ironic as that is, yes. The Slaughter may very well be the reason that she is still alive."

Anger surged through Devon. "They'll come for her, if they know what you were looking for, they'll come for her."

"There aren't enough of them left to bother her Devon," Luther didn't sound completely convinced himself. "And we don't even know if anything will come of what I uncovered."

Devon wasn't completely convinced. "Do we tell her?"

Devon's phone went off, the default ringer loud in the oppressive room. He fished it out of his pocket, his chest tightened at the sight of Cassie's name. He didn't know what to say to her right now, he didn't know if he could keep the stress out of his voice. He almost slipped the phone back in his pocket, but she would only worry if he didn't answer, and the last thing he wanted was to cause her anymore stress.

He held up a finger to Luther as he walked a few feet away. "Hello."

"Devon! Devon! You need to get back here as soon as possible! Now!" A voice rushed over the line.

He froze, blinking as he tried to place the strange voice on the other end of his phone. It certainly wasn't Cassie's. "Dani?" he asked in surprise.

"Yes, yes," she replied impatiently. "You need to get back here now! Isla's outside, and they're outside with her, I have to go help them!"

Devon stood for a stunned moment after the line went dead. Then panic and terror tore through him. Dropping the phone, he raced past a startled Luther, throwing the door open. "Devon!" Luther shouted in surprise.

"Cassie's!" he yelled back at him.

Leaping into the storm, Devon drew on every ounce of power that Cassie's blood had given him as he raced into the night.

No matter how fast he moved, he was terrified that he would not get to her in time.

CHAPTER 9

Cassie took a step closer to Melissa and Chris, fear rolling through her. Isla had not moved yet, but there was a strangely superior smile on her face. In the air, Cassie could suddenly feel a strange, sizzling power beginning to build. Terror froze her as she glanced worriedly at Chris and Melissa, who had the same horrified looks of realization on their faces she was certain was on hers. She recalled belatedly that they had never asked Devon what Isla's power was. What she was capable of doing. The backdoor slammed open moments before Isla released her power in a brutal rush of electricity.

A terrifying jolt seemed to turn the world upside down. Cassie shook her head, trying to ease the accelerated beat of her heart. Her skin tickled strangely, her hair stood on end. She looked down, surprised to see that the ends of her arm hair were singed. The stench of burnt flesh and hair hung heavy in the damp air.

She glanced wildly around her, spinning in a circle when she realized that Chris and Melissa were no longer standing beside her. Nausea and horror spiraled through her; she raced toward where they lay, unmoving on the ground.

"No, no, no!" she cried, falling to her knees in the snow beside Chris.

Grasping hold of his arm, she was horrified by the burns that marred his pale skin. But she instantly felt the beat of his heart, the warmth of his skin. Glancing at Melissa she was relieved to see the subtle rise and fall of her chest. Thankfully they were alive, but they had been completely knocked out.

Dani fell into the snow beside her, her gold flecked eyes wide with horror. Cassie recalled what Devon had said about the abilities of a Grounder. When a vampire and a Hunter met up, they cancelled each other out. That was why Dani was still on her feet, but why was she?

Cassie glanced worriedly back at Isla. Apparently Isla had more practice at controlling her power than Dani did. She could control who she wanted to take out with her blast of electricity, and who she did not. Cassie shuddered, terror crept down her spine; she had to keep Isla at bay. She had to keep Isla from her friends, but she had no idea how she was going to do it. "You need to get them inside," she whispered to Dani.

Dani's eyes widened, her gaze darted past Cassie to Isla. "I can't leave you out here."

"She won't let me get inside, she might let you. You need to get them out of here."

"Cassie..."

Cassie pulled the stake from where it had been tucked into the sleeve of Dani's coat. "Go on," she said softly.

"But..."

"Dani, the three of you need to live through this. You have to help them." Dani still looked doubtful, her eyes troubled and worried. "It's me she wants. She'll let you go, now go."

Before Dani could protest further, Cassie scuttled back in the snow, moving swiftly away from her. She hardly felt the cold through the adrenaline coursing in her veins. No matter what happened, she had to keep Isla away from the three of them. They were the only hope for the town, if she did not survive this. Which there was a good possibility she wouldn't. Isla was dangerous, spurned, stronger, and filled with hatred. She was going to be a battle unlike any Cassie had ever experienced.

A brief tug of guilt and loss pulled at her heart as her thoughts turned briefly to Devon. They had just found each other again. This was going to destroy him. She shut the thoughts down before she was consumed by the agony that was trying to rise up. She still had a chance to win this, it was not over yet, and she was going to fight like hell to make sure that she did not lose him again.

Cassie turned toward Isla as the beautiful woman came slowly forward, her hips swaying, and her long hair falling about her in thick waves. Cassie remained kneeling, her body tense as she tried to calculate Isla's plan. Her fingers clenched around the stake as Isla stopped mere feet away from her, her golden eyes narrowed as she studied Cassie distastefully.

"What could Devon possibly see in you?" she mused softly, lightly tapping her teeth with a long red nail. Cassie refused to take her eyes from Isla, but she desperately wanted to know how Dani was making out. "You're such a mousey little thing."

"Obviously more than he saw in you," Cassie grated.

Isla's eyes flashed ruby red, a small snarl curled her full upper lip. They remained silent for a few moments watching each other, Cassie wearily, Isla with a small gleam of satisfaction in her eyes. Cassie shifted slightly, unable to resist glancing back as she heard a soft thump. Dani had managed to drag Melissa's prone figure to the porch, she was struggling to pull her up the stairs.

Isla took her brief distraction as an opportunity to pounce. Cassie caught the blur of motion out of the corner of her eye. Working on instinct, she spun back around, swinging out low with her foot. She connected with Isla's leg, knocking her slightly off balance, but not enough. Barely missing a beat, Isla grabbed hold of her leg, ripping her off her feet and throwing her to the side.

Cassie bounced across the ground, a startled cry escaping her. If it hadn't been for the mounds of snow she was certain she would have broken a few ribs, instead she had the breath knocked out of her. Unfortunately, it was still enough to slow her down. She rolled to the side, dread filling her as she realized that she had lost the stake. It lay a few feet away from her, sticking straight up in the snow.

She scuttled toward it, but Isla was already coming at her again. Giving up on regaining the stake, Cassie lurched to her feet, barely regaining her balance before Isla slammed into her. They tumbled backward; snow fell down Cassie's shirt, coating her skin. Her fear, however, far outweighed the cold.

Isla was on top of her, tearing at her. Grasping her turtleneck, Isla pulled it tight around her neck, choking the air from her. Cassie fought against the hands clawing at her, trying to block them from ripping her to shreds. Fear gave her strength. Fisting her hand, she somehow managed to slam a solid blow against the side of Isla's face.

It only knocked Isla slightly off balance, but it was enough so that Cassie was able to scramble backward. Isla recovered far quicker than Cassie had thought possible though. She grabbed hold of Cassie's ankle, ripping her back toward her. A startled cry escaped Cassie, she tried to kick out but her foot only glanced off of Isla's shoulder.

Isla was back on top of her, her eyes wild with frenzy and bloodlust. Cassie gazed up at her in startled surprise; Isla was going to kill her. Terror spurted through her, bright stars burst before her eyes as adrenaline pounded through her in crashing waves. Isla sat on her chest, grinning like the cat that had just caught the canary. The last thing Cassie wanted to be was that canary, but she was.

Isla's eyes latched onto her neck, widening slightly then narrowing fiercely as they turned a violent shade of red. Cassie realized that her turtleneck had been ripped down, Devon's faded marks upon her were visible to Isla's acute vision. A tremor shook down her spine as Isla's volatile eyes came back to hers, hatred radiated from every fiber of Isla's being.

"Bitch," Isla snarled, her fangs cutting into her bottom lip as they elongated. "I'm going to drain you as dry as I drained your grandmother."

Shock slammed into Cassie, robbing her of breath, leaving her limp and immobile. Isla had killed her grandmother? Isla? Cassie had assumed that it was Julian, with his ability he would have known all about her grandmother. One brief touch would have allowed him access to Cassie's mind, showing him who her grandmother was, where to look for her, and what she looked like.

She had never thought that it would be Isla, never realized that it was this monster that had brutally ripped away the only blood relative that Cassie had left. This monster, this one sitting upon her, grinning at her victoriously, was the one that had so cruelly robbed the world of a wonderful, loving soul.

Cassie's shock faded swiftly as rage blazed up to bury her. The fury suffused her, wrapping her within a tight cocoon of hatred and vengeance. It made the anger she had experienced for the past two weeks look like a pitiful candle flame as this raging inferno kindled to life. It flared through her, burning as hotly as the sun with its intensity. Her bones turned to cinder, her muscles became ash as something else raced forward, consuming her, changing her.

Something inside of her snapped. All reason fled as hatred and retribution roared to the forefront.

Isla's eyes widened slightly, there was a flash of fear in her eyes. Cassie had no idea what she saw that caused such a reaction, nor did she care. Screaming with fury, Cassie found strength where there had been none before. She would destroy this monster. No matter what, she was going to kill Isla. Even if it meant she went down with her. Gathering her legs beneath her, she heaved up with all her might, and with a strength that she had never possessed before. This strength, this power was unlike any she had ever dreamed of, but it vitalized her as it pounded hotly through her veins. Isla's hold upon her was knocked lose as Cassie lifted her up, flipping her over top of Cassie's head.

Chest heaving, Cassie launched to her feet and spun wildly. Isla was just regaining her balance, shock and confusion twisted her perfect features. Cassie didn't hesitate as she raced forward. Isla tried to move away from her, but she wasn't quick enough as Cassie slammed into her, knocking them both into the snow.

***

Devon rounded the corner of the house, fear hammered through him as he pushed himself harder, faster. It hadn't taken him long to get here, but he couldn't shake the feeling that he was too late. That he wouldn't make it in time. He honed in on Cassie, expecting to find fear or pain, or even nothing, but instead he found a depth of rage and hatred so entrenched and brutal that it nearly knocked him back.

He skidded around the corner, horror filling him as Cassie flipped Isla over top of her head. Her shout of fury echoed throughout the small backyard. Isla bounced across the ground, landing a few feet away. Cassie launched to her feet, her golden hair whipping around her, her body shaking not from the cold, but from something else, something far worse.

An inner shudder wracked Devon as he realized that he was not too late to stop her death, but he may be too late to save her humanity.

"Cassie!" he bellowed, racing forward as she bolted at Isla, slamming them both backward.

He bounded across the snow, forcing himself to move faster, to go faster. He had to save her, he had to stop this. A flash of motion from the corner of his eye caused him to turn seconds before Julian crashed into him, shoving them both against the side of the house with enough force to shake the wall.

"Not your battle!" Julian hissed in his ear. "Stay out of this Devon, you need to watch and learn. You need to see what your little Hunter is capable of."

Devon was startled by the words, but he shoved Julian backward with enough force to dislodge him. Devon swung rapidly out; he connected with a swift uppercut that shot Julian's head back. His teeth clattered loudly together, rattling in his head as he stumbled back. Julian's gaze raked over him, narrowing slightly as a small grin spread over his mouth. "Someone's been eating well," he murmured in amusement.

Devon snarled at him, leaping forward, wanting nothing more than to rip out his throat. Julian's eyes widened, he darted just out of Devon's grasp, retreating swiftly toward the woods. "Don't forget about your girl," he taunted over his shoulder.

Devon's head snapped back to the fight, his desire to kill Julian forgotten in the face of Cassie's need. Julian disappeared into the woods, apparently deciding that he couldn't win this fight, and that he did not want to be involved. Isla was left to fend for herself. "Coward!" Devon hissed after him, but there was no movement in the trees.

'You need to see what your little Hunter is capable of,' ran through his head. Puzzled, unnerved by what Julian might know or suspect Devon found himself unable to move for a moment. A cry brought his attention back to the battle, and away from his thoughts. His mouth went dry at the sight before him.

***

Cassie stared up at Isla, her mind no longer computing fear, or even rational thought. All that mattered was destroying Isla, killing her, having the satisfaction of seeing her die. Though Isla was back on top of her, Cassie was not scared, there was no room for fear inside of her anymore. There was only room for hatred and vengeance. But she could sense Isla's fear, hesitance, and confusion.

Isla struck at her, moving with the speed of a rattlesnake. Cassie merely grinned, her hand twisting around the stake she had managed to regain during their struggle. Isla was only inches away from her when she drove the stake upward, taking pleasure in the satisfying crunch of bones as it pierced through her ribcage and drove deep into her heart. Isla's eyes widened in startled surprise, she gazed down at Cassie in horror, despair and disbelief. Cassie merely grinned back at her, twisting the stake deeper with eager joy. She didn't care that her joy was perverse and out of place here, she relished in the thrill and pleasure filling her.

"Rot in hell," she whispered, moments before Isla let out a small moan and collapsed upon her.

Cassie lay for a moment, shaking with the emotions tearing through her. She thought that she would find satisfaction in destroying the woman that had murdered her grandmother, but there was none. She thought the joy would continue to rush through her, thought that it would actually grow now that her grandmother had been vindicated.

Instead, there was only a hollow, lonely pit growing ever wider inside of her. A pit she was beginning to fear would never fill up; a pit she worried might just swallow her whole with its rage and emptiness.

Taking ragged, pain filled breaths, she shoved Isla's corpse off of her. Though Isla was dead weight now, Cassie barely felt her weight against her trembling arms. Slowly she rolled to the side, digging her hands into the snow as she managed to lift herself onto her knees. Her muscles and bones shook, her whole body trembled and quaked. She was numb with shock and horror; there was no feeling of justice or vindication in her. There was suddenly nothing inside of her, but the empty pit, and a growing sense of something else, something wrong and very out of place. Something that did not belong in her body at all, but was growing inside of her, taking her by force.

Consuming her.

Cassie moved one hand forward, placing it back into the snow as she attempted to crawl away from the monster she had just killed because of pure hatred. A hatred the likes of which she had never experienced before and hoped to never experience again. She couldn't shake the lingering remnants of the hate, couldn't rid herself of the feeling. Couldn't get away from whatever was inside of her.

Pain exploded through her. It pulsed through her muscles, tightening them, convulsing them. Cassie gasped, her fingers clenched in the frigid snow. A frigid snow she could no longer feel the cold of because of the pain tearing through her. A fresh wave of agony washed over her. It locked her extremities in place at the same time that all her bones seemed to shatter. It felt as if the fragments of her shattered bones were ripping through her veins, muscles, and skin. She was being torn apart from the inside out. The pain engulfed her, consumed her. It rocked through her with an intensity that left her broken, hollow.

Wheezing for breath, a low, ragged groan escaped her. She heaved, shook, yet she remained completely locked in place in the snow. Snow skidded up around her, plowing outward as Devon slid to a stop in front of her. "Cassie," he whispered, grasping hold of her shoulders.

His touch, normally so soothing, only sent fresh fire through her overly sensitized, traumatized skin. It burned through her. Unable to stop it, a scream of pure torture ripped from her throat.

***

Devon skidded to a halt in front of Cassie, panic pulsing through him as he took in her unyielding form. She was bent over, gasping for breath, her muscles rigid. Her pain beat against him, her terror and disorientation radiated outward. "Cassie."

He gripped hold of her shoulders, knowing instantly that he had made the wrong choice. A scream ripped out of her, echoing through the silent night. She recoiled from him, but didn't get far as her body was frozen in pain, her hands curled into tight fists. He released her, a feeling of helplessness rolling through him.

"Cassie, Cassie look at me."

Her head remained bowed, her body curled in on itself. He knew this feeling, vividly recalled what it felt like to die. Vividly recalled the pain that had encompassed him, it had swamped him and driving him to the brink of madness before blessed release finally took him under. Except, she wasn't dying, not completely. No, what she was doing was something even worse.

"No," he moaned softly, hating the vulnerability of his situation. He needed to reach her, needed to stop this before he couldn't bring her back. "Cassie."

He reached for her again, this time barely grasping hold of her chin. He felt the inflexibility of her muscles as he gently lifted her chin. Dread filled him as her eyes met his. The normally bright, beautiful violet blue of them was gone. It had been replaced by a violent, malevolent shade of red. His breath froze in his lungs, she didn't seem to see him, didn't seem to focus as she stared unblinkingly.

"Cassie, you need to focus on me," he said softly, reaching out with his mind to try and grasp hold of hers. He had never knowingly exerted his power over her, had never intended too. Even when she had left him, he had never seriously considered taking control of her mind. But now... well now he had no choice. She could not make the change completely, not without his blood, and he was not willing to do that to her.

He would not condemn her to his life unless she made the choice willingly. Something that she was not doing right now. Now it had been forced upon her by birth, and by who she was. This was not a choice that she had made, this was a cruel twist of fate, and he could not allow it to continue.

"Cassie," he said softly, pushing through the waves of agony washing over her. "Focus on me, look at me."

She shuddered again, a soft mewl of pain escaped her. Her muscles contracted tightly, her teeth clenched together. It took everything he had not to drag her against him to soothe and comfort her. But his touch would only hurt her more. Frustration filled him, but he continued to reach out to her, probing gently against her mind, trying to force his way in. She was awash in the painful sensations consuming her; reasonable thought was all but gone.

"What's going on? What's wrong with her?" Chris demanded.

Devon spun defensively as Chris and Melissa raced toward them. Their hair was still standing slightly on end, the smell of burnt hair and flesh radiated from them. Devon's lips pulled back, his teeth elongated. A snarl ripped from him as his protective urges sprang forth. If they came any closer they would hurt her, they would ruin everything. If they came any closer they would see her like this, something he knew she would hate. And he could not allow that.

"Stay back!" he snarled. They skidded to a halt a few feet away from him; their eyes were wide in shock as they took him in. Dani slid to a halt beside them; her mouth parted slightly, her eyes widened on Devon. "Get away from her!"

They remained frozen in the snow, unmoving as their eyes darted back and forth between the two of them. Cassie moaned again, a tremor wracked through her. Devon moved closer to her, trying to shelter her from their worried eyes without touching her. Luther appeared suddenly, his face hard, his eyes knowing and sad as he met Devon's gaze.

"Get inside," he ordered the others.

"Luther..."

"I said get inside!" he interrupted Melissa sharply. "There is nothing that you can do here. You're only making it worse. Get inside!"

He pushed and shoved at them, turning them forcefully when they still would not move. "What is going on?" Chris asked softly.

"I'll explain later. Go."

"The boy," Melissa reminded them.

Devon turned his full attention back to Cassie as Luther and Chris lifted the prone boy from the snow, hurrying with him toward the house. Devon would have to take care of the child later, but for now his attention was focused upon Cassie. She was still staring unseeingly at him, but she had wrapped her arms around her stomach and was curling into the fetal position.

"Listen to me Cassie, you can beat this. You are strong enough to beat this. You can do this Cassie. I know you can," he urged.

His fingers tightened on her chin. He fought against her pain; it threatened to consume him as he took complete control of her mind. He whispered soothing words to her, trying to find the flicker of her spirit that he knew had to be buried beneath all of the pain, fear, confusion, fury, and hatred. It took longer than he would have liked, but eventually he found it.

Seizing hold of it, he wrapped his presence around hers, attempting to shelter her from the changes trying to take her over. He comforted her, nurturing her as he blocked the emotions beating down on her. He felt her coming back, his strength helping her to fight against the centuries of blood and heritage that had pushed her to this point. To this brink of insanity and anguish.

"You can do this," he whispered aloud.

Slowly, subtly, the pain began to subside, her muscles began to ease. She blinked, her eyes flickering between the volatile red and the beautiful violet blue he loved so dearly. Blinking again, her eyes locked onto his, recognition bloomed within them. Tears sprang forth, spilling swiftly down her reddened cheeks.

"Devon," she whispered.

He caught her as she collapsed into the snow, unconsciousness dragging her under.

CHAPTER 10

Devon kept Cassie on his lap, the blanket wrapped tightly around her. Though she had showered, she was still chilled, her skin abnormally pale. It was not the lingering effects of the snow that held her in its grasp, but the lingering remnants of pain. He shifted her slightly, pulling her more firmly against him as he cradled her gently. She rested her head in the hollow of his neck; a small shiver worked its way through her.

Kissing the top of her head softly, he rubbed her arms gently, trying to return some heat to her body. She wiggled slightly against him, trying to get even closer. He wondered how long that would last once she heard what he and Luther had to say. He glanced up at Luther, uncertain where to start, or if they should start at all. They had all been traumatized tonight. Chris and Melissa jerked involuntarily every once in awhile, the effects of Isla's electrical current still affecting their bodies. Dani just looked plain terrified as she glanced rapidly between him and Cassie.

Luther was still distraught over the boy, who thankfully had not sustained enough blood loss to warrant a hospital, but whose parents had been frantic with worry when they had been called. Isla's body had been swiftly disposed of, hidden in the woods in a clearing where the sun would hit it first thing, turning it to cinder. Devon was surprised to find himself at full strength, if still not slightly beyond what he was used to feeling. Especially after having to exert his will over Cassie and the boy, but Cassie's blood in his veins had kept him stronger than he would have been at any other point in time.

An uneasy feeling settled over Devon as he watched Dani. She was too antsy, especially for someone that didn't know the full details of what had occurred outside. She glanced quickly away from him, her eyes darting over the room as she began to pace swiftly back and forth.

Chris slipped into the loveseat, his right hand jerked on the armrest. He scowled down at the offending extremity, slapping hold of it with his other hand. "How long are the effects going to last?" he muttered miserably.

"Probably till tomorrow," Luther answered absently.

Chris's scowl deepened as he looked disgustedly at Luther. "Wonderful."

Melissa fisted her hands, jerking slightly her eyes narrowed angrily as she tried to keep herself still. She was fighting a losing battle. "Are you going to tell us what happened out there?" she demanded through clenched teeth.

Luther glanced at him; Devon gave him a brief nod. Luther knew more about what was going on than he did. Sighing softly, Luther paced over to the fireplace mantel and rested his arm on top of it. "A few weeks ago Devon came to me with some doubts and worries." Cassie glanced sharply up at him, her delicate forehead furrowed questioningly. "I agreed that there were some things that we needed to look into."

"What kind of doubts?" Cassie asked softly.

Devon sighed softly, hating to do this to her, but knowing that it had to be done. "I had some questions about you."

Her eyes widened in surprise, her small hands fisted in her lap. "I don't understand," she whispered.

"Devon had some questions about the Hunter line, specifically questions about Hunters with your abilities," Luther qualified.

"I don't have any abilities."

"But you do. I have told you this many times, your highly enhanced speed, hearing, sight, and strength are all abilities."

"Ok fine," Cassie relented. "But why would there be any questions about that?"

"Because," Devon said softly. "Your abilities are so very close to mine, and to other vampire's."

Cassie jolted slightly, but her face was still marred with confusion. Chris and Melissa looked just as baffled; Dani still radiated a strange terror. "All of us have enhanced speed, hearing, and sight, so what the hell are you saying?" Chris demanded, not at all in the mood to be patient.

"The day that Cassie's grandmother died, Cassie was so angry at me, so infuriated that when she turned on me, her eyes flashed red." Cassie stiffened against him. "That was when I went to Luther with," Devon explained.

"Why didn't you tell me?" she whispered.

"You weren't exactly talking to me at the time." She turned away, her head bowing slightly as her fingers picked at the blanket.

"We decided to do some research," Luther said softly. "We began to look for information about the Hunter's that had been like Cassie. There was very little information to find though as there hasn't been any in the past three hundred years. I decided to go to some of my Guardian friends for help. One of them had a book that was of great interest to me, and that helped to answer some questions, but also raised more."

Luther broke off, frowning thoughtfully as he thought over his next words. "Please stop speaking in riddles and just tell us what the hell is going on," Cassie demanded.

Luther shifted; looking slightly uncomfortable as he wearily met her gaze. "The last Hunter like you, that was actually recorded, came along three hundred years ago. Her name was Gertrude, and during a large battle Gertrude became so enraged and blood thirsty that she began to change into a vampire."

Cassie's eyes widened, her gaze darted frantically between Devon and Luther. Devon remained perfectly still, terrified that she would turn against him as soon as this was all over. "Wait, wait." Chris held up a hand. "Are you saying that this woman actually became a vampire?"

Luther sighed softly as he shook his head. "No. She began the change, but was unable to complete it. She didn't have enough vampire blood in her to make the change successfully. She was caught in between."

Cassie's mouth dropped, her eyes widened in horror as her hands clenched tight upon the blanket in her lap. "She became one of those things, those monsters that get stuck in between?" she croaked out.

"Yes," Devon said softly, wishing that he could take her terror from her but knowing that he couldn't.

"Are you saying that I could do the same?"

"Yes." Devon winced at the horrified, pain filled look that filled her eyes. Chris and Melissa gasped loudly; Dani remained unmoving, her eyes wide with fear. "That is what happened outside; it's also how you were able to defeat Isla. Your powers increased when your fury became so intense that it allowed your vampire DNA to take hold of you."

The room became so silent that he could hear the subtle crackling of the power lines outside. Cassie remained as unmoving as a block of ice on his lap, her skin as pale as a ghost. Her eyes flickered slightly; hopelessness filled them as she slowly absorbed everything that she was hearing.

"This woman, Gertrude, what happened to her?" she inquired in a tight, strangled voice.

"Unfortunately, she had to be destroyed. She could not be allowed to survive," Luther said softly.

Chris's breath exploded from him in a rush as he leapt to his feet. He ran his hand angrily through his hair, tugging at the slightly singed shaggy blond strands as he cursed viciously. "Are you kidding me?" Melissa demanded sharply. "That's bull! I don't even understand why all of this would happen; we were all created the same way!"

Luther glanced wearily around the room, looking defeated as he pulled his glasses off to clean them. "I'm not one hundred percent certain, but I believe that when a Hunter has an ability the vampire blood in them is more dispersed in order to help fuel the gift the Hunter possesses. When a Hunter doesn't have a gift, the vampire blood in them is more concentrated and intense. They are stronger, faster, with better senses. More like a vampire themselves."

They sat in stunned silence, Cassie remained unmoving. "Are you saying that I am going to turn into one of those things that get stuck in the middle?" she asked after a few minutes.

Luther heaved another large sigh. "It's impossible to tell Cassie, but it could happen."

Devon heard the increased beat of her heart, felt the chill that washed over her skin. She turned slowly back to him, her eyes tumultuous and lost. He wished there was something he could do to ease the torment radiating from her, but there was nothing. All he could do was be here for her, and try to comfort her.

"I... I don't understand, what does all this mean? Am I a danger? Am I going to turn into one of these things at a moment's notice? Or will it take something more, like Isla telling me that she killed my grandmother?"

Devon stiffened, his hands tightened on her. "Isla killed your grandmother?" he asked sharply.

Cassie nodded, licking her lips nervously. "Yes, she told me that tonight. That was when..." she broke off, her voice failing her for a few moments. "That was when I lost control, when the rage took over. It was awful."

He rubbed her back gently, wishing that he could soothe her hurt, but knowing that there was nothing he could do to take this away from her. He'd never considered the fact that Isla had been the one that killed her grandmother; they had all just assumed it was Julian. Anger boiled through him, but he kept it hidden from her, not wanting to upset her any further.

"But I don't understand," Cassie mused softly. "Wouldn't I still be weaker than a vampire? I mean I am not fully one of them, I'm stuck in the middle so wouldn't they still be able to beat me? Shouldn't Isla have still won?"

This was the one thing that Devon had been hoping Cassie wouldn't wonder about. The one thing he had hoped to keep from her. He met Luther's gaze, but he knew that Luther would not be the one to explain this. "No Cassie," Devon said gently, continuing to rub her back, but knowing it would do little to comfort her soon. "You would think so, but the things that get stuck in the middle, they're mindless. A vampire may be more powerful, but they still have a survival instinct, these things..." he trailed off, simply because this was the part that he didn't want to think about. "These things do not. All they want is the kill; all they experience is the bloodlust. They care nothing for their own lives, all they want is to destroy and massacre."

Cassie gaped at him, her beautiful eyes lost and wounded as confusion swam through them. Then horror filled her face, the color drained swiftly out of it. For a moment he thought she was going to fall over. His hands on her tightened as he tried to keep her with him, tried to keep her from withdrawing from him again.

"Cassie..."

"I'm a monster," she breathed.

"No..."

She jerked away from him suddenly and launched to her feet with a grace and speed that was startling. He tried to reach for her again, but she had already moved beyond his grasp as she paced to the doorway. Her hands were shaking, her skin so white now that he could see the small blue veins running through her porcelain complexion. Her lips had turned nearly as white as the rest of her.

"I really am a monster," she whispered.

"Cassie no..."

Chris cut off as she turned toward him; her lips pursed tight, her eyes flat and cold. "I'm not even like you guys," she said flatly. "I'm nothing. I'm a walking danger to this planet..."

"That is not true!" Luther cut in sharply. "There were other Hunters like you before Gertrude, who never had any problems. Gertrude was a one in a million chance, the rest were fine."

Devon rose as Cassie turned away from them. Though it looked as if she were about to leave, she did not. She simply stood stiffly, her eyes focused on the window. "But it's already happened to me. It will happen again."

"You don't know that!" Chris protested instantly.

Her eyes turned slowly toward him, though she still looked shell shocked there was a cold acceptance about her. Devon felt his stomach drop as he realized that the Cassie he knew, the Cassie he had wanted back, was gone. That Cassie, though she'd had a hard life and had lost a lot, had still maintained some of her innocence.

This Cassie, well this Cassie knew the hardships of the world, had been devastated, changed, wounded, beaten down, and had survived it all. This Cassie was still the same, and yet she was so very different. She was harder, more resilient, more knowing. This Cassie would not turn against him; she would not hide from the world behind a wall of pain. This Cassie would face it head on and beat it down with her bare fists if she had too.

Though he had desperately wanted to keep her sheltered from this harsh reality of life, for he had never wanted her to know such pain, he knew now that it had been inevitable. She knew about the pain and the cruelty of the world now, she knew far more of it than most people. At first she had been destroyed by it, but not now, now she was like a phoenix rising from the ashes, more mature, more solid, an adult. A woman.

He wanted to go to her, but he knew that she had to face this on her own. "I do know that Chris," she said softly, forcefully. "I know what is inside of me now; I know what is just beneath the surface. I felt that hatred and rage and it is something that you can never understand. And I never want you to." Her gaze darted to Devon, a sad acceptance in it as for the first time she truly understood him, truly got what it was that he went through on a day to day basis. "And now that it has been released I will have to constantly struggle to keep it suppressed. I know it," she said softly.

Devon nodded briefly, understanding what she was talking about. He knew how awful the constant struggle to keep himself restrained was. It was not something that he wanted Cassie to have to go through, but there was nothing he could do to stop it. He could not protect her from herself. He could only stand by her, and do what he could to make sure that she didn't step over that precipice for good.

"It's ok though," she continued, turning her attention back to Chris, a small smile tugged at the corner of her mouth.

"Cassie," Melissa said softly, unable to keep the heartache from her voice.

"No, it really is ok. It makes things easier."

"Excuse me?" Luther inquired sharply.

Her eyes found Devon's again, for the first time in a long time a true gleam of hope filled them. "It makes the choice so much easier, it really does."

Devon froze as hope sprang forth, nearly drowning him in its suffocating, pounding waves. "Do you mean?" he barely managed to squeeze out through the sudden constriction in his chest. He had wanted this for so long, dreamed of this moment, and now that it was finally here, he didn't want to hear the words. Because they were words he was afraid that he could not fulfill.

Her smile widened, and although she was still unnaturally pale, there was a glow about her. "Yes," she breathed. "I can't get stuck in between if I'm already all the way over. I want to join you Devon."

CHAPTER 11

Cassie heard the collective inhalation of breaths, but she couldn't tear her gaze away from Devon. The need that radiated from him warmed her heart, caused her toes to curl, and made every scary thing about her decision completely right. It would be ok; he could calm the raging insanity in her. He knew all about what was inside of her, knew all about this monster that was living within her skin. He could help her control it, he could make it better, and he could make it so that she wouldn't be some creature stuck in the middle, lost to a world of insanity and bloodlust. He could do all of that for her, and for the first time, she had no fear about letting him do so.

For the first time, in so very long, there was a sense of real peace inside of her. This was right, this was what she wanted, and it would be good. She knew that. Between them, things would be perfect, forever.

Even if she hadn't just learned that she could lose complete control of herself, and everything she believed in, she knew that she had made the right choice. It was a choice she would have eventually made anyway, this new knowledge had just precipitated it faster. No matter what, she would have chosen to spend forever with him. To give him this peace and happiness, she would have done anything.

"Cassie," Chris said softly. "Are you sure?"

She turned slowly away from Devon, bracing herself for the disgust she was sure would be on their faces. She loved them all dearly, but she had made her choice and she was going to stick by it. She was surprised to find that there was no disgust there however. In fact, Chris and Melissa looked as if they had been expecting this; Dani had retreated to the window and was not looking at them. Only Luther didn't look happy.

"Yes."

"I'm sorry, but you can't."

Cassie's head snapped toward Luther, anger and frustration rolled through her. She hadn't expected her decision to be met with open arms, but she had expected some of Luther's prejudice's against Devon to have lessened. Hell, they had worked together in order to find out more about the Hunter's like her. She had assumed that they had formed a bond between them, that Luther now accepted Devon.

"Luther..."

He held up a hand, stalling her angry tirade. His gaze was sad, lost, wounded. Cassie's mouth snapped shut in the face of his distress. He glanced toward Devon, opening his mouth and then closing it again. Whatever it was he had to say, it was more than apparent he didn't want to say it.

Taking a deep breath, Luther rubbed the bridge of his nose before meeting her gaze once more.

"Cassie, we don't know what will happen to you if you are changed."

She frowned fiercely at him before turning to Devon. He looked just as confused as her for a moment, and then the furrows in his brow cleared. He turned to her, his eyes dark and dangerous, his jaw clenched tight. It was the anger and despair in his gaze that caused her heart to turn over, and her stomach to plummet.

"No Hunter has ever been changed Cassie," Luther continued gently. "There is no way of knowing what that change might bring. You already have vampire DNA in you, more so than most Hunter's. We do not know what would happen to any Hunter that is changed; let alone what will happen to you. You are so close to the precipice now. We do not know what you will become, if you can be controlled."

Cassie gaped at him, struggling to keep breathing through the anxiety and pain clutching at her. She glanced sharply back at Devon, hoping that she would see denial in his gaze. She didn't. "Devon can help with that," she struggled to say.

"Devon was able to bring you back before, but if he changes you and you become something more, he may not be able to pull you back. Ever."

There was a downtrodden slope to his shoulders that only confirmed Luther's words. "Devon," she whispered.

He shook his head. "There is already demon in you Cassie," he said softly, reluctantly. "Luther is right. There is no way to know."

The breath wheezed out of her, her chest constricted tightly. Hope deflated from her like a popped balloon. She could only stand there and stare, unmoving, frozen. "So, that's it then," she said softly. "There's nothing we can do."

"I'm not saying that Cass," Luther said gently. "I'm just saying that we need to take our time, do some more research. I have never heard of a Hunter being turned, but it may have happened, there may be something out there that would tell us about it. I had never thought to look for anything about you, until Devon came to me, and now we will look for information about this."

"No," Devon said forcefully. "No more digging, no more research." Cassie felt as if her legs were going to give out, but she somehow managed to keep herself standing upright. Didn't he want her anymore? Didn't he want to figure this all out somehow? Didn't he want to end both of their misery? "It's too dangerous."

Cassie blinked at him in surprise, her gaze darted to Melissa and Chris who looked just as confused as she was. "Dangerous?" she inquired.

Devon nodded briskly. "The Commission, if they know you exist they will come for you. They will destroy you Cassie."

"No they won't!" she and Chris protested simultaneously.

Melissa's eyes widened, her mouth parted slowly as she took a sharp step forward. Dani finally turned away from the window, her arms folded over her chest as she surveyed them. "That's why no other Hunter's like Cassie were recorded, not after Gertrude anyway," Melissa whispered, disgust and understanding evident in her voice. "The Commission destroyed them."

Cassie glanced wildly between them; bile rose swiftly up her throat. "Why?" she breathed. "Why would they do that?"

Luther took a deep breath, but it was Devon that answered her. "Because they could not, and would not, allow a fault in the bloodlines. They could not take the chance that one of their creations might turn against them, and become even more destructive then the monsters they had been created to destroy."

Cassie gaped at him as Chris cursed fiercely. Chris turned on his heel, pacing the room restlessly as he tugged at his hair. Melissa slumped against the wall, her head bowed. Cassie was surprised by the single tear that slid down her face. Melissa didn't cry. She was stoic, proud, a rock. Dani stared at them with wide eyes, her mouth slightly parted as she glanced rapidly around the room.

"I know you don't want to, but I think that it's a very good idea that you leave this town now. Luther tried to be discreet, but if they put two and two together, they will come for you."

Cassie's eyes snapped back to Devon, her jaw dropped. "You can't be serious! They wouldn't do such a thing!"

"Yes Cassie, I believe that they would," Luther said softly.

Her legs finally gave out. Cassie slumped to the floor, her muscles felt like Jell-O. Hadn't she already given up enough? Hadn't she already suffered enough? What more could life take from her? What more could it throw at her? Now she had to worry about her own kind coming after her, and there was a very distinct possibility that she could not join Devon without becoming a complete monstrosity.

Devon was instantly in front of her, his strong hands enveloped hers. His solid strength seeped into her, enveloping her with his comforting presence. "We will get through this," he said forcefully, his beautiful emerald eyes blazing into hers. "We will get through this, we will get it all sorted out, and we will be together Cassie. No matter what it takes, we will be together. But first we need to think about your safety, all of you need to go somewhere safe."

Cassie's hand clenched tighter upon his. She tried to be reassured by his words, tried to believe in them but she couldn't quench all of her doubts. How could she, when everything had already been so hard for the two of them? She swallowed heavily and nodded firmly. She had to believe him; otherwise she would not be able to keep on going, to keep on fighting. There had to be a light at the end of this dark tunnel, or she was going to succumb to the darkness inside her. She knew she would.

"You're right, we will be," she said softly, managing a wan smile for him. His hands tightened around hers, a small twinkle lit his eyes. He helped lift her to her feet, wrapping his arm around her waist as he pulled her close to him, kissing the top of her head gently. "But why would they come for all of us, I thought it was only me they wanted?"

"It may be more than The Commission that comes here now Cassie."

"Excuse me?" Chris demanded sharply.

Cassie's hand tightened in Devon's shirt as she gazed up at him with wide eyes. "What do you mean?" she asked softly.

Devon sighed, his hand encircled hers. "Isla is dead Cassie; you are the Hunter, and only one, that killed her. That is a feat that would have been thought impossible, before today. Isla was a Grounder, she was nearly an Elder, and far stronger than any other vampire you have defeated. When word of that spreads, others will come, others will want to take their chance at you. They will want the power that is in you. Julian will not fight alone, he knows that he cannot win, but he will not leave either. It is far too much of a challenge for him to quit now. They will not only come for you Cass, but all of you, now that they know you are here."

Chris exploded in a flurry of curses; Cassie merely gaped at Devon, her legs buckling once more. He held her up, his gaze burned into hers. "You cannot stay."

Weird sputtering noises came from her; she could hardly catch her breath. A loud crash snapped her head around. Chris was staring bashfully at them, holding his dust covered hand tightly. Behind him there was a hole in the wall from where he had punched it. "Sorry," he mumbled.

"That solved things," Melissa muttered, shaking her head. "I'll get you some ice."

"Are you ok?" Dani asked softly as Melissa hurried from the room.

Chris nodded; color heated his face as he kept his gaze diverted. Melissa returned to the room with a towel wrapped in ice. Gently, she wrapped Chris's hand in it, shaking her head at him. "Next time don't blame it on the wall."

He gave her a small smile, nodding as he took the towel from her. "So what do we do?" Melissa inquired as she returned to her place by the mantle.

"I've made some phone calls; I have a safe place for the five of you to go."

"The five of us, what about you?" Cassie demanded sharply.

He shook his head. "Someone needs to stay here. They will come here for you, but they won't stay here long if you're gone. But they will stay for a bit, and they will cause some damage. Someone needs to be here to stop them."

"Absolutely not!" Cassie declared forcefully. "I will not leave you here alone to fight against them. You may be strong Devon, but you are not that strong!"

"Cassie..."

"No! No, I have lost so much. I cannot lose you too, it would destroy me!" The very thought of it caused something to twist and turn inside her. She wanted to curl up into a ball at the same time that she wanted to destroy everything in sight. It was a feeling that she realized was very dangerous to her, to all of them now. "We are not leaving Devon."

"It will only be for a little bit, and it is best that you are not here right now. Not until you can get a better grip on what is going on inside of you."

"And what if it takes over when you're not there!?" she demanded, trembling with fear and anger, determined not to be forced from this town. They were needed here to protect people, and she could not be separated from Devon. "I can't come back from it if you're not there to reach me! And what if you are killed!?" Her voice was nearly hysterical now; full blown panic was beginning to set in.

"Easy Cassie," he said gently, his voice taking on a soothing tone that only set her teeth on edge more.

"I am not a child!" she snapped. "Don't talk to me like I am."

He studied her for a moment, his eyes growing darker. "I know that," he said softly. "But you have got to keep your emotions under control."

She scowled up at him, trying to keep her anger, frustration, and terror in check. It aggravated her that he was right, but she refused to act like a child. "You can't stay here alone."

He nodded, pulling her close he dropped a hard kiss on her forehead, clinging to her for a long moment. "I have figured something out."

"Devon..."

"Cassie your safety is the most important thing. All of your safety is."

"Where do you want us to go?" Chris demanded.

Devon pulled slowly away from her, his hand wrapped around the back of her head as he wound his fingers gently through her hair and held her tight. "You would agree to leave?" he asked softly.

Chris stared hard at Cassie for a moment before nodding slowly. "If The Commission and vampires come for Cassie, we can't stop them all. We won't be enough. The last thing that I want to do is leave, the people here..." he shook his head; his gaze darted briefly to the window. "We can't leave them unprotected. My mother."

"I'll make sure they're safe."

"And what about your safety?" Cassie demanded, unwilling to concede to his wishes yet, unwilling to leave him here while they were exiled.

"I'll have help," he murmured.

"Who?" Melissa inquired. "If we go, who will you have to help you?"

Devon stroked the back of her head, his eyes pleading with her for understanding. Cassie frowned at him, confusion swirled through her. "I called Annabelle and Liam." Cassie's eyes widened, her mouth parted slightly as her breath left her on a soft gasp. "They're on their way."

"What!?" she gasped.

"Who are Annabelle and Liam?" Melissa asked her delicate brow furrowing in confusion as she glanced swiftly between the two of them.

"Annabelle is a vampire that I created," Devon said softly, his eyes locked on Cassie's.

She could see the silent plea in his gaze to be ok with this, to understand. She couldn't find the words to reassure him though, she didn't know how to. She didn't know how she felt about it. He had once thought himself in love with Annabelle, she was the reason that he no longer fed on humans. And though Cassie knew that he was completely in love with her, and had never truly loved Annabelle she still couldn't help but feel unsettled and confused.

"And they're coming here?" Dani asked quietly.

"Yes. Liam will stay here with me, you will go with Annabelle."

Cassie gaped at him, her heart turned over as panic filled her. "Devon..."

"It's for the best Cassie. They have a place farther up north where you can all stay until this has blown over. Until we can figure out something better."

"And if I lose control again?" she whispered.

"Annabelle is a healer; she may be able to pull you back."

"That is a good possibility," Luther agreed softly.

Cassie wanted to protest, she wanted to cry. She wanted to absolutely refuse to leave his side. But she couldn't find the words, and she knew that they would only fall upon deaf ears. "When are they coming?" Melissa asked softly.

"They were leaving Pennsylvania at sunset; hopefully they'll be here by morning."

"My grandmother's home, her things..."

"I'll make sure everything is taken care of Cassie, I promise. Nothing bad will happen to your home."

Cassie turned away from him; her gaze darted over the living room. This was the only home she had ever known, all of her things were here. All of her grandmother's things were here. She blinked back the tears burning her eyes, trying hard to keep them from spilling over. She would come back here, one day, she would come back.

"And if my mother wishes to stay behind?" Chris asked softly.

"I will watch over her too," Devon said briskly.

Cassie instantly began to protest. "But this town, these people..."

"Will be safe. I am an Elder and Liam is a powerful vampire in his own right. If The Commission comes, they will not stay long if they realize that you are gone. They will not be a threat, neither will other vampire's. Not when they realize that only Liam and I are here."

Cassie swallowed heavily, her hands clenched and unclenched as she fought the urge to scream in frustration. "And what if The Elder's decide to come looking for us?" Melissa asked softly.

Cassie's eyes widened, horror filled her at the thought. Devon's arm tightened around her as he shook his head. "The Elder's have been in hiding for almost fifteen years, and before that they had retreated for nearly a hundred years. They will not come out now, not even for this. They hate the world, they have for centuries. They may have orchestrated and participated in The Slaughter but that was to wipe out The Hunter line..."

"And now that they know it isn't wiped out?" Cassie interrupted sharply.

Devon shook his head. "It's decimated enough not to worry them overly Cassie. They figure the rest of the vampire's, with any sense, will eventually be able to take the remaining stragglers out. That is why I must keep you safe now."

Cassie looked helplessly toward Chris, Melissa, and Dani. She wished that they could come up with some other argument, some brilliant plan that none of them had thought of yet. But they looked just as dumbfounded as she felt.

"I suppose we should pack then," Melissa said softly.

CHAPTER 12

Cassie was standing by the window when he entered her room. Her hair cascaded around her; the light of the moon caused it to shimmer a silvery gold. Her arms were wrapped tight around her chest, her head bowed as she stared out at the dark night. She turned slowly toward him, her eyes haunted and lost as she watched him.

"You will come back to me," she said her voice a soft whisper in the room.

Swallowing heavily, he managed a small, reassuring nod. "Always Cassie, I will always come back to you."

She nodded, her arms fell back to her sides. "Really?"

He frowned at her, hating the doubt and fear he felt in her. "Of course."

She glanced back at the window, a sad, defeated slump to her shoulders. "You told me once that I would have to join you, or that you would have to leave me. You told me that you didn't think you could continue to control yourself around me, and now it seems as if I will never be able to join you."

"We don't know that for sure," he said softly.

"No, but it is a good possibility. Will you be able to stay around me?"

He crossed the room to her swiftly. She looked up in startled surprise, her beautiful eyes widening upon him. "I was a fool to say that to you Cassie. I was wrong, and I was being selfish. I can stay with you. I will stay with you, no matter what it takes. No matter what I have to do, I will not leave you."

She shook her head; her long hair fell across one of her eyes to hide half her face. "I felt your need; I felt your struggle Devon. You fed from me; you were a part of me, inside of me. I know how hard it is for you to be around me, and I don't want you to have to go through that all the time."

He seized hold of her hands, pulling her forward a step. Gently clasping hold of her face, he pushed her hair aside as he stroked her silken cheek. "Cassie I would go through Hell and back if it meant being by your side, and I mean that. We will get through this, I swear to you we will."

She bit her bottom lip nervously, her gaze fell away. "But the fight that you have to wage with yourself is..."

"Is easier now," he interrupted swiftly. "It is much easier now Cassie. Letting me feed on you helped to ease the hunger and need."

Her eyes flew back up to his, swiftly searching his face. He tried to keep his expression as impassive as he could. Though it was not entirely the truth, it was not a lie either. When she had given her blood, she had helped to ease the demon inside him. However, it would not be entirely appeased until she was by his side, safely immortal, but he wasn't about to tell her that. Not when there was a chance that he would never be able to turn her.

He shoved the thought aside, unable to deal with it at the moment. The monster inside of him didn't take well to that knowledge. Neither did the man. He couldn't stand the thought of her growing old, of her dying while he stayed young and alive. For the first time he wished that the sun's rays were still deadly to him, because the minute he lost her, he would walk straight into them.

"Devon..."

"It will be ok Cassie, everything will be ok," he promised. "Once the threat here, and to you passes, we'll see if we can't find some more information without drawing attention to ourselves again, ok?"

She stared up at him with wide, questioning eyes. He could see the doubt in her gaze, but she managed a small nod. "Ok," she said softly. "You had better keep yourself safe."

"I will," he promised, bending to kiss the tip of her nose.

Her smile widened as she stood on tiptoe. Holding his face gently in her hands she dropped a soft kiss on his lips. "Will you feed from me tonight?" she asked softly.

Excitement spurted through him as his hands clenched upon her. The thought was so very tempting but he knew that he shouldn't. "I don't think that's a good idea Cassie, it's too soon..."

"I feel fine, I swear. And we don't know how long we're going to be apart for," her voice broke for a moment, her hands clenched on him. "It will be alright Devon, but I need this tonight, and I think you do too."

His jaw locked as he glanced out the window. He did need this, he needed it desperately. He needed her. He had almost lost her tonight, she had almost been killed. And there was still the very good, very awful possibility he would lose her. There were so many people, and things out there that didn't want them together, or even want them alive. Yes, he did need this, but he didn't want to hurt her.

Then, she leaned up and kissed him again. The soft brush of her lips against his robbed him of all reason. He pulled her tighter against him, holding her gently. She melded to him, pressing flush to him as her legs gave out.

He held her up, swinging her easily into his arms as she burrowed closer to him, nuzzling his neck gently. He tried to ignore the fact that this might be their last night together for awhile. If he dwelled on it too much he was afraid that he may hurt her, or snap, and change her. It was what he wanted, and what she finally wanted. And now that she wanted to be with him forever it could not be done. He didn't know what she would become if she was changed, or even if he could stop her if she became something truly malevolent.

The thought terrified him. For all her faults, Cassie was still everything good and loving, for that to be taken away from her was something that he could not allow to happen. No matter how badly he wanted her with him, he had to come to terms with the fact that there was a possibility it could never happen. He just didn't want to realize that tonight.

Tonight was simply about the two of them, and that was the way that he was going to keep it.

He laid her down on the bed, following swiftly behind as he pulled her tightly against him once more. He lost himself in the touch and feel and scent of her as he shut out the rest of the world, and the far too many people that wanted to tear them apart.

***

Cassie couldn't stop nervously ringing her hands as she paced before her window. She glanced back at Devon, who was still sleeping, his arm tossed over the spot that she had recently vacated. Though she had only gotten a couple hours of sleep, she was wide awake. The sun would be up soon, Annabelle and Liam might also be here soon.

She didn't know how she felt about that. Though she didn't want to leave here, she wanted to get this encounter over and done with. The sooner it was over, the sooner she could be with Devon again. Her skin crawled, her chest constricted at the thought of being apart from him for any significant length of time. If it hadn't been for the irrational anger fueling her, she never would have made it through the two weeks without him. How would she get through it now, when she wasn't angry?

In fact, she was terrified. Terrified of losing him, terrified of what she was now, and what she could become. What if something happened and he wasn't there to pull her back, and Annabelle was also unable to? She would be lost forever, a monster, a danger to everyone around her. A danger to everyone she loved. Cassie shuddered, wrapping her arms around herself as she stared down at the deserted street.

And then there was Annabelle herself. She didn't know how to feel about meeting the woman that had so drastically changed Devon. The woman that had made him the man he was now. Though he had never truly loved her, Annabelle had been a huge impact on his life, and she was very special to him.

Cassie tried hard not to feel jealous, but she couldn't help it. Leaning forward, she rested her fingers lightly against the glass of the window, enjoying the cool feel of it. Arms wrapped around her waist causing a small cry of surprise to escape her. He had been completely silent in his approach. Devon hugged her tight, pressing her back firmly against his chest. He nuzzled her neck gently, his lips brushing over the fresh marks on her neck. Cassie shivered in response, desire curled her toes. Her skin tingled all over; a feeling of rightness stole through her as his touch soothed her.

"Are you ok?" he inquired softly.

"Yes."

He ran his hands over her stomach, kissing her softly once more. "Couldn't sleep?"

She shook her head as she melted against him, savoring in his strength and comfort. She could stay like this forever, but they had such a short amount of time. "No."

He was silent as he held her, gently swaying her slightly back and forth. Lights splayed across the road, lighting the street as a vehicle turned onto it. Cassie stiffened as the silver Cadillac Escalade pulled to a stop in front of the house and doused the lights. "They're here," Devon said softly.

Cassie managed a small nod, fighting back the anxiety and fear that clutched at her. "Yes."

The doors popped open, interior light flooded the car. "Come on."

Devon pulled slowly away from her, taking hold of her hand. Cassie followed silently behind; trying hard to maintain her outward composure, while inside she was falling apart. Her hand tightened around his to the point where she knew it had to be uncomfortable for him, but he did not protest, or try to pull away. They reached the top of the steps as the doorbell sounded.

Chris appeared in the hallway, his hair disheveled from sleep, his eyes bleary as he blinked up at them. Dani poked her head out from her room. Though her short hair was standing straight up, she did not appear to have been asleep as she studied them with wide, questioning eyes. "Your friends?" she asked softly.

"Yes," Devon answered, tugging gently on Cassie's hand as he started down the stairs once more.

Cassie wanted to jerk him back, she wanted to stop him, but she couldn't. Though she would have loved a few more minutes to get her thoughts together, and her rolling emotions under control, she knew she couldn't leave them standing on her doorstep. They were here to help after all.

Chris watched her, a sad gleam in his sapphire eyes. She scowled back at him, hating the fact that he could sense the nervousness, jealousy, and uncertainty tearing through her. He managed a small nod and a wan smile for her as Devon strode past, his hand still wrapped tightly around hers. She could only stare helplessly back at Chris while Devon threw the locks and pulled open the door.

Taking a deep breath, Cassie turned her attention slowly toward the two people on her porch. Her heart plummeted as it flipped over; a thrumming tension pulsed through her. "Devon!" the young woman, Annabelle, cried. Stepping forward, she moved to embrace him, only to halt abruptly. She grinned at him, a strawberry colored eyebrow quirked in amusement as her full mouth curled into a bright smile that lit her beautiful face. Her thick, strawberry blond hair tumbled in loose curls to just below her shoulder blades.

"Cassie." Cassie jumped slightly as Devon turned to her, his emerald eyes gleaming with amusement. "You have to invite them in."

"Oh," she said stupidly, feeling a wave of self consciousness threatening to roll up and consume her. "Of course, umm, come on in."

She took a step back, releasing Devon's hand as Annabelle moved through the door, embracing Devon tightly. Cassie looked quickly away, her stomach twisting as she tried to keep her jealousy and uneasiness under control. Chris met her gaze for a moment, understanding and love radiating from him.

"You must be Cassie." Annabelle was suddenly before her. Cassie jolted in surprise as she clasped hold of Cassie's hands, enfolding them gently in hers. Her sea green eyes were bright and clear, a wealth of compassion and care radiated in them. Her features were delicate and perfect; a hint of freckles spattered her tiny nose. "It's a pleasure to meet you."

Cassie stared down at the woman, who was a good five inches shorter than her. She couldn't help but return Annabelle's radiant smile. She emitted warmth, friendship, and caring more than any person Cassie had ever met, and she couldn't help but instantly like her. "You also," she said softly.

Annabelle's smile widened, her eyes twinkled as she squeezed Cassie's hands tight once more before letting go. The tall, slender man that had come with Annabelle stepped forward to take hold of Cassie's hand. His dark brown hair fell in waves around his handsome, open face. His startling, oddly silver colored eyes burned into her as he studied her carefully.

"It's nice to meet you," he said softly in a lilting voice that held the hint of a Midwest accent.

"You too," she whispered, surprised by the man with the strange silver eyes. He seemed nice and caring, but there was a shy reservation in him that didn't seem to fit in with the open warmth that Annabelle radiated.

"And this is Chris," Devon said, drawing their attention away from Cassie. Chris shook hands with them, exchanging quick, pleasant greetings.

"Where are the others?" Annabelle inquired softly.

"Dani should be coming down soon," Cassie said, surprised to realize that she had not followed them downstairs. "Luther and Melissa went home to pack, but they'll be back before daybreak. Though I suppose we can't go anywhere till night anyway."

"Of course we can," Annabelle replied airily. "The windows are fully tinted so as long as I stay in the back I'll be fine. Besides, Julian will not be able to watch us if we depart during the daylight hours."

Cassie felt the panic set in again as she glanced wildly at Chris, who looked just as surprised as she felt. It was too soon to leave; she had been expecting another full day in her home. At least one more day! Devon stepped closer to her; he wrapped his arms around her waist as he pulled her tight against him. He nuzzled her hair, pressing his lips gently against her ear.

"It will be ok," he promised.

Cassie managed a small nod, but she couldn't shake the knot of tension and terror that was wrapping through her chest. Annabelle was watching them closely, surprise and amusement evident in her sea green eyes. She cocked a delicate eyebrow as she turned her attention briefly to Devon.

"I think the sooner the better," she said softly.

Devon's arms tightened around Cassie for a moment before he nodded briskly. "You're right."

Closing her eyes, Cassie winced slightly. She wasn't ready to be separated from her home, let alone Devon. Her fingers clutched tighter at him, she buried her head against his chest as she simply struggled to keep on breathing. Whatever amount of time they were apart was going to be pure torture for her.

"Hello."

Cassie lifted her head as Dani appeared at the bottom of the stairs. Her gold streaked eyes were slightly narrowed as she surveyed Annabelle and Liam. "Hello!" Annabelle said brightly, gliding elegantly over to the tiny girl. Cassie was surprised to realize that even with as small as Dani was, Annabelle was smaller. Annabelle seized hold of Dani's hands, flashing her radiant, loving smile. "And who are you?"

Dani studied her for a moment, managing a wan smile. "Danielle," she said softly. "But you can call me Dani."

"It's a pleasure to meet you Dani. This is my mate, Liam."

"Mate?" Cassie couldn't help but inquire.

Annabelle flashed a bright grin back at Cassie. Liam moved behind Annabelle, resting his hands lightly upon her delicate shoulders. "Yes, my mate. You haven't explained this to her yet Devon?"

Cassie glanced sharply at him, surprised by the hard clench of his jaw and the fierceness in his eyes as he stared hard at Annabelle. "No," he grated.

Annabelle's frown intensified, her eyes became dark and turbulent as she glanced swiftly between the two of them. "I see," she whispered.

Cassie's fingers tightened on him, confusion rocked through her. What was it that he hadn't told her? What could he possibly be keeping from her? "What is a mate?" Chris inquired, confusion marring his forehead as he glanced worriedly between Cassie and Devon.

"It is what a vampire takes, or the bond that they create, when they find the person, or vampire, that they wish to spend eternity with. It is a very profound experience." Annabelle's eyebrows were furrowed with worry as she met Devon's gaze again. "And it is binding."

"So, it's like, vampire marriage?" Chris asked in surprise. "Cause that sounds a little strange."

"And why is that?" Liam inquired in a low, gravelly tone.

Chris shrugged; he ran his hand through his hair as he tugged nervously at it. "I don't know. I mean you're dead and all, and you do live forever, seems a little strange that you would want to be with the same person that whole time. Hell, I can barely contemplate thirty years with the same person, never mind an eternity with them."

"Chris!" Cassie scolded shaking her head at him. What Annabelle was describing seemed like a very intense, private experience. It didn't sound like something that should be taken lightly, or mocked. And it sounded like something that she desperately wanted to experience with Devon.

"What?" he inquired defensively. "It's true!"

Annabelle merely grinned at him while Liam shook his head. "When you find the one person you can't spend the rest of your life without you will understand, and believe me thirty years will seem like a second," Annabelle replied. "And the taking of a mate is not something that is entered into lightly. As I said it is binding, and unbreakable. You are tied to a mate forever."

"So both mates have to be vampires then?" Chris inquired continuing to stare at Cassie, and then Devon.

"Well yes," Annabelle said softly, her forehead furrowed in confusion. "The bond is created through the sharing of blood and sex."

Cassie felt as if someone had kicked her in the gut as the air rushed out of her. Everyone else remained silent as Annabelle's words sank in. Cassie turned toward Devon, tilting her head to look up at him. He had taken her blood, but she was acutely aware of the fact that he had not shared his. And neither had they forged a bond through sex. It was not that she was afraid to anymore, not that she still had doubts that she wouldn't be enough for him, because she knew that she would. She just wanted it to happen when there was no one out there trying to kill them.

Although, she realized now that may be the impossible dream. It was very possible that there would never be a time when someone wasn't trying to kill them, and she did not want to die without having shared that experience with him. But the sharing of blood, well that was something that they may never be able to experience. She was surprised by how disappointed she was by the realization. She thought she should be repulsed by it, but she wasn't. Not if it was Devon's blood. Devon glanced down at her, dropping a quick kiss on her head.

Why hadn't he told her about this? She wondered, fear beginning to curl through her body. Had he kept it from her because he didn't feel that she was his mate? Did he not feel the same way about her, as she did about him? A cold chill curdled in her belly, her skin turned to ice as everything in her went numb. But that couldn't be true, she had felt his emotions, she knew how intensely he felt about her. But why hadn't he told her about this then?

He seemed to sense her distress as he pulled her tighter against him. Annabelle's eyes were questioning as she studied them. Cassie didn't like the intense scrutiny she found herself under. "I'll get my things," Dani interrupted. She turned and hurried swiftly up the stairs.

"Yes... I uh... I should go get my things too, and say goodbye to my mom."

"She's not coming with us?" Cassie blurted out, forgetting all about her terror and confusion in the face of Chris's statement.

He shook his head sadly, his sapphire eyes distant and lost. "No, she doesn't want to leave. And I suppose there is no need for her to. She's not one of us after all."

Cassie heard the pain in his words, felt the sorrow behind them. He may not have been close with his mother, but he still loved her, and he always would. When they left here though, there was a good possibility that he may never see her again. "Do you want me to come with you?" Cassie asked softly.

He hesitated for a moment before shaking his head. "No, I'd better do this alone."

Cassie nodded reluctantly. Chris moved swiftly past Liam, throwing the door open to the sun breaking on the horizon. "I'll put your car in the garage," Devon said, stepping forward to claim the keys from Liam.

Cassie watched as he hurried outside, leaving her alone with the two strange vampires studying her intently. She swallowed nervously, trying to shove aside her rising turmoil. "I should grab my things too," she said quickly.

She scooted quickly past Annabelle and Liam, feeling only slightly guilty about leaving them to fend for themselves. She needed a few moments to herself in order to gather her scattered thoughts and wildly swaying emotions. She had packed two suitcases already, but she still needed to gather her toiletries.

Heading into the bathroom, she began tossing things into her small travel case. She tried not to think as she moved, but all of her doubts and insecurities reared back to painful life. Zipping the case closed, she slid down to sit on the edge of the tub, suddenly unable to move. Why hadn't he told her about the mate thing?

"Cassie." She lifted her head when Devon appeared in her doorway. His eyes were dark and questioning as he studied her. "What's wrong?"

She hesitated, unsure of how much to say to him, not wanting to sound needy. But in the end, her curiosity and doubts won out. "Why didn't you tell me about the mate thing?" she asked softly.

He sighed as he came completely into the room. He was lithe and elegant as he moved, coming forward with purpose. "It's not the reason that you're thinking."

"And how would you know what I'm thinking?" she demanded fiercely.

The grin he gave her only caused her anger to crank up another notch. "Because I know you, love," he whispered. "You wear your emotions on your face, and I know how you think. I didn't tell you about it because I didn't think you were my mate, because I know you are. The reason I didn't tell you was because it is only one more thing for you to worry about, or to feel guilty about. It's only one more pressure that you do not need right now. We just need to get through the day, one day at a time right now. I need to keep you safe Cassie. Your safety is the only thing that I can worry about now. It's also the only thing that you can worry about."

Cassie stared silently at him as he knelt before her, gently taking hold of her hands. His eyes burned into hers, the need in them nearly broke her heart. "How can you be so sure that I am?" she asked softly.

He gave her a wry grin as he leaned forward on the balls of his feet. "I've known since the moment I saw you, I may not have admitted it to myself then, but I knew then. And there was something else..." his voice trailed off, his eyes fell from hers.

"Something else?" she prodded when he didn't continue.

He rose slowly to his feet, settling himself on the tub beside her. "I've never used my ability for mind control over you Cassie, at least not on purpose."

Cassie's eyes widened, her mouth dropped. For a moment she couldn't find her breath. What was he talking about? He had taken control of her mind? Chills of terror and disbelief raced up and down her spine, he wouldn't even look at her. He had invaded her mind and she hadn't even known about it! And why would he want to take control of her, what had he done to her? "What do you mean?" she breathed.

His head came slowly up, his eyes finally focused on her again. "There was a night, a time when my ability went beyond my control, while I was sleeping. It reached out to your mind, enveloping it, ensnaring it in a dream..."

Cassie gasped, her hand flew to her mouth as she recalled the dreams she'd had about Devon, and there had been so very many of them before she had accepted him into her life. But out of all the dreams, there had been one that was so vivid, so real that it had haunted her. That it had all but driven her into his arms. "The lake," she breathed.

He studied her for a moment before nodding slowly. "Yes, the lake."

"It was so real." Cassie's fingers brushed against her lips. It had been the first time she had ever kissed him, and though it had been wonderful, it had been nothing compared to the real thing. "Why?"

Devon took hold of her clasped hands. "I didn't do it on purpose Cass; I promise you I would never do it on purpose, not to you. If I was ever going to do it on purpose you would have been out of this town months ago, and we never would have been apart for two weeks." Cassie shifted, hating the reminder of the weeks they had spent apart, and how awful she had been to him. "I think I was growing so frustrated of your continuous rebuttal of me that it seeped out in my sleep."

He bumped her knee slightly, squeezing her hands gently when she ducked her head, shame washed through her. "The hunt was growing tiresome," he said lightly, though she could hear the strain in his voice. "I went to sleep that night, and unconsciously my power reached out to you. It did so because even though I didn't realize it until after I awoke, my subconscious recognized you as my mate, and it needed to connect to you in some way in order to satisfy itself. I didn't even know I was in your dream until you told me that you had spent your summers as a child there. That's when I knew."

Cassie swallowed heavily, her fingers fell away from her mouth. She could only stare at him, barely able to move, barely able to breathe as he turned toward her. His eyes were intense, fierce, his gaze steady and yet fearful. "Knew?"

"Knew what you were to me, knew what I had been trying to deny for so very long. Don't get me wrong, I continued to try and deny it. I did not want you placed in that situation, I didn't want you to know what I was, what my world consisted of. But then again, at the time, I had no way of knowing that you already knew far more of my world than I had ever wanted you too."

He leaned forward, gently clasping her face between his palms. Cassie leaned into him, savoring in him, relishing in his touch and feel, and the soft words that he whispered. "And after, well after I finally admitted it to myself, finally allowed myself to acknowledge that you were my mate, I was afraid to tell you."

"Why?"

His fingers brushed lightly over her face. "Because I wanted you to make the choice to join me on your own, I didn't want you to feel any pressure from me. I wanted you to feel free to make the choice, and not feel obligated."

"And now that I have, it may be impossible," she whispered morosely.

His head bowed, his forehead pressed lightly against hers. "Once you are safe, and all of this is past us, then we can sort out the rest of the details. And we will Cassie. I promise you, we will."

She nodded, blinking back the tears that burned her eyes. She wished that she could make this all different, wished that she had made the choice earlier. Maybe if she had, and there had been no fear of turning her, she could have been turned by now. And maybe, just maybe there would have been no ill effect, and they could be completely together, the bond between them could have been forged.

But then again, something awful may have happened. She could have become a monster, and Devon never would have forgiven himself, even if he had been unaware of the consequences at the time. No, as awful as it was, it was a good thing she had not made the choice earlier. There was no way to know what could have happened, and the last thing that she ever wanted was for to Devon to be hurt, in anyway.

Yes, it was awful, and it was going to be hard, but they would get through this. Together.

"Yes, we will," she said softly. Then, she frowned at him, a new thought blazing to life inside of her. "Devon, with what Annabelle described, wouldn't you and Isla be mates?"

He frowned at her, his hands tightened on hers. "No Cassie, there is more to it than just blood and sex. The bond is also forged through love. There was never any love with Isla, it was never like that. It has never been like that with anyone but you. And once I turned Isla, I never shared blood with her again. Mates tend to share blood on a near daily basis. Annabelle says that it is a beautiful and poignant experience."

"I see," she said softly. He continued to look at her worriedly, his gaze doubtful and questioning. "I do."

He managed a small smile for her as he wrapped his hand around the back of her head, pulling her against him for a fierce, demanding kiss that robbed her of all sense and reason. She fell into him; losing herself in the feel of him as he swept away all of her doubts and fears. She matched the frantic need of his kiss, knowing that this may be the last time that they were alone together for a very long time.

She didn't know that she was crying until he pulled away from her and gently wiped the tears from her face. "Don't cry," he whispered, kissing her cheeks.

"I'm going to miss you so much," she said, unable to keep the hitching sob from her voice.

He kissed her lightly again, resting his forehead against hers as he held her tight. "I'll join you as soon as I can," he vowed.

She swallowed heavily. "You had better, and you had better stay safe."

"I will Cassie, don't worry about me, you need to take care of yourself."

"Of course I worry about you. I love you."

He grinned at her, kissing her again before pulling slowly away. "I love you too. Melissa and Luther are here."

Cassie nodded, her hands shaking as he helped her up. He waited as she threw her travel bag into her suitcases before grabbing hold of them. "Devon." He paused in the doorway as he turned back to her. She moved swiftly toward him, throwing her arms around him as she kissed him forcefully. Her suitcases thudded to the floor as he wrapped his arms around her and pressed her tight against him.

CHAPTER 13

Cassie stared out at the dark night, listening as the trees clicked and creaked with the sway of the breeze shifting through the large maples and oaks. Aside from the noise of the trees, the night was eerily silent. Picking up her coffee, she held it between her chilled hands as she took a small sip. Chris sat silently behind her, his feet propped up on the banister, his hands folded into the sleeves of his parka.

Melissa stepped onto the wraparound porch a blanket wrapped around her shoulders. The screen door squeaked as she eased it closed. Though it had snowed throughout most of the day, the sky was clear, the stars bright in the dark night. The moon shimmered over the pristine blanket of white snow. It was one of the most hauntingly beautiful and lonely things Cassie had ever seen.

"It's so peaceful," Melissa said softly, wrapping her blanket tighter around her.

It was peaceful, too peaceful, and Cassie hated it. She missed being part of the action, missed the hustle of her small town, and her life. And she greatly missed Devon, every fiber of her being ached for him every second of the endlessly long days and nights. She hadn't slept more than two hours at a time since they had parted last week. Her skin hurt, her body hurt, everything in her hurt incessantly. And so far she had found nothing to help her ease the hurt that his absence had created.

The vibration in her pocket drew her attention to her phone. She pulled it out, her hands trembling slightly in anticipation. Cassie flipped it open, quickly scanning through Devon's text. He checked in with her as often as he could while searching for Julian. She had to know that he was safe; otherwise she would go insane in this cabin, in the middle of nowhere, in upstate Maine. Though it had every new luxury she could dream of, the cabin was remote, lonely, and much too far from Devon.

She typed a quick response to him and flipped the phone closed. She held it tight for a moment, not wanting to lose the small amount of connection the phone gave her to him. Her chest was tight with agony; tears burned her eyes as she slid it slowly into her pocket. She hated living apart from him, hated living like this, and feeling like this. She hated the not knowing of both of their futures. And she really hated being taken out of the fight and hidden away.

Movement to the right caught her attention. Annabelle emerged from the woods, gliding gracefully across the snow even though it was almost up to her knees. Her hair shimmered in the light of the moon as she moved, a small smile played over her mouth. She was not as beautiful as Isla had been, not in the seductive mysterious sense anyway, but she was delicate, and pretty, and so very open and loving that it was impossible not to like her.

Though she didn't like it, Cassie fully understood why Devon had thought he was in love with her.

"Couldn't sleep?" Annabelle inquired as she strode silently up the porch steps.

"No," Melissa answered.

Annabelle stomped her feet, shaking the snow from her boots. Her gaze was questioning as she glanced over the three of them, her cheeks red from the cold. She had a glow about her that Cassie recognized as a sign of having fed well. "Where are Dani and Luther?"

"Dani's sleeping, I think. And Luther, well..." Melissa shrugged as she shoved her hands in her pockets. "He hasn't left his books for more than a cat nap and a pee break since we got here."

Cassie glanced over at Melissa. They had all spent a lot of time buried amongst the musty books that Luther had brought with him, but Luther had been nearly inseparable from the pile. As the pile grew smaller, so did their hopes of finding any answers.

"Hmm," Annabelle said softly.

"Want some coffee?" Chris asked.

Annabelle shook her head, her long curls bounced around her shoulders. "No, not right now, thank you though."

Cassie nodded, her hands tightened around her cup as she turned back to the quiet night. "Devon and Liam are ok."

Annabelle grinned at her, bouncing slightly as she clapped her mittens together. "Of course they are I would know if something happened to Liam."

They all gazed questioningly at her as she continued to clap her hands. "What?" Chris asked, his chair hitting the floor of the porch as he dropped his legs down.

Annabelle continued to smile brightly. "We share blood; we're connected in that way. I would know if that connection was severed."

A small chill ran through Cassie as she thought over Annabelle's words. "So you would know if something happened to Devon also," she said softly.

Annabelle's eyes were kind and understanding as she turned to Cassie. Cassie hated that look in her eyes, hated the pity she saw there. She wanted to turn away, but she found herself unable to do so. "It has been a very long time, my blood connection with Devon is much thinner and weaker now, but yes, I think I would know."

Cassie nodded as she wrapped her arms around herself. The loneliness inside her grew in leaps and bounds. She could feel tears burning her eyes and she tried hard to bat them back. Normally she wouldn't be this emotional, but she had been uncomfortable in her own skin for the past week. She hated this feeling, hated being lost and vulnerable and self conscious. Hated feeling out of sorts and wretched.

Her fingers twitched on her sleeves, she hugged herself tighter. "You would know also," Annabelle said softly.

Cassie shook her head, trying hard not to shed the tears swimming in her eyes. "We don't have that kind of connection," she whispered.

Annabelle frowned as she shook back her bouncing curls. "No, yours is even deeper. You would know Cassie, believe me."

Cassie managed a small nod, but she didn't feel reassured. She felt completely empty. The door opened again as Luther stepped onto the porch. His eyes were bloodshot and weary, his hair a disheveled mess. "Break time?" Melissa asked softly.

Luther nodded as he pulled off his glasses and cleaned them on the edge of his shirt. "Have you heard from Devon?"

Cassie frowned thoughtfully; a small surge of hope flipped her heart over. "Yes, why have you learned something?"

Luther shook his head as he slipped his glasses back on. "No. I was simply wondering if The Commission may have appeared in town yet."

"He hasn't said anything about them, but then again, he hasn't really seen anyone. Not even Julian."

Luther stared thoughtfully into the distance, his eyebrows furrowed. "I'm going to need to go back tomorrow to gather some more books."

Cassie's heart lurched in excitement, her pulse picked rapidly up. "I'll go with you," she blurted, the thought of seeing Devon easing some of the torment in her body.

Luther shook his head no, his eyes caring but hard as they met hers. "Absolutely not Cassie," he said firmly.

"But you'll need help!"

"Melissa can come with me."

Cassie glanced wildly between them, anger and frustration boiled through her. "I can go!" she retorted fiercely.

Luther shook his head firmly. "No Cassie, if The Commission happens to show up I don't want them to see you. As of now they may know of you, but they have no idea what you look like."

"But they aren't there!" she protested vehemently, not willing to lose her chance to see Devon.

"We don't know that Cassie, they could be hiding. They could also arrive at any time. You need to stay hidden."

Cassie opened her mouth to protest and then snapped it closed. It would be pointless; he wouldn't allow her to go. If she insisted upon it, he would stay here and they needed more books. No matter how useless the books seemed right now, it was the only source of hope she had in these lonely mountains. They were one of the few things keeping her from going completely insane.

Her heart lurched as tears burned her eyes again. "Ok," she reluctantly agreed. "Will you see Devon?"

"Yes."

Despite her best intentions a tear slid free. She wiped it hastily away, knowing that if she wasn't careful she would turn into a sobbing mess. She wanted to see him desperately, to touch him, to know that he was safe. Her phone vibrated again, she pulled it swiftly out to find Devon's reassuring message that he was still safe and everything was well. More tears slid free.

"Cassie." She looked up as Melissa wrapped her arm around her shoulder, enfolding her in the blanket. "It will be over soon."

"I know."

"Come on let's go inside, it's getting chilly out here. Plus, I think we need a distraction, maybe a game of cards or Scrabble," Annabelle said, a false cheeriness in her voice.

Chris snorted as he launched to his feet. "Or how about I just kick all your asses on Wii?"

Cassie couldn't help but grin at him as he strolled by, nudging her shoulder lightly. "Dream on," she retorted.

***

Devon watched as the Caddy pulled into the driveway. Though he hoped that Cassie was not with them, he couldn't suppress the small glimmer of hope that filled him. Melissa and Luther climbed out of the vehicle, stretching their legs and backs. He turned away from the window, his spirits crashing when he realized that Luther had listened to him and not brought Cassie along.

He opened the door for them as they reached the porch. They both offered him tired smiles as they trudged inside. "How was the drive?" he asked softly, closing the door behind them.

"Fine, long, but it was fine," Luther answered. "How are things going here?"

"Long also," he answered on a sigh. "I'm beginning to wonder if Julian's even still in the area. Maybe Cassie killing Isla scared him off, instead of making him even more determined."

Luther lifted an eyebrow questioningly. "Do you really believe that?"

"I don't know what to believe," he admitted. "I haven't felt his presence in a long time; there was only one new murder, the night after you left. I think he suspected that there was something off with Cassie, something different. He stopped me from helping her that night..."

"He did what?" Luther interrupted sharply.

Devon paced anxiously, running his hand through his hair as he told Luther what Julian had done, and the words he had said. Luther stared at him, his eyes as wide as an owl's behind his glasses. Melissa's mouth was pinched tight, but she showed no other reaction as she stood rigidly by the door. "What does that mean?" Melissa asked when Devon was done speaking.

"I don't know," Devon answered. "I don't know if it means that he took off after seeing what she had done to Isla, but I doubt it. I think he would have been even more intrigued; think that he would have wanted to test her boundaries as much as possible to see what she was capable of. Or at least the Julian that I have always known would have, and I'm not inclined to think that he has changed any."

Luther pulled his glasses off, cleaning them as he stared at the floor. "You don't think he followed us?"

"I wouldn't still be here if I did. No, he didn't follow her. I would have known if he had, and Annabelle would have sensed him by now. He is strong, but not strong enough to keep himself cloaked from her and Chris for that long. Besides, there was that one other murder the night after you left. However, where he has gone since then, I don't know."

They stared at him for a long moment, shifting uneasily as they glanced toward the door. "Maybe he is laying low in the hopes that Cassie will return to town."

Though Melissa said the words, he could tell that she did not believe him. "Maybe," he agreed, though he didn't believe it either. However there was no other explanation for Julian's sudden disappearance, or at least not a better one than Melissa had offered. Besides, there was something he was more concerned about at the moment. "How is Cassie doing?"

"As well as can be expected, I guess," Luther mumbled.

Melissa frowned slightly as she folded her arms, her gaze moved slowly over the house. Devon had given up his apartment, preferring to take up residence in Cassie's home in order to keep an eye on Chris's mom. He also felt closer to Cassie in her home, he could still smell her here, still touch the things that had meant so much to her. "Melissa?" he inquired softly.

Her onyx eyes met his, her mouth pressed tight in a compressed line. "She's miserable," she admitted softly. "I know Cassie, and she can take a lot, but she's had more shoved at her in the past month then anyone should ever have to handle. She's lost, she's confused, and she needs you."

Devon blinked in surprise, startled to hear Melissa speak so openly about Cassie's emotions and what she was going through. He was also wounded by the truth and pain that resonated behind her words. "Melissa," Luther said reproachfully.

Melissa waved a slender hand looking slightly aggravated. "I know this is what has to be done. It just sucks," she muttered.

Devon thought that summed it up perfectly. "But she'll be ok, right?" he asked nervously, wishing that he could be there with her, hating the fact that she was in pain, lost, and confused.

"Yes," Melissa said softly. "She wanted me to give you this."

Melissa pulled a letter from her pocket, and handed it over to him. Devon took it, catching the lingering scent of Cassie upon it as he fingered the white envelope a moment before slipping it into his pocket. He wished that it was her he was holding, but until this mess was cleared up that was not to be. "Thank you. Did you get more books?"

Luther nodded, but he didn't look happy. "There's slim hope of them telling us anything Devon."

Devon sighed softly as he ran a hand through his disordered hair. "I know, the one's I have here are useless, but there is still some hope."

"I suppose so."

The sound of Liam's footsteps turned their heads to the stairs. He offered up a small smile as he stepped off the stairs, his hair was tussled and still damp from his shower. "How is Annabelle?" he inquired softly.

"Annabelle is doing well," Luther answered. "Think everyone else is starting to go a little stir crazy though."

Liam grinned. "Yeah, I imagine so."

"You staying the night?" Devon asked.

Luther nodded, glancing briefly at Melissa. "Neither of us is ready for another seven hours in the car."

"Don't blame you. Want some dinner?"

"Sounds good."

Devon turned to move into the kitchen when he noticed that Melissa had frozen. She was as stiff as a block of ice, her face slack, and her eyes distant and unseeing. A chill of apprehension raced down his spine, the hair on the back of his neck stood on end. He reached for her, but Luther seized hold of his arm, stopping him.

Luther's face was tight, his eyes hard as he shook his head at Devon. "Cassie," Devon whispered in terror.

Melissa gasped suddenly; staggering back, she hit the wall before she fell to the floor. Her wide eyes met his, the horror in them confirming his worst fear.

***

Cassie glanced up from her book, staring out across the silent clearing. The sun filtering through the bare branches cast dancing shadows across the snow covered ground. She didn't know what had caught her attention until she realized that the woods had gone completely silent. The squirrels no longer moved about in the trees, the birds had all stopped singing.

A chill began to make its way through her. A chill that had nothing to do with the cold day. Slowly, afraid that any sudden movement might draw an attack, Cassie placed the book down. She studied the woods, her eyes darting rapidly over the thick trees. Nothing moved amongst the shadowy interior.

The creak of the door caught her attention as Dani came onto the porch. "What are you doing?" she asked quietly.

"I was reading, but..."

"But what?" Dani inquired when Cassie broke off.

"But something's not right," she said softly. "We need to go back inside. Where are Chris and Annabelle?"

Dani glanced swiftly around the woods, fear flashed across her face. "Chris is playing a video game and I think Annabelle is still asleep."

Cassie stood slowly, managing a wan smile as she edged slowly toward Dani. "Are you sure something is out there Cassie? It is daylight."

"Not all of our enemy's are the undead. Go on Dani, get inside."

Cassie edged toward the door, nudging Dani lightly as she moved. In her pocket she felt her phone begin to vibrate. Keeping her eyes on the woods, she pulled it out of her pocket, relieved to see Devon's name on the screen. She pulled it out, flipping it open. "Hello," she said softly.

"Where are you?" the growled demand made her skin crawl.

"I'm at the cabin, of course," she said lightly, trying hard to keep her fear from him as she focused on the silent forest.

"You need to get Chris and Annabelle, and get out of there now. Right now."

Cassie shivered in fear. Melissa must be with him, she must have had a vision, and if Melissa had a vision...

Cassie shuddered again, her hand tightened around the phone. If Melissa had received a vision, then it was probably already too late. Cassie tried hard not to panic; Melissa's visions had been thwarted before, it was possible this one could be stopped too.

"Devon," she whispered terror choking her voice as his words completely sank in. Or, actually, his lack thereof. A sudden blooming knowledge dawned over her, encompassing her, leaving her hollow and shaken. She realized now that there was one name he hadn't mentioned. Closing her eyes she took a deep, calming breath. "I love you."

"Cassie..."

His words were cut off as she spun suddenly, launching at Dani. She realized only to late her mistake. She should have gone the other way, should have tried to get off the porch instead of confronting Dani head on. For Dani had been prepared for Cassie, whereas Cassie had not been prepared for her.

The jolt from the taser gun slammed into her shoulder, knocking her back a good five feet before she fell into the wall. Her body jerked with spasms as bolts of electricity pounded into her. Pain exploded through her, blood filled her mouth as she bit down hard on her tongue.

The jolts suddenly stopped. Cassie slumped to the ground, unable to move as her body went limp with relief. Her fingers clawed at the wood of the porch, she tried to form a coherent word, tried to get her body to move again, but her limbs simply didn't want to cooperate with her frazzled mind. She couldn't even gather her wits enough to feel the outrage she knew she should feel.

She could not summon the fierce sense of anger and betrayal that should be directed at Dani. An anger and hurt that would give her the power, and ability, to get up and moving again if she experienced enough rage. She didn't even have the strength to wonder what the hell was going on, or how Dani was even remotely involved with this.

No, she could only sit helpless in her tortured, frazzled body.

Her eyes rolled as movement caught her attention. Figures began to emerge from the woods. Her head lulled to the side as four men reached the porch, climbing swiftly up the stairs. Dani handed the taser gun over to the first man, who gave her a brisk nod.

"Good job. The others?"

"They've been taken care of."

Cassie uttered a garbled moan of pain as her heart constricted. Taken care of? What did that mean? Taken care of how? Fear for her friend's safety gave her a new strength. She lurched forward, trying to regain her footing in a desperate attempt to break free. She had barely moved a foot before a fresh bolt of electricity slammed her backward.

Her legs kicked spasmodically, blood from her wounded tongue spurted from her mouth as a choked cry escaped her. "You were right, she is tougher than we'd thought," another man said softly. "Two taser shots and she's still trying to get up. Tranquilize her."

Another cry escaped as they came at her, a syringe in hand. Cassie tried to get the strength to move, but her limp legs and arms refused to cooperate with her. Hands seized hold of her, pinning her against the wall. A shrill, unintelligible noise escaped her as the needle jabbed into her arm, and the plunger was pushed.

CHAPTER 14

Chris woke to the feel of tiny hands scrambling over him, then tugging at something. He groaned as he cracked an eyelid, surprised to find Annabelle kneeling before him, her delicate eyebrows drawn tightly together in frustration. He blinked in surprise, trying to figure out what was going on, and just what the hell she was tugging at.

His throat was unnaturally dry, painful. His tongue felt funny, and was that burnt hair that he smelled? He swallowed heavily, trying to wet his parched throat in order to find words. What had happened? His gaze darted to the video game he had been playing. The screen was still on, his car was crashed into a wall; a prompter asked if he wished to continue. The only thing he wished to do was figure out what the hell was going on.

Annabelle grunted in frustration and then jerked hard on something. Chris's hand went with her. He glanced sharply down, surprised to see a rope falling away from his wrist. "What..." the word came out as a croak. He swallowed heavily as Annabelle's sea colored eyes came up to his. The terror in her gaze was almost enough to make him lose his voice again. "What happened?"

Annabelle sighed heavily as she tugged at his other hand, freeing the last rope that had kept his arm in place. Annabelle sat back on her heels, studying him worriedly. "Dani happened."

"Excuse me?" he choked out.

Annabelle nodded as she rose swiftly to her feet. She kept her hand on Chris's arm as she reached around him, grabbing a can of soda from the table. She thrust it at him, studying him worriedly as he took a small sip. "How are you feeling?"

Chris shook his head, grateful for the drink. His mind was rapidly clearing but he was beginning to realize that he was going to wish that it hadn't. "Where's Cassie?"

Annabelle shook her head, her eyes growing dark with concern and fear. "She's gone."

"Gone? Gone where?" he demanded sharply, nearing spilling his soda as he lurched forward.

"I don't know," she whispered. "We've been out for hours Chris. They could have taken her anywhere by now."

Chris's heart jumped in his chest, pounding against his ribs with the force of a jackhammer. He stumbled to his feet, nearly tripping over the video game controller that had fallen at his feet. Annabelle steadied him before he could take a header through the flat screen. Panic tore through him, causing his temples to throb painfully with the rush of his blood.

"We have to find her!" he gasped. Cassie was his best friend, he was supposed to have kept her safe, and he had lost her. And he had lost her to God only knew who. "What the hell happened!?" he nearly bellowed.

"Chris calm down," Annabelle said softly. "Please, just calm down, we need to think. We have to figure out who came here, who took her. And we have to be rational to do it."

"I don't even know what happened, one minute I was playing a game, and the next you were untying me from this damn chair!"

His voice reverberated loudly around the room, it echoed in his ears. He took a deep breath, trying to calm himself but failing miserably. Cassie was gone; someone, or something, had taken her. He cursed viciously slamming his fist down on the table. His soda rattled, some of it splashed over the side, but everything remained standing.

"Feel better?" Annabelle asked quietly.

No, he felt like an idiot, he felt torn and tormented, and panicked. He felt like tearing this house down, then the woods, and then whatever else he could get his hands on, but none of that would do them any good. He took another deep breath, running his hand through his hair as he tried to steady himself.

He didn't understand where the full force of this panic and anger was coming from. Yes, he should be terrified, and worried, but this bad...

His thoughts trailed off as realization dawned on him. It was not him that wanted to rip the house down, or the woods, or everything in his way. It was Devon. Devon was near and his emotions were so strong, and so forceful, that Chris was picking up on them, and being affected by them. He looked at Annabelle, dismay making his heart race even faster. His skin became flushed as a cold chill swept down his spine.

"Devon's almost here," he said softly.

Annabelle's eyes widened in horror, her mouth parted slightly as she glanced swiftly to the window. "How bad is he?"

"Bad," Chris whispered, shuddering.

Annabelle turned slowly back to him, her hands fisted slightly. "Chris, I think you should go somewhere else, at least until he calms down. He's going to be on a rampage, and he's not going to care who is in his way."

Chris gaped at her, aghast at the thought. "I'm not hiding," he responded coldly.

"It's not hiding Chris, but he is not going to be controllable, and if you get in his way we may not be able to stop him. When a vampire's mate is threatened, or lost to them, they do not think rationally. What is going to come through that door is not the Devon you know. What is going to come through that door will destroy anything that gets in between him and Cassie."

"Well we aren't in between them," Chris grated. "And I'm not leaving you alone with him."

"I am sure that Liam is with him. Maybe even the others still."

Chris tried to sort through Devon's emotions to see if there were others with him, but it was impossible to tell beneath all of the fury and terror. Devon's emotions threatened to bury him beneath their fierce, sucking tidal wave. He had thought that Devon's misery and pain had been bad when Cassie had broken up with him, but this was far far worse. This bordered on the edge of insanity.

"He's going to kill us all," Chris whispered, suddenly convinced of it. Devon was strong enough, and savage enough right now to destroy them, and not even bat an eyelash. He could kill hundreds of people before someone ever stopped him. If someone, other than Cassie, even could.

Annabelle glanced fearfully at him, her delicate jaw set tight, her sea green eyes hard and determined. "As long as Cassie is still alive then we have a chance of reaching him. If she is dead, then there will be no stopping him. A vampire without their mate is as good as dead."

"She has to be alive," Chris said softly. "She has to be."

"Do you know that for sure?"

Chris shook his head; the only thing he knew for sure was that he was not ready to face the loss of his best friend, or the loss of his own life for that matter. "No, I don't, but even," he broke off, swallowing heavily. "Even if she is dead, I thought they didn't complete the ritual. I mean Cassie is still human. They aren't mates then, right?"

Annabelle had made her way over to the window; she glanced sharply back at him as she studied the dark night. "He still recognizes her as his mate. He still acknowledges it as a fact; he still knows in his heart that she is his. He cannot live without her Chris."

"Will he know if she is still alive if the bond wasn't completed?"

"For our sakes, let's hope so," she whispered.

"He's here."

Annabelle stepped away from the window. The light of the moon and the television cast an eerie glow about the living room that did little to ease the tension, and chill, that had taken up residence inside him. Over Annabelle's shoulder he could see a figure emerging from the woods, moving with so much speed that it was nearly a blur amongst the trees. Chris took an involuntary step back, trying to avoid the rage emanating from that blur.

"Where's Liam?" he whispered.

"He's not as fast as Devon." Annabelle moved closer to Chris, stepping slightly in front of him.

Footsteps sounded on the porch. Chris braced himself as the steps hesitated for a moment before stomping into the house. Devon's fury pounded against him as he made his way slowly into the foyer, his silhouette appeared in the doorway. He held something in his hand; his head was bowed over it. For a single moment he fingered it gently before lifting his head to slowly look at them.

Chris inhaled sharply as Devon's blood red eyes narrowed upon them. Annabelle straightened her shoulders, but Chris could feel her fear. "Where is she?" Devon growled, his eyes flaring to the color of a glowing ruby.

"Devon, you need to calm down," Annabelle said softly.

He took a step into the room. "Who took her?"

"Devon..."

"Who Annabelle!?" he bellowed so loudly that the windows shook.

Annabelle jumped slightly, pushing Chris back as she moved away. "That is what we need to figure out," she said softly. "But I believe it was The Commission."

Chris glanced sharply at her. He didn't want to be associated with anything, or anyone, that may have had something to do with Cassie's disappearance. Unfortunately The Commission was something that he could be associated with. Devon was irrational right now; he might very well blame Chris for Cassie's disappearance. "How long ago?"

"Devon look, we need to figure this out. If you could just calm down, we may be able to trace her location. Her blood is inside of you." Chris glanced sharply at Annabelle, shock riveted him. Cassie had allowed Devon to feed from her? He didn't know why he was so surprised; it made sense for them to want that connection after all. He just hadn't suspected that it had happened already. "I know you have fed from her. I can smell it, and sense it, in the power radiating from you.

"That power is also making you even more irrational now. You just need to calm down," Annabelle continued softly, her tone conveyed a reasoning that didn't appear to be reaching Devon.

Another blur caught Chris's attention moments before fresh footsteps hit the porch. Liam appeared behind Devon, his silver eyes instantly latched upon Annabelle. Though Chris had been afraid to move even an inch, Liam strode swiftly past Devon as he hurried to Annabelle's side. Chris could sense their longing for each other, but they did not touch as Liam reached her side.

"We, all of us, we can find her Devon," Annabelle continued gently. "With all of our gifts..."

"Before they hurt her?" Devon growled. "Can we find her before they hurt her?"

Annabelle glanced sharply back at Chris, her eyes caring but fearful. "We can find her. If she is still alive, we can find her. And she is alive, right Devon?"

Chris could read the truth in the softening of Devon's features. Relief flowed through Chris; his shoulders slumped as joy suffused him. Cassie was alive. His best friend had not been lost, yet. There was still time to get her back. Hopefully before she was hurt too badly, or Devon went completely insane.

Headlights filtered over the windows, tires crunched in the snow. Doors opened and slammed, running footsteps sounded over the driveway and then up the steps. Melissa and Luther burst through the door, skidding to a halt when Devon turned rage fueled eyes on them. Luther shoved Melissa back a step, Liam moved instinctively closer to them.

"Devon please come in and sit down," Annabelle coaxed. "Please."

Devon didn't move. He remained standing like an opposing avenger sent straight from the depths of hell. Chris only prayed he would not turn that wrath upon them, though he still appeared very close to doing so. "No," he growled. "Tell me what happened here."

Annabelle looked helplessly around. "At least let me turn on some lights. Let us get comfortable, so we can try to formulate a game plan."

Devon remained unmoving, his face hard, his eyes on fire. Annabelle moved slowly away, hedging toward the light switch by Devon. Liam bristled slightly beside Chris, but didn't move to go after her as she neared Devon. The lights flared on, causing everyone to blink in surprise. "What happened?" Liam inquired, glancing around the living room.

Chris slowly took in the room, noting the rope on the floor by the chair where he had been tied. He glanced at the bowl of soup he had eaten shortly before utter blackness had claimed him. A bowl of soup that Dani had made for him.

"Dani happened," he muttered in horror, Annabelle's words completely sinking in for the first time. He hadn't known what to make of her statement earlier, but now, with nausea twisting through his belly, he completely understood what she had been trying to say. "Dani did this."

"Yes," Melissa said flatly. Disgust, anger, and frustration darkened her face. "Yes she did."

Chris frowned at her, sensing more behind her words. "You had a vision?"

Melissa nodded briskly. "Too late though, they're almost always too late!" she spat.

"But what exactly did she do?" Chris demanded, his frustration getting the best of him. "I was playing the video game, and next thing I know I was waking up tied to a freaking chair! And why? Why did she do this?"

"I think there was something in your soup," Annabelle answered. "Some kind of drug, you were out cold when I got down here."

"And where were you?" Liam asked quietly, the tension in his voice belying his soft tone.

Annabelle ducked her head slightly; her long lashes fell to cover her eyes. "Upstairs," she admitted. "Dani came into my room, and we were talking. She was saying that she was scared, confused," Annabelle's delicate forehead furrowed as she tried to recall the conversation. "I remember giving her a hug, and then nothing. I was tied to my bed when I woke up, the hair on my arms still slightly singed."

"She electrocuted you," Liam growled.

Chris took a small step away from him, not liking the anger rapidly building inside him either. They already had one very pissed off vampire to deal with, they didn't need another one. Annabelle nodded. "I believe so."

Liam let out a low growl. Annabelle went to him, taking hold of his hand as she turned toward Melissa. "What did your vision show you?"

Melissa shot an anxious look at Devon, who was watching her intently, his eyes cold and furious. Chris was certain that Devon had already heard the answer to this, but was not going to stop her from the retelling. "Dani tasered Cassie. I saw her go down, and then four men came out to retrieve her."

Devon swore furiously, spinning on his heel he paced anxiously away. Melissa and Luther took that as their chance to slip by him and join the others in the living room. "The men?" Chris asked softly.

"Were out in the daytime, they were human. I am almost positive they were part of The Commission."

Devon swore again, his pacing becoming more agitated. "Why would Dani do this?" Chris asked softly.

"I don't know," Luther answered. "Maybe it has something to do with her brother, but I don't know. We have no idea what happened to her, or what she did, before we met her."

"I know what will happen to her when I'm done with her," Devon snarled, stopping in the doorway again.

The hair on Chris's arms stood on end. He had seen Devon out of control, wild. It had always been when Cassie was threatened, but this was... well this was different. Devon would destroy Dani; if he found her he would kill her. Chris wasn't too fond of the girl at the moment either, but what Devon would do to her was something that he didn't even want to imagine, or see.

Then, suddenly, those malevolent red eyes were locked upon him, staring him down. "You didn't sense anything from her?" Devon growled.

Chris swallowed heavily. "No, nothing like this."

"What did you sense then?"

Chris glanced quickly at Melissa and Luther; they were both watching him intently. "Fear, confusion," he said slowly. "I sensed no betrayal in her, no animosity, nothing deceitful or mean."

They all stared hard at him for a moment. "How could you not?" Devon demanded.

Chris took a deep breath, trying to puzzle that out for himself. "It's stronger when I touch a person. I can always read their emotions and inner personality better that way. But now that I think about it, I haven't touched Dani in a long time. I never questioned it at the time, never even thought about the fact that I haven't, but now I realize that she must have stayed away from me on purpose. Also," he broke off, worried about how Devon was going to react to his next words, but knowing that he had to continue.

"Yours and Cassie's emotions have been running so high lately that it's been hard for anything else to get through. Especially here, Cassie was a jumbled mess of confusion, loneliness, and hurt while she was here. What I sensed from Dani was nothing compared to that."

Devon stared hard at him, a muscle jumped in his clenched jaw. For a brief moment Chris was afraid that Devon was going to fly across the room and rip his head off. Chris knew he was quite capable of doing it. Swallowing heavily, Chris took a small step back, knowing that it would do him little good. If Devon wanted to get a hold of him, he would.

"I thought you could block out people's emotions," Melissa said quietly.

Chris looked helplessly at her. "Not when they're so strong like that," he said softly. "Their emotions get through anyway, no matter how hard I try to block them out. And in all honesty, I trusted Dani; I never sensed any animosity or ill will from her before. I never thought to search her anytime recently; there was no reason to doubt her."

"Ok, so none of us saw this coming," Annabelle interjected.

"Until it was too late," Melissa muttered in disgust.

Chris reached out and squeezed her shoulder, sensing the self hatred that radiated from her. "We need to find out where they took her," Luther said softly. "And why she's still alive."

Chris inhaled sharply as he shot Luther a fierce warning look. He loved the man, but sometimes he could be completely obtuse. "What do you mean why she is still alive?" Devon growled his voice so low and dangerous that everyone took a small step back.

Luther, realizing his mistake, cleared his throat nervously. Chris fervently hoped that he would change the subject, or at least think of some way to cover his words. Unfortunately, Luther didn't possess those social skills. "They came for her because of what type of Hunter she is. We had assumed that they killed off the other Hunters like her, but if they took Cassie alive, then we may have been mistaken. They may have been doing something else with those Hunter's, we just don't know what."

Stunned silence followed his statement. Chris waited, breath held, for Devon's reaction, which he was sure was going to be violent. He was not disappointed. A loud bellow ripped from Devon as he seized hold of the hall table near him. Lifting it, he swung it easily up, slamming it into the wall with enough force to shatter the table and plaster. They all instinctively ducked as plaster exploded in bits of white powder, and table pieces flew outward.

Devon stood amongst the ruined debris, his shoulders heaving, his fists clenched so tight that the muscles and veins in his arms stood starkly out. Though he looked on the verge of tearing the whole place down, he did not move to destroy anything else. "Nice Luther," Melissa said softly.

He glanced sharply at her. "There is no sugarcoating this," he replied. "We need to figure out what is going on, where she is, and we need to do it quickly. As long as she is alive, Devon will hold himself together."

Chris didn't want to think about what would happen if Cassie did not stay alive. He had grown close to Devon, had started to consider him one of his good friends, but if Cassie died then that Devon would cease to exist. And this Devon, the one before them now, would take over completely. The man would be destroyed as the demon inside surged forth to take control. Chris shuddered as he realized that there was a good possibility that he may lose two of his best friends very shortly. And that he may very well have to destroy one of them himself, if Devon didn't destroy all of them first.

Which Chris thought was highly more likely.

"So let's find her," Liam said. "Devon can you track her through her blood?"

Devon stood stiffly for a minute, his hands uncurling as he seemed to regain some control of himself. When he turned to them though, his eyes were still the color of rubies. "No. I picked her scent up again when we were miles away. It came here, and then it just stopped."

"That makes no sense," Annabelle murmured, her forehead furrowed, her eyes distant and troubled.

"He picked up the trail on what would have been their way out," Liam explained. "Where he started is also where we lost her."

"That still shouldn't happen," Annabelle insisted. "I know where Liam is at all times, I could find him anywhere. You should be able to find her."

"Our bond isn't complete Annabelle!" Devon snarled. "Cassie doesn't have my blood in her, and although I have hers, the bond is not strong enough for me to follow her."

Chris glanced sharply at Luther and Melissa to see how they would react to his statement. Both of their faces remained impassive, but Melissa glanced quickly over at him and he could feel her surprise. She hadn't known what had transpired between Devon and Cassie either. But he was fairly certain that Luther had, or he had suspected it at least.

"But you can't follow her blood?" Luther inquired quietly.

"Only so far," Devon answered. "They've taken her beyond that point, and it's been so long..."

Devon broke off, shuddering as a trace of humanity slipped through the fear and rage boiling inside of him. Chris sensed his overwhelming pain, the terror that was consuming him. Without Cassie, Devon would not survive, and yet Chris sensed no fear for Devon's own life, or his own survival. He only cared about Cassie's. For a moment his eyes turned green again, and then the red shuddered back into place and the fury blasted against Chris once more.

"There has got to be a way!" Melissa cried. "There has to be! We can follow her trail until Devon loses it and then we'll just have to..."

Melissa broke off, looking helplessly at Chris as tears slipped down her face. Chris understood her helplessness, her complete and utter lack of power. "Liam, what ability do you have?" Luther demanded.

Hope spurted through Chris as he turned swiftly to Liam. They didn't know what he was capable of, what ability he may possess that could be of use to them right now. Liam shook his head; his gaze darted briefly to Devon. "I can communicate with animals, which does us little good in this situation."

Chris started in surprise, it seemed like a handy little gift to him. "Can't we just talk to them; won't they be able to tell us where they took her?"

Liam frowned, shaking back his brown hair. "They may be able to tell us for a little bit, but to find enough of them that have seen something..."

"Would take far too long," Devon interrupted sharply. "We need something quicker and easier."

Devon emitted a low growl as he paced to the door and then back again. Chris stood silently, trying to piece everything together, trying hard not to let his panic, and Devon's emotions, get the best of him. He needed to think, they had to figure something out before it was too late.

"Julian," he said softly.

"What?" Melissa asked in surprise.

"Julian," Chris rushed out, hope blazing through him. "Julian can find where she is. All we have to do is give him something of Dani's, and he will know everything that she knew! He can tell us where to find them!"

Stunned silence met his eager outburst. "Why would he help us though?" Annabelle asked quietly.

"Because we're going to make him," Devon grated out, his hands fisting, his eyes still the color of blood. "We need to gather some of Dani's things."

Before anyone could respond Devon turned and bounded rapidly up the stairs. Chris listened as he threw open doors before finally finding Dani's room. "I'll go help him before he tears the place down," Liam said softly, swiftly disappearing from the room.

"What if this doesn't work?" Melissa inquired.

"It has too," Luther answered. "It's all we have."

"Did Devon run the whole way here?" Chris asked, more to divert the conversation away from the doubt than out of any real curiosity.

Luther shook his head. "He got out of the vehicle about thirty miles back. That's probably where he picked up her scent."

"If we don't find her, this will get ugly," Annabelle whispered. "And I'm fairly certain that all of us together will not be enough to take him down."

"No, we're not," Chris said softly.

Melissa squeezed his arm gently, her dark eyes worried and lost as he met her gaze. "We'll find her, I don't care what it takes we will find her. Julian will help us."

Chris nodded, wanting desperately to believe her, but unable to bury the doubts blazing through him. He listened as Devon and Liam pounded back down the stairs. "Let's go," Devon ordered briskly.

"Wait, Devon." Luther held up a hand, taking a step forward to intercept Devon before he could leave. "I think that we should split up. Liam and I should stay here; we should search for the animals. It may be a long shot, but it is one that we need to pursue."

Luther broke off, his unspoken words hanging heavily in the air. If they could not find Julian, than Liam may be the only hope they had, no matter how small it was. Devon remained silent for a moment, his shoulders stiff with fury. "Fine."

Annabelle looked about ready to protest as her eyes darted longingly toward Liam. Liam gave a brief shake of his head, halting her words. "It will be for the best," he said softly. "Luther can drive while I search the forest, and he can find us places to stay during the day."

"It's settled then, let's go."

Before anyone could say anything more, Devon stormed out of the house. "Liam," Annabelle whispered.

He shook his head; he reached out to seize her hand and squeeze it tight. "You must stay with him Annabelle, you may be one of the only people that can keep him calm, that can reach him, and I must go. We have to find her before he begins to truly destroy things, and people. I will be fine, now go on."

Tears shimmered in Annabelle's eyes as she stood on her toes to kiss him softly. Chris turned away, leaving them to enjoy their brief goodbye. He followed silently out the door behind Melissa and Luther. Devon had already disappeared into the forest, leaving them to follow behind.

CHAPTER 15

Cassie woke slowly, a soft moan escaping her. Her entire body ached; her mouth was as dry as a bone. She could hardly get her eyes open, and once she did, the light burned them so bad that she instantly clamped them shut again. Her groggy mind struggled to process what little bits of information she could pick up on. She was lying on a bed, a small one, probably a cot. The sheets were cool, there was only one pillow.

She knew she was far from where she was supposed to be, and that was about all she did know.

Slowly she forced her eyes open again, blinking against the bright light that flared harshly from the fluorescent light in the ceiling. The walls were concrete, white. Half of the wall across from her was taken up by a giant piece of one way glass. She blinked at the glass, her skin crawled at the realization that there was probably someone on the other side, watching her.

Gathering her shaking arms beneath her, she managed to shove herself into a sitting position. Her eyes darted swiftly around the small, sterile room. Her heart lurched painfully in her chest; her skin was coated in a thin layer of sweat. She realized almost instantly that she was in a prison room and that she was the prisoner.

Turning slowly, Cassie's heart thumped even harder at the sight of another, smaller window behind her. There would be absolutely no privacy in this room. Her attention darted to the door next to the glass across from her. She knew it would be locked, but she wasn't about to just sit here.

Shoving herself to her feet, she stumbled slightly, almost falling over. She crashed into the wall, wincing as pain lanced through her bruised shoulder. Sucking in a deep lungful of air, she tried her hardest to ease the dizziness and nausea rolling through her. For a moment she feared she was going to vomit, or pass out. She fought fiercely against the darkness trying to pull her under; she most certainly didn't want to be unconscious in this place again.

It took a few minutes before she felt steady enough to move again. She passed by another door that was cracked open to reveal a small bathroom beyond. Shuffling past the bathroom she reached the main door. She grabbed hold of the handle, not at all surprised to find it locked. Frustration and fear tore through her as she yanked desperately at the handle, panic and a crushing sense of claustrophobia descended over her.

A small cry of aggravation escaped as she slammed her hand against the door, resting her forehead on the cold metal as she tried to gather her shaken wits. She didn't scream for help, for she knew no one would come, or at least no one that she wanted to see. Standing on tiptoe she stared out the small window in the center of the door.

There was a long hallway outside, bright light bounced off the white linoleum floors of the hall. She saw no movement, sensed no sign of a human presence out there. She tried to summon her rage, to gather the vast strength that had helped her to destroy Isla, and might help her get out of this. But it did not come surging to the forefront. In fact, it seemed buried inside of her, trapped by something that she had no control over.

She recalled the shot they had given her. There was a foggy, drugged feeling still clouding her mind. What had they done to her? What had they given her? And what the hell was she doing here?

"You're awake."

Cassie jumped back, nearly falling over as she stumbled away from the door. Her gaze darted wildly around the room as she tried to pinpoint the source of the voice. Her gaze landed on the speakers she had not noticed beneath the larger mirror. Light suddenly flooded on behind the mirror, revealing the man that had spoken to her. Cassie's mouth dropped, shock riveted her as she recognized the man on the other side as Dani's brother, Joey.

She moved slowly away from the mirror, her calves brushing up against the back of the small cot. Her mind was spinning with a million questions, none of which she could actually form into words. Another man moved in to stand beside Joey, Cassie vaguely recognized him as one of the men that had come onto the porch to retrieve her.

"Where am I?" she managed to choke out. "What do you want with me?"

The strange man stepped forward, hitting a button to allow him to speak. "You are a danger to people, and to your race; we could no longer allow you to be free."

Cassie's mouth dropped, panic slammed heavily through her. She glanced wildly around the room as she tried to understand exactly what was going on, and just how bad her situation was. She was very afraid that she hadn't even begun to grasp the true depth of this awful situation. "So you plan on keeping me here to keep others safe?" she demanded.

The men exchanged a look. Joey's auburn hair was the color of blood in the bright light of the fluorescents, his light brown eyes distant. The man at his side remained impassive. His face was a mask of indifference, his hair neatly trimmed, and graying at the edges. His dark blue eyes were as cold as granite. It was the look of speculation and curiosity in his gaze that frightened her most. He stared at her as if she were a bug, something to be picked and prodded at, something that he wanted to torture and dismantle.

Cassie fought to keep her composure as a crushing sense of doom threatened to descend upon her. "No, we have other plans for you," the man answered.

Swallowing heavily, Cassie fisted her hands as she fought the shaking that was trying to rattle through her. "And what would those plans be?"

"You're a fascinating specimen Cassandra." Cassie shuddered at the word specimen, her stomach twisted with nausea. "There is a lot of power and ability in you. You did kill Isla after all, and she was almost an Elder. We want to try and harness that power, try and use it to our advantage. We do need an advantage desperately. The only problem is that you have no control over your abilities."

Confusion swirled through her as she gazed wildly back and forth between them. "You plan on teaching me how to control it?" she managed to grate out.

"No, because we cannot control you," he said flatly. "We plan on trying to harness it, on trying to learn from it."

"I don't understand."

"We are losing the war; we need all the weapons that we can get. You will be one of those weapons. We just need to learn how to use you. We need to learn how to make The Hunter race even stronger, and you may very well be the key to that. Your blood may be our way to do so."

Cassie's legs gave out as she slid onto the small cot that was now her bed. "You're supposed to be the good guys," she whispered.

"We are, but in every battle innocent lives must be lost. And you are not an innocent Cassandra, consorting with the enemy and all."

Her head shot up, her eyes widened in horror. "Devon is not the enemy!" she snapped. "He is one of the good guys. He's saved my life numerous times and he is a good man!"

"He's a monster," Joey growled, disgust twisting his features. "And you're a disgrace."

"At least I didn't run!" she snapped, anger giving her strength as she leapt to her feet. "I stayed and fought the battle. I stayed and fought the war! You ran and hid like the coward you are!"

Joey took an angry step forward, but could go no further than the wall before him. "You're a damn whore!" he spat at her.

Cassie glared fiercely back at him, her hands fisting as some of the anger she had been searching for came to the forefront. The man rested a hand on Joey's shoulder, pulling him back a step. "You allowed the vampire to feed from you, but I am assuming that you did not take any of his blood."

Cassie glanced sharply at the man at Joey's side. "I'm assuming that this exchange did not occur because the vampire was afraid of what it may do to you." Cassie clenched her jaw, refusing to say anything more as she turned her gaze to the ceiling, taking note of the strange vents above her. "I also wonder what his blood would do to you."

Her gaze snapped back to him, terror tore through her, melting her resolve not to speak again. "You leave him alone!"

Joey groaned in disgust as he rolled his eyes. "Quick to defend your lover."

Cassie glared at him, her teeth grinding tightly. "We don't need him," the other man said softly. "We have something just as good."

A cold chill washed through her and she was almost forced to sit again as her legs buckled slightly. She would not give them the satisfaction of seeing such a weakness in her though. She absolutely refused to let them see her cower in fear. "What do you mean?" she choked out, terrified of the answer.

The man reached down and flipped another switch. A wash of light flooded from the window behind her. The hair on the back of her neck stood on end as she felt a set of eyes burning into her back. A shudder tore through her. Her mouth was completely dry as she turned slowly, dread pulsed rapidly through her.

Julian was standing behind the glass, his arms raised above his head as he grasped hold of the top of the windowsill. His handsome face was hard, his eyes a violent shade of red as he stared murderously at the men behind her. Slowly, his gaze shifted to her. Cassie remained immobile, shock riveted her as his eyes turned slowly back to their startling ice blue color. Oddly though, the nearly white band around his pupils remained a violent shade of red. It was a startling effect that robbed her of her breath.

"Hello princess," he purred.

Cassie's breath exploded out of her, terror and confusion left her numb as she began to tremble all over. What the hell was Julian doing here? And just what the hell did they expect to have happen? She could hardly tear her gaze away from him, frightened by the power and anger she sensed rushing out of him, frightened by his strange presence in the same hell that she was trapped in. There were endless possibilities about what his presence here meant, and none of them were good.

Ever so slowly she turned back to her captors. "Julian is also an Elder with some amazing abilities from what I understand," the strange older man informed her with a calm reasoning that shook her. For the first time, she began to understand that the man was truly crazy.

She couldn't find words, could barely even find her breath. Unwillingly, she slid back to the cot, her legs unable to hold her any longer. "You plan to experiment on us," she whispered.

"We plan to do a lot with you. Now I would suggest getting some rest, you're going to have a very active day tomorrow."

Her head snapped up as the light flashed off. Joey and the man disappeared from view. Bowing her head, her hands clenched upon the bed as she gasped for air, trying to get some oxygen back into her tortured lungs. "Don't breathe too deep."

She turned slowly toward Julian, trying hard not to shed the tears burning her eyes. "What?" she inquired dumbly, unable to think past the confusion and fogginess clouding her brain.

He lifted a dark eyebrow; a small scowl twisted his hard mouth. His muscles flexed and bunched as he leaned closer to the window, his electric eyes blazed with anger and frustration. "Don't breathe to deep; they pump something into these rooms, some kind of tranquilizer. Though I don't particularly need air, it still gets into my system. It also comes in the blood they give me, as I imagine it will come in your food, two things that we both need in order to survive."

"Oh God," she moaned, dropping her head as she began to rock slowly back and forth, trying desperately to soothe herself.

"There is no God here, only men trying to play God. Don't fall apart on me princess, we're going to need you to get out of here."

She looked up at him in surprise. "Me?" she croaked

He nodded. "Well I can't do it alone, and with that nifty little getting pissed off and destroying things trick you have, I'm thinking between the two of us we can escape."

Cassie shook her head, trying hard not to completely fall apart. Trying hard to keep her wits through the horror and confusion beating against her. Was she really having a conversation with Julian about joining together in something? Was this truly happening to her?

Cassie blinked, trying hard to rid herself of the awful fogginess, and surreal reality surrounding her. Though she wanted to deny it, she knew that this was very real, and that she was in a lot of trouble. As was Julian. And if it meant having to help him to get herself out of here, then she would do whatever it took to get back to Devon, and her friends again. She would do anything she could to escape the madmen that now held her life hostage.

"I can't..." she broke off as she inhaled a shuddery breath. "I tried getting mad already, and I can't. It must be something that they gave me, or are still giving me," she whispered, her gaze darting to the vents in the ceiling. They were too small for her to crawl out of, but apparently just big enough to constantly pump a stream of tranquilizer into her. "Plus, even if I could get mad, I can't control it. I become something else, something dangerous and volatile. Something that has no reason or rationality, you don't want that thing coming out. There is no way to know what the consequences of it happening would be."

Julian was silent for a moment, and then a loud crash sounded from behind her. Cassie jumped in surprise, whirling as he smashed his hands against the thickly layered glass again. It rattled in the frame, but held firm beneath his fierce blast. Cassie stared at the glass, wondering just how thickly layered it was, and what they had used that could keep a vampire at bay.

Julian's eyes were a bright blazing red, his face twisted in fury. "I don't give a damn what you become," he snarled. "Without it, we are going to turn into lab rats in here! They are going to poke and prod at us until they are satisfied, and then they are going to kill us. So princess," he spat. "You need to tap into that little ability of yours, or we are both going to rot in here. And from the sounds of it, what they plan on doing to me is nothing compared to what they want to do to you!"

Cassie stared at him with wide, horrified eyes. Her gaze darted back to the thick metal door on the other side; she desperately searched for some way to escape this horrendous situation. But what could she do if she was tranquilized? What help could she possibly be if she couldn't tap into the rage that helped to fuel her strength, and agility, to higher levels?

She turned back to the vents, studying them for a moment. The ceiling was a good twelve feet high; even if she stood on the bed she wouldn't be able to reach it, wouldn't be able to attempt to block the vents somehow.

Cassie glanced back at Julian. His strong jaw was clenched tight; a muscle jumped wildly in his cheek. His eyes were once more their chilly ice blue, the bands of nearly white around his pupils was back in place. His gaze was locked on hers, determination blazed from him. His normally spiked white blond hair hung limply against his sharply refined features. Even though he was a brutal murderer, and a vicious bastard, she couldn't help but admire his harsh beauty. He was a creature that was used to getting and taking whatever he wanted, whenever he wanted it. He was not used to being caged like an animal.

"How long have you been here?" she asked quietly.

His mouth twisted into a snarl, his fangs extended slightly as he turned now blood colored eyes toward the darkened window across from her. "Too long," he growled. "Over a week now, maybe even two."

Cassie gaped at him in surprise. They had been worried about him hunting in their town, and he had been locked in here almost the entire time. "But how did you get here?"

"Same way as you I suppose, that little bitch Grounder of yours."

"Dani?" Cassie squeaked, her thoughts turning instantly to Annabelle and Chris. Were they ok? What had Dani done to them? She did not believe that they were in here with her; Dani had said that they had been taken care of. But what exactly did that mean? Had she hurt them, or simply left them incapable of trying to defend Cassie?

Cassie shuddered, fighting hard not to shed the tears of frustration, terror, and anger burning her eyes. They had to be ok; she needed them to be ok. But as of now, there was absolutely nothing that she could do about it, other than hope that Dani still had enough decency in her not to hurt innocent people. Cassie didn't know how likely that was considering the fact that Dani had so easily turned on her.

"How is that possible, Dani was with us?" she whispered.

"I didn't say she was the one that took me," he mumbled. "I'm just assuming that she had a hand in it. They knew where I was hunting, knew what my ability was, and knew how to take me. Her brother has one hell of an ability too."

Cassie's eyebrows shot up, her eyes darted nervously toward the glass. She hoped that they weren't listening to them, but she highly doubted it. "Joey? What can he do, and how do you know he's her brother?"

"Yes, Joey," he rumbled. His eyes were intent upon her. "How do you not know what one of your own can do?"

Cassie glowered at him, her hands clenched on the thin blanket upon the cot. "We didn't all keep in touch after The Slaughter," she retorted sharply. "Hell Chris and I didn't even know what we were until we were thirteen, and there is no way to know how many Hunter's are left out there, never mind what they are capable of."

"Ahh The Slaughter," Julian sighed softly, his eyes became distant and fond. Cassie's temper prickled; a slow rippling flowed through her at the joy she sensed beneath his words. Joy at the fact that he had helped participate in the event that had nearly decimated her race, and destroyed her parents. "Good times."

"Screw you!" she spat, launching to her knees as a burst of rage flowed through her. "Screw you, you ass!"

Julian's eyes narrowed upon her, a small smile quirked his mouth. Cassie's hands fisted at her sides, she wished the glass wasn't between them because she desperately wanted to punch him, wanted to pummel that smug look off his face. "Angry now princess?"

Cassie wanted to feel the flash of rage, suddenly wanted to lose control because she was fairly certain she could rip this glass apart to get at him if she did. But though she wanted it, and though she felt the slow slither of it coiling within her, the full force of it would not come forth. Helplessness and frustration filled her, burying the anger beneath the tidal wave of self pity that threatened to consume her. Cassie slumped back, her head bowed as she folded her hands before her.

"What have they done to me?" she whispered.

Julian sighed, his hands slid down the window as he knelt before her. She lifted her head to meet his steady gaze. She had expected to see smugness still in his gaze; instead there was understanding, and compassion. Cassie was taken aback, her eyes widened as he continued to study her intently.

"They've drugged you princess, and like me, you are unable to fully break through the effect of those drugs. I was hoping that you would be different, because you are different, but apparently they have taken that fact into account."

He sat back on his heels, running his hand wearily through his disordered hair. His gaze went slowly to the window behind her. Cassie glanced sharply up at the vents wondering what they were pumping into the room; she was suddenly very tired and weary. "How did they get you?"

"That little bitch's nut job brother..."

"Joey," she supplied, stifling a yawn.

He scowled down at her, folding his thickly muscled arms over his broad chest. "You call him what you want to, and I'll call him what I want to. Nut job has telekinesis, the ability to move things with his mind," he elaborated at her confused look. "Three of them took me down with electricity, and one with a drugged dart. Then nut job pinned me down like a damn bug while the others came forward to drug me even further. Freaks."

Cassie quirked an eyebrow at him, she was unable to stifle her next yawn. "It's a war remember, you were just enjoying reminiscing about the near destruction of my race. This war has been going on for over a thousand years. I thought you, of all people, would enjoy it."

His eyes darkened, his hands pressed flat against the glass once more. He leaned toward her, his nose nearly touching the glass as he stared at her. "War's result in blood and death. If they had killed me that would be understandable, honorable even, but this is a bloody freak show! This is not war; this is a bunch of madmen who have lost their minds."

Cassie stared sleepily up at him; a shiver worked its way through her at his words. He was right, they were madmen. And it had been madmen and scientists that created the Hunter line to begin with. Cassie's fingers dug into her arms as she tried to keep herself under control and free of panic.

"Just like they did before," she mumbled her eyes darting fearfully back to the shadowed glass.

"Yes," Julian agreed softly. "Just like before, except now we are the ones trapped in these cages like rats."

She couldn't help but give him an amused look. "So you would rather be dead then?"

"Wouldn't you?"

Her smile slipped swiftly away. A shudder tore through her at the mere thought of what they might do, of what they were going to do them. And she was fairly certain that even her worst fears didn't begin to scratch the surface of what these monsters intended for the two of them. She had never truly wanted to die. There had been a brief period, after her grandmother's death, where she had considered her life nearly over, and she had not been frightened by that fact. But, she had not truly wanted to die, no matter how much she had thought she did. But now, well now she found that she might end up vastly preferring death to their current circumstances.

She had only one hope.

"Devon will find us," she whispered.

Julian snorted in disgust. "Keep dreaming princess."

She rounded angrily on him, her hands fisted as she glared furiously up at him. "He will come!" she retorted.

He stared at her for a moment longer before bending down to look her in the eye. "I have no doubt that he is looking for you princess, it is only a matter of how is he going to find you?"

Cassie stared silently back at him, her mouth parting slightly. She had no idea how, and she didn't want to think about the how, she just wanted to believe that he would. There had to be a way, someway, it was the only hope that she had, and if she lost it she was going to go crazy in this small cell. Swallowing heavily she forced herself to defiantly return his steady stare. "Devon will find a way," she insisted. "Maybe Liam..."

He quirked an eyebrow again, his full mouth curved in amusement as he shook his head. "Liam talks to animals, not much help there. In fact, my ability was probably the only hope that they did have, and I'm not going to do them a damn bit of good in here."

Cassie's nostrils flared as she exhaled sharply. Her sudden lethargy was forgotten as fear and distress rolled through her. "It's not like you would have helped them anyway," she muttered.

He offered her a small smile. "Don't be so quick to judge princess, I'm full of surprises."

She blinked at him in shock, twisting on the cot in order to ease the crick in her neck that her position was causing her. "You would have helped them?" she demanded disbelievingly, resting her hands on the windowsill as she knelt before him.

He grinned at her in amusement, flashing all of his white teeth as he winked devilishly. "If I thought it would be fun I would have."

Cassie was baffled by his behavior and cavalier attitude. The Julian she knew was ruthless, monstrous, and a cold hearted killer. This Julian was nothing like that one. This Julian seemed almost light hearted and carefree, which seemed completely out of sorts with their environment and horrendous situation. Cassie shook her head, trying to rid herself of the confusion swirling through her.

"I don't get you," she said softly.

He dropped onto the bed beneath his window and propped his arm on the sill to study her. "That's the way I like it."

Cassie glared back at him. "You told Isla about my grandmother, you sent her there to kill her!"

Another surge of anger somehow managed to burst past the drug induced lethargy clinging to her. It didn't come raging out of her like it did the night she'd killed Isla, but it coiled through her chest like a serpent unwinding from a rock. Then, whatever they had shot her up with, and whatever they were pumping into her room, took hold of her again. It was almost instantaneous; the anger rose up and was swiftly doused.

Cassie gazed helplessly around, feeling trapped and claustrophobic, pathetically helpless, and suddenly very lethargic again. She blinked, trying to clear the fog from her mind. She didn't want to go to sleep. If she fell asleep, she wouldn't see them coming for her. If she fell asleep, they would get to her again. Cassie shuddered in terror, instinctively drawing her knees up against her chest in a poor attempt to soothe herself in some way.

"I didn't send Isla after your grandmother."

Cassie turned slowly back toward him. She struggled to clear her hazy mind, barely grasping hold of what they had been talking about. She shook her head as the tendrils of clouds continued to move in, slithering through her brain. She closed her eyes, just needing a moment to gather her thoughts.

"Hey! Hey!" Cassie's head snapped up at the loud banging. She started in surprise at her surroundings, having briefly forgotten about the horror that surrounded her. "Hey!" Her head whipped around, her eyes widening as Julian slapped his hands against the glass one more time. "Stay awake! I'm talking to you!"

Cassie blinked dazedly at him, trying to pull herself out of the mist surrounding her. She managed a small nod, focusing blearily on him. "I'm awake." Her voice sounded thick, groggy, her tongue felt funny, too heavy.

"I did not send Isla after your grandmother."

Cassie frowned at him, her eyes narrowed slightly as he touched upon that awful subject. "Then how did she know who my grandmother was?" Cassie demanded her words slightly slurred due to her strange tongue.

Julian's eyes burned into hers. "I may have known about your grandmother, and I may know many other things about you, but I can assure you that it was never your grandmother that I was after."

When Cassie remained staring questioningly at him, he continued. "It was you."

She glared at him, her hands dug into her legs in an attempt to keep herself awake. She was slightly unnerved by the fact that he knew things about her, but then she had known for a long time that he did. Just what exactly, and how much, did he know about her? "You told Isla about my grandmother though," she growled.

Anger spurted through her when his mouth quirked in amusement. "No princess, I didn't. It didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out about your grandmother, or you. Even Isla, who had many admirable attributes but not too much in the way of brains, was able to put two and two together." Cassie's scowl deepened at the mention of Isla's attributes. "I told her to stay away from your grandmother."

"Why would you do that?" she demanded.

He tilted his head to the side, studying her carefully. "I didn't want to poke the bear, not yet anyway."

Cassie blinked at him in stunned surprise. "Excuse me?"

"I wasn't ready to disturb the hornet's nest I sensed inside of you. But Isla didn't care about my warnings, or heed them. She was too bent on trying to get her revenge." His eyes drifted toward the glass behind her. "She paid for that."

"Is that why you tried to keep Devon from getting to me that night, so that Isla could get what she deserved? Or me for that matter?" she accused fiercely, not believing what he was saying to her at all.

Julian sat back slightly on his heels. She could almost see the wheels turning in his brain, trying to decide what he did, or did not want to reveal. Finally, he shrugged and leaned forward again. "No, I intervened because I had to be certain, and no matter how much I had advised Isla against it, she did give me the opportunity I needed to observe you," he said softly.

Cassie frowned, moving closer to the window as she strained to hear him better. The fog in her mind seemed to clear as she became riveted upon what he was saying. "Had to be certain of what?" she whispered.

"Of what you are, of course."

Cassie's mouth parted slightly, her hands slipped away from her pants. "What do you mean?"

"When I touched you that first time, I learned that you believed you have no powers."

"I don't have any powers," she inserted sharply.

Julian's eyes were hard when they met hers; the white band around the pupil momentarily grew larger. "Then how do you explain a single Hunter being able to take out a vampire that was nearly an Elder?"

Cassie bit on her bottom lip as she recalled the hatred and fury that had suffused her the night she had killed Isla. The awful feeling, and loss of control she had experienced, had been overwhelming. It had nearly buried her beneath the monster inside of her. Though, as much as she'd hated the feeling, and the pain that had accompanied it, she almost wished that she could bring that monster out now. Almost. It had been awful, and vicious, and nearly destroyed her. And no matter how much she hated their current situation, she hated the creature inside of her more.

"Whatever is inside of me, it's not a power," Cassie broke off, her gaze darted worriedly toward the mirror across from her once more. "It's a curse. It's a... it's something awful," she finished on a whisper.

"They will tell you that it is something awful," Julian hissed. "But they created your race, so they created you."

Cassie swallowed heavily as she shook her head. "I'm confused," she breathed.

Julian heaved a large sigh. Turning, he rested his shoulder against the mirror, his head dropped to the glass. Cassie realized that whatever they were pumping into the rooms was having an effect on him too. "When I first met you, I wanted to hurt you, not because of what you are but because I wanted to hurt Devon. Though I am very certain your blood would be an amazing treat." Cassie glared at him as he offered her a roguish grin that had probably melted many hearts in his long life. Despite herself, Cassie couldn't hold her anger at him. She didn't know if it was the drugs, or the bizarre fact that she almost liked this strange Julian. "It was a challenge to get to you, and I love a challenge."

"I see," she murmured.

"I am what I am." He showed no remorse for the things he had done to her, and her friends, but then she had never expected any from him. It wasn't in his nature to show regret. "But when I touched you and saw what was inside of you," he shrugged. "You are a danger Cassie, to everyone around you, but you are also a force of power. I wanted to see how that power could be used, and what it was capable of. I knew you could beat Isla, if you unleashed that power..."

"And if I hadn't?"

He shrugged again. "Then you would have been killed, but I had to see what would happen." She knew she should be annoyed by his nonchalant attitude, but she couldn't find it in herself to be. It was Julian after all, and although she didn't really mind this Julian, he was what he was and there was no changing that. "And Devon had to see what you could be capable of. Though I think he suspected what was inside of you before that night."

Cassie yawned again as she rested her head against the glass, dimly aware of the fact that their heads would have been touching if there was no glass between them. "Yes, he did. But why would you want him to know about it?"

Julian was silent for a moment and then he heaved a large sigh. "Because he had to know. If Isla couldn't beat you, and there is a chance that I may not be able to take you, then he had to know that if he changed you, like I know he wanted too, then there was a good possibility that no one could beat you if it went wrong. That you could very well destroy us all, including your friends. And although it would have destroyed Devon to watch you become a monster, which would have made me very happy, I could not allow such a thing to happen. I enjoy my existence too much for something like that. I don't need you scouring the earth trying to destroy us all."

Cassie managed to shoot him another fierce glare, but there was no anger, no hatred in his gaze. Instead, there was an odd sense of compassion. Cassie shivered, disarmed and disoriented by this strange new Julian. "I may not become a monster," she retorted.

"No, but there is no way to know that. And either way, you may still become more powerful than the rest of us."

Cassie sighed softly, fighting against closing her eyes again. "These people must realize that," she whispered. "So why wouldn't they just destroy me?"

"I don't know. Just as I don't know why they are keeping me alive. What they plan on doing with the two of us is not something I want to contemplate. They've left me alone, but now that you're here..."

Cassie lifted her head slowly as his voice trailed off. He was still awake however, his strange eyes distant as he stared at the far wall. "This is going to be awful."

He focused on her again, his lids drooping slightly. The lazy look he gave her was sympathetic as well as hard. "I believe so."

Cassie shuddered; she rapidly blinked back the tears that burned her eyes. "They'll come for us if we go to sleep, won't they?"

He hesitated for a moment, and she could tell that he wanted to sugarcoat it, but in the end he didn't. "Yes."

CHAPTER 16

"Where the hell could he be?" Devon snarled.

He was well aware of the fact that Chris took a swift step away from him; his eyes darted rapidly over the woods before finally settling on Devon again. "Devon, I don't think he's in this area anymore," Annabelle said softly, nervously. "You haven't been able to find him, Chris can't sense him, and Melissa has had no premonitions. We need to come up with another plan."

He rounded on her, his hands fisting as his nostrils flared. Anger and panic tore through him. He was such a wildly swinging pendulum of emotions lately that even he was surprised that he had not snapped. It had been three days; she had been missing for three days! Three days in which they could have done anything they wanted to her.

He shuddered, struggling hard not to lose his temper again. As he had yesterday. He tried not to think about the rampage he had gone on yesterday, the destruction he had done to the trees that had been in his way. If he had gotten his hands on something alive, he would have ripped it to shreds whether it had been animal or human. It had been a dangerous state to be in and he had been lucky that no one had been around him.

"What though?" he grated.

Annabelle stared helplessly back at him, her eyes watery and lost. Liam and Luther had made their way into Vermont, but they were not having much luck either. Though he had not said it, Devon knew that Liam feared the trail was growing cold. "I don't know," she whispered.

Devon nearly bellowed in rage as he slammed his fist into a large oak. The tree shuddered, its empty branches creaked loudly as it swayed slightly. He could feel the demon in him wanting to take over again, wanting to bury the man. He was greatly afraid that he was going to lose the battle shortly, and lose himself in the process. He couldn't do that; if he did, he would never find Cassie. He would never be able to rescue her from whatever form of torture they had devised for her.

"What do we do?" he asked hopelessly, trying to regain control of his wildly unstable emotions. He had to find her, and he had to do so before he completely lost himself.

"We find another way, maybe there is another one like Julian out there," Melissa said softly, her gaze wearily focused on the oak he had just punched.

"How do we find them?" Chris asked quietly.

"Luther will know," Annabelle replied. "There may even be a Hunter out there that has Julian's ability."

"And we're supposed to trust them to help us?" Chris retorted.

"Chris," Melissa warned.

Chris shook his head at her, his eyes narrowed as he studied the night surrounding them. An owl hooted in the distance, its mournful sound set Devon's teeth on edge. He paced restlessly away from the tree, tugging anxiously at his hair. He couldn't take much more of this, his insides felt like something was clawing them to shreds, his skin was on fire, every muscle of his body was twisted and pain filled.

There was only one thing, one person, that could help to soothe the agony in him, and he had no idea where she was, or how to find her. He had sent her away to keep her safe, and instead he had put her right in the path of danger. He never should have left her side; he never should have let her out of his sight. This was his fault, and Cassie was the one paying for it.

When he found her, if he found her, he would never make that mistake again. He looked helplessly back at the rest of them, needing their help. He could no longer think straight, he needed them to do it for him. The owl hooted again. Melissa's head snapped up, her gaze narrowed on the distant woods.

"Are you still unable to reach out with your mind?" Annabelle asked softly.

Devon shuddered, tugging at his hair. At one time he had always known where Cassie was, always been able to brush against her mind with his. Hell, he had even invaded her dream once before. But now, well now she was too far away. He was unable to locate her, unable to feel her, or find her. "The distance is too great, and I... I am..."

"Too unstable," Annabelle finished when he could not.

Fresh anger spurted through him. Anger at her for her observation, anger at himself for not being able to control the beast inside of him better. "Yes," he growled.

She sighed softly, pacing slowly amongst the trees as she tried to work things out. She appeared diminutive and sweet, but Annabelle had a spine of steel and a razor sharp mind. "I think we should join Liam and Luther. We may be able to help them; Melissa may even have a premonition. Hopefully," she added softly. "And Chris may be able to sense something. Maybe if we all join together again we can find her, and if we get close enough to her, you may be able to connect with her again."

Devon remained silent, staring intently at the three of them. Melissa and Annabelle stood proudly, defiantly. Chris looked completely lost and helpless. Devon felt his insides twist even more, agony surged through his gut. Fire burned his veins. It wasn't much of a plan, they all knew that, but it was all they had left. He couldn't admit defeat, because if he did it would be over for him, and for Cassie. He could quite possibly destroy every one of these people, his friends, if he didn't find her. He would definitely find a way to destroy himself, even if it meant staying in the sun for days on end until his body could no longer take it, and he finally burned. Even if it meant staking himself.

"Let's go."

Devon turned and disappeared into the words, running rapidly toward Cassie's house. He didn't wait for the others, he needed to move, needed to try and burn off some of his excess energy and rage. He raced swiftly through the trees, easily dodging the branches and bushes that threatened to catch hold of him.

He broke free of the woods, darting across Cassie's backyard he pounded up the back steps. Pulling out his phone, he hit Luther's number as he slammed into the kitchen. "Anything?" he demanded the minute Luther picked up.

The man sighed softly. Devon could hear the regret and aggravation in that single breath. "No," Luther reluctantly admitted.

Devon glanced up as Annabelle came through the back door, stomping her boots off, she blew on her hands. Her eyes were worried as she gazed sympathetically at him. Devon's lip curled in a sneer, he hated the pity he felt radiating from her. The pity that they all felt for him now. Turning away, his hand tightened on the phone as he pressed it tighter to his ear.

"We're coming to join you."

"Excuse me?" Luther asked in surprise.

"We're coming to join you. We're leaving as soon as possible; meet you in Vermont by morning."

Luther was silent for a moment. "All of you?" he asked quietly.

"Yes."

Devon heard the rustle of his glasses as Luther slid them off. "We can't leave the town unprotected."

The front door opened and closed, Melissa and Chris eyed him wearily as they moved slowly toward the kitchen. "It won't be unprotected; I don't think Julian is here any longer. I don't know why he moved on, but he has. The Commission will not come here; they already have what they want. If other vampire's do arrive here, they will move on once they realize that there are no Hunter's here anymore, and there is no power or challenge. We're coming up there. Now."

"Wait Devon, slow down." Luther said quickly. "Are you sure that Julian is no longer there, or is he just in hiding?"

"I'm sure," Devon growled.

"The town..."

"Will be fine," Devon interrupted sharply. "This is the only hope we have. We need to find her. Are there Hunter's out there that possess Julian's ability?"

"I wouldn't even know where to start looking," Luther admitted. "The few Hunter's that are left, and that are accounted for, do not have the same ability as Julian. If there are others out there, I don't know where they are."

Devon slammed his hand into the wall, shaking the bracings behind the plastering. He sneered at Chris and Melissa as they took a swift step away from him. "Then this is the only hope we have. I'll call you to find out where you are when we hit the border."

Devon hung up before Luther could say anymore. Rage was racing through him, bursting up and down his spine as it shook him. No one moved for a moment, and then Annabelle strode forward and grasped hold of his arm. "Devon, if this doesn't work then we need to talk about what will happen."

He turned away from her, his gaze landing on his reflection in the window. His eyes were vibrant red, the same murderous color they had been since Melissa's vision. A color he knew would not vanish until he had Cassie in his arms again. A color he knew meant he was standing on a very thin precipice, one that was about to give out.

"I know what will happen," he told her.

"And what is that?" she asked quietly.

"I'll die, and you will have to help make sure that it happens."

Annabelle gaped at him, her sea green eyes swam with tears. He had never understood how she could forgive him for what he had done to her, but she had, and she actually cared for him. He hated himself even more because of that. It would have been better if she had hated him for his cruelty, and selfishness. He would only hurt her again if he lost complete control. He touched her hand gently, wanting to offer her some comfort, but knowing that it was very little.

"It's ok," he assured her. "It's what I will want."

Tears slid down her face as she nodded slowly. "I understand."

Devon slid his arm away from Annabelle; turning on his heel he swiftly left the room.

CHAPTER 17

Cassie couldn't help it; a scream finally ripped from her. The brutality of it tore the inside of her throat apart; the length of it left her breathless and gasping for air. She shook with the force of the scream, struggling desperately not to shed the tears that filled her eyes. Sweat poured down her as she struggled to break free, her wrists and shoulders ached painfully as she fought against the straps holding her down. Gasping for breath, she fell back against the table.

The hours had all blurred into one, she had no concept of time, or days. For all she knew, she had been here only a day; it could have been a month. She had no thought for time anymore, she barely had thought for consciousness. More often than not, it was the pain that held her captive, dragging her deep into the realm of unconsciousness until the pain woke her again.

A fresh bolt of electricity caused her to jump off the table; her feet, hand, and head restraints were the only things keeping her bound to it. She bit down hard on her mouth guard, fighting fiercely against the urge to scream again. She didn't want to give them the satisfaction of breaking her once more. She didn't want them to enjoy her torment, though she knew that they were enjoying it no matter what. However, her screams would only enhance their pleasure.

She didn't know why they kept pumping her full of electricity, but after a number of jolts they would come back in, take her blood pressure, and pull more blood. She suspected they may be doing the same thing to Julian, but she had not seen him since she had woken up on this table today, yesterday, or whenever it was.

She collapsed upon the table again, her head lolled to the side. She could feel blood in her mouth from where she had bit her tongue through the guard, but she couldn't bring herself to care. She watched through half open eyes as they came back into the room. One of them was the cold older man that had been with Joey the first day, the other she didn't know. They moved silently, not speaking as they produced more needles.

Cassie groaned, unable to bear the thought of another needle being shoved into her arm. She held her breath, hating herself for the single tear that slipped down her face as the needle pierced her raw skin. She waited for the tugging feel of her blood being drawn against her will, but it did not come. Instead, she felt a rush in her arm, something moving through her veins. They brought forth three more needles, inserting all of their contents into her wounded veins.

Terror coursed through her. This was new; they had never injected her with anything before. She waited breathlessly, wondering if they had decided to just put her out of her misery. She wasn't so sure she would even mind at the moment. And then she thought of Devon, drawing his image vividly in her mind. His memory was the only thing that had kept her going, the only thing that kept her even remotely sane in this hellish existence of pain and misery into which she had been thrust.

Sometimes she wondered if she was already dead, and this was Hell. But then she would think of Devon, and that small bit of Heaven in this misery would prove to her that this could not be Hell. For she was sure that nothing in Hell would allow her to feel as good as the thoughts of him did.

"Release her."

Cassie groaned in relief as the tight, agonizing bonds were removed from her. She tried to roll over, tried to stand, but she couldn't even move. Hands seized hold of her, lifting her roughly up. Nausea swamped her, for a frightening moment she thought she was going to vomit everywhere. A groan escaped her as they hauled her forward, dragging her when her feet would not move.

Her arm continued to burn, a fire crept through her veins. Her head spun, she tried to regain control of her body but her feet would not cooperate as they simply drug limply behind. If she could regain control, then maybe she could fight them off, but there was no control to be had. There was no fight in her at the moment.

She listened as doors opened and closed. She was pulled down a long hallway, lights bounced roughly off of the stark linoleum beneath her. She blinked against the harsh glare, her eyes burned from the pain that it caused her sensitive vision. Nausea rolled through her stomach again, but this time she couldn't hold it back.

Choking, gagging, she heaved the meager contents of her stomach upon the floor. The foul taste of bile made her wince and gag. The men holding her made noises of disgust, but did not stop as they pulled her through the mess she had left behind. Cassie groaned, hating the taste still in her mouth, hating the awful way she felt.

Another door opened and she was shoved roughly forward. Stumbling, Cassie tripped and fell, sprawling upon the hard ground of her tiny cell. She remained on her knees, unable to move as she gasped for breath, fighting the urge to vomit again. Her body shook, her muscles hurt, and though the burning in her arm had not intensified, it had not lessened either.

She tried to push herself to her feet, but her weak and trembling muscles wouldn't allow her to stand. She collapsed on the floor, curling up in a tight ball as she fought against the fierce shivers that wracked painfully through her body. Clamping her teeth together, it took all she had not to scream again as she was wracked with fierce, bone wrenching spasms. Sweat poured down her body, coating her skin, plastering her clothes to her.

At some point in time unconsciousness claimed her once more. She awoke again, still curled up in a ball, freezing cold and an aching mass of pain. She uncurled slowly, her cramped muscles screaming in protest at the movement. She was unable to suppress the moan of agony that escaped her as she crawled forward, unable to regain her feet.

Reaching the bed, she somehow managed to drag herself onto it before passing out once more.

When she awoke again, her body still ached but every movement was no longer excruciating. There was a plate of food on the floor by the door. She stared at it, unable to decide if she actually wanted to eat it, or if she even wanted to tempt fate by moving again. Eventually the rumbling in her stomach won out.

Climbing gingerly off the mattress she made her way slowly to the tray, using the wall for support. Creeping away from the wall, she grabbed hold of the tray and made her way cautiously back to the bed. She stared at the darkened mirror of Julian's room, wondering where he was, or if he was even still alive.

A hollow feeling filled her at the thought of him being gone. Though he would probably still rip her throat out if given the chance, she thought of him as a strange sort of ally now. Both of them were here against their wills, and both of them were going through hell. Or at least she assumed that Julian was going through the same hell as she was.

Turning away, she sat on her bed as she poked through the contents of her tray. There was a bowl of soup, a large piece of French bread, and a tuna fish sandwich. She had never been a big fan of soup or tuna fish, but her rumbling stomach didn't care what her taste buds desired. Picking up the sandwich she was about to take a bite when it occurred to her that they had probably drugged her food too.

She paused with the sandwich halfway to her mouth. Dropping it back down, she stared at the food, trying to ignore the loud, protesting rumble of her stomach. She couldn't recall the last time she had even had the opportunity to eat. She wanted to push it away, wanted to refuse the food that may very well be laced with even more drugs, but she simply couldn't.

She was starving, and she needed some kind of nutrients if she was ever going to escape from this hell hole. Biting deep into the sandwich, she ignored the taste of it as she chewed and swallowed quickly. The soup was cold, but tolerable if she used the bread to sop it up first.

Her stomach was still rumbling after she finished, but she felt a little better. When she rose again, she didn't almost fall over. She dropped the tray by the door and turned toward the bathroom. She had noticed a small shower stall in there the other day, and right now that sounded like a little bit of heaven to her.

She turned on the light, blinking against the harsh glow. The shower head and two knobs came out of the wall. It was set up like a shower on a boat with no curtain, or door; there was simply a drain beneath it. Cassie glanced at the small counter by the sink. There was a travel size bar of soap and shampoo set next to a towel, a brush on the other side. There was no mirror above the sink.

Cassie stripped quickly out of her soiled clothes and turned the shower on as hot as she could stand it. She stood beneath the water, relishing in the heat and pounding spray as it helped to soothe some of the tension in her knotted muscles. The water was turning cold before she abandoned it. Her body felt much better, her muscles were looser, and not as twisted. Though she was not back to normal, she could now at least move without wincing with every step.

Beneath the towel she found a set of blue medical scrubs. She stared at them for a long moment; she was loath to put anything on that they had given her. Glancing back at her soiled, stained, stinking clothes that she had no idea how long she had been wearing, she realized that she could not put them back on. They reeked of vomit, BO, and sweat. Wrinkling her nose at them, she grabbed hold of the scrubs and quickly slipped them on.

She found a toothbrush and a small tube of toothpaste; at least her teeth would not rot out while she was here. She brushed for a long time, eager to get the lingering taste of bile and fish out of her mouth. She worked the tangles out of her hair, wishing that they had thought to leave her conditioner but knowing that she had already received more than she could have hoped for. They had probably only given her these things because they had also grown tired of the stench of her.

Feeling almost human again, she made her way slowly out of the bathroom, turning the light off. She was surprised, and relieved, to find the light in Julian's room was on. She hurried toward her bed, kneeling upon it as she peered eagerly into the room in search of him. By the door was a small bag of blood. Cassie turned swiftly away from it, the sight of it making her feel slightly ill again.

Glancing down, she found Julian lying upon his bed, his arm draped over his eyes. He was also freshly showered with a pair of blue scrubs on. Though he looked clean, and somewhat refreshed, there were tight lines around his mouth, his eyes were squinted shut, and his jaw was clenched. It was obvious that he was battling lingering remnants of pain also.

Julian moved his arm, peering up at her with one eye. She frowned down at him, her eyebrows drawn together questioningly. "You weren't here earlier," she said softly.

"No, I wasn't. You're looking better than yesterday."

Cassie started in surprise. "I was here yesterday?" she croaked.

Amusement flickered across his features. "You were here, but you were barely functioning."

Cassie slumped down on her bed, shock left her immobile. She didn't even remember being in this room yesterday. How bad had she been? What had they done to her that could possibly be worse than the unending volts of electricity she had received today? "What did they do to me?" she whispered.

Julian was silent for a moment, and then his head appeared over top of the window. "I don't know princess, but it wasn't pretty. You were a slobbering, blubbering mess."

Cassie glanced sharply at him, her eyes narrowing at his assessment of her condition. "Well, I don't remember it!" she retorted sharply.

He grinned down at her, the lines on his face easing slightly. "Don't get so defensive princess; I'm just stating a fact."

Cassie looked at the door behind her, drawing her knees up against her chest. She rested her chin on her knees as dread and horror filtered through her. "How long have I been in here for?" she whispered.

"I don't know," he admitted reluctantly. "Just as I don't know how long I've been here for."

She turned her attention back to him. "What have they been doing to you?"

He frowned at her, shaking back his still damp hair. "Different things. The same as they've probably been doing to you."

"I don't remember a lot of it," she admitted reluctantly.

He quirked an eyebrow, his eyes full of questions as they scanned her. "You're lucky then."

Cassie shuddered, clinging even tighter to her legs as she began to rock slightly back and forth. "If you call this lucky."

He issued a sharp bark of laughter. "No, I call this a bunch of bored men who have too much time on their hands, and some severe mommy and daddy issues. I call this insanity."

Cassie couldn't help but smile at him as she shook her head. "You're right. Aren't you going to eat?" she inquired, nodding toward the bag by the door.

"No, I don't trust them not to have drugged it."

"Neither do I, but you need to keep up your strength. Besides, I ate the food and I'm still standing. If they want to drug us all they have to do is pump it into our rooms. Eat Julian."

He hesitated for a moment before shaking his head. "Maybe later." Cassie sat back on the bed, resting her head against the glass. "You ok princess?"

"No, are you?"

He settled in next to her. "Better than before. Apparently they've decided to leave us alone for awhile."

Cassie snorted softly. "Probably so they can play with the copious amounts of blood they drained from me."

"Hmm," he muttered.

"Did they take blood from you?"

"Yes."

Cassie's hands clenched upon her legs, a sharp pain in her arm drew her attention back to it. Though it had stopped burning, it still felt strange, tingly. Releasing her legs, she pushed back the sleeve of her scrubs. Her arm was puckered and bruised with needle marks, but one mark was dark blue with streaks of purple winding out to highlight her veins. She could see whatever they had put into her working its way through her bloodstream.

Her breath exploded from her, horror tore through her as a strangled cry escaped. Julian's head snapped toward her, but she couldn't stop the strange, animalistic noises escaping her. Bolting upright in bed, she clawed at her arm, trying to rip the purple from it. When that didn't work, she began to squeeze it hard, trying to push the poison, or whatever it was, back out of her body. Because even if it wasn't a poison, it most certainly was not natural, and it did not belong in her!

"Cassie! Cassie!"

She was dimly aware of Julian's shouts as she pushed harder and harder. Her arm began to bleed as she clawed at it, small gasps of pain and terror tore from her. Cassie bolted off the bed, scrambling to get away. But there was no escape; she could not escape her own skin. She stumbled blindly forward, tripping over her own feet she fell to the floor. Her knees screamed in protest, but she barely felt it over the mind numbing horror consuming her.

The discoloration seemed to have stopped spreading, but it was not receding from her veins. She was unaware of the tears spilling down her face until they plopped onto her arm, mixing with her blood. The mewls and squeals coming from her were not normal, but the noises of a frightened, cornered animal. And that was exactly what she felt like.

"Cassandra!" The loud bangs reverberating through the room finally pierced her terror filled, panic stricken mind. "Cassandra!"

She blinked, choking back the sobs that clogged her throat. Clinging to her arm, she began to rock back and forth, trying to calm herself. The shaking that racked through her left her muscles aching and her bones full of pain once more. She curled up tighter, leaning over her arm as she clung to it, closing her eyes against the ugly discoloration.

"Cassie," Julian's voice was softer, tinged with worry. "Cassie look at me"

She took a shuddering breath, trying hard to regain her rapidly unraveling composure. Though she realized she was on the verge of losing her sanity, she could not bring herself to care. "Cassandra, look at me!" he ordered sharply.

Ever so slowly, she lifted her head, trying to focus her attention upon him. He was staring back at her, his eyes wide with worry, his hands resting above his head on the glass. His shoulders slumped slightly in relief as she focused upon him. Tears continued to slide silently down her face.

"Come here," he said softly.

Closing her eyes, Cassie took a deep breath as she tried to gather her shaking muscles. She continued to cling to her arm as she stumbled to her feet, holding it away from her as if it were a poisonous snake. Which at this point, to her, it was.

"Let me see," he said roughly when she was close enough.

Cassie bit her bottom lip, unable to look again as she held it out to him. She watched his face, saw his pupils dilate at the sight of her blood. Fangs extended briefly before he shook his head, clearing away his hunger, and fierce desire for her blood. His eyes narrowed upon her arm, his forehead furrowed.

"What does that feel like?" he demanded.

Cassie shuddered. "It burned when they put it in," she whispered, unable to keep the tremor from her voice. "Now, now it just is."

He glanced up at her, his eyes rapidly scanning her face. "And how do you feel now?" he asked softly.

Cassie shook her head, biting hard on her bottom lip. "I don't know. Freaked out, scared."

"How do you feel physically?"

His voice was harsher than it had been; his eyes more intense. Cassie stared back at him, surprised by his forcefulness. "Like crap, but I suppose that is what happens when you have been blasted with electricity for hours on end."

He relaxed slightly, but she could sense a current of tension running through him. "Do you know what caused this?" she asked quietly.

He glanced sharply back at her, his eyes distant and thoughtful as they met hers. "No."

Cassie couldn't shake the unsettling feeling that he was lying to her. Taking a deep breath, she sat back on the bed and dropped her arm to her side. She refused to look at it again, terrified by what she might see there. "Did they give you anything like this?"

He lifted his eyebrow, tilting his head slightly to the side. "No, they didn't give me anything like that."

"But they took your blood too?" she inquired.

He nodded as he ran his hair through his platinum hair. His eyes were distant, troubled. "Yes, they did."

Cassie folded her hands in her lap, careful not to look at her arm again as she curled up on the bed once more. "I think I'm going to lose my mind," she admitted softly.

"You can't do that."

"And why is that?"

"Cause I can't be stuck in this hell hole by myself."

She chuckled softly, but a single tear slid down her face as she rested her head against the glass again. "If it weren't for this glass you would rip out my throat."

He laughed. "I'm not so sure I could take you princess, and like I said before, I do enjoy my existence."

"But you would give it a try?"

His eyebrow cocked in amusement. "I do love a challenge, but no, probably not."

She turned her head to look at him, surprised to find him curled up next to her again, his head resting above hers, his shoulders pressed against the glass by hers. Once again she was struck by the fact that if the glass wasn't between them, they would be touching. She found that the thought didn't make her stomach turn as much as it once had.

He was not such a bad guy, for a cold blooded killer, she amended silently.

"Then why did you come after me the night of the homecoming dance? You had touched me before that night. Hell, you almost killed me before that night."

His grin widened, his eyes twinkled brightly. "Yeah, that was a good night," he replied wistfully. Cassie shot him a fierce look that only made his smile widen. "Oh come on princess, we had fun that night."

"Yeah it was a blast," she muttered.

"It was," he agreed, remembering the night with a lot more fondness than she did. Then again, he hadn't almost bled to death. "I didn't get much of an impression off of you that first time we met. If you do recall, I barely got my hands on you."

"Just enough to slit my throat open, and don't tell me that was fun," she muttered.

"Not as much fun as our fight at your homecoming dance. That was a blast." He only grinned at her as she scowled back at him. "That was when I really discovered what you were. And if you do recall, I tended to stay away after that."

Cassie was silent, her head bowed. "Yes, you did," she whispered. "Do you think Devon is close to finding us?"

Julian snorted softly. "He's not looking for me princess, at least not here anyway. But no, I don't believe so."

"Are you always so pessimistic?" she inquired.

He grinned at her, his eyes twinkled with amusement. "Just pragmatic. We don't even know where we are, for him to track us down..." He shook his head, his eyes closed briefly. "Would be a miracle."

Cassie was silent for a moment, trying hard not to let her doubt and fear swamp her. "I believe in miracles."

"No, you believe in Devon."

Cassie looked at him in surprise. "Excuse me?"

"You don't believe in miracles, you believe in Devon."

She stared silently at him, contemplating his words. She did believe in Devon, she did have faith that he would find her. That faith was the only thing getting her through this, the only thing keeping her sane. She nodded briefly. "Yes, yes I do. He will find us. He won't give up until he does."

"No, he won't." Though he agreed with her, she could tell that Julian didn't put much faith in the words. "But the likely hood of him finding us is small; we need to come up with a plan. We need to get ourselves out of this."

"How?" she whispered miserably, her gaze darted toward the dark mirror opposite her. She was afraid that they were listening, that though she couldn't see them, they could still hear her.

"You." Her eyebrows drew questioningly together as she slowly turned toward him. "When I touched you it was a shock of power unlike any I have ever felt before. If we're going to get out of this, you are going to have to find that power..."

"I can't control it, and they have me drugged," she interrupted sharply.

"You can break through it, I know that you can."

Cassie met his fevered gaze. "You don't want me to," she said softly.

"Yes, I do. We need to get the hell out of here princess, before they kill us, or turn us into something...."

Cassie frowned as his voice trailed off, her heart turned over at his words. "Turn us into something?"

His eyes were hard as they met hers briefly before nodding toward her arm. "What do you think they gave you?"

She refused to look at her arm again; she would vomit if she did. And she sure as hell didn't want to think about what they had put in her. She would go crazy if she did. "I don't know. I don't want to know." He was silent for a moment, his eyes hard, and the band of white momentarily flashing red. "Should I be worried, Julian?" she breathed.

He shook his head, his eyes becoming normal again. "No princess, you're fine, but they will give you more. Maybe even something else. We can't stay here and be their guinea pigs." Cassie bowed her head to her knees; she had to fight against the fierce shivers that wanted to wrack her. Her flesh was chilled, goose bumps covered her skin. "I know you believe in Devon, but you have to face the fact that he may not be able to find us. Between the two of us, we can get out of here."

"Or I could turn on you," she replied miserably.

He was silent for a moment, his jaw clenched tightly. "I can take care of myself princess."

"Yeah, that's why you're here," she retorted, tired of being called princess.

He stared at her, his eyebrows raised sharply. A muscle twitched in his cheek before he burst into loud laughter. Cassie's mouth parted in surprise, his laugh was actually very nice. It was warm, and bright, and had a surprising amount of humor in it. She found herself watching him in fascination, unable to stop herself from smiling along with him.

His strange blue eyes twinkled with amusement as his laughter faded away and he turned his attention back to her. "Very true princess, very true. But let's not worry about me in this; let's worry about getting our asses out of here."

Cassie continued to grin at him. "You know, you're not so bad when you're in here. And you have a nice laugh."

He chuckled softly, resting his forehead against the glass as he stared down at her. "I don't remember the last time I laughed," he admitted. "And you had better be careful, it almost sounds like you're flirting with me princess."

Her mouth parted in surprise, and then a burst of laughter escaped her. "Hardly," she retorted.

"Come on, admit it, you find me a little appealing."

Cassie shook her head at him, unable to stop herself from laughing. She did find him a little appealing; in fact she was actually beginning to like him a little. Even if she didn't trust him not to drain her dry the moment he got the chance. "Well, you're not as repulsive as these people at least."

His grin widened, revealing all of his perfect white teeth. "That's good to know, at least I'm moving up on your list."

"You are."

She rested her head against the glass again, wishing that Devon was with her, to comfort her, to take her away from here. Closing her eyes, she pictured his face in vivid detail. She could clearly recall the smell of him, the feel of him. She could almost taste him again, feel his lips against hers. For a brief moment it was as if he were there, as if she could actually touch him.

And then it was gone, and she was left alone in her small cell with no one to comfort or touch her. Cassie sighed softly, fighting back the tears that burned her eyes. "Don't fall apart on me princess, you're tougher than that."

Cassie bit her bottom lip, trying hard to suppress the sobs that wanted to shake her. Tears rolled down her face as her breath hitched painfully out of her. Sobs tore from her; she hugged herself tighter, fervently wishing that she was anywhere but here. "Hey," Julian said harshly. "Look at me."

She turned toward him, blinking rapidly against the tears streaming down her face. His hand was pressed against the glass, his face hard. "Put your hand on mine."

She stared blankly back at him for a moment before lifting her hand and pressing it against the glass. Though they were not touching, the gesture still helped to sooth the ragged pain and misery inside of her. She missed being touched with kindness, missed the simple beauty of knowing she had her friends, and Devon, to rely on. She missed Chris (if Chris was even still alive, but that was something that she couldn't allow herself to think about, otherwise she would lose complete control of her emotions) and Melissa and Luther. She missed their comfort, support, and unwavering love. She had none of that here. She had nothing here.

Except for Julian.

She lifted her gaze to his as she inhaled a shuddering breath. He was watching her intently, his bright eyes glowing with a strange sort of light. "Now listen to me. We are going to get through this. We are going to get out of here, but you have got to keep it together. If you break down in here, they win. You don't want that, do you?" Cassie shook her head. "Good, so stay calm princess and we will get through this."

Cassie swallowed heavily, blinking back her tears as she nodded. "Yes."

"Alright then. Why don't you tell me a little about yourself?"

She frowned at him as she settled back on her bed; it seemed like such an odd request coming from him. She kept her hand pressed against his on the glass unable to break the small connection to someone else it gave her. "I thought you knew it all already," she said softly. "You have touched me, and you have given me a good beat down before."

He grinned at her. "You gave as well as you got," he reminded her. "I know a lot about you, but I'd rather hear it coming from you."

She watched him for a moment, trying to assimilate this man with the monster she had known, with the killer that had hunted her town, and killed so many innocents. Confusion twisted through her as she shook her head. Where was the monster that had tried to destroy her? He most certainly wasn't here with her now. This person was completely different, this person was someone that she didn't know, but was truly beginning to trust and like.

Cassie shuddered at the odd realization, her hand tightened momentarily on the glass as she stared into his beautiful, sad, compassionate eyes. She was fascinated by him, captivated by this stranger across from her. This stranger who was becoming her friend. Julian was the only person she had to count on right now, and she needed him. She wouldn't survive this without him.

"What would you like to know?" she asked softly.

He grinned at her. "Why don't you tell me about your tree house?"

She couldn't help but smile back at him as she settled in for the long night. He leaned against the glass, his hand still pressed against hers. For a moment she could almost feel the warmth of his hand against hers, the comfort of his touch. Slowly, fondly, she told him about the tree house she and Chris had spent painstaking weeks building when they were ten years old. Only to have it fall apart on them a day after they finished it.

CHAPTER 18

It was the talks that got her through the next few days. Every night she would curl up on her bed, place her hand against the glass and talk with Julian. She told him stories of her childhood, stories he probably already knew, but patiently listened to anyway. They would talk until the drugs kicked in and she drifted into a nightmare filled sleep that was nearly impossible to wake from. They would talk until her throat hurt, and she was sure that he was sick of listening to her. And the more that she talked, and the more that he listened, the closer she began to feel to him. The closer they became.

The men came for her every day, and although she didn't have to endure more electrical shocks, they came up with other forms of torture. At one point she was locked into a windowless room with a set of strobe lights. It had been a pain filled torment that had been brutal against her sensitive eyes. She had left the room with a massive headache, and had been unable to see for a good hour afterward.

They gave her three more of the same shots; each one had the same effect on her. The strange discoloration would take hold, but by morning it would be gone. She didn't have another freak out, but she wasn't sure she could take much more of it. She held out hope that Devon would find her, that he would rescue her, but it was getting harder and harder to keep her spirits up.

Julian did not give up hope though. His spirits didn't diminish. He kept her sane when it was getting harder and harder to keep her sanity. He was determined that they would escape, determined that she would be the one to get them out. The only problem was that he couldn't think of how she was going to do it. He only knew that she would.

She tried to keep silent through the tortures, tried to hold Devon's image close to her in order to get through each new thing they came up with for her. But most of the time they broke her. She would end up screaming, and in the room with the lights, they had brought her to tears. It was a fact she was ashamed of, and one that she didn't share with Julian. She couldn't bring herself to admit to him that she was even weaker than she had ever thought she was.

"Cassie."

"Hmm," she lifted her head slowly, every muscle in her body screamed in protest as she met Julian's inquisitive gaze.

"Are you ok?"

She nodded as she rubbed the bridge of her nose tiredly. Today they had locked her within a dark room with no windows, and no light. She had spent hours curled up in a corner, wondering if they would come back for her, or if this was it. Wondering if this was where they were finally going to leave her until she died. The thought had been terrifying, the room nerve wracking, and lonely. She had pictured Devon as she huddled in the corner, frightened and alone, trying not to shatter. But it was getting harder to draw upon his image, to remember all of the details in this hideous place.

But they had come back for her. They had given her another shot, and they had deposited her in her room once more, where Julian had been waiting for her. She had no idea what they were looking for with all of these tests and tortures, no idea what they were trying to do to her, what they wanted to prove. And she couldn't even begin to imagine. She only knew that it could not be good.

She also wondered how much longer they were going to keep them both alive. Once they were done with their tests, and knew whatever it was they wanted to know, she would be of no use to them, and neither would Julian. Cassie shuddered to think that they might destroy him before her, leaving her completely alone in this hell.

She knew she could not survive that. She would snap completely if she was left alone. Her sanity would shred, leaving her a shell of the person she had once been. She was beginning to wonder if that was what they truly wanted from her after all. If they just wanted to see her a huddled mess, unable to think or act coherently anymore.

"I'm fine," she whispered, trying hard not to think about what they intended for them.

"Why don't you tell me about when you used to ride," he suggested softly.

Cassie thought back to her early years, when she had been obsessed with horses, and riding. She had taken lessons nearly every day, preferring to be on a horse than solid ground. They were the happiest times of her life, but she'd given up riding when Luther had arrived and informed her of her Hunter legacy.

There had been no room for riding after that, no time for anything other than training and fighting. She had lost a large part of herself when Luther had told her about the blood and death that would fill her life from that moment on. Part of that loss had been her love of riding, and the sense of freedom that it had given her. After Luther had arrived, she had never known freedom again.

She hadn't thought about riding in a long time, had almost completely forgotten about it. It seemed like a life time ago now. She had been a completely different person then. That Cassie had been hopeful and bright and full of life. This Cassie was beaten, nearly broken, and barely clinging to her sanity.

She didn't want to recall that time of her life, or that Cassie. It wasn't comforting to her right now.

"No, I don't want to talk about that, not tonight. Let's talk about you tonight."

Julian looked at her in surprise, but he seemed to sense her morose and sad thoughts. "What do you want to know?"

She was silent for a moment, there was so much that she wanted to know about him and his life. But she didn't want to hear about Devon, not here, not now. She didn't think she'd be able to tolerate thoughts of Devon right now, not after today anyway. "How did you become a vampire?" she asked quietly.

He turned toward her, his eyes dark and withdrawn, tired. It was obvious that the daily grind was starting to wear on him too. He was silent for a long moment before he finally answered. "I fell in love with the wrong woman," he admitted.

Cassie's eyebrows shot up, her mouth parted slightly in surprise. Julian, in love? It seemed impossible, and yet...

She had gotten to know him well since they had been locked in here. Yes, he was a murderer and he was vicious and cruel, but there was still a good man underneath it all. A good, caring man. One she had never expected to find. One she had never imagined could exist, and yet one that she had actually come to care for and trust. One that she relied on to help her stay alive, and sane.

"Who was she?" Cassie inquired.

He turned away from her, his jaw clenched as a muscle jumped in his cheek. For a moment she was afraid that he was not going to continue, that he would not talk about it with her. "She was everything," he said softly. "Smart, sophisticated, and so very beautiful." He looked back at her, his eyes narrowed slightly as he surveyed her. There was a keen appreciation in his gaze that rattled her slightly. "Almost as beautiful as you."

Cassie's mouth dropped, her eyes widened in shock. Julian thought she was beautiful? Cassie was discomfited by his words, but she was even more discomfited by the fact that the knowledge caused a strange thrill to run through her. She was oddly pleased by the notion. Cassie turned away from him as she tried to ignore the strange turning in her stomach. What the hell was the matter with her? Had she already lost her mind? Was this some sort of strange dream world that her shattered mind had created?

"What was her name?" she asked softly, trying to divert herself from her troubling thoughts and feelings.

"Victoria. Her name was Victoria and there wasn't anything I wouldn't do for her, including give up my life, my humanity."

"You can get your humanity back."

He snorted softly. "It's a little too late for that."

She shook her head, swallowing heavily as she met his intense stare once more. "No it's not, Devon changed."

"And you would like it if I was more like Devon?"

There was a tight anger in his voice, a tension that alerted her to the fact that he was not pleased by the notion. She sighed softly, hating the anguish and self loathing that washed off of him. "No," she said softly. "I like you just the way you are, but you have the choice to take your humanity back if you want it."

His nostrils flared slightly, his eyes perused her slowly. "I suppose you're right," he said tersely. "I could make that choice if I wanted too."

"But you don't?"

He shrugged. "I never had a reason to, before."

Cassie remained silent, studying his hard profile, wishing that she could soothe the pain and tension she felt radiating from him. Before what? she wondered, but she decided against pursuing that line of questioning. She wasn't sure that she would like the answer. Or, if she was truly honest with herself, she was frightened that she may like the answer too much. "What happened with Victoria?" she asked softly, wishing to change the topic.

He shrugged negligently. "I fell in love, she changed me, and I became a monster. I think she did so mainly so she could have a puppet to play with, a puppet to use as she wished. She never loved me, and though she enjoyed playing with me, and toying with my emotions, she quickly became bored with me. I woke up one day and she was gone."

Cassie's heart ached for him, ached for the pain and misery and loss she sensed beneath his cavalier tone. "I'm sorry."

He shrugged again. "It's all good; I got over that bitch years ago. Truth be told, I didn't think our kind was capable of love, until you and Devon. When I touched him and felt the vast amount of love he had for you, it fascinated me."

Cassie glanced guiltily away. Devon did love her, whole heartedly. He was probably going through hell right now trying to find her, probably nearly crazed with his desperation to find her. And she was sitting here, experiencing odd feelings for one of Devon's greatest enemies. One of her greatest enemies.

Except he wasn't her enemy anymore, and at one time he had been Devon's best friend. In here, Julian had become her only sense of comfort, the only thing keeping her alive. In a strange way he had become one of her closest friends. They shared a common bond that no one else would understand, know about, or experience. And she would never want them to know about it, or experience it. They were linked together by this awful experience, and they were the only reason that the other was still alive. For although she had come closer to losing her mind then he had, she knew that he was just barely clinging to his sanity and composure also.

"I wanted to destroy that love."

She looked sharply back at him, her eyes narrowed angrily. "Why?" she demanded.

He shrugged. "Why should Devon get the happy ending that I had been denied?"

Cassie's mouth parted in surprise, her heart ached for the deeper well of pain she felt inside of him. "And how do you feel now?"

Amusement curved his hard mouth but it did not reach his eyes. He looked so much softer and younger and more approachable when he smiled like that. "Now I don't."

She was silent as she studied him. "Why not?"

He shrugged absently as he dropped his head to the glass. "Because it would hurt you if I destroyed him."

The breath froze in her lungs, her heart pumped loudly in her chest. Confusion swirled through her as she tried to puzzle out his words, and how she felt about them. "Julian..."

Her words faded away as he turned back to her, his eyes forceful and lost. "I know how you feel about him princess. I've touched you, and I know the depth of your love for him, the purity of it. I expect nothing from you, and I won't hurt you. Ever."

Tears filled her eyes and slipped silently down her cheeks. Though she was confused by her strange new feelings for him, she knew that he was not confused. It was apparent that he cared for her deeply, that he may in fact be in love with her. She ached for him, ached for the feelings he had; feelings she could not return. Not in the way that he wanted her to at least. "I'm sorry," she whispered.

"Don't be. This is not a bad thing. In fact I think it's a good thing. You've made me different and I thank you for it. Please don't cry princess."

Cassie wiped the tears from her eyes, biting on her bottom lip to try and stifle the tears. She couldn't bring herself to look at him again, couldn't stop the swirling confusion rolling through her. He was right though, what she felt for Devon was true and right and so unbelievably good and real. She just didn't want Julian to be hurt because of it. "What ever happened to Victoria?" she asked softly.

"She was killed during what you call The Slaughter." Cassie looked at him in surprise. "What, you thought it was only your kind that was killed?"

"Yes," Cassie admitted.

He shook his head. "Nope, your kind did put up a fight against us; they took a few of us with them. One of which was Victoria."

Cassie pondered that for a moment. She had never thought about it, hadn't even realized that it had happened. "I'm sorry for your loss," she said softly.

"Don't be, I hadn't seen her in over a hundred years by that point."

Cassie nodded, stifling a yawn as whatever they were pumping into her room started to take hold. "We need to get out of here."

"Yes, we do."

Instinctively, she rested her hand against the glass, sighing in relief as he pressed his large palm against hers. For a moment she had feared that he would shut her out, that her inability to return his feelings would turn him against her. "We will get out," she said softly.

"Not counting on Devon to rescue you anymore?"

Cassie was silent as she pondered his question. She had no doubt that Devon was tearing the earth apart in search of her, but it was unreasonable of her to expect him to find her. She had been here for so long, if he was able to find her, he would have by now. "He won't stop until he finds me, but it may not be in time. We need to find a way to get ourselves out."

"My thoughts exactly princess."

She rolled her eyes, shooting him a cross look. "Stop calling me princess," she grumbled. He grinned back at her, pressing his palm tighter to the window. "Didn't you believe in Annabelle and Liam's love?"

He frowned for a moment before shaking his head. "I didn't know much about Annabelle and Liam. Devon kept me away from her, she was his own private project, and I let him have her because I thought it would be fun to watch the show. Thought it would be fun for him. I never thought that what happened between them would happen. I never thought that Devon could change. At the time I would have interfered if I had known what was coming."

"But not now?"

He sighed heavily, his amazing eyes darkened to an almost sea shade of blue. "No. No matter how much I resent Devon for turning against his own kind, his very nature, and me, I am glad that he brought you into our lives."

Cassie's head snapped up, her fatigue was forgotten in the face of his words. Her heart thumped loudly, her breath was labored as she tried to think of some way to comfort him, some way to sort through the tumult of emotions tearing through her. He turned toward her slowly, the vulnerable expression on his face caused tears to bloom in her eyes once more.

"Julian..."

He shook his head; his blond hair fell across his forehead as he offered a tremulous smile. "It is ok princess, I understand."

She was glad that he understood, because she didn't anymore. She dropped her head to the window, taking comfort when he rested his head against hers once more. Tears rolled silently down her face, she bit on her bottom lip to contain her sobs. She loved Devon, she knew that, but the idea of causing Julian pain was tearing her to shreds inside. He was her savior, her friend, and she was growing to love and need him more and more with every passing moment.

***

"Where the hell are we?" Chris inquired, stifling a yawn as he slowly roused from the backseat.

Devon glanced down at the GPS. "Cedarville."

"And where is Cedarville?"

"Upstate New York."

Chris was silent for a moment as he studied the dark woods surrounding them. Moonlight filtered over the skeletal trees, it cast light across the snow covered hills and mountains. They had been steadily rising in elevation for the past twenty minutes. "So we're in the boonies," Chris said softly.

"Yeah," Devon muttered, glancing toward the woods at his side. He hadn't seen Annabelle and Liam in awhile, but he knew they were out there somewhere, keeping pace with the slow moving vehicle. Liam was hunting for any animal that may have seen something, and still remembered it. They had been searching New York for over a day now, and Devon was trying hard not to give up hope that they would find her. That the trail had not grown completely cold. But since crossing the border yesterday, they had found no new leads.

He shuddered at the thought, his hands gripped tight to the steering wheel as he fought not to rip it free. "Have you heard from them?" Chris asked quietly, climbing over the middle to slide into the passenger seat. Melissa and Luther were still sleeping in the far back of the Escalade.

"No."

Chris sat silently, his gaze focused on the dark forest, his eyebrows furrowed tightly together. Devon could tell he was trying to pick up Cassie's presence, and having no luck at it. "Maybe the trail ends here because she's somewhere near here," Chris muttered after a few moments.

Devon wished it was that simple, but he didn't believe so. In his heart he feared that they had lost her for good. Pulling out his phone, he checked the screen but there were no new messages. He slid it back into his pocket before he could snap it in half. "Pull over Devon," Chris said softly.

His head snapped toward him. "You sense something?"

Chris shook his head. "I have to piss."

"Oh."

Devon pulled over to the side of the road for him. He waited impatiently, his hands tapping against the steering wheel as Chris disappeared into the night. Devon frowned as he studied the oddly silent woods, nothing stirred within them. It was too quiet out there, something was not right. Chris appeared by the passenger door again, his eyes troubled.

"Something's not right in this town." Devon nodded his agreement as he continued to study the forest. "We actually might be in the right area," Chris said softly.

Devon tried not to get his hopes up, tried not to let his heart soar at the thought, but he could not stop the spurt of excitement and need that shot through him. He turned his attention to the night, listening for any sound, but it remained eerily silent. "This quiet usually means vampires," he said softly. "Get back in the car Chris."

"Wait, what?"

"Get in the car!" Devon ordered sharply. He flung his door open and stepped swiftly into the chilly night. He studied the woods intently, searching for anything out there, but he could only sense Annabelle and Liam moving steadily closer to the vehicle.

The back window opened and Melissa stuck her head out. "What's going on?"

Devon shook his head, moving slowly toward the back of the SUV. He shot Chris a dark look as he appeared on the other end of the vehicle. "I told you to get back inside," he growled.

Chris shook his head; his gaze darted over the forest once more. "I don't sense anything out there," Chris said softly. "Absolutely nothing."

Liam and Annabelle appeared at the edge of the woods, moving swiftly forward. Annabelle's gaze darted constantly over her surroundings while Liam's gaze was focused behind them. "What is this place?" Annabelle asked softly.

"Cedarville," Chris said flatly.

Devon glowered at him. "This place is strange. There's something off about it. We need to leave here," Annabelle whispered.

"I don't sense any other vampires though," Liam mumbled. "And for the past two miles there have been very few animals. None of them could help us."

Devon's chest clenched at the thought that they had run out of leads. That this could very well be the end of the trail, and there was no Cassie here. He couldn't concentrate on that thought, he would snap if he did. There was something off about this place, something not right at all, and he had to stay focused on that. He had to keep hold of the hope that whatever was wrong here would somehow lead him to Cassie. "We need to go into town."

"For what?" Chris asked in surprise.

Devon glanced quickly at him. "Because we need to find out what is going on here."

"But what about Cassie..." Chris's voice trailed off as his eyes darted to the forest. "You think she's here?"

Devon's jaw clenched tightly as he managed a brief nod. He didn't know what to think, but this place was strange, and it was where their trail ended. It was the only hope that they had. The only hope he had. "Are you going to ride with us, or stick to the woods?" Devon asked Annabelle and Liam.

"I'd like to stay in the woods, see if I can find something," Liam answered. "There has to be some more wildlife out there. Somewhere."

Devon nodded as he hurried toward the front of the vehicle, eager to get into town and see what it had to offer. To see what secrets it could be hiding. "What's going on?" Luther inquired the moment they were back inside.

"There's something strange about this place, we're going to go into town, maybe find some answers," Devon answered.

He pulled swiftly back onto the road, hitting the gas pedal hard in his eagerness to find the center of town. He glanced back at the GPS. A hotel had popped up on the screen; it was about five miles away. A gas station was even closer, but there were no other spots popping up. "Small town," Chris muttered.

"Do you think there are answers here?" Melissa asked.

"There is something here," Chris answered quietly. "And a whole lot of nothing."

"I don't understand," Melissa replied.

"There's nothing out there. No wildlife, no people, just nothing."

Melissa leaned forward, her hands grasping hold of the back of Devon's seat. "Are you saying that this is some kind of strange ghost town?"

"I don't know what it is, but it's not normal."

"Do you think Cassie is here somewhere?"

"I don't know what to think," Devon answered when Chris remained silent. "I do know I have never been in a place like this."

He turned his blinker on, but ended up driving past the gas station as none of the lights were on. "It is two o'clock in the morning," Luther reminded him. "We'll be lucky if we can get a room at the motel."

"Hmm," Devon agreed, keeping his eyes focused on the dark woods surrounding them.

"This place is creepy," Melissa muttered, sitting back in her seat. "I keep waiting for zombie's or hill people to come out and attack us."

Devon wasn't going to say that he agreed with her, but he couldn't shake the thought of such a thing either. They pulled up to the motel, but all the lights were off. Though there were four cars in the parking lot, the place had a deserted air about it. Devon stepped slowly from the vehicle, his senses on high alert as he scanned the parking lot.

He did not hear people moving around inside the building, could not pick up the faint beat of human hearts. He couldn't hear them rustling around in their sleep, couldn't hear their breathing, or snoring. "It's so quiet," Melissa breathed.

"There's no one in there," Devon told them.

Melissa and Chris glanced sharply at him, but Luther had retreated back to the SUV in search of something. "Are you certain?" Chris inquired.

"Yes."

"But the cars," Melissa argued.

"This place is empty."

"According to this map Cedarville is twenty-two square miles with a population of two hundred and fifty people. This is the only motel on the GPS and it appears that Cedarville mainly consists of dairy farms," Luther announced as he returned from the SUV with a map book in his hands. "Though they do have a small center of town, and a school."

"We need to go in there and see if there are any clues about what happened to these people," Devon told them.

"Wait," Chris said, grabbing hold of his arm. "What if you're wrong? What if there are people still in there? We can't just go barging in."

Devon stared at him for a moment before pulling his arm free. "There is no one left in there, and even if there was, I would just change their memories." Chris was still hesitant, his eyes doubtful as he gazed back at the motel. "We're wasting time, we need to go."

Devon didn't wait for them as he made his way swiftly across the parking lot. Snow crunched under his feet as he moved, the wind whipped around him. He shoved his hands into the pockets of his jacket, barely noting the chill. He needed answers, and he needed them now. Stepping onto the sidewalk that ran down the front of the building, he went for the first room he came across. He tested the door handle, not surprised to find it locked.

Grasping hold of the door handle, he pulled down hard, ripping it free. "Devon!" Melissa hissed, huddling deeper into her coat as she joined him on the walkway.

He didn't give her a second thought as he shoved the door open and flipped on the light switch. The room was in neat order, the bed made. There was no lingering scent of human within, no bags marking this as one of the rooms that had been occupied. He didn't bother to close the door before moving swiftly onto the next one.

He went quickly through the next few rooms, finding all of them as deserted as the first. Finally he came across a room that had obviously been occupied. He stepped into the room, glad to be out of the cold air and howling wind. The comforter on the bed had been turned down, a suitcase sat on a chair beside the bed; the top of it was open.

An old Married With Children episode was running on the TV. Devon barely glanced at the TV; his attention was riveted on the empty room. There was no sign of a struggle, but the room was completely empty, the person seemed to have vanished. He glanced back at the suitcase; it appeared to be all men's clothes. There were no answers to be found here.

He moved swiftly back out of the room, hurrying down the walkway. He went rapidly through the rest of the rooms, but there were no answers to be found in any of them either. Another man appeared to have been staying in one of them, and a couple in another. He arrived at the manager's office, frustration and anger boiling through him as he grabbed hold of the knob.

"Wait," Melissa whispered, seizing hold of his arm.

He turned slowly toward her, surprised by the pallor of her skin, the firm set of her full lips. There was a haunted look about her black eyes that made his blood run cold. He had seen that look on her face before, seen the horrifying knowledge of what was to come. The last time he had seen it he had lost the only thing that mattered to him, the only person he had ever truly cared about.

"Cassie?" he breathed.

She shuddered, taking an unsteady breath as she snapped out of the premonition. "No," she moaned, shaking her head as she took a small step back. "No. That room, it's awful, just awful."

Luther took hold of her shoulders as she turned away, looking as if she were about to throw up. His eyes were haunted as they met Devon's briefly. Bracing for whatever it was that Melissa had seen Devon turned the handle, surprised to find it unlocked. Twisting the knob, he shoved the door open; the smell of blood instantly swamped him. For a moment the beast in him reared to fierce life, hunger sprang forth as the sweet scent assailed him.

He inhaled sharply, closing his eyes against the demon that clamored at his insides. His teeth had elongated instantly at the smell, they bit sharply into his lower lip. "Are you ok?" Chris inquired tremulously.

Fisting his hands, Devon managed a small nod. It still took him a few moments longer to regain complete control. Taking a deep breath, he ground his teeth tightly together as he flipped on the light switch. His eyes widened, disgust and excitement rolled through him in equal measures.

He hated the part of himself that was excited by the carnage of the room, but he couldn't stop it. Hell, he had caused this, and worse, in his long life.

But even with that knowledge, he was also disgusted by the death and destruction of the room. "My God," Chris breathed.

"This has nothing to do with God," Devon replied crisply.

He moved slowly into the room, stepping over the broken bits of chair that littered the floor. Papers were scattered about, mixed with the blood that was spattered everywhere. A large smear of blood covered the back wall. It was apparent that the victim had been lifted to the ceiling and then pulled back down to the floor. The customary hotel painting of a serene landscape hung on the wall, it was completely out of place amidst all of the destruction and mayhem.

Devon stepped around the desk; the feet of the victim came into view. He shuddered, his hands fisted even harder as he fought against the bloodlust threatening to consume him. He stepped completely around the desk, bracing himself for the rest of the mayhem.

His breath wheezed out of him, his eyes widened at the slaughter before him. The manager's body was sprawled across the floor, his arms and legs twisted at an odd angle as his back had been broken. His neck was turned to the side, his unseeing brown eyes focused upon the ceiling.

He had been mauled, his stomach torn open, his intestines were gone, and his throat was nearly ripped out.

Horror filled Devon, his skin turned to ice as his gaze darted quickly over the room. There was not enough blood here for the savage wounds. It had not been a human attacker that had done this, but it had not been a vampire either. No vampire would eat the intestines, as had happened here.

The breath hissed out of him as he took a swift step back. "We need to go!" he ordered sharply.

"What is it?" Luther demanded.

Devon's gaze darted to the back door, the one that more than likely led to the manager's apartment. He didn't sense another presence back there, but he wasn't so sure that he would. "Chris?" he inquired.

Chris looked at him, then rapidly around the room. Shaking his head he looked back over at Devon. "I don't sense anyone," he said softly.

Devon nodded, but it did not soothe the fierce tension that knotted his stomach. "Come on, we need to get out of here."

"What is the matter?" Luther asked sharply.

"Halfling," Devon answered, turning swiftly away from the body.

"Wait! What?" Chris sputtered. "One of those monster things? One of those things that you were scared Cassie might become?"

"Yes."

Luther paled as he took a step back. Devon moved toward them, shoving them out the door. Melissa was still huddled outside, her cheeks red from the cold, her eyes shadowed, dark, and haunted. She didn't need to go inside to know the horror that lay within.

Devon studied the dark night, his senses on hyper alert as he watched for any sign of movement. "Come on, we can't stay here."

He hurried them forward, practically shoving Chris toward the car. Throwing open the driver's side door, he slid swiftly in, and waited until everyone was settled before he locked the doors and pulled out his cell phone. He swiftly dialed Annabelle's number, keeping his eyes on the night as he waited impatiently for her to answer.

"Where are you guys?" he demanded when she picked up.

"Not far from you," she replied.

"You need to get here."

She was silent for a moment. "What's wrong?"

"You have to get here and be careful."

"Ok, we'll be there soon."

Devon hung up, gripping the steering wheel tight as he waited impatiently. The wind howled around the vehicle, shaking it slightly. "What is going on?" Melissa asked quietly.

"I don't know."

"Do you think Cassie is near?"

He remained silent as he pondered the words, afraid to acknowledge the fact that it may very well have been Cassie that had done this. He couldn't think about it though, didn't even want to acknowledge it. His Cassie never could have done this, but there was no way to know what had been done to her. He could not acknowledge the fact that his Cassie may no longer even exist.

"Yes," he admitted.

Annabelle and Liam appeared at the edge of the parking lot, they moved rapidly across the snow and asphalt. Devon hit the unlock button, letting them into the backseat on a blast of cold air. "What's going on?" Liam demanded as soon as he was settled.

Devon quickly filled him in on the condition of the hotel as he pulled out of the parking lot. His headlights spilled over the oddly silent woods, splashing across the snow. "Where did the people staying in the motel go though?" Annabelle asked quietly.

Devon was wondering the same thing as he made his way toward town. "I don't know, but hopefully we find some answers soon."

CHAPTER 19

Cassie hurried to the window; she knelt upon the bed as she eagerly peered into Julian's room. He was already lying on his bed, his arm tossed over his eyes as he tried to block out the harsh light in his room. There were fresh burn marks viciously marring the pale skin of his arms, and his hair was singed at the edges. She didn't know what they had done to him today, but it had been far more than a taser, and Dani.

She gaped at him in horror, noting more burn marks along his hard jaw line and cheeks. Her heart constricted, anguish filled her at the obvious signs of pain he had endured. And she didn't even know how long ago the burns had been administered to him. These marks could be hours old, which meant he would have had hours of healing behind him already, and yet he was still marred and wounded.

Cassie swallowed heavily; fresh tears stung her eyes as she pressed her hands against the glass. She wanted to touch him, to soothe his hurt and suffering, to help ease the pain that radiated from his body. His clenched jaw twitched, a muscle jumped in his cheek. "I'm ok princess."

She started at the sound of his hoarse, strained voice. "How did you know I was here?" she asked softly.

"I would know you anywhere."

Cassie hastily wiped away the tears streaming down her face. She knew that he would hate them. He would especially hate the fact that they were for him. Her chest constricted with the strain it took to keep her sob silent. "What did they do?" she breathed, unable to keep the hitch from her voice.

He did not lower his arm to look at her, did not even turn toward her, but she knew that her tone had affected him. Cassie rested her forehead against the glass, wishing that he would talk to her, wishing that he would at least look at her. He seemed beaten, defeated, and she needed him to be strong, sure, positive that they would escape this alive.

Finally, ever so slowly, he turned toward her, but he did not lower his arm from his eyes. "I'm fine," he mumbled.

"Well you don't look fine," she retorted, hating the burns marring his perfect skin and face. "What did they do?"

He had not been in his room when she had been returned to hers. And though they had actually taken it somewhat easy on her today, it appeared that they had not been so kind to Julian. In fact, it seemed that they had been twice as brutal on him. He sighed softly, lifting his arm a little to peer up at her. Cassie gasped in horror at the sight of his blood red, swollen, wounded eyes. He squinted up at her, his normally lively blue eyes blank. Cassie's hand flew to her mouth as she realized that he could not see her. That he was blind.

"Julian," she breathed unable to hold back her tears in the face of his obvious pain and torture.

"Don't cry princess."

"You can see me?" she gasped in relief.

He shook his head, dropping his arm back over his tortured eyes. "No," he mumbled. "Not for a few more hours. I can smell your tears though. Don't cry over me though, I'm not worth it."

Cassie's breath hitched even harder, pain bloomed through her chest. "Yes you are," she whispered. "You really are Julian, and don't you ever doubt that."

He remained unmoving for a moment, and then his head turned slowly back to her. He didn't lower his arm to look at her, but she knew that all of his attention was focused upon her. "I'm glad you think so."

Cassie rested her head against the glass, unable to stop the tears flowing down her cheeks. She knew that he hated them, but his torment was more than she could bear at the moment. "I know so," she whispered. "What did they do to you?"

He stiffened for a moment and then relaxed visibly. "They just wanted to make sure that I hadn't picked up Devon's nifty trick for surviving the rays of the sun."

Cassie gasped loudly, her gaze rapidly scanning his burned, marred body. It was more than apparent that he had not learned how to survive the sun's rays as Devon had. It must have been exceptionally painful for him. She wondered how long they had tortured him before realizing that he was not like Devon, that Julian was incapable of moving about in the daytime. "I'm sorry."

His jaw clenched tightly, his nostrils flared. "I don't want your pity princess," he grated out.

"I know that, and I'm not pitying you, I'm sorry that you had to go through that today. How long did they keep you outside?"

Julian shook his head slightly, shifting a little on the bed. "Didn't go outside, they had one of those UV lamp things."

"How long?"

"I don't know," he mumbled.

Cassie's gaze raked over his long body. Though he wore scrubs, she knew his legs would be as burned as the rest of him. She didn't know how the UV lights worked, but she imagined that he had been subjected to its rays for a long time. Sighing heavily, she dropped down on the bed, and rested her head against the glass.

"How was your day dear?"

Cassie couldn't help but smile as she shook her head at him. Though he was in obvious pain, he still had not completely lost his sense of humor. "Just peachy," she told him. "I think my veins are going to collapse."

His mouth quirked in a small smile. "Hmm, I bet. Did they give you another shot?"

Cassie braced herself before looking down at her arms, frightened by what she might see. But there was no discoloration today, her arms remained pale, and needle puckered. "No."

"Hmm," he grunted again. "That's good."

She leaned up against the window, pressing her hand to the glass, missing the imaginary feel of his hand pressed to hers. Resting her cheek against the glass, she stared down at him, worried by the pain etched onto his face. Rioting emotions tore through her, they pounded through her chest and made it hard for her to breathe.

She hated his pain, longed to take it away from him. She hated this place, she wished that she could get the two of them out of here, but they had been here for so long, and neither of them could figure out a way to escape. Cassie glanced at the vents, knowing that was half the battle. If she could figure out some way to clog them up then maybe they would have a shot at escape, but she couldn't reach them, and neither could Julian.

There had to be some way out of here, but she had yet to find a chink in their captor's armor. "Cassie." She turned slowly back to Julian, stifling a yawn. His arm was still draped over his eyes, but the burns on his arms looked slightly better. "We need to get the hell out of here."

She was silent for a moment before nodding slowly. "I know. They're going to kill us soon."

"Yes," he agreed. "And one thing I will not survive is the loss of your life."

Cassie bowed her head, trying hard not to cry at his words. She would only bring him pain, but he seemed set in his feelings for her, no matter how much she didn't want them. Or at least she told herself she didn't want them, repeatedly. She cared for Julian greatly; he had made his way into her heart, making her love him in a way that she had never thought possible. He was her friend, her rock, and she needed him. She loved Devon, she really did, but her feelings for Julian were new and strange and confusing.

And she did not have time to sort through them. Not in here anyway, not until they were free of this hell.

Cassie bit on her bottom lip nervously; her gaze darted toward the bigger mirror. She was always afraid that they were listening to them, laughing at them for their stupidity at thinking they could escape. But she needed to think of a way to get them both out of here, before there was no chance of escape anymore.

She turned back to Julian, wincing at the sight of his wounds. His pain was her pain; she felt it as acutely as she would have felt her own burns. She needed to get him out of here before they destroyed him. She would not survive his loss either. He owned a piece of her heart now, and he always would. She would be broken without him.

Confusion and fear tore through her. She didn't want to hurt Julian, and she didn't want Devon to be hurt. She loved them both too much to be the cause of their pain. Unfortunately, she feared that there was no longer anything she could do about it. One, or both of them, would be hurt. And she would be the cause.

Cassie shuddered; she wrapped her arms around her legs as she pulled them against her chest. She hugged them tightly to her, hating the situation that had caused her this confusion and misery. That had caused Julian this misery. Tears rolled down her face as her thoughts turned to Devon. She ached for him constantly; she missed him more than she would miss the loss of her own arm. And yet she was sitting here, confused, uncertain, and in turmoil because of her growing feelings for Julian. Biting on her bottom lip, she tried hard to keep her sobs down, tried hard to keep her tears from Julian, but she knew she had failed miserably when his palm suddenly pressed against the glass.

Cassie knew that she shouldn't touch it. She knew she should start to sever the tie between them, but she couldn't bring herself to do so, not now. Not when she was so alone, and frightened, and in need of his strength and love. And not when she knew that he needed this even more than she did. She was being selfish, and she hated herself for it, but she couldn't stop herself from pressing her hand to his.

She buried her face in her knees; her tears flowed freely down her cheeks as she pressed her hand tighter to the glass. She needed to get them the hell out here before she destroyed all of their lives by crossing a line she had never thought she would. She knew where her heart belonged, knew who owned her soul, but things were so different in here. They were confusing, scary, and she had grown to love Julian in a different way than Devon.

Julian was going to be hurt if they ever made it out of here, and Devon would not understand her strange new feelings for a man that had been their worst enemy, before she had been thrown in here. No, Devon would not understand it at all, and he may never forgive her for it.

She didn't know if she could forgive herself for it.

She curled up against the wall, keeping her hand tight to the glass. She allowed the drugs to pull her under, grateful for the escape from the world she so desperately needed. An escape from the hell she had been forced into and could not escape while awake.

***

Cassie started awake; she blinked rapidly against the drug induced sleep that tried to pull her back under. It took her a moment to figure out what had woken her, but when she did, confusion and fear took hold of her. An alarm was blaring somewhere, red lights flashed through the small window in her door. Her forehead furrowed as she tried to puzzle out what was going on, what all the commotion was about.

Shouts filled the air, feet slapped against the tiled floor. Cassie watched as two people raced by, their heads bowed as they sprinted past. Shoving herself up, she struggled against the drugged stupor clinging to her. She swayed slightly, the flashing lights doing nothing to help her disorientation and dizziness.

Moving slowly, she turned toward Julian's room, but it was dark in there now and she couldn't see him. More shouts rang out as a siren began to wail. Fear curdled through her as she rose slowly, stumbling slightly as she staggered toward the door. She fell into it. Standing on tiptoe she watched as another group raced by, heading in the opposite direction of the people she had seen earlier.

A pain filled scream rent the air. Cassie's eyes widened, terror poured through her as that scream continued wretchedly on for a few more seconds before ending abruptly. She took a small step back from the door, a fierce shaking wracked through her as she wrapped her arms tightly around herself. She didn't know what was going on out there, but she did know that it was not good.

Stepping back to the door, she rested her hands upon it as more shouts rang out, reverberating loudly through the concrete hall. She turned back to Julian's room, but it remained dark and empty. The siren grew even louder, becoming nearly unbearable. She took another step back as fresh screams rent the air. She placed her hands over her ears in an attempt to block out the horrendous noise as she backed up a few more steps.

Panic filled her, confusion and horror swirled through her as another tortured scream rebounded through the halls. She bit down on her bottom lip, trying hard to stay calm. Maybe this was another form of torment that they had designed for her? Maybe they wanted to see if this would finally break her? Another scream echoed down the hall and she knew instantly that this was not some new form of torture, but very real. No one could scream like that, unless they were in very real, very agonizing pain.

She turned and fled over to Julian's window, climbing onto the bed she began to pound against the glass. She needed Julian right now. Needed him to explain to her exactly what was going on. Needed him to wake up and help her figure out a way to get out of whatever disaster was occurring right outside their doors. She beat hard against the glass as she screamed his name, but he didn't respond to her.

What if something had already happened to him?

True panic began to fill her as she turned swiftly back to the door. More people ran by, their feet squeaked on the floor, their footsteps echoed. She needed to get the hell out of here, and she needed to find Julian. She crept slowly back to the door, straining to see out the window again.

A face suddenly appeared before her. Cassie gasped, jumping back in surprise as it peered in at her. Its red eyes were filled with rage and insanity. Its face was twisted and disfigured, its lips pulled back from its teeth as it hissed at her. Long fangs cut into its lip causing blood to pour down its chin, but it seemed oblivious to that fact as it stared hungrily at her.

She recognized what it was instantly. She knew immediately that it was one of those things stuck in between, a monster with no soul and no rational thought. It was the same thing that lurked inside of her. Nausea and disgust twisted through her, and for the first time Cassie was truly grateful for the thick metal door that held her within this room.

It continued to watch her, drool slipping down its chin as it sniffed the air at the edges of the door. She remained unmoving, frozen in place without the strength to even pick up her feet and get away from it. It continued to sniff at her door, moving slowly over the window. Cassie's breath froze in her lungs as the door handle rattled. She stiffened, waiting to see if it would get in. Waiting to see if it could break into the room she hadn't been able to break out of.

The knob rattled harder, the thing began to jerk hard upon it. Excitement radiated from the creature, along with hunger and rage. Cassie braced herself for a fight, positive that this thing would get into her room. It was only a matter of time before it succeeded. The monstrosity ran on pure bloodlust and destruction, but she sure as hell was not going down without a fight. Its head suddenly snapped around. Cassie's mouth dropped as a bolt of electricity shot down the hall, slamming into the creature and knocking it back.

Dani appeared before the door, her gold streaked eyes wide with fear and worry as she met Cassie's terrified gaze. Dani's head bent; the flashing red lights brought out the blood red streaks in her hair. She fumbled with something for a moment before the handle turned and the door was flung open.

Cassie gaped at her in shock. "We need to go!" Dani yelled at her when she remained immobile. "Now Cassie! We have to go now!"

Cassie could only stare at her for a moment longer, puzzled and confused by everything that was happening. Then, her survival instincts kicked in. At the moment it didn't matter what Dani had done before, if there was a chance for her to escape this hellhole, she was going to take it. She stepped into the hall, her eyes widening as she took in the complicated twists and turns that convoluted the place.

"This way!" Dani seized hold of her arm, pulling her to the left.

"Wait! Wait!" Cassie dug her feet in, trying to pull away from her. "I need to find Julian, where is his cell?"

Dani stared at her in surprise; her eyes darted wildly over Cassie's shoulder. "Cassie we don't have time! We must go!"

Cassie's jaw clenched tightly as she defiantly met Dani's horrified gaze. "I'm not leaving here without him!" she yelled over the roaring alarm. Dani shook her head for a moment. Cassie grabbed hold of her shirt, dragging her forward she thrust her face into Dani's. "You helped put me in here!" she hissed. "You will help me get him out of here!"

Dani's eyes widened, fear flashed through them. "He's a monster," she gasped.

Cassie's teeth clenched, anger tore through her. "No more then you! Take me to him Dani, or I will kill you."

Dani's mouth parted on a small gasp as she searched Cassie's face. Cassie stared fiercely back at her, meaning every word she had just said. This girl was the cause of her misery, and she had no problem returning Dani's betrayal with death. Hatred burned in Cassie's stomach, racing through her veins as her grip on Dani's shirt tightened. She knew she was on the verge of losing all control, but she didn't care.

"Now Dani!" she barked.

Dani licked her lips nervously as she managed a small nod. "Yes, ok, come on." Cassie hesitated for a moment, loathe to put her faith in the girl again, but knowing that she had no other choice. Dani grabbed hold of her hand, squeezing it briefly. "You can trust me Cassie."

Cassie quirked her eyebrow, a small snarl curved her upper lip. "I doubt it."

She released Dani, pushing her slightly back. They stared at each other for a moment before Dani turned and headed in the opposite direction of the way she had been trying to lead Cassie. Cassie followed silently behind, her attention riveted on the hallways. Though the only sound now was the blaring of the siren, she knew that there was evil out there, hunting them. Dani broke into a slow jog, Cassie stayed right on her heels, terrified that Dani was going to deceive her again. Terrified that she would not get to Julian in time, and that they would all die in here.

Dani skidded around a corner, coming to an abrupt halt in front of a door. Her hands fumbled with the keys, nearly dropping them on the ground as she struggled to pull out the right one. Finally, she slid a key in and turned it. The door swung open to reveal a darkened room. Cassie pushed Dani forward, not trusting her enough to leave her in the hall alone.

The red lights flashed over the room, pulsating as they lit it in disconcerting flashes. Her heightened sight picked out Julian's prone form lying upon his bed. "Give me a hand," she ordered briskly.

"Cassie..."

"Now!" she snapped.

Dani jumped slightly but nodded briskly. Cassie hurried toward the bed and grabbed hold of Julian's arm. It was a surprise to actually touch him after all the nights they had spent with a piece of glass between them. His skin was soft and firm beneath her palm; the fine hairs covering it were slightly bristly.

He was cooler to the touch, and radiated power like Devon. But unlike when she touched Devon, she did not feel a rushing sense of rightness by grasping hold of Julian. She did however feel a rushing sense of relief that nearly choked her. Touching Julian did not make her feel whole like Devon did, but it did give her a sense of comfort that helped soothe the hurt and loneliness that had encompassed her in here. Touching him helped to ease all of the hurt and fear she had been living with for so very long.

He groaned softly as Cassie pulled him up, keeping a tight hold on his limp form. Readjusting him, she draped his arm over her shoulder, using all of her strength to lift him to his feet. "Help me," she growled to Dani.

Dani hesitated for a moment; her terrified eyes darted to the door. Taking a deep breath, her shoulders slumped as she hurried to Julian's other side and draped his arm around her. "We need to hurry!" she said urgently. "They're coming!"

Cassie tried hard to hear anything above the roaring siren, but it drowned out all other sound. She thought of that monster outside of her room and knew that they needed to get out of here, now. There was not much time left for them. Dragging Julian forward, she hurried from the room as swiftly as his dead weight would allow her to. She let Dani lead them through the maze of halls, winding swiftly through the twists and turns with an ease that only infuriated Cassie more. The girl was very comfortable in this hideous place, very at home.

Julian's hand twitched in hers, but he showed little signs of rousing. The alarm cut off suddenly, the blaring sound ended as abruptly as it had begun. Cassie froze; the sudden quiet was even more unnerving then the loud blaring had been. Dani glanced at her, her mouth parted slightly on a small gasp of surprise. "How much further?" Cassie asked quietly, hating how loud her voice sounded amidst the sudden quiet.

"Not much," Dani whispered back, licking her lips nervously. "Come."

Cassie winced as Julian's feet squeaked across the floor; the sound seemed as loud as a gunshot in the unending quiet. Another scream rent the air; it was blood curdling in its intensity. The hair on Cassie's neck stood on end as she glanced behind her. The scream broke off, and then a series of shorter ones began to reverberate through the hall.

Julian twitched again, his head lolled slightly. Cassie glanced worriedly at him, wondering how many drugs they had pumped into him to keep him knocked out through all of this, and just how much the UV light had hurt him. Although she could only see a few darker burns still marring the skin along his hairline, and his eyes were no longer swollen, she was certain there were still more marks on him. Cassie's attention was ripped away from him as Dani started down another hallway, briefly pulling Julian along behind her. Cassie found her feet again, fear spurring her forward even faster.

Julian's hand tightened briefly on hers again. "What's going on?" he inquired his voice slurred and thick.

"We're getting the hell out of here," Cassie answered softly.

His head lolled toward her, his blue eyes widened upon her. "Cassie?" he blurted in surprise.

"Shh, we have to be quiet Julian."

He continued to stare at her in wide eyed amazement for a moment, and then he shook his head. "No, this isn't real. I must be dreaming, or they've figured out some new experiment."

Cassie's heart clenched, pain for him filled her. She stopped abruptly, jerking Dani to a halt. Grasping hold of his chin, she turned his head forcefully toward her. "This is very real Julian," she whispered fervently, squeezing his chin hard to reinforce her words. "I am real. And I need your help. You need to start walking otherwise we are not going to get out of this alive!"

He stared at her for a moment, his dazed gaze finally focused on her completely. "This is real?"

"Very much so, and we need to get out."

He blinked again and his shoulders straightened. He seemed to realize that someone else was holding him as he turned slowly away from her. His body stiffened in shock, his grip tightened painfully on her hand as a feral hiss escaped him. Dani's eyes widened in terror, her gaze flew wildly toward Cassie. For a brief moment Cassie contemplated letting Julian do whatever he wanted to Dani. But no matter how much she didn't like or trust the girl, she couldn't allow that to happen. They needed Dani to get out of here, and no matter how much she hated the girl, her conscience would not let Julian kill Dani in cold blood.

"No Julian," Cassie said softly, tugging sharply on his hand. "We need her to get out of here."

Dani's nostrils flared as she grasped the unstated threat behind Cassie's statement. Once they were free, there were no promises. Cassie stared hard at her. "Let's go," Dani said softly.

Though Julian used his own feet, he still leaned on her shoulder as they continued forward. Cassie did not miss the fact that he had pulled away from Dani, but continued to watch her wearily. They reached a set of elevators, but Dani turned away from them, heading to the right. Cassie stared at the silver doors for a moment before Julian tugged her forward.

"We need to use the stairs," Dani explained in a hushed voice. "I don't trust the elevator to stay working."

They followed her down the hall until they reached a set of swinging doors. Dani fumbled with the keys again, unlocking the doors with a shaky hand before shoving through them. Flights of stairs wound their way steeply up. Cassie's eyes widened as she stared up the twisting mess before them. She was exhausted, still slightly drugged, and every muscle in her body ached from dragging Julian, but she could do this. She would do this.

Staggering slightly, she helped Julian forward as Dani quickly relocked the doors. Her hand grasped hold of the banister as Julian rested his other hand against the wall. Working together she was able to lead him swiftly up the first two flights before the strain began to truly weigh on her. She struggled up the next flight before tripping over a step.

With a soft cry, she fell forward smashing her knees off of the landing. Pain lanced through her, but she shoved it aside as she tried hard not to let it get the best of her. Julian grasped hold of her arm, helping to pull her back up. "You can do this princess," he hissed in her ear.

She glanced sharply at him, her eyes narrowed slightly. "Don't call me princess," she hissed back.

His familiar grin flitted over his handsome features, his eyes sparked with amusement. "Come on," Dani urged, hurrying swiftly back to them. "There's only one more flight."

Cassie bit on her bottom lip, her hands clenched as she shoved herself back to her feet, trying hard not to succumb to the pain threatening to engulf her. Julian kept hold of her arm as they struggled up the last flight of stairs. Dani hesitated at the top to peer out the window in the large metal door that blocked their way.

Taking a deep breath, Dani set her shoulders as she fumbled to get the keys out of her pocket. Cassie watched impatiently as Dani shakily inserted them into the lock and turned the key. They waited breathlessly as she pulled the door slowly open, peeking out. "I think it's safe," she whispered.

Dani opened the door more and slid through it, she waited for Cassie and Julian to join her on the other side. Cassie's eyes widened, her breath exploded from her in shock as she took in the locker lined hallways. They were in a school. "What the hell?" Julian demanded.

"Cedarville school," Dani answered softly.

"Where the hell is Cedarville?" Cassie inquired sharply.

"Upstate New York."

Cassie's eyebrows furrowed as she glanced rapidly up and down the halls. "You put that monstrosity down there beneath a school?" she grated.

Dani quirked an eyebrow, anger flitted briefly over her features. "I didn't put it anywhere!" Dani retorted. "And I think we had better get free of here before we have this conversation, don't you?"

Cassie glared fiercely back at her, her hands fisted as she fought the urge to punch Dani in her traitorous face. Julian grasped hold of her arm, shaking his head warningly at her. "Not here."

She glanced at him, her hands relaxing slightly as she nodded briefly. Dani was watching them in wide eyed fascination, her gaze darted wildly between the two of them as her mouth parted slightly. "What are you staring at?" Julian snarled, stepping protectively in front of Cassie.

Cassie reached out to touch his arm seeking to soothe some of the rage she sensed building rapidly within him. Julian relaxed slightly, as some of the tension eased from him. Dani's eyes widened upon her, doubt and horror crept into her gaze. Cassie knew what Dani saw, knew that she thought Cassie was betraying Devon, but she couldn't bring herself to care what Dani thought of her. She didn't care about Dani at all. Not anymore. Cassie tilted her chin defiantly; she glared back at Dani with disgust and hatred.

Dani's mouth snapped shut as she shook her head. "Come on, we need to get out of here before they find us."

Cassie didn't know if Dani meant the monsters that had held them captive, or if there were other creatures like the one that had tried to get into her room running around. Either way she didn't care, she just wanted to be free. She followed silently behind as Dani crept cautiously down the hall, past the lockers, and empty classrooms. Julian was able to move on his own now, but he stayed close to Cassie, his arm brushing lightly against hers as they moved. They turned a corner, hurrying past a silent gym before making their way into a small cafeteria.

They were halfway through the tables when the hair on the back of Cassie's neck stood on end and a shiver of terror wracked her. She froze, her gaze scanned rapidly over the darkened tables and benches. Julian turned back as he stopped in front of her. "Cassie!" Julian hissed.

"There's something here," she whispered back.

He stepped closer to her, his eyes flashing briefly red as he scanned the room. "Where?"

She shook her head, turning helplessly back to him. She couldn't see any threat in the room, but she knew that it was there, stalking them. She could feel it amongst the shadows, lurking, waiting to pounce upon them. Dani was impatiently waiting for them a few feet away. Cassie shook her head slowly, trying to rid herself of the feeling but unable to shake it.

And then, she knew.

Ever so slowly, she tilted her head back. Her heart hammered in trepidation, her mouth instantly went dry. A gasp of shock escaped her when she spotted the thing amongst the beams; its red eyes gleamed down at her as it watched them in hungry fascination. Julian seized hold of her arm, shoving her out of the way as the thing launched itself from the beams with an eager growl.

Cassie's hip slammed into the corner of a table, the chairs skidded away from it as pain exploded through her. Julian seized hold of the creature's throat as it landed upon him. Flipping the monster over his head, he threw it easily away from him. It flew a good ten feet through the air before crashing into one of the tables. It offered a soft grunt as it bounced off of the table before disappearing into the darkness again. Julian turned toward the creature as it scurried into the shadows. It darted swiftly through the benches and tables with an inhuman agility that stole Cassie's breath from her and left her shaken and horrified.

Dani moved closer to them, huddling by Cassie's side as they all followed the creature's fervent movement through the dark. A bench was knocked aside, and then it seemed to disappear once more. Julian took a step closer to her, blocking her with his large frame. "Stay close!" he commanded.

A table to their left skidded slightly backward causing Cassie to jump in surprise. Dani's shoulder brushed against her side. Cassie fought the urge to push her away, but Dani was the only reason they had even made it this far. No matter how cruel Dani had been to them, Cassie could not bring herself to be so vindictive to the frightened girl.

A shadow reared up out of the night as it launched itself at them. A scream caught in Cassie's throat as it snagged hold of Dani's arm, an eager hiss escaped it. Dani screamed loudly, throwing her hands up in a useless attempt to dislodge the creature. Cassie grabbed hold of Dani's arm, trying to pull her away as the thing clawed at her arm, tearing her sweatshirt to shreds. Strange noises escaped from it, its misshapen teeth snapped as it tried to latch onto Dani's neck.

Julian lurched toward them, moving swiftly in a rushing blur, but Cassie was even quicker. Reacting on instinct alone, she drove her fist into the things cheek, snapping its head to the side. With the thing knocked momentarily off balance, Cassie was able to rip Dani away, shoving her aside as she lurched at the thing.

Cassie relished in the anger that boiled swiftly forward, the powerful surge that came flowing with it. Leaping over the table, she caught hold of the things leg before it scurried into the darkness again. It howled in rage, rounding on her in anger and bloodlust. For a moment it seemed to hesitate, its eyes widened as it caught sight of her. Cassie paused, confusion swirling through her. Devon had said that these things had no reasonable thought, no fear, no survival instinct but this thing seemed rational for a brief moment of time.

Then it was coming at her, moving with inhuman speed as it lashed out with vicious looking claws. Cassie dodged the blow, her nostrils flaring with anger at the attack. She jerked the monstrosity back, ripping it toward her by the ankle. It howled with rage, clawing at the floor for purchase as it tried to get away from her.

"Cassie!" Julian shouted.

She felt him at her shoulder milliseconds before she lashed out, driving her fist into the things chest. Bone crunched beneath her hand, driving deeper in as flesh and bone gave out completely. The thing screamed in pain, its hands shoved fiercely at her as it tried to dislodge her.

Julian jumped over top of the creature, clearing the thing in one single leap. Landing behind it, he seized hold of its head, ripping it to the side in a violent, jerking motion. The loud sound of bone shattering echoed throughout the room. The thing squealed, staggering back, its head twisted disgustingly to the side on its broken neck.

Julian's eyes were bright red as they met hers, his nostrils flared harshly. "Turn away!" he snarled at her. Cassie blinked in surprise, but she was unable to move. "Cassie turn around!" he commanded harshly.

She started slightly, seeming to come out of a haze as she turned away, stumbling slightly as she fought the desperate urge to flee this place and never look back. Lingering remnants of adrenaline and revulsion coursed through her. For a moment, for one horrifying moment, she had truly enjoyed fighting the creature, had truly enjoyed destroying it. And now, well now for the first time since she had been placed in this awful place, she was finally feeling the real her bubbling beneath the surface again. And she was disgusted and terrified by it.

Dani grasped hold of her arms, pulling her forward as the thing began to squeal again. Cassie winced, hugging herself against the pain that she heard in those inhuman squeals of pain and terror. A sickening crunch and a squishing noise finally silenced the pathetic creature.

Cassie shuddered, Dani's hands on her tightened. "Are you ok?"

Cassie glanced up as Julian appeared at her side, his reddened eyes narrowed with worry as he surveyed the wounds marring Cassie and Dani's arms. Cassie gazed down at the scratches on her arms, hardly noticing the trickle of blood that seeped from them. She healed fast; the scratches would not remain upon her skin for long. Julian pulled Cassie gently away from Dani, his eyes narrowed fiercely upon Dani for a moment. Tenderly turning her arms, he lightly fingered the jagged wounds.

"I'm fine," she said softly.

His eyes were still red upon hers, but there was a softening in his features as he studied her intently. "You're in control?"

She frowned at him. "Of course I am," she retorted.

His hands cupped her face gently, lifting it toward him, he peered at her intently. "Your eyes are red."

Cassie started, her mouth parted on a gasp. Instinctively, she jerked away from him as she backed up a couple of steps. She needed to flee; she needed to get far away before she hurt one of them. "What!?"

"Cassie..."

Dani came at her, but Cassie kept back peddling until she came up against a chair. Her knees gave out, buckling suddenly. She sat heavily on the chair, her breath rushing out of her in a loud whoosh. "Get away!" she cried, holding her arms out in a vague attempt to defend them from her.

It was Julian that seized hold of her, gripping her arms so tight that she winced in response. "Cassie stop!"

She fisted her hands, closing her eyes against the impending wave of hatred and pain that would swamp her body soon. It would consume her again; it would leave her withering upon the floor, twisting in agony, useless, and on the verge of becoming a monster. "You can fight against this," Julian hissed, pulling her hands tight against the hard muscles of his chest.

She blinked at him in surprise, waiting for the pain to rise up. But it didn't come. And the longer Cassie sat there, the more she realized that it wasn't coming. Though she had been frightened and angry, she did not feel the loss of control and hatred that had consumed her when she had killed Isla. This time she had been motivated by survival instinct, it had been pure reaction and adrenaline that had filled her, and still fueled her now.

But she had been fueled by those things before, and her eyes had never turned red. She had never exhibited the same kind of physical strength she had when she had demolished the creature's chest, at least not before Isla.

A cold chill swept down Cassie's spine, ice filled her veins. For a moment, she couldn't breathe. For a moment, she truly feared that she might pass out. Then, ever so slowly the air came back into her chest and the feeling returned to her muscles. She turned toward Danielle, her hands clenched tighter upon Julian's as she met Dani's worried gaze.

"What did they do to us in there?" Cassie asked softly.

"Cassie..." Danielle started.

"What did they do to me in there?" she demanded sharply, rising off of the chair.

Dani looked helplessly back at her, tears filled her eyes. "I don't know," she said softly. "But we need to go Cassie. There are more of them. Many more. We need to go."

Cassie looked helplessly back at Julian, fighting back the tears that filled her eyes. "Come on Cassie," he said forcefully, helping her to her feet.

She blinked back the tears, nodding slowly as she clung tighter to his hands, unable to stand this strange new world without his comfort. She kept both of her hands wrapped around his right one as he weaved swiftly through the tables, guiding her along. She couldn't stop the shaking that wracked her, the trembling and terror that she feared may have taken up permanent residence in her body.

Dani reached one of the emergency doors and flung it open to the dark night. Cold air rushed in. Cassie's scrubs were little protection against the howling wind, her bare feet froze immediately, but it was the most wonderful thing she had ever felt in her life.

Free! They were free! Stumbling outside, Cassie nearly fell to her knees, wanting to sob with joy as she inhaled heaping gulps of blessedly fresh air. They all stood at the edge of the doorway, staring out at the dark, cold night. Julian turned slowly toward her, a bright smile lighting his beautiful face. The moon played over his hard features, lighting the beautiful blue of his eyes.

She couldn't help but return his jubilant smile, her heart leapt wildly in her chest as tears simmered in her eyes. Julian's smile widened, making him appear so wonderfully innocent and joyful. Suddenly, he pulled her forward, drawing her tight against his chest. Before Cassie could react, his head bent to hers, his lips seized hold of hers. Cassie gasped in surprise, allowing him access to her mouth.

Unable to move, frozen beneath the gentle press of his mouth and tongue, a fresh surge of emotions tore through her. She wanted to jerk away from him, wanted to pull away from the wrongness of his kiss, but there was something that did not feel wrong about it. Desire and belonging did not pool through her like it did with Devon, but a strange swell of love bloomed through her, curling her toes as tears slipped down her cheeks. Though this was not right, in a strange way it was, which only served to confuse and unnerve her more.

Julian pulled slightly away, his hand caressed her cheek. Cassie stared silently at him, awe and pain filling her. She was an awful person, horrendous. Devon never would have kissed another person. He never would have considered it. And yet she had just kissed Julian, or he had kissed her, but she had returned it with even more feeling than she had thought possible.

And he was staring at her with such sadness and understanding that it was breaking her heart.

Cassie turned away, anger and self loathing washing through her as Dani stared at her in horror. She was so awful she was even being judged by Dani now, one of the worst forms of human life that Cassie had ever encountered. Her fingers lingered over her lips as she glanced helplessly back at Julian, guilt and anguish washed through her. She loved him, she truly did, but it was not the same as Devon, it could never be the same.

Julian stared silently down at her, his ice blue eyes warm and gentle. His fingers stroked over her cheek once more. His head bent to hers, his forehead rested lightly against hers. "Julian," she breathed.

He sighed softly, his eyes closed as his hand briefly tightened on her face. "I know Cassie, I know. I just needed it."

She was glad that he knew, because she sure as hell didn't. As light as a butterflies caress, his lips brushed over hers once more before he pulled slowly away. She remained gaping up at him, unaware of the cold wind that beat against them. He smiled brightly, pinching her cheek lightly as he used his humor as a defense again.

"Come on princess let's get as far away from this hellhole as we can."

Before she could respond, or even stop to think what that kiss had meant to her, what Julian knew, or what her feelings about this situation were, Julian was tugging her forward. They rushed onward; they sprinted across an open baseball field before finally reaching the sanctuary of the woods. She didn't know what was awaiting them out here, nor did she care. She was just happy to be free, to be breathing fresh air, no matter how cold or uncertain the world surrounding them was.

She clung tighter to Julian's hand as they plunged into the forest, grateful for his strength and his presence. They needed to get free of this town, and she needed to find Devon. Soon. She had to know that he was safe, and she had to ease the torment she was certain he was going through. And she needed him to ease the tumult of emotions and confusion consuming her.

She studied the man before her as he led her easily through the trees, his hand strong and sure in hers. Though she tried to deny it, she knew that her feelings for him were not entirely platonic. She may not feel the same way about him that she felt about Devon, but there was definitely something there. She could only hope that she would not be even more confused about her feelings for Julian when she finally got the chance to see Devon again.

She studied the man before her as he led her easily through the trees, his hand strong and sure in hers. Though she tried to deny it, she knew that her feelings for him were not entirely platonic. She may not feel the same way about him that she felt about Devon, but there was definitely something there. She could only hope that she would not be even more confused about her feelings for Julian when she finally got the chance to see Devon again.

