Chapter One

GO HOME, TURN OFF THE LIGHTS, AND KILL YOURSELF.

My lids popped wide open, and my eyes danced around the dark room. Worry, fear, and panic returned as the naked white walls of the hospital room came into focus. The soft green numbers on the display on the IV pump cast an eerie glow as I recalled the events from the day before.

Paramedics carrying Weston away on a stretcher from the dugout was the most frightening moment of my life. The more frightening parts played over and over in my mind. The inhaler falling from his limp hand, sirens from the ambulance racing for the hospital-it was all crowded together in my head.

I closed my eyes, willing the awful memory and feelings away. Weston's rhythmic breaths and the staccato beeps of his life on the monitors made the tension melt away. He was alive. Everything was going to be okay.

My body lined his, and I was hyperaware of every inch of my skin touching his that wasn't covered by his hospital gown. He was so warm under the thick linen blanket the nurse had given us. I lay still, wrapped in the arms of the boy who loved me, my hip already complaining from being in the same position for too long.

Hints of a sunrise were already slipping through the blinds and chasing away the darkness. Weston stirred, and I silently wished the night had held on just a little longer.

Veronica Gates was reading a magazine in the overstuffed mauve recliner across the room. Along with her rectangular black-rimmed reading glasses, she was using the flashlight on her cell phone to see.

I lifted my head, which prompted her to look up.

"Good morning," she whispered, nearly inaudible.

Not wanting to risk waking up Weston, the only thing I could offer was a small smile. When my head gently relaxed against Weston's chest, his arms tightened, and he pulled in a deep breath.

Veronica managed a silent laugh, and then she moved to the wooden chair sitting closer to the bed. "He used to hold his teddy bear like that. If I tried to pull it out of his arms after he'd fallen asleep, he'd tighten his grip."

She crossed her legs and intertwined her fingers, watching her son with unqualified love. "He came home from the first grade, and quite matter-of-factly, he said to Peter and me, 'I'm getting married,'" she said, imitating a seven-year-old Weston. She breathed out a laugh again, lost in the memory. "Peter asked him, 'When?' Weston said, 'Later,' and then I asked him, 'Who?' He said, 'Erin.'" She watched for my reaction. "At the time, I thought he meant Alder, but then he made me promise never to tell you that story, and I realized I had been wrong."

My breath faltered.

"That was a long time ago. I don't think he'd mind now." She looked down at Weston and then back at me. "I'm glad he meant you, Erin. I don't think I've told you that."

"I'm just lucky he doesn't easily give up," I whispered.

Weston stirred again, and Veronica leaned in closer to get a better look at her son.

He groaned. "Erin?"

Veronica raised an eyebrow and then shot a knowing look my way.

"I'm here," I said.

With his eyes still closed, he leaned down the inch or two to graze my hair with his lips. The sun brightened up the room enough to see what the shadows had hidden just ten minutes before.

Weston sighed. "Good. Don't leave."

"I won't," I said.

"In that case, I'd better get you some breakfast," Veronica said, standing.

"Good morning!" the nurse said, her voice seeming too loud after Veronica had been so careful to whisper. "I'm Amelia. How are you feeling?" Her bright pink scrubs matched her mood.

Veronica watched her from the corner of the room as she gathered her purse and keys from a chair.

Amelia had a pile of shiny long braids twisted into a beautiful round bun on the top of her head, adding at least four inches of height to her petite, round frame.

Weston's sleepy eyes blinked. "Whoa, I was out."

"It's the meds," she said. "I'm going to take your vitals and then wait for Dr. Shuart to call. I bet he'll release you today." She winked and motioned for me to move.

I obeyed, scrambling from the bed.

Weston frowned. "Don't leave."

Veronica shook her head, amused. "She said she's staying, son, my goodness."

He watched me with mistrust. Whatever warmth Veronica's story had left with me quickly vanished.

"Is this your girl?" Amelia asked Weston, mostly teasing.

Weston didn't take his eyes off of me, waiting for me to answer.

"I heard she'd slept half the night on that awful couch in the waiting room and the rest squished in your bed. The night nurses thought it was cute. My back would not be happy with me. No, sir," Amelia said, shaking her head at the thought.

The blood pressure machine buzzed as it inflated the cuff. Weston winced as it tightened. Amelia put a clip on his finger and seemed happy with the numbers that made zero sense to me.

"All good?" Veronica asked.

Amelia nodded. "Like it never happened."

Veronica let out a small breath. "Can he have breakfast?"

"Absolutely." She handed him a laminated long menu card. "Just buzz me when you decide if you want the runny oatmeal or the greasy eggs."

By Weston's expression, I could tell the choices on the card weren't all that enticing. Amelia left the room as quickly as she'd come, prompting Veronica to slide her purse strap over her shoulder.

"I'll just pick something up for everyone. I'll run down to Braum's for biscuits and gravy."

Weston perked up.

"I'll go with you," I said.

"No, you should stay," Weston said.

Veronica walked the few steps to peck her son's cheek and then gripped her keys. "I'll call Dad and let him know you're awake." Her eyes fell on me. "Are you staying?"

By Weston's expression, I could see that he wanted to use the opportunity to talk alone. I glanced back at Veronica and nodded.

"Be sure to call me if Dr. Shuart comes by," she said.

"Of course," I said.

She walked into the hallway, looked both ways, and then turned left toward the elevators. Her voice could barely be heard as she greeted the women at the nurses' station, and a few moments later, the elevator chimed, signaling its arrival to the floor.

I stood in the corner where I'd retreated from the nurse, watching as Weston put one wrist behind his head with an indeterminable expression on his face.

"Biscuits and gravy sound really good." As if on cue, my stomach growled, and I touched my white shirt with both hands.

"You stayed here all night," he said, not at all a question.

I nodded once and crossed my arms over my middle, wondering what he'd wanted to say that had to wait until his mother left.

He looked down toward his toes, lost in thought. "You can lie to me. I won't hold it against you."

"What?" I asked.

Deep sadness touched his eyes. "I meant what I said. Even if you leave for Stillwater, love OSU, and never come back, my memories of the next few weeks won't mean as much if you're not in them. I don't want you to make promises you can't keep, Erin...but right now, I can say that I'd be okay with a lie. Just lie to me. Let's do the prom thing, celebrate graduation like crazy people, and have the best summer of all time. We'll just get on the roller coaster, ride, and pretend that it's never going to end."

"Still winging it?"

One corner of my mouth pulled up, but his jaw tensed.

"No," he said. "You've always been the plan. It'll always be you."

I walked over to his bedside and leaned down. Stopping just short of his lips, I searched his eyes for a promise or some sign that he could somehow see the future. His fingers gripped my arms as he pulled me the few inches to touch his mouth to mine.

One day, he might let me go but not in that moment. Eighteen, with a lifetime ahead, he was asking me to lose myself in the last scene of my childhood, to get lost somewhere in the summer of us. I had already been adrift my entire life, and what he was asking of me now was particularly frightening.

When Weston said things like that though, what I always wanted to lose was any thoughts of being found.

"Babe?" he whispered, searching my eyes. The beeping on the monitor picked up a bit.

Whether it was naivete or foolish hope to think we were the kind of people who lived in that parallel universe where high school love could last, I didn't just want to believe. I wanted to trust him even if it would only be until August.

"Deal," I said.

Offering only a half smile in response, his palm settled on the back of my messy hair, and he pulled me close until his lips touched mine. His tongue slipped into my mouth-dancing with mine, slow and sweet-as he sealed the promise we'd just made, and then he pulled me onto the bed.

His nose nuzzled against my neck, and I giggled, impervious to anyone who might hear. He was holding me close, and he was relaxed, relieved, and maybe still feeling the effects of sedation.

A knock on the door made us pause, and then I turned to see Dr. Shuart standing there in a white jacket and collared plaid shirt.

"And how is Mr. Gates this morning?" he asked, walking in with a nurse. "I'm going to take a wild guess and say you're just fine."

My cheeks flushed red, and once again, I shrank back to the chair in the corner. Weston wasn't fazed. He had a smug grin on his face.

"This is Dacia," Dr. Shuart said, just slightly turning his shoulder in her direction.

Dacia nodded to me and smiled a greeting to Weston. Then, she went back to scrawling on the paper in the open binder she held. "Weston is our last patient, Doctor. You have ten minutes to get back to the office before your first appointment, so don't stop downstairs to chat. Go straight over," she said in a motherly tone.

Dr. Shuart turned his back to her and raised his eyebrows once. "She is the cracker of the whip. Keeps me in line."

"Someone has to," she muttered, still writing.

I sat back in the overstuffed recliner, pulling out my phone to text Veronica, as Dr. Shuart chatted with Weston. They discussed his prescriptions, and Dr. Shuart explained that Weston would need one more breathing treatment before his release.

The doctor and Dacia waved good-bye to me before leaving the room, and my phone chimed.

"Your mom wants me to ask the doctor to come back in fifteen minutes," I said. "Apparently, the drive-through line is exceptionally long."

"She said that?" Weston asked, dubious.

"She might have said, 'The damn line.'"

"I don't think Dacia will go for it."

"I think you're right," I said, filling my back pocket with my cell phone. I looked at my watch.

"Are you working today?" Weston asked.

"Hair appointment with Julianne. But I'm going to cancel."

"You've already canceled once. Go ahead. I don't want you watching me puff on that stupid nebulizer anyway. I'll feel ridiculous."

"It's not for another hour. And I'm looking forward to biscuits and gravy."

"You're afraid my mom will be pissed about you leaving me here alone, aren't you?" He smirked.

"That, too."

My phone chimed again. I pulled it out of my pocket, read the message, and then left the phone on my lap.

"Who was that?" Weston asked.

"Julianne, reminding me about the appointment."

Veronica walked in with two plastic sacks, exasperated. I stood to help her, but my phone crashed to the floor.

"Uh-oh!" Veronica said.

I turned it over and sighed in relief when I saw the screen was still intact. I took a step toward Veronica, but she shooed me away, so I sat on the bed with Weston. She handed each of us a Styrofoam container with a closed flip-top lid and a package filled with plasticware and a napkin.

Once the lid was open and with a fork in hand, Weston dug in, ravenous. I struggled with the plastic knife as I attempted to cut the biscuits, so it took me twice as long to finish, but I didn't mind. The gravy was creamy and peppery, and my taste buds were singing praises to the gods of Southern cooking and whoever had thought of and perfected the combination of grease, flour, and milk.

Veronica took our empty containers and crammed them into the small trash can beside the door.

I picked up my wallet and phone.

"You're leaving?" she asked.

Weston answered for me, "She has a hair appointment with Julianne. I wouldn't let her cancel."

"Of course not," Veronica said. "I raised you."

I chuckled and started for the door, but Weston tapped his cheek. I rushed over to give him a peck, but he turned and kissed me square on the mouth, gently holding my wrist so that I lingered there for a while.

For the second time that morning, my cheeks burned with embarrassment. My eyes didn't meet Veronica's when I walked out.

As I turned the corner, Veronica scolded her son, "You didn't ask her, did you?"

I paused and then pressed my back against the wall just outside the door. It was quiet for several seconds, and then I had to strain to hear Weston's answer.

"I've already asked her, Mom."

"Is it official?"

"Yes, we're going to prom."

"And?"

"I don't know. Don't ask me about Erin, Mom. It's weird." After a short pause, he continued, "I heard you, by the way."

"The teddy bear story? Sorry. I couldn't help myself."

"And the other one."

"About you claiming her as your future bride?"

Veronica mumbled something else.

Then, Weston spoke again, "It's okay. I'm glad she knows."

"So, you did. You meant Easter."

"That's not her name anymore, Mom, but yes, I meant her."

I heard the bed crumple.

"I hope you know what you're doing, son."

"Stop," Weston warned.

"I just don't want either of you getting hurt," she said sincerely.

"I'm just going to hold on until she's gone, Mom. That's all I can do."

Veronica didn't respond, so I walked toward the elevator, trying not to trip over his words on the way.

Chapter Two

"I LIKE IT," Weston said, twisting the lid off my Fanta Orange bottle.

The familiar sounds of fizz and cars passing beneath us made my entire body relax. Sitting on a denim quilt in the bed of Weston's red Chevy pickup, sipping on a cold pop, and feeling the sides of the gritty bed liner scratching against my shoulder blades were comforting. It was much better than joining everyone else at the parking lot of the baseball field.

"It feels really short," I said, running my fingers over the wavy ends of my chestnut tresses. The stylist had cut off over nine inches of my hair, but it still fell a bit past my shoulders.

"It's shinier and bouncier, and it looks darker."

"All good things," I said.

I pressed the gritty liner into my skin as if it would help me to remember the details more. Happiness didn't feel happier than this, and even if the rest of my life was storybook perfect, I knew I would want to remember every second of our nights on the overpass.

Lightning bugs were buzzing over the top of the newly emerging wheat in the fields bordering both sides of the bridge. Even in the twilight, the fields looked like miles of plush green grass. The mosquitoes were hovering, but we just waved them away, choosing the unusually hot spring air instead of the mosquito-free cab of the truck.

"You're wearing the necklace."

"I took it by Gose Jewelers after my appointment. You were still waiting to be discharged."

"That took forever," he grumbled.

"At least you're better. You're better, right?"

"Right as rain," he said with a twinkle in his eye. He leaned forward, his palms flat on the quilt, and his nose gently moved my head to the side while he simultaneously tasted my neck.

"Salty," he whispered after his tongue had teased my skin.

"Not as good as ice cream," I said with a smile.

"Actually, I think it's better." His lips traveled to my ear but moved on too quickly to my cheek, and then the gentleness went away, and he ravaged my mouth.

Never before had we made better use of his truck, grabbing at buttons and zippers and yanking fabric up and then down. The moment Weston's breathing became a bit labored, I froze.

"What?" he asked, hovering above me.

"You're wheezing."

"I have my inhaler." He chuckled. "I'm fine, I swear."

"That doesn't make me feel better anymore."

Weston's muscles relaxed, and he caressed my cheek with his forehead. "Would it make you feel better if we went slow? Or do you want to stop?"

"Maybe we should give you at least forty-eight hours after your near-death experience?"

His head fell past my bare shoulder, his forehead touching the bed of the truck. "What if I promise I'm okay?"

"How do you know? Did you know you were going to have an attack at the game?"

He didn't lift his head. "I ignored it."

"Are you ignoring it now?"

"No. I don't know. No."

"We should wait."

Weston took in a slow deep breath, and then he let it out even slower. He nodded. "Whatever you say, baby. This is your show." He sat up and handed me my bra with a forced grin.

"Don't be mad."

He laughed. "I'm not mad, Erin. Swear. I'm just in my prime, and I've been looking forward to this for a while. Weeks. Long, long weeks," he said more to himself than to me. He handed me my shirt and then slipped his over his head.

I frowned as he covered up the perfect contours of his torso.

"What?" he said, freezing when he noticed my expression.

I shrugged. "You should leave your shirt off all the time. I've got to find an excuse. Maybe I'll burn all your shirts."

"I don't appreciate being objectified," he said, lifting his chin. "I'm a person!"

"You're my person."

"Damn right," he said, scooping me into his arms. "Now what?" he asked just inches from my face.

I wanted to beg him to finish what we'd started, but I could tell he was tired, and he likely needed rest.

"I'm actually a little worn-out," I lied. "I've got to study for semester tests. I'm behind."

"So, do you want to sleep or study?" he said, an eyebrow arched.

"Both," I said, buttoning my shorts.

"You wouldn't happen to be coddling me, would you?" he asked. "Because that would be embarrassing and possibly a little insulting. I've had asthma attacks before, and you weren't there to baby me. Somehow, I still went on living."

I smirked. "Take me home, so you can ice your ego."

His mouth fell open.

"I'm not coddling you. I'm loving you. There is a difference."

He frowned. "How the heck am I supposed to argue with that?"

"You're not. C'mon."

I hopped down from the bed of the truck to the concrete below, and Weston followed.

He drove to my house, holding my hand in his. He rolled the windows down, and we laughed at my hair blowing in a dozen different directions. Weston pushed a button on the radio, and his Chance Anderson Band CD began playing through the speakers. He tapped the steering wheel with his thumb and sang loudly.

Barely ten minutes later, we were sitting in the Aldermans' drive, and Weston was kissing me good night. I walked into the house, smiling at Julianne's expression.

"You're home early," she said, unable to hide her surprise.

"He was tired," I said, joining her on the couch.

She bounced a bit when I sat, and then she hooked her arm around my neck.

"Are you telling me that it was his idea to bring you home?"

"Nope."

"I didn't think so."

We laughed, and Julianne lifted the remote. "Your Sam was called in. What do you want to watch?"

My cell phone chimed. It was Veronica.

Thank you.

She knew as well as Julianne that Weston coming home early hadn't been his doing.

I smiled and sent back a yellow winky face. Weston had finally shown me how to get emojis on my phone.

"That's called tough love," Julianne teased.

"He wasn't happy about it."

"So, you do? Love him?"

Her question caught me off guard. I recoiled, feeling like all the air had been sucked out of the room. "Do I love him?"

"Sorry," she said, clearly frustrated with herself. "I forgot that we're not...there yet. But we will be, I hope."

"I'm just...it's not you-or you and me. We're fine. We're doing good. I like it."

The awkwardness soared to a new level.

Julianne watched me for a moment, and then we both burst into laughter. I cackled so hard and for so long that tears began to fall from my eyes. Julianne was wiping her eyes, too.

"Ah!" she lilted. "I haven't done that in a long time." She nodded. "I needed that."

"Me, too."

"I, um...I talked to Dr. Briggs today. He thinks he'll have room for another PA in the fall."

"Really? That's awesome!"

"Yeah?"

"Completely. I saw you in action yesterday. You're really good. You still know your stuff."

"I forgot how much I love it."

"Then, you should definitely do it again."

"I haven't told Sam."

"Then, neither will I."

"I just wanted to wait until I talked to you about it. I was thinking about starting after your first week at Stillwater-just in case you need anything-and then I'll go back."

"You'll get bored. You should go back the first day of my classes. That way, we can start something new together."

She wrinkled her nose and then looked down to her lap, shaking her head. "You're"-she nodded-"an amazing young woman, Erin. I couldn't be prouder even if I had nothing to do with it."

"You had everything to do with it. This part of me was missing until now."

She shook her head again. "No, you've had it all along. You would have carried it with you to college, and...it's been hard for me to say this out loud because of what it might mean, but I would be lying if I said I wasn't glad to get the chance to know you. I'm not glad Alder's gone. I miss her. She..." Her face crumpled. "A lot of kids are angry and make bad choices in high school, but they get to make up for it later. They get their heads and hearts straight, and they grow up. Alder won't get the chance to tell you she's sorry. It's been hard for me to grasp this, but I can be glad you're here without being glad that she's gone."

"You're right."

Julianne took me into her arms and squeezed. "Love you."

"Love you, too."

Julianne pushed a button, and the program guide displayed on the screen. "Okay, Red Square Death Squad Two, Three Dogs' Journey, The Bloody Ghosts from Hell. What the crap? Over three hundred channels, and it's these or Silky Soul and Latin Jazz."

I cackled. Julianne was feisty on Saturday nights.

"What about SNL?" I asked.

She nodded once. "We can do that. Oh, by the way, your dress is back. I picked it up from Wanda today. She does the alterations for Frocks and Fashions."

"Oh. Thank you."

"You should try it on before you go to bed. Just in case."

"O-okay."

"Are you still going?"

"Yes."

"Are you nervous?"

"Yes."

"Do you trust him-not to stick with Alder's plan to embarrass you, I mean?"

"Yes. I don't know about anyone else though."

"They'd better not," she said, looking at the television. "They'd just...better not."

I didn't know if she would bake them a batch of bad cookies or point her finger at them, but she appeared to be serious.

While the skits played on the flat screen sitting above the fireplace, I imagined what would have happened had Alder and Sonny made it back safely from spring break, and Weston wouldn't have been able to stop them from carrying out their plan. Gina wouldn't have noticed that I'd gone to prom, much less done anything in my defense if I'd come home covered in whatever they had doused me with.

Once the cast members gathered to say good night and the credits rolled, Julianne yawned and checked her cell phone. She tapped the screen and then stood. "Sam will be home in twenty minutes. I'm going to hop on the treadmill until then."

"I was going to...is it all right if I take a drive?"

She tilted her head a bit, confused by my request, and then realization settled on her face. "Down Ferguson Street?"

I pulled my mouth to the side. I couldn't lie to her. "Yes. I thought I should check on Gina."

She swallowed. "Just promise to call if things get weird."

"I promise. The worst thing she's ever done is ignore me."

Julianne's face fell, and she nodded before leaning down to kiss my forehead. "Be safe."

I sat in my red BMW with the lights and engine off, parked where Weston's Chevy had been parked following the first time he'd taken me to our overpass. That seemed like an entire lifetime ago. Now, here I sat, in my designer jean shorts and expensive car, working up the courage to knock on the door of the house I used to fantasize about leaving behind.

Gina's rusted white Malibu was parked with its front bumper touching the garage sitting at the back of the property, hidden in the shadows left by the streetlight. Two lines of patchy gravel made up the drive, and an uneven broken sidewalk led to the porch.

I gripped my keys in my hand and pushed my way outside of the car to the street. "Screw it," I said, slamming the door behind me.

The steps felt like tar beneath my feet as I tried to climb them. I slowed to a halt at the top of the stairs, four feet from the broken screen door. Music was playing inside, but my heartbeat replaced the usual bass throbbing through the walls, rattling my rib cage with each pulse.

My sweaty hand formed a fist, and I rapped against the Plexiglas, the aluminum frame shuddering with each knock. After a few excruciating seconds, I tried again, but nothing happened. It was late. I could have been one of her meth head friends, but she wasn't coming to the door. She must have already passed out.

Without letting myself think too much about it, I turned the knob. She had no one to check on her anymore to make sure she hadn't gone too far, to make sure she had come home at all, or to make sure she had food in the fridge. I swallowed, afraid of what might be on the other side of the door, shaken to the core by the thought of the state she might be in.

"Gina?" I called, stepping on the thirty-year-old brown calico carpet.

Still, I found nothing. She wasn't on the couch, so she must either be in bed or have her head in the toilet. I guessed it was the former since the house didn't have that familiar stench of vomit and stale beer from when she'd drunk too much.

"It's Erin. Gina?" I called again. The smallness of my voice was even more frightening than Gina's unexpected absence from the living room.

I reached back and fingered the rectangular bulge in my back pocket. Julianne had said to call if anything got weird, but the problem with that was, anything concerning Gina was weird in comparison with life at the Alderman home.

The bathroom door creaked as I pushed it open. The light was off, and the small room was empty. The sink was so different than the expansive countertop space of my current bathroom at the Aldermans'. Gina's was covered in grime, rust, and water stains. The faucet dripped, the shower curtain was mildewed, and the floor hadn't been swept since I left.

Down the hallway, I knocked quietly on Gina's door. "It's Erin," I said just loud enough for her to hear. "I need to talk to you."

After several seconds without an answer, I pushed open the door. The hinges whined while I squinted to see through the darkness.

Finally resorting to flipping on the light, I called her name again. The bright bulb revealed a messy empty bed with worn floral sheets she'd bought at the thrift shop when I was nine.

Rhythmic tapping on the air-conditioning unit in the window signaled a light rain. I hovered in the doorway, arguing with myself about where to search for her next.

Is Gina sitting in her car, and I missed it?

I flipped off the light and shut her door, and then I stood in the hallway, catching the slit of light coming from my former bedroom. Even though it took just four or five steps to reach the knob, it seemed like miles. My finger tapped on the painted wood, and the door slowly backed away from me, revealing Gina sitting alone on what used to be my bed.

Chapter Three

THE ENTIRE ROOM HAD BEEN CLEANED, the bed had been made, and the green shag that was the carpet had been tamed by the vacuum.

Gina was still in her grocery store apron, her name tag hanging crooked. Her frizzy blonde bangs had been curled under and sprayed into place. She looked up at me but didn't seem surprised.

"What are you doing in here?" I asked.

She shrugged. "Do you got any cigs?"

I shook my head. "How have you...how have you been?"

She laughed once, seeming to just notice the raindrops on the window. "It wasn't supposed to rain tonight."

"That's Oklahoma for ya. If you don't like the weather, wait a day, and it'll change."

"My dad used to say that."

Her words took me aback. That was the first time I'd ever heard her mention my grandfather or any family in general.

"Did he?" I asked, leaning my head against the doorjamb.

She didn't answer.

"Do you have anyone, Gina? Not your drug dealer. Do you have any family to talk to?"

"You were the only one who would talk to me after..." She looked out the window. "And it turns out, you're not even family." She thought about that for a moment. "Not that you had a reason to talk to me anyhow."

"I know what happened."

She laughed once. "I'm surprised you didn't hear before."

"It wasn't fair. You were just a kid. You were left to handle it all alone."

"And I did the same to you," she said, staring at the floor.

"Have you talked to anyone? About everything? Anything?" I asked.

She shook her head.

I lifted my head from the wood frame of the door and walked over to the bed. She warily watched me. I sat next to her.

"Talk to me," I said.

She searched my eyes and waited for the cruelty that she'd-that we both had-become so accustomed to over the years.

"I don't even remember how to anymore," she said.

"Well...how do you feel about it?"

"How do I feel?"

"Are you mad? Relieved? Sad?"

Her head slowly moved from side to side, and then her eyes glossed over. "I got no one. It's hard to feel anything when there's no one to notice."

"I noticed."

She stood but kept her eyes on the floor. "If you came here to make me feel guilty-"

I shook my head, also standing. "No. I didn't. I came here to...it wasn't fair-how Harry left you all alone when you were young and pregnant or how they treated you."

She snarled her lip. "I'll be damned if he didn't end up spending time with his own kid, and that bitch opened the door wide open for her. The irony of all of this is the best part." The smug grin on her face melted away, and she finally looked up at me. "Not for you. I saw your new car. They're busy making up for the years you got stuck with me, huh?"

"Making up for lost time."

"It's okay. You don't have to lie to me. I know what I've done."

"No one has clean hands. We've all made mistakes. But I just wanted you to know that I know, that they know. Everyone knows, but not everyone blames you, Gina. You're not the villain in this story."

"I ain't exactly the victim either."

"Then, stop acting like it."

She craned her neck at me, but then her thoughts were turned inward, her eyes losing focus.

"We've both got a clean slate now. I just thought you should know."

Gina's lips made a hard line, guilt softening the wrinkles around her eyes. "I shoulda known you weren't my daughter. But if the accident hadn't ever happened, I would definitely know now. You comin' here to say all this after the way I've been to you? You're all Julianne. You've always been better 'an me, better 'an this filth." Her eyes crawled up the walls to the water stains on the ceiling, and then she looked back to me. "You look pretty."

"Thank you," I said. "Do you want to ride with me? I'll buy you a carton of cigarettes."

She shook her head. "Nah. I need to quit anyway. I need to quit a lot of things. Clean slate, right?"

I offered a small smile. "Right."

I hadn't tried to hug Gina since I was a girl, and I didn't suspect she'd be open to it now either, so I walked to my car without looking back. With each step, I left behind any rejection or blame that had piled up over the years.

Parked behind the BMW was Weston's red Chevy, and he was leaning against my door with his arms folded across his chest.

"You okay?" he asked, opening his arms. They were glistening, wet from the rain, along with his clothes and the parts of his hair poking out from his ball cap.

I sank into him, closing my eyes, and his grip tightened, his fingers pressing gently into the small of my back.

"I'm good," I said, surprised that it was true.

"Yeah?"

I looked up at him. "Yeah. How did you..."

He shrugged. "Julianne might have told me where you were going."

I grinned. "C'mon, I'll follow you home."

I pressed the unlock button on my remote, and he opened the driver's door, pecking my cheek before I sat in the seat. He shut the door, and in the side mirror, I watched him jog back to his truck.

My car seemed to breathe every time the wipers swished across the windshield, clearing away the tiny splashes of water the sky was spitting down on Blackwell. The wet brakes groaned as I slowly pulled into the drive, simultaneously reaching for the visor to press the garage door button. As soon as the rear tires passed the threshold, the rapid tapping of the large raindrops silenced.

Weston parked behind my car and left the engine running. He slammed his door and jogged to stand next to me. He took off his ball cap and shook out his hair.

I held up my hands and giggled. "You're supposed to be resting."

"You're supposed to be studying."

"I learned a few things," I said, intertwining my fingers behind his neck.

"What was that anyway? Closure?"

"Sort of." I shrugged. "I don't know. Some people need at least one person to be nice to them-even if it's just once."

"She wasn't nice to you."

"I didn't need her to be."

He put his hands in his pockets. "Even when you thought she was your mom?"

"I've told you, I never felt like she was my mom. I can't explain it. I just knew. And I think she knew, too."

"Doesn't excuse the way she raised you."

For the first time, I saw the anger Weston had for Gina flash in his eyes. He took it personally. Weston had loved me from afar while I had been ignored in my own home. It had been harder for him to watch than it had been for me to endure.

"You're right. It's no excuse. But I can't keep living in that house, Weston. It's time to pack up all that anger and misunderstanding and say good-bye."

"So, that's it? You're just over it?"

"I don't want to hang on to it. You shouldn't either."

"You shouldn't forgive so easily." He frowned. "Me, most of all."

"For what?" I asked.

"For letting you go so long without knowing you were loved."

The door leading inside the house opened. Sam and Julianne stood there, wearing robes and worried expressions.

"She's home safe. It's all good," Weston called to them.

Sam waved. "You get home safe, too."

"Will do," he said, throwing two fingers and a thumb in the air. "Good night," he whispered in my ear. "If I'm lucky, I'll see you tomorrow."

"You're lucky," I said.

"Yes, ma'am, I am." He leaned down for a kiss entirely too intimate for Sam and Julianne to witness, and then he walked back out into the rain. He climbed into his truck, backed out of the drive, and then disappeared around the corner. The Gates' house was so close that I could hear his engine muffle and then turn off after he'd parked in the garage.

Sam went into the house, and Julianne moved to the side, holding out her arm. We walked inside and down the hallway together, and she followed me upstairs to my bedroom.

I sighed the moment I stepped into my room.

"How did it go?" She stood in the doorway with her head leaned against the doorjamb like I had done at Gina's.

"It was good. Weston called it closure."

"Is that what you call it?" she asked. There was a break in her voice.

She was afraid-afraid that she would lose me again. But it wouldn't be like Julianne to discourage me in any way to stay away from Gina. She would never ask me to sever ties even if she thought keeping a relationship with my former mother could be hurtful. It wasn't because Julianne wouldn't stand up for me, but because from the beginning, she had made it clear that she would support me in only the best way she knew how. I loved her most for that. She hadn't swept in, expecting to mother me. Her love for me was quiet and reserved but whole-the same way I loved her.

"Yes," I said.

Julianne's shoulders relaxed, and she smiled. With her mother's intuition, she could tell I didn't have more to say. "Okay, sweetheart. Sleep tight."

"Night." I waited until she shut the door before stripping off my clothes and walking into the clean bathroom with the shiny faucet that didn't drip.

The shower knob turned easily, and I stepped under the hot spray, relaxing as the room filled with steam. I couldn't change the years I'd spent alone, but they didn't matter anymore. I was surrounded by love. It followed me, worried about me, and waited up for me, and I would have it for the rest of my life.

Once I was washed, shaved, and lotioned, I combed the tangles from my wet hair and changed into a nightgown. The sheets smelled of fabric softener and the sophisticated soft scent that was unique to Sam and Julianne.

My cell phone illuminated, and I palmed it as I relaxed my head on the pillow.

I want to come over.

I smiled and then tapped out a reply.

You just left.

So?

You're crazy.

Just about you.

I set the phone on the nightstand and looked up at the stain-free ceiling, taking a deep breath. I was still unable to believe how my luck had completely changed.

The next morning, I went to school, feeling like a piece of me that had been broken was now put back together. In my heart and mind, I'd forgiven Gina, and she knew that I'd forgiven her. Every ending had made it that much easier to emerge myself into a beginning-one that had started with Weston.

He had arrived earlier than me, but he was waiting in his truck. I parked my car on the driver's side of his Chevy, and I tried to subdue a smile as I watched him eagerly jump out to greet me.

When I closed my door, he was there, wrapping his arms around me, and with a single kiss, he showed the entire school he loved me. "Good morning, quiet bee."

"Quiet...bee?"

"I've texted you, like, five times."

"I was driving."

"It took you half an hour to get to school?"

"No."

He thought about that for a minute, his eyes falling to the cement. The thin skin beneath them was purple.

"You look tired," I said.

"Probably because I had to follow my girlfriend late at night to make sure she was okay," he said, intertwining his long fingers in mine.

The morning air was already warm, and he must have left his letterman's jacket in his truck as he was wearing only a white T-shirt and jeans. He tugged me along, but I stopped him.

"Are you feeling better?"

"Yeah," he said with a grin. He looked to his left and then yanked me toward him, away from the main drive.

A mid-nineties Caprice rolled over the second speed bump without even a tap on the brakes.

We stood in the middle of the sidewalk. Students weren't watching where they were going while walking on each side of us because they were looking back at Weston and me for signs of conflict.

"How much better?" I asked, touching his jaw.

He looked around and took my hand away from his face, holding my knuckles against his chest. "Babe, I'm fine." When I didn't respond, he continued, "You're probably not going to trust me for a while when I say that, but I've had asthma for as long as I can remember. I've never let it hold me back, and I especially won't now that I've got so much to stick around for." He gently squeezed my fingers. "Don't you believe me?"

"Yes, and that's what worries me. I just want you to be careful. You've made me a lot of promises that I expect you to keep."

He pulled my hand to his mouth and spoke against my skin, "I plan on making you a few more." He chuckled and tugged on me again. "I'm really okay, Erin. C'mon, we're going to be late."

The moment I sat down in Biology, Brady and Brendan began whispering, and my walls immediately went up. As soon as the comments about Weston being a pussy floated from their table, it was almost easy to ignore them, but to my surprise, Sara flipped around and gripped the back of her chair.

"He could have died, you jerks! Shut up!"

Brady glared at her, incredulous.

He opened his mouth, but Lisa Kahle from one table over spoke first, "No, really. Shut up. It was serious, and you two using it to harass Erin is beyond low."

Brady's eyes shifted between the two girls. He was still planning to shoot off his mouth until Mrs. Merit walked in, breathless and tired.

"Okay, we've got a big chapter this week, and I'm sure you all want to finish up, so you won't have homework on prom weekend. Open your books to page three-oh-three."

I opened my book and glanced up at Sara. Her eyes met mine, and we both shared an appreciative small smile.

The rest of the day was fairly uneventful, except for the questions about Weston.

When I sat down in Health, Weston leaned forward over his desk, coming up off of his chair to hug me to him, my back pressing gently against my chair. He clasped his hands together at my chest and pecked my cheek.

"All right," Coach Morris said, looking up from his planner. "Have a seat, Gates."

The classroom erupted in chuckles, and Weston sat back in his chair. I turned to look at him, and he winked at me, trying to hold back his beaming grin.

Between each class, Weston would meet me at my locker, chattering like he'd had a gallon of coffee. I'd never seen him so carefree.

Before Art though, he was notably absent when I dialed my combination. When I opened the metal door, an oversized sticky note was stuck to the inside.

YOU'RE ALL THE BREATH I NEED.

LOVE ALWAYS,

WESTON

I pulled the sticky note away from the metal and held it in my palm. Tears burned my eyes, but I didn't think of the Dairy Queen stock or how many scoops of MandM's to put in a Blizzard to ward them off. Two teardrops fell down my cheeks, and I didn't even bother to wipe them away. For the first time, I was crying happy tears.

I slipped my arms through the straps of my backpack and walked to class. Weston was sitting in his usual stool at my desk. He hadn't moved it since the first time he sat there. That was back when we had tried to be just friends, and he'd wanted to show me his project-the project that had inspired the silver heart hanging from the matching chain around my neck.

At first sight of my wet cheeks, Weston's expression twisted into concern, but then I turned the sticky note for him to see. I threw my arms around him, and he hugged me back, squeezing that little bit extra that he always did, while gently pressing his cheek against my ear. When I pulled away, he used his thumbs to wipe away the moisture under my eyes.

"That was supposed to make you smile."

I laughed, wiping my eyes again. "I am smiling."

"You had me worried there for a second."

I leaned in, whispering, "I just love being loved by you. That's all."

"Get used to it," he said, pulling me to sit on the stool next to him.

Chapter Four

MRS. CUP BREEZED IN. "Everyone's here?" she asked. Her eyes bounced around the room. "Where are Josh and Noah?"

Zack looked around. "They're already on their way."

She paused and smiled. "Oh, those boys." She nodded. "Okay then, we'll see them soon. Let's get going. Everyone has a ride? Yes?"

Weston and I walked out to the parking lot together. On our way to the mural, Weston followed me even though I was trailing behind everyone else, certainly slower than he liked to drive. He pulled up next to me at a stoplight and rolled down his window. His radio was blaring, and his head was bobbing to the music. He winked at me.

"Hey, beautiful. Nice ride."

I shook my head and laughed.

"What are you doing this weekend?"

"Prom."

"Oh, yeah? Do you have a date?"

"I sure do."

"Wanna go with me instead?"

"You're awfully cute, but I'm going with my boyfriend."

"He must be dang amazing to have snagged you."

I shot him a look. "Are you complimenting yourself or me?"

He threw his head back and howled with laughter. The light turned green, and I pushed on the accelerator. He sped up and pulled into my lane just before we reached the pizza place.

With an arched eyebrow, Mrs. Cup watched us amble over to the brick wall. "Why are you two always last to get here?"

Weston pointed at me. "It's her fault."

My mouth fell open.

He was leaned over, holding his knees, his whole body shuddering with laughter.

Mrs. Cup waited for an answer.

"I just started driving. I'm nervous...and slow."

She glared at Weston and then looked back to me before walking over to her supplies and handing us each a paintbrush. Weston followed me to our spot before dipping his brush into a bucket labeled Saddle Soap Brown.

Weston began chuckling again, and I craned my neck at him.

"What is up with you? You have dark circles under your eyes, and you act like you're huffing Mountain Dew."

"I'm in a good mood. I was also prescribed a new bronchodilator. That probably has something to do with it. Are you working tonight?"

"Yep," I said, swirling my brush in the paint and standing to wait for what he might say next.

"So, if I do this"-he karate-chopped the air with his paintbrush, sending brown paint splattering down my front-"everyone will think it's chocolate?"

I flinched. Wet spatters of paint had speckled my face, and when I looked down, I saw the haphazard spots of paint that had made a perfect line from my neck to my jeans.

"Weston Gates!" Mrs. Cup yelled.

Instinctively, I dipped my brush into the bucket and flicked it at Weston, creating an identical line of Saddle Soap down his front.

"Erin Eas-Alderman!" Mrs. Cup shrieked.

The entire class erupted in laughter, shrill screams, and low yells as a paint fight broke out.

"No! Stop! Stop!" Mrs. Cup yelled, waving her hands in the air.

Chasing one another, we slapped the air with our brushes, slinging paint, and we mixed the different colors as we dipped our brushes in whatever bucket was closest.

"Not the mural! Stay away from the mural!" Mrs. Cup cried, standing between the brick wall and us.

We kept the battle in the parking lot, away from the mural, but then Mrs. Cup's eyes widened, and she ran to the other side, holding up her arms.

"Not the cars! Stay away from the vehicles! Stop! Stop this!"

We all paused, breathing heavily and smiling, looking like melted bags of Skittles.

"Detention! All of you!" Mrs. Cup said, heaving out each word. She let her hands fall to her sides. "How are you all even going to get back into your vehicles without making a mess?"

"I can't go to detention. I have to work." I looked to Weston.

He only offered an apologetic shrug.

"You're all walking back to school. Go. Now." Mrs. Cup pointed south, and we all let out a deflated sigh.

We were only a quarter of the way back when the after-school traffic began to whiz by. Mrs. Cup followed the class, making sure we stayed together and went straight to the school. Once our classmates recognized us, an opus of honking and playful taunts commenced.

Beads of sweat formed along Weston's hairline, and his cheeks flushed.

"You okay?" I said quietly.

"Yeah," he said in a dismissive tone. The spark that had lit his eyes all day was gone.

"Weston-"

"I'm getting tired, but I'm good. I swear."

I nodded, taking his hand in mine. Even though he was a head taller, I could feel him leaning on me for support. "This is stupid. You shouldn't exhaust yourself."

"Erin-"

"No," I said, pulling out my phone. I sent a text to Julianne, explaining the situation and Weston's appearance.

She immediately sent a message back, saying she would be right there.

"Mrs. Cup?" I said, turning to face her.

She pointed for me to continue. "Keep walking, Erin."

"I understand you're upset, and you're right. We all deserve detention. But Weston was hospitalized this weekend, and he's not feeling well. I don't think he should walk all the way back to school."

Mrs. Cup stiffened. "Oh, Lord, that's right. I'm sorry, Weston." She looked around.

"The Dairy Queen is right there," I said. "I work there. I can get him cooled off. I texted my mom. She's coming."

Mrs. Cup nodded. "Just...be careful crossing the street."

I nodded and pulled Weston along. The sun glared on the blacktop of the Dairy Queen parking lot. Frankie was standing in the window, and she turned on her heels. She met us in the back, holding the door open.

"I'll be greased Jesus. What happened to him?" she asked, her eyes wide.

"He got too hot, I think," I said. I tossed Frankie my phone. "Text Julianne. Tell her where we are."

Frankie nodded, shutting the door behind her.

"You are making way too big of a deal out of this," Weston said.

"Who cares?" I said, dipping a rag in ice-cold water and wiping his face.

He recoiled at the freezing cloth against his skin.

"I'll make you an extra-tall cherry dip cone, and then you can forgive me," I said with a cheesy grin.

Weston managed a tired chuckle.

"That's not a bad idea. Maybe his sugar is low," Frankie said, already holding a cone under the soft-serve machine. She dipped a tower of vanilla, complete with a perfect curl on top, into the vat of cherry dip-cone sauce, and she handed it to Weston.

He chomped off the top and hummed his satisfaction. "Way better than detention," he said with a mouthful.

By the time Julianne walked in, Weston's color had already returned.

"Hey, guys," she said, grabbing Weston's wrist. She stared down at her watch and then smiled up at him half a minute later. "Pulse is good."

"Erin forced me to eat ice cream and rest instead of going to detention," Weston said, seeming sleepy. "I should break up with her."

"Does detention have anything to do with the fact that you're covered in paint?" Julianne asked, leaning her head a bit as she focused on Weston's pupils.

Frankie crossed her arms. "I was going to ask about that."

The drive-through speaker beeped, and Frankie stood next to the window, greeting the customer while still watching us.

I winced under Julianne's expectant eyes. "We sort of started a paint fight at the mural."

"You did?" Julianne asked, her voice going up an octave.

"I did," Weston said, holding his dip cone high in the air. "She just retaliated."

Julianne covered her mouth, trying not to laugh. She smoothed her features and then stood tall. "All right, Weston, I'm taking you to Dr. Briggs's office to get you checked out. Your mom is going to meet us there." She turned to me. "Are you working or going to detention?"

I looked at Frankie.

"Just come after," she said.

"Thanks," I said. "I'm afraid if I don't go, Mrs. Cup might go to more extreme measures. I don't want to end up getting suspended."

"Come on," Julianne said, leading us outside.

"I really don't need to go to the doctor," Weston said, seeming disgusted at the thought.

"Tell your mom that," Julianne said.

She took me to my car, still parked at the mural. Lethargic and unhappy, Weston gave me a peck on the cheek before he drove away with Julianne.

When I walked into detention, Mrs. Cup stood. "How's Weston?"

"Jul-my mom took him to see Dr. Briggs just to make sure he's okay."

Mrs. Cup nodded, sitting back down at her desk. She sank back into her chair as if the guilt would sneak up and swallow her at any moment.

After another half an hour, Mrs. Cup released us, and I rushed out to my car. I drove a few miles per hour faster than usual to get to work.

Frankie was swamped when I got there, and I quickly tied on my apron and opened my window.

"You look a little silly, wearing an apron when you're covered in paint," Frankie said, chomping on a wad of gum.

"Probably," I said before taking an order from the small boy at my window.

Once the rush died down, Frankie began the task of cleaning up the mess we'd made. I grabbed a rag and helped. We scrubbed down the chocolate syrup and strawberry sauce and then wiped the candies away. A strange, unfamiliar feeling came over me, like I had been dropped into a dream I'd once had.

"What?" Frankie asked.

"Nothing," I said.

She made a face. "I haven't seen you in however long, and you're holding out on me? Really?"

"It'll sound awful if I say it out loud."

"Do it anyway."

I sighed. "It feels weird to be here."

Her expression twisted into something I'd only seen when the Erins were around. "Weird, as in you haven't been here in a while and you're out of practice? Or weird, as in you're too good to be here?"

"Frankie!" I whined.

After the flush on her cheeks changed from pink to bright red, she turned away from me, took a breath, and then faced me again. "I'm sorry. You warned me, but I still wasn't prepared."

"Is that really what you think of me?"

"Maybe I'm just waiting for you to turn into Alder. Just...so much has changed for you in a short amount of time, but everything is still the same for me. It's jarring."

"I agree," I said, that annoying whine still in my voice. I tried to stop, but every time my mouth opened, I sounded like a spoiled brat.

It was no wonder she felt like I was turning into Alder. I sounded a bit like her in that moment.

Frankie cocked her head and blew her bangs away from her face. "I know. You're right," she said, shaking her head. "Your whole world is spinning, and I'm feeling sorry for myself because you have a gallon of paint on your hundred-dollar jeans, and you haven't even mentioned it."

I looked down. "These aren't that expensive, are they?"

She nodded.

Horrified, I stared at the Skittles-colored denim. "Why didn't Julianne say anything?"

"She bought them for you?" Frankie deadpanned. "Of course she did. You've been shopping at the secondhand store your entire life, like the rest of us. Why did I think you'd know what you were wearing?"

"How do I get paint out of jeans?" I asked, scrambling to wet a clean rag. It was too late though. The paint had dried.

"So, what is it like, not having to worry about anything?" Frankie tried to cover the bitterness in her voice but failed.

"I still have worries. Sam and Julianne still have worries. They're just different."

"How so?"

"Basically, they're the same worries you have, except for paying for things. They worry about me. They worry about the future, about their friends, about work-stuff like that. Having money doesn't make the hard stuff go away."

"Wait for it," she said, holding up one finger. "I might be shedding a tear for rich people everywhere."

I threw my rag at her, trying not to smile. "What I meant by what I said earlier was that my life has been split in two-then and now. This was a huge part of my life before Sam and Julianne."

"And Weston?"

"No. He's the only thing that's part of both. He's the bridge that carried me over."

"You did the carrying today."

"I owed him one-or fifty."

We continued cleaning, only waiting on a half-dozen customers before closing time.

"Ride?" Frankie asked, for old times' sake.

"No, thank you," I said without mentioning the obvious.

"Adios, bitchachos!"

I waved to her and sat in my car, laughing once and shaking my head. I pushed the ignition button, and the engine growled awake. I wasn't scheduled to work again until after graduation, and even though I was going to miss Frankie and the Dairy Queen, it wasn't my safe haven anymore. That was now my house, my parents, and Weston. Those all made me feel protected and secure.

Thoughts of Weston, Sam and Julianne, Gina, Frankie, and how much everything had changed swirled in my mind as I drove home, but it was no accident that I bypassed the Aldermans' house and went straight to the Gates' home.

Weston's truck was parked in the street. The days were getting longer, so the setting sun was casting pink and orange hues onto his cherry-red paint. I crawled up into the bed of the truck and popped the lid off the cooler in the back. After sloshing my hand through the ice water, I settled on a Fanta Orange. I pulled the can out and then plunged my dripping hand in for another.

The neighbors must have gotten a new puppy because a small German shepherd bounced and barked behind the fence next door as I followed the curved sidewalk connecting the drive to the front door. I hadn't been this way too many times. I usually came through the garage with Weston.

The lit doorbell button blinked when I pushed it, and cathedral-like bells began to ring in a formal melody. A few moments later, Veronica opened the door with a warm smile and tired eyes. After a second of recognition, she took a step back, opening the door wider, and gestured for me to come in.

"He's downstairs," she said, looking down at my paint-covered clothing.

"It's dry," I promised.

"I should hope so." Amusement undermined her efforts to retain a scolding tone.

She cupped her hip with her palm and shook her head as I walked past. I easily navigated the path to the finished basement. With each downward step, familiar fluttering in my stomach amplified. It wasn't gravity pulling me down the stairs. It was an irrefutable force that had been borne in the bed of a red Chevy truck and fostered in a pair of emerald-green eyes. I wondered if the light-headedness that came over me when I was about to see Weston would ever stop feeling quite so powerful, and it occurred to me how devastated I would be if that day ever came.

Halfway down the steps, Weston's face came into view. He was sitting on the couch, his torso twisted, his back facing a paused episode of a reality show. His elbow pinned down a small throw pillow next to him. He was paint-free, his skin shiny and red from scrubbing.

"Hey," he said, watching me walk all the way to the front of the couch.

Before I could respond, he grabbed me and pulled me down until my back landed on the cushions. He planted a warm wet kiss on my mouth. His hands were beneath me, squeezing my body against his, while he searched my mouth with his tongue. I knotted my fingers in his hair and parted my knees, letting him settle in between them.

When he finally pulled away, we were both breathless.

"Sorry," he said, his eyes still focused on my raw lips.

"What was that about?"

"You smell like ice cream," he said simply, brushing a piece of hair from my face.

"How do you feel?" I asked.

The hunger in his eyes flattened, and he sat up with a frustrated sigh. "Fine, Erin."

My body followed him with my hands perched behind me. "What did I say?"

He looked over at me, and then his expression softened. "I've been asked that about a hundred times today."

"What happened?"

"Something about dehydration from the new bronchodilator. It happens to a fraction of a percentage of people. Just a freak occurrence. I'm really fine. Two bags of saline, and I'm golden."

"Two bags?" I noted the evidence on his hand-a Band-Aid partly covering a new bruise.

Weston targeted the corner of the room where the wall met the ceiling, his jaw flitting under his five o'clock shadow.

"Why are you so angry with me?"

"I just want to talk about normal stuff. You make me feel like an invalid. I'm not dying."

"I can't be concerned? You were taken to the hospital by an ambulance a couple of days ago."

"So?" he snapped.

I stiffened. "I'm not taking anyone's shit anymore, remember? Not even yours."

My words made him pause, and he craned his neck, turning slow in my direction. His eyes were round spheres, wide with disbelief. "Who crapped on your cracker?"

"You! I expected a little crankiness, but you're giving me whiplash."

He thought about that for a moment and then sighed, rubbing his temples with his thumb and middle finger. "Wow. I just took the last few days out on you, didn't I?"

"Do you even have to ask?" I said, arching an eyebrow.

He peeked over at me and then chuckled. "Not that I don't love you like this, babe, but you're a little testy today."

"I'm testy?" My voice shot up an octave. "I'm testy," I deadpanned, looking forward.

A stifled laugh burst from Weston's lips, and then it grew into a full-blown cackle. He pulled me next to him and kissed just behind my ear. "I just got a glimpse of our forever, and it's kind of amazing."

He was fighting dirty. How can I stay mad at him when he says things like that?

He wedged his fingers between mine, and then his fingertips touched the top of my hand with the tiniest bit of pressure. He squeezed his shoulder between the couch and me, and then he looked up at me with knowing eyes. "You still with me on Saturday?"

"Do you still want me to be with you?"

He shook his head as if my question was disappointing. "I wish I needed you to breathe, Erin. Then, you'd be with me half as much as I wanted."

He mirrored my appreciative smile, kissed my hand, and then settled against the couch cushion before clicking the button on the DVR remote.

Chapter Five

"MOTHER BEAR," Frankie said, breathing out the words.

Julianne held her hand over her heart with an equally shocked look on her face. They were both watching as I walked out of my bathroom in my blush-colored gown.

I stood in front of the full-length mirror. "I can't breathe," I said.

"Is it too tight?" Julianne said, walking over to help. "It's not even zipped yet."

"No, I just..."

"You're stunning," Julianne said with glossy eyes. She lifted the zipper and then smoothed a russet stray that had escaped from the low side bun the hairstylist had pinned after spending half an hour curling my hair.

It's for body, she had said. Trust me.

"Weston is going to pee himself," Frankie said. She snorted, amused with whatever image was in her mind.

"No, because Sam mentioned Weston's been to the bathroom at least four times since he arrived," Julianne said.

"He's nervous?" I asked.

"Terrified," she said with a wink and a mischievous grin.

I turned one more time to make sure the see-through fabric on the back of the dress stopped high enough on my lower back, reaching back to feel the jewels I could reach.

"Stop," Frankie said. "Nothing shows that's not supposed to. No one could say a single negative thing about you in this dress."

My lips were tinted pink and glossed, my lashes were long and black, and my cheeks blushed to match my dress. Julianne had had Emmy, a makeup artist from the next town, come over and spend an exorbitant amount of time painting my face. I looked like me but the cover model version of me.

"Well?" Julianne said. "Your Sam is downstairs with the camera. Veronica has hers, too. What do you say we head that way?"

"If I can make it down in these shoes," I said, walking carefully over to her.

She took my hand and led me down the hall. Before I reached the top of the stairs, Julianne and Frankie passed by me and hurried down, so they could stand and witness my very possible tumble down the stairs. I gripped the banister and took the first step. I heard a few excited whispers until I came into view, and then there was a collective gasp. Julianne grabbed Veronica's arm with excitement even though she was trying to snap pictures.

Weston looked up at me from under his brow, but he was unreadable. His expression didn't move an inch. He just stared at me until I stepped off the last stair. When I joined him, he took a deep breath.

"Well?" Peter said, elbowing his son.

Weston opened his mouth to speak, but nothing came out, so he just shook his head.

Everyone chuckled around us.

Weston opened a plastic container and slid a wrist corsage over my left hand. The pink roses matched the boutonniere I would pin to his lapel. Sam handed me the boutonniere I'd picked up the night before. It was still cold from being in the refrigerator. The inside of the clear container had fogged in places, and the small droplets of perspiration matched the shiny beads that had formed near Weston's hairline.

After dozens of pictures-inside, outside, inside again, with the parents, with each other, and standing by the white limo Weston had promised-I finally ducked my head and stepped into the vehicle. The driver, Louis, shut the door after Weston had settled in next to me.

"I've never been in a limo before," I said, glancing around the interior.

The leather bench we were sitting on could fit maybe three people, but the bench seat opposite us spanned nearly the whole length of the limo. The dark tint on the windows blocked out the sun, and the rope lighting edging the ceiling turned every shade of color imaginable in a slow cycle. On the passenger side was a line of tumbler glasses and wine glasses sitting in cutout circles next to a bucketful of ice. I wasn't sure what the driver had thought two high school kids would use the ice for.

To munch on?

"Me either," Weston said.

"Really?"

He shrugged. "I took the Huttons' convertible last year. It was too nerve-racking. This is much better."

Last year, Weston had gone to prom with Alder. I had been working, but I had seen all the fancy cars and limos passing the Dairy Queen as they'd followed the main drag toward the high school. I recalled seeing Weston and Alder in that shiny white convertible. Neither of them had been smiling, and I'd wondered what the conversation would be like when sitting next to Weston Gates on the way to prom.

I was getting ready to find out.

"What was it like last year?"

"Lame," he said with a smile.

"Then, why did you want to go this year?"

"Because you said yes."

I pulled my mouth to the side and shook my head, picking at the fake white nail tips on the ends of my fingers. They were bugging me, and they had been since noon when Julianne had taken me to get a mani-pedi. It was a mystery to me why women would glue these things to their fingernails. My hands had been fairly useless for most of the day even though I'd asked for the tips to be cut down as short as possible.

"You are always beautiful, but I love the dress and everything else," Weston said, squeezing my hand.

"I like your suit and tie."

Both were black, but the suit was tailored, the pant legs fitting narrower than the slacks Sam or Peter would wear to work. Weston's shaggy brown hair was a couple of inches shorter than usual, but it wasn't gelled down and matted to his head like most of the boys would do when they played dress-up. It looked soft, and I sort of wanted to run my fingers through it.

Weston's eyes settled on me with such affection that the blood beneath my cheeks caught fire. I wrapped my arms around his bicep and leaned against his side. His lips touched my temple once and then again.

"This isn't the last time we'll be in fancy clothes in the back of a limo," he whispered.

I knew what he meant. He liked to allude to our future a lot, and although it both excited me and scared me to death, I was enjoying the quiet moment we were having. Our neighborhood wasn't far from the high school, so we only had a few precious minutes alone before we would step out onto the sidewalk beside the auditorium in front of most of the town for the Grand March.

I gripped his arm tighter, trying to hold on to the moment.

Mistaking it for nerves, Weston covered my hand with his. "Relax. We're just making a memory. All you have to do is enjoy it."

"I already am."

Too soon, the limo slowed, and the door opened.

Lisa Kahle's dad held the door, a welcoming smile on his face. He was one of many fathers who were acting as valets, directing the limos and parking the various convertibles and even a combine for prom goers. "Come on out," he said, stepping aside.

Weston crawled out from his seat and stood on the concrete of the school parking lot before offering his arm. I climbed out and hooked my arm around his, and together, we walked around the limo.

"Oh God," I whispered.

Hundreds of people were lined on each side of the walkway leading to the commons area where prom was held every year. Flashes and clicking that would rival any group of paparazzi commenced before we even took a step. Parents, grandparents, siblings, and underclassmen were stacked five rows deep behind the taped-off walkway.

With his other hand, Weston patted mine. I relaxed my death grip, realizing my fingers had been digging into his arm. We paused for pictures, and then Lisa's dad gestured for us to continue.

Weston led me to the next stop where dozens of people raised their phones, cameras, and video cameras. The flashes blinked like strobe lights. I was so glad Weston had done this before even though I didn't want to think about it.

"It's okay, Erin. I promise," he said. He smiled for the cameras and then leaned down to peck my cheek.

The people taking pictures around us went into a frenzy then, and it didn't feel like they were documenting something they thought was cute. It felt like evidence for something to talk about later.

"This is awful. Why do people do this?" I said through my teeth as I forced a smile.

Weston chuckled and then led me forward to the next stopping point. We walked slowly, and I let my mind fall away from worrying about so many eyes on us. Instead, I began concentrating on walking in high heels. The pictures made me uncomfortable, but falling in front of everyone would be much worse.

It took a little more than ten minutes to reach the main building, but it felt like ten hours. Just after we turned the corner, Peter, Veronica, Sam, and Julianne came into view. Julianne touched Sam's arm before lifting her camera to snap pictures. Her eyes glossed over, and Veronica took a few pictures of her own before squeezing Julianne to her side.

They all waved to us before the door swept open, and Weston and I stepped inside. The lights were dim, and the music coming from the DJ's speakers in the corner was loud and upbeat.

One path to the tables was lined with red lights and pointed glowing faux flames, resembling a river of lava. Another pathway was blue with white twinkling lights and translucent spikes of pretend ice. The fire side half of the room had tables covered in red or black tablecloths, and the walls were draped in red fabric. The other side featured tables decorated in white or baby blue, and white satin-like material cascaded from the ceiling to the floor, shining like glaciers. In the center of the room was a huge ice sculpture in the shape of glistening curved flames whipping into the air. A red light glowed from the inside to simulate fire, and chiseled diamond-like blocks protruded from the base of the sculpture to represent ice. Bordering the central dance floor on one side were short pillars blowing red and orange tissue paper, and on the opposing side were tall white pillars reflecting blue light.

I wasn't sure who had been in charge of transforming the commons area into prom, and I didn't have a basis for comparison, but it was magical and didn't feel like the high school at all.

Weston guided me to a table, and I sat before looking up at him.

"Who'll be sitting in those chairs?" I asked, nodding toward the empty seats on the other side of the table.

Weston helped me to scoot closer to the table, and then he sat next to me, shrugging. "Whoever can mind their manners."

"What now?" I asked.

The servers, all sophomores handpicked by upperclassmen, were busy bringing waters to the dozens of tables. I moved aside when our server set a glass of ice water next to my table setting. She smiled nervously. Her baby blue T-shirt displayed the prom theme and emblem and set off her frizzy copper hair.

Weston leaned over to speak into my ear, "Once everyone gets seated, they'll serve us dinner, then we dance, and then we leave."

"That's it?"

"Pretty much."

I relaxed. "Okay, I can handle that."

He raised my hand to his mouth and kissed my knuckles. Then, he kept my hand in his as he lowered them to his lap.

Within half an hour, the room was full of chatter and upperclassmen. The two chairs in front of us were filled by Brian Fredrick and Janelle Hunt. She was somehow successful in glaring at me and seeming bored at the same time, but Brian was animated and chatty. He and Weston talked about football and coaches. Janelle looked around the room, hopeful to find more preferable seating. I was hoping she would find it.

"Are you still working at the DQ?" Brian asked, his round cheeks moving his equally round eyes when he spoke.

"Yes," I said, trying not to shrink back from Janelle's stare.

She was unhappy that he had addressed me.

A loud cackle came from someone passing by, and then I saw Brady Beck.

He knocked on our table with his knuckles and nodded to Brian. "Oh, man. Bad luck."

Brian made a face as he watched Brady walking away. "That's just rude, dude." He shook his head and then let Brady's words roll off. "I was wondering what it's like to work with Frankie. She seems crazy!" he said, chuckling.

"She's pretty fun," I said.

Janelle sighed and rolled her eyes. She scanned the room again and then touched Brian's arm. "There are two chairs over there!" she said, eager.

Brian stumbled over his next words, desperately trying to cover for his date.

"No one is forcing you to sit here," Weston said. "If you're going to be a bitch, I'd rather you leave." His fingers squeezed mine, his cheeks flushing red against his tan skin.

I squeezed his hand back, silently begging him not to make a scene.

Janelle didn't answer. Instead, she turned her attention to the decorations and then waved to her friends across the room.

Brian offered an apologetic expression, and he began to open his mouth to change the subject, but then our server set plates of food in front of Janelle and me. Janelle seemed pleased with the distraction, but she didn't thank the awkward, gangly red-haired girl who had served us.

Moments later, two more plates were delivered.

"Thank you," I said.

The girl smiled brightly, thrilled to be acknowledged. "You're welcome."

"I'm glad she has that mess pulled back into a ponytail," Janelle grumbled. "I don't want her hair in my food. It looks like red pubes."

Brian grimaced. "She's trying really hard, Janelle. Give her a break."

As we picked over our greasy chicken breasts and bland green beans, Weston cringed. "Wow, this is..."

"At least the rolls are good," Brian said, chewing.

I couldn't help but smile. I liked Brian.

Janelle dropped her fork against the plate. "Disgusting every year. I wish they would just let us eat at a restaurant and then come here for the dance."

After dessert, the DJ introduced himself and welcomed us to prom. He announced the main chaperones and sponsors, and then he put on an upbeat song to initiate a line dance. I was one of a handful of girls who didn't rush to the dance floor. Whoever didn't know the moves were giggling while trying to learn it.

Weston watched with a smile on his face. He seemed content with sitting next to me, his arm resting on the back of my chair.

Brian leaned in closer and spoke loudly so that we could hear him over the music, "Are you excited for Duke?"

Weston shook his head. "I'm not going to Duke."

"What?" Brian asked, confused.

"I'm going to the Art Institute of Dallas," Weston said with pride.

"Since when?"

"Since I applied and was accepted."

"Is your dad mad?" Brian asked.

Weston shook his head. "He was surprised."

"I'll bet," Brian said, raising his eyebrows. A few beads of sweat had begun to form at his hairline, and he tugged at his collar. "I gotta take this off. I'm burning up." He removed his tux jacket and swung it around the back of his chair.

Weston did the same and then looked at me. "You wanna dance?"

I shook my head.

The current song ended, and a ballad came over the speakers. Chairs squeaked across the tile floor as the boys stood to join their dates on the dance floor.

"C'mon," Weston said, shamelessly begging me with his beautiful eyes.

"O-okay," I said, taking his hand.

Weston found an open spot and then spun me around before pulling me close. He pulled my hands up and behind his neck, and I clasped my fingers together. He settled his hands on the small of my back and took the first side step.

"I don't dance," I said.

Weston didn't hear me at first, so I leaned up on the balls of my feet and repeated the words next to his ear.

He touched his cheek to mine and then kissed my forehead. "I don't either, but I'll dance with you."

I rested my temple against his chest as I let him sway me back and forth to the music. We were stiff and not at all graceful, but I didn't care who was watching or what they might be thinking.

All that mattered was that I was with Weston Gates. I had imagined it many times before, including the previous year when I had been making dip cones and Blizzards instead of attending prom. Now that I was with exactly whom I had always dreamed of, my only goal was to be present and live in these few minutes of time, for as long as they lasted, and enjoy every second of it.

By the gentle way Weston was pulling me against him, I thought that maybe he was thinking the same.

"I've spent a lot of time trying not to hope for this night with you," Weston said into my ear. "But the harder I tried, the more I thought about it. I wasn't sure how I could make it happen, but by some miracle, you're here, in my arms. I don't want to think about graduation or this summer or even two hours from now. Right now is the best it's ever been for me. In this moment, you're my entire universe, shining in all the right places."

He slid his fingers over the jewels at the small of my back and smiled.

I hugged him tighter to me, trying to make the world stop, to make time pause, as I wished that we could somehow remain there forever.

When I glanced at a small group of boys clustered a few feet away, I knew they had no plans of letting that happen.

Chapter Six

"JESUS, GET A ROOM, GATES," Brady said, standing on the outskirts of the dance floor with his group of friends.

Weston simply raised his fist, lifted his middle finger, and then returned his hand back to me. He didn't even look at Brady.

Never one to be ignored, Brady took the few steps to where we were dancing and craned his neck at Weston. "I remember when you were on this dance floor last year, feeling up Alder every time you got a chance."

Weston stopped dancing and stared straight over my head, probably at nothing.

"Weston," I warned, "don't let him ruin it. That's all he's trying to do."

He took a deep breath and then sidestepped, dancing again.

Brady looked behind him and nodded to his group of friends. Micah and Brendan were standing there with Tyson and Andrew. Tyson was the only one who didn't look particularly amused with the scene Brady was trying to make.

Brady turned back to us. "You gonna tap Erin's ass tonight the way you did Alder last year? In the back of your truck?"

I froze.

Brady began to laugh. "He already has, hasn't he? What, Erin? Did you think it was something he did just with you?"

"Where's your date, Brady?" Weston seethed.

By this point, everyone around us was watching, still dancing but coming closer to see and hear better.

"Unlike you, I have standards. And the only two girls worth bringing passed away a little while ago. You remember them, don't you? Your friends since childhood? Your girlfriend? The girl you said you were going to marry?"

My expression betrayed me, and Brady's eyes brightened with satisfaction.

"Did he give you the we're-going-to-get-married-someday speech, too? Figures. He throws that around about as easily as I love you."

Just as the song ended, Weston turned to face Brady.

Brian walked over, keeping one of his broad shoulders between the two enemies. "C'mon, guys. It's prom. Let's keep it civil."

Weston took a step and leaned in, just inches from Brady's face. "If you try to ruin this night for her, you have my word that your parents will have to buy that tux once I'm through with you."

"Yes, because a couple hundred bucks will be such a hardship," Brady scoffed.

Weston took my hand and led me back to the table. I stood next to Weston while he took a gulp of his ice water.

Brian followed. "Don't worry about it, man."

Weston set down his cup. "He's just trying to detract from the fact that he showed up here alone."

I turned and felt liquid explode against my skin, from my mouth to my waist. Brady was holding an empty cup. The red punch that had been inside was now dripping from my chin and dress. His eyes bulged wide as I held my hands out to my sides.

Weston charged toward Brady, but I pushed my hand out, holding it against his chest. "Weston, it was an accident!"

Brady's expression morphed from shock to smug satisfaction. "It wasn't shit soup, but I'm sure Alder would have been just as happy."

He pulled another cup from behind his back and began to pour it over my head, but Weston tackled him to the floor.

"No! Weston, stop!" I said, red liquid dripping from my hairline.

Chaperones rushed from every dark corner of the room, and what had once been just Weston and Brady scuffling became a large ball of body parts jerking, grabbing, and reaching.

Coach Morris finally made it to the middle and pulled everyone apart. He held both young men by their collars. "What the hell's gotten into you, Weston?" he said, barely acknowledging Brady.

"Look at her!" Weston said, his eyes wild.

He pointed to me, and Coach Morris blinked when he saw that I was covered in punch.

"Did you do that, Beck?" Coach Morris asked, jerking Brady by the collar.

Brady's mouth was bleeding, and both of his eyes were already beginning to swell.

"It was an accident! She turned right into me!" he whined.

"Is that how it got in her hair?" Coach asked, his cheeks flushing with anger.

Weston was turned loose while Coach yanked Brady to the entrance. Light from the streetlamps outside briefly lit up the indoor area when the door opened before it closed again.

Coach Morris came back empty-handed and pointed at Weston. "Sorry, Gates. You, too. But I want you to wait until he's cleared the parking lot."

Weston's expression turned severe. "I promised her I wouldn't let Brady get away with anything like that. Look at her!"

"Weston," I said, touching his arm.

"Look at her!" he screamed again.

Coach's eyes turned sad. He pulled a stack of napkins off the closest table and handed them to me. "I'm really sorry, Erin. You still look lovely."

"Maybe she smells better," Janelle mumbled.

Weston opened his mouth to defend me, but Coach Morris held up his hand.

He pointed to Janelle. "You. Out."

"What?" she shrieked.

"Get your things and go. Anyone else want their night ruined?"

The crowd dispersed, and Janelle picked up her clutch, her eyes glossing over.

She waited for Brian. "Let's go!" Her voice broke as she stamped her foot.

Brian shook his head. "Too bad you weren't nicer to Erin. Weston might have given you a ride."

"Brian!" she whined.

Brian patted Weston on the shoulder. "I would have done the same. Sorry y'all have to leave."

Weston nodded, and then Brian walked to the other side of the room.

Janelle spun around and stomped to the exit, holding her cell phone to her ear.

"I'm..." Weston began, but he couldn't finish. He was too upset.

Coach Morris motioned to us. "Okay, Gates. He should be gone by now. I'm going to walk you out. I'm sorry, Erin."

I shook my head, my skin feeling stickier by the second. Embarrassment hadn't come, and I wondered if it would. I was more worried about Weston than me. He'd been looking forward to prom for so long, and now, we had to leave.

We held hands as we walked to the limo, and although the driver seemed shocked to see the mess Brady had made of my dress, he didn't comment.

Weston tightly held my hand without saying a word until we walked through my front door.

"Don't tell them," I said before running up the stairs.

I could hear Julianne's and Sam's muffled voices mixing with Weston's before I shut the door to my room and stripped off my dress. I nicely laid it on the bed and then kicked off my heels before rushing to the shower.

"Erin?" Julianne called from the hall.

"I'll be out in a minute!" I said back as cheerfully as I could muster.

"Are you all right? What happened?"

"Nothing. It was just overwhelming."

She didn't respond.

The water ran over my head and skin, mixing with the punch, making a light red pool at my feet before swirling down the drain. I rubbed the shampoo into my hair, scrubbing quickly, and then rinsed it out. I did the same with the body wash until my skin no longer felt sticky.

I pulled down the lever and ripped the towel from the rack. I stepped out of the shower before furiously rubbing the moisture from my hair and skin, and then I dressed in a comfortable T-shirt, jeans, and tan leather ballet flats.

When I walked downstairs, Weston was standing by the front door, his hands in his pockets, still wearing his ruffled tux. A button had busted off during the kerfuffle, and more of his chest was showing than before. Specks of red in varying sizes were spattered on the white fabric of his dress shirt, and I recoiled, knowing none of the blood was his.

"You okay?" Weston said quietly.

I nodded, reaching up to straighten his shirt and tie the best I could.

"Erin? What happened?" Sam asked.

"I told Julianne upstairs that prom just got to be too overwhelming. Weston agreed to bring me home, so I could change."

Julianne watched me speak, but my words didn't alleviate her obvious concern. "Erin, honey, why does Weston look like he was in a fight?"

Weston started to speak, but I shot him a look.

"Erin-" Sam began, but the doorbell rang.

Weston stepped to the side, and Sam opened the door to reveal Lynn Beck standing on the porch with Brady, Peter, and Veronica. One of Brady's eyes was swollen shut, and the other was threatening to do the same. His top lip was swollen with a dark blood blister.

"Glad to see you've stopped bleeding," Weston said.

"Weston!" Veronica said, shocked. "Did you do this?"

"You're damn right I did, and if he pours punch-no, if he comes within ten feet of Erin, he'll get it again," Weston snarled.

Brady looked ridiculous, standing behind his mother with various injuries. I couldn't tell if he was embarrassed or happy that she had brought him as evidence, but he wasn't as vocal as usual.

"Poured...what?" Julianne said, her voice rising an octave. She looked to me, horrified.

She ran up the stairs, and in less than a minute, she plodded back down, her hand over her mouth. She took me into her arms and looked to Sam. "Her dress is covered in punch. Brady poured punch on her!" Her voice broke with a combination of sadness and anger.

"She is not the victim here!" Lynn said, pointing at me. "She initiated an unnecessary fight between these boys! They used to be friends, and she has poisoned Weston's mind against my son!"

Julianne held me against her side.

Peter looked at Weston and spoke, "Brady said that you attacked him after Erin walked into his cup of punch. Is that true?"

Weston became agitated again. "Brady tossed his cup of punch on Erin and then tried to pour another one over her head."

Lynn sneered, "It was an accident. She's lying."

"I saw it," Weston said. "Everyone saw it. That's why Coach Morris threw him out."

Sam pushed up his round glasses. "Lynn, I think you'd better leave."

Lynn's face screwed into disgust. "My son was attacked, and you're asking us to leave? You owe us an apology!" Her eyes targeted me. "I can't believe I actually felt happy that you were doing so well. I was going to nominate you for an award at the club. How can you sleep at night, knowing you've made up such lies about my son?"

"Don't address Erin," Sam said. "If you have something to say, say it to me."

"You are trash!" Lynn seethed, narrowing her eyes at me.

Julianne stepped onto the porch, just a few feet from Brady and his mother. "Lynn, get your pretentious ass off my lawn-now."

Lynn's jaw dropped, and she grabbed Brady by the arm before jerking him toward their SUV. "There will be consequences!" she called back, her short hair bouncing as she marched.

Peter chuckled. "She realizes we're attorneys, right?"

Veronica glared at the Becks' SUV while Lynn drove away. "She forgets how much I know. Brady comes home and laughs about how he bullies kids at school, and she laughs with him. She encourages it. She thinks those kids are beneath her and Brady and their family. She believes it in her soul. She thinks his cruelty is funny, and now, she has the gall to pretend he is innocent. Just pathetic."

"I'm just disappointed about that award," I said. "I was really looking forward to it."

Our parents burst into laughter, our mothers wiping away tears.

"Oh, Erin," Julianne said, hugging me, "you're amazing."

Weston wasn't amused. I took his hand and squeezed it.

Veronica patted Weston's shoulder. "I think, uh...I think we can fix the evening. Don't you, son?"

It took Weston a moment to process what she'd meant, but once recognition hit, his eyes sparked. "We can!"

He whisked me across the yard, and I was glad I had on flats instead of heels. He pushed through his front door and pulled on my hand until we reached the door to the basement.

"Wait here," he said. He disappeared down the stairs, and a few moments later, music began to float up from the basement. When he opened the door, his hair had been smoothed, and he had a smile on his face. He offered his hand. "C'mon."

"What's going on?" I asked.

Weston led me down the stairs, and I gasped.

"What...when did you do all of this?" I asked.

The entire basement was draped in orange, red, blue, and white streamers. The coffee table had been made into a pretend fire pit, and white twinkle lights had been strung across the tops of the walls.

A wide smile stretched across his face. "I wasn't sure if you'd really go, so this was plan B."

"You thought I would back out?"

"Right up until we sat at the table."

"So...you made us our own prom?"

He shoved his hands in his pockets and shrugged. "Mom helped."

I threw my arms around him. "I love you. I am so"-I shook my head-"in love with you. I don't know why you love me so much, but I am so lucky."

"Yeah?" he said.

A slow song came on the radio, and Weston clasped his hands behind me.

I looked up at him. "I feel bad that you didn't get to finish your last prom."

"Don't. This is better. We should have come straight here after the Grand March."

I wasn't going to tell him that I felt the same way. Instead, I rested my cheek against his chest, letting myself relax for the first time that night. No one was watching, and no one was judging or plotting or thinking up rumors to spread. It was just us, in our space, just the way our story had begun.

He touched his lips to my ear. "Nothing Brady said was true."

"I know," I said, breathing out the words.

There was no one here to tell him where to keep his hands or not to kiss me too long. I liked that about our private prom, too. His mouth traveled down my neck, and he pulled at the collar of my shirt to taste my shoulder. I reached my fingers into his hair and looked up into his eyes as he pulled away. He stared down at me with such intensity as he held me so close to him that I fell from being lost in the moment to jumping off the ledge.

Another song started, and we swayed back and forth. It didn't matter if I was any good at dancing or if I was too close or if I stepped on his toes. It was such a relief, so liberating. An upbeat song came on, and Weston began hopping around, shaking his head. I watched him for a few moments, an eyebrow raised, and then I joined in, lifting my hands above my head while shaking my hair and hopping in a circle. We were free and happy. He accepted me like no one else. He always had. His chuckles and my giggling filled the room. Just a few times had I laughed that hard or for that long, and all of them had been with Weston. So far, he was my best day, my favorite night out, and everything in between.

Once it was over, we were breathless, puffing, with ridiculous grins on our faces.

A familiar slow song began to play, and Weston held out his arms. "The best part about this? I don't have to worry about anyone cutting in."

"I wouldn't want to dance with anyone else but you."

Weston loosened his tie, and I helped him pull it over his head. That small movement began an avalanche of soft kisses, and strong hands grabbed at my skin, becoming more intense, more like need. I walked backward to the couch, pulling him with me, while his mouth smiled against mine. We sat together on the worn cushions we'd occupied so many times before, but this time was different, and we both knew it.

It was such a cliche-the predictable sex on prom night-but I had already given him my virginity. During this flutter of time in our lives, there were so many firsts and lasts that it all seemed to blur together. Eighteen was all about existing only for the present because we didn't know if the next time we opened our eyes would be the moment our youth was over. For that reason, we would break rules, make mistakes, intentionally take a wrong turn. We were living in the last days of vindication. One day, when we looked back on these pages, if it hurt to look, we could say we were just kids.

That was what I told myself when Weston lifted my shirt over my head. For a moment, I held my breath and tightly closed my eyes. My heart thundered in my chest, but I forced myself to be present, to no longer live my life with my head down.

The first thing I saw when I opened my eyes again was the pure adoration in Weston's eyes. That look promised that no matter what happened between that moment and the rest of our lives, I would never forget the way I felt in this second of infinity.

"You're so beautiful." He stumbled over the words, so caught up in undressing me.

His touch was reverent, making me feel like his most precious possession in the world. After eighteen years of wanting to be free, all I could think about was belonging to the man pulling at me like he needed me to breathe. So many thoughts and emotions fought with each other inside my head, all leading toward the same desire.

I couldn't speak. I didn't know what to say anyway. All I knew was that the night was ours, and he was mine.

Reaching out, I touched his chest and felt his exquisitely sculpted body flex underneath my palm. I wanted his shirt off, too. My fingers were clumsy as I fumbled with the buttons. As I unfastened each section, I kissed a line down his chest. Taking each side of the shirt in my hands, I tugged it down his arms, and Weston maneuvered them from the sleeves as he kept his eyes locked on mine.

He thought I was beautiful, but he was perfection.

"Lie back for me." His request sounded almost like he was pleading.

Easing back onto the couch, my breath caught as he moved over me. The warmth of his body covered mine, causing my legs to tremble. If this were all that happened, it would be enough.

This is just the beginning though. With that thought, I shivered again.

Weston pressed a kiss to the side of my face, his warm breath tickling my ear. "Nothing in my life will ever be this damn sweet," he said just before he let his weight press against me.

Chapter Seven

THE WEEK OF GRADUATION, the halls of Blackwell High were full of whispers speculating why Weston had attacked Brady during prom. Some said I had been cheating on Weston with Brady, some said Brady had tried to cut in and Weston had gone into a jealous rage, and some had actually gotten a bit closer to the truth.

Frankie had cleared my schedule at Dairy Queen until summer break, and because baseball was over, Weston had requested that we carpool to school for the week.

I heard his red Chevy grumbling from the street before I'd made it all the way down the stairs. I opened the door to see him jogging to the front steps, and he playfully tackled me to the hardwood floor in the foyer.

"What on earth?" Julianne said with a giggle, looking down on us.

Bending over at the waist, Weston was shaking with laughter, his feet on each side of me, as he held on to my upper arms. "I didn't mean to knock you over!" he said. He lifted me to my feet and then pecked my cheek, still chuckling.

"Good morning to you, too," I said, leaning into his kiss.

Julianne watched us for a moment, feigning disapproval. "C'mon. Biscuits and gravy in the kitchen."

"Yes!" Weston said, dragging me down the hall.

His mood had been all over the place since prom. The night before, on the phone, he had been quiet and a little sullen when we talked about the fall semester. Now, he was nearly manic.

Julianne cut two biscuits for Weston and me and then doused them in gravy. When she set the plates in front of us, Weston dug in.

Julianne crossed her arms over her chest. "Remember, if Brady-"

"He's not going to say anything to her," Weston said with a mouthful. "Don't worry."

Julianne frowned. "I'm worried about you, too. You're lucky you're not getting suspended."

Weston scooped another large bite into his mouth. "They can't suspend me if they're not suspending Brady, and Brett and Lynn wouldn't let that go down, so I'm safe."

"So," Julianne said, leaning against the counter beside the stove, "if he starts anything, you'll shut him down, right?"

"Right," Weston said with a nod.

"And not by escalating the situation?" she asked.

"Yes, ma'am." He nodded again.

"I'm really okay," I began.

"I'm at her locker between classes," Weston said.

"What about the classes she has with Brady? Or his friends?" Julianne asked.

"I'm here," I said a little louder than I'd intended.

Julianne covered her mouth. "Oh, sweetie, I'm sorry."

"I've been doing this for a long time," I said. "It's not my first rodeo. I can handle Brady. I don't need anyone shutting him down."

Julianne took a step. "I'm just...we're so close to the end. I want this week to be all good memories for you."

"Thank you." I took a breath. "But you can't keep me safe all the time. You can't ensure that bad things won't happen. I'm better equipped to handle Brady and anyone like him anyway."

"That doesn't mean you should have to deal with him, especially not this week," Weston said.

"I don't need anyone to fight my battles for me," I said, my tone too sharp.

"You don't need anyone at all," Weston said, pushing his nearly empty plate toward Julianne. "Thanks for breakfast."

"You're welcome," she said.

"I'll be in the truck," he mumbled before leaving us alone in the kitchen.

I shook my head.

"Is everything okay?" Julianne asked.

"He was upset last night and hyper this morning. Now, he's upset again. I can't keep up."

"It's tough," she said.

I could tell she was purposefully avoiding a true response.

"What am I missing?" I asked.

She hesitated. "I...don't know, honey. I couldn't begin to imagine what is going through his head."

"But you have an idea," I said.

Julianne swallowed, already regretting her next words. "Maybe feeling strongly about you is...difficult when he doesn't know where you stand."

"But he knows how I feel about him. I don't know how else to make him feel better, except for making him promises I can't keep."

"He's worried about what will happen after the fall semester starts. Boys are just as emotional as girls. They just don't always feel things as intensely as we do. And when they do...well, they just don't know how to handle it."

"Clearly," I said, standing.

"I put your backpack by the door last night."

"Thank you." I waved to her before walking down the hall.

Grabbing my bag, I swung the straps over my shoulders and then walked to Weston's truck. He was standing next to the open passenger door, looking down at his phone while he tapped on it with his thumbs.

I climbed into my seat, but my quiet thank-you didn't get a response.

When Weston sat behind the steering wheel, he reached over for my hand. When I didn't take his hand, he looked up at me.

"Talk to me," I said.

He reached for my hand again. I expectantly watched him.

He sighed. "Talk to you about what?"

"Your mood last night. Your polar opposite mood this morning. Your mood now. What you're thinking. What you're worried about. Everything you're not saying, I want you to put it out there."

"That will take longer than we have before class."

"Then, we'll be late."

Weston thought for a moment, and then he shifted the gear into drive, pulling away from the curb without another word. Even though I lived inside my head most of the time and didn't quite understand how particularly chatty people always seemed to have something to say, the silence was suffocating.

After we reached an open parking spot in the high school lot, Weston got out and then helped me to the pavement. He began to walk into the building, but I didn't move. He turned around and held out his hands long enough to let them slap to his thighs.

"Come on, babe. We're gonna be late."

"Why won't you talk to me about this?" I asked.

"Because it's a long conversation, and we have classes."

"You could have talked to me last night."

"It was late."

"So, you're just waiting for the right time?"

"Yes."

"So, it's important."

"Yes." Then, he shook his head. "No. I don't know. You want to talk about it, so I guess we're talking about it."

My eyes narrowed. "Just tell me why you were so happy this morning and what changed."

"It doesn't matter. It was a stupid idea, and I just realized that it won't matter."

"What won't matter?"

The bell rang, and Weston sighed. "C'mon, Erin. We can talk about it later."

A loud conversation erupted in my mind. The words wait, patience, and now came up the most.

Weston held out his hand. Part of me wanted to roll myself up in his arms, and the other wanted to slap his hand away. Then, I realized that my thoughts and emotions were just as jarring as his behavior, so I couldn't fault him for whatever was going on in his head.

"Promise?" I asked.

"Promise," he said, jutting his hand out for me.

We walked together through the double doors and then down the hall toward my locker. Weston gave me a quick peck before jogging down B Hall for his class, and I hurried to Bio.

Brady was in his seat, scribbling in his notebook. He barely noticed me come in. The swelling had gone down in his eyes, but it was still obvious that Weston had gotten in more than one good hit.

Mrs. Merit shot me a look, but she continued passing out the study guide for the final. "This is a fifth of your grade, ladies and gentlemen. If you intend on walking in Saturday's graduation ceremony, I suggest making time to study this sheet."

I held the paper in front of me, seeing all the questions to the test, accompanied by the correct answers. Mrs. Merit's study guides were always the test and answers in order, and I wondered if the final would be any different. Regardless, just memorizing what answer went with what question would be enough.

"Did you get the punch out of your dress?" Sara asked.

My eyebrows pulled in as I processed her question.

"Your prom dress. I heard Brady spilled his punch on you-well, tossed is more like it."

I nodded.

"Did he really pour it over your head?"

Brady's face came into focus just over Sara's shoulder. He was staring at me with the only eye that wasn't too swollen to see. I focused back on Sara and then back down to the paper.

"If it's true, he deserved those shiners. And if it's not, he probably deserved it anyway."

"Nobody deserves that," I said quietly.

Sara seemed shocked, but she didn't speak. She glanced over her shoulder to Brady, who looked away. "From now on, I bet he'll keep his drinks away from you-and anyone else he might have wanted to pull that with."

I pressed my lips together and continued reading down the line of questions, pretending to study them, while Mrs. Merit's voice droned on in the background. It was hard to concentrate while so many thoughts were swirling inside my head.

The rest of the day seemed to take forever, yet before I knew it, Weston and I were picking up art supplies next to the mural downtown. Mrs. Cup watched us all like hawks. If it seemed we didn't have complete control of our paintbrushes, she would make sure we remembered her threat to fail us if we used the paint for anything but the mural.

After we were done, Weston held open the passenger door, and I climbed in. He stared up at me, a storm brewing in his eyes. He had been quiet all day, and I wasn't sure when he would decide to talk about what was bothering him.

He made me wait until we were in his basement.

"Do you have homework?" he asked.

"I have to study for finals."

"Me, too," he said, picking at the sole of his shoe. He was quiet for several moments, and then he heaved a heavy sigh. "What if I..." He frowned.

"What if you what?" I said, pressing him.

The room was quiet. The television was dark. Peter and Veronica were still at work. The basement felt a mile underground instead of just downstairs. But still, he wanted to tell me whatever he had been holding back in the privacy of his space, on his turf, where he felt safe and in control. I swallowed. For the first time, I felt scared of what he was about to say.

"Are you breaking up with me?" I asked.

He made a disgusted face and turned away from me, shaking his head. "You would have to be my girlfriend for me to do that."

"What is that supposed to mean?" I said, the hairs on the back of my neck standing on end. Every inch of my skin felt raw, like the scars I'd built up over the years had just disappeared, leaving me defenseless.

Weston was instantly sorry for his comment, grabbing my hands. "That's not what I meant. I just meant that you aren't really mine. At least, that's how it feels."

I stood up. "Then, what are we doing?"

Weston coaxed me back down to sit next to him. "I'm saying this all wrong. I've been going over what I would say all day...all week, and I'm still screwing it up."

"Screwing what up? What is going on with you?"

He took a deep breath. "It freaks me out when you talk about August. I think about our relationship existing on the phone and holidays, and it freaks me the eff out, okay? I thought maybe...I was thinking I could enroll at OSU. Then, maybe if I'm there at O-State with you..."

"What?"

"Then, this morning, you...I remembered..."

"Remembered what?"

He breathed out like he'd been punched in the gut. "You don't need me, Erin. And that scares the hell out of me."

I thought about his words. He looked wounded, and even though I wanted to be truthful, it was dishonest to hurt the man I loved.

I carefully chose my response. "What makes you think I don't need you?"

He looked away. "You don't need anyone. I was...I'm too late. I waited too long. You've had to build walls. You've made plans for your future that don't include me. Maybe it's pathetic that I'm thinking of ways to keep from losing you, but I'm finally where I want to be."

"You want to be in Dallas."

"I want to be with you."

"Weston, couples go to different colleges all the time. It's going to be an adjustment, not seeing each other as much, but it won't be the end of the world."

"See?" This time, he was the one standing up. He pointed at me while pacing. "That. That right there. Yes, I'm worried about going in different directions, that we'll grow apart, that you'll meet someone new. You're not?"

I shook my head. "No."

"The fact that you're not worried about it kills me, Erin. It makes me wonder if you love me at all."

The skin around his eyes was tight, and I could see his pulse throbbing on one side of his neck.

"You want me to make promises I can't keep. You said we would wing this together. I'm winging it. I don't know what has changed-or why."

He grabbed the remote off the table and chucked it across the room. The black plastic exploded into a hundred pieces, bursting in every direction. I jumped, covering my nose and mouth with my hands.

Weston clasped his fingers at the crown of his head while he continued to pace back and forth, his cheeks flushed with frustration. "We're a little past winging it, Erin! Don't you think? I mean, what is this to you? Are you just passing the time until you leave for college?"

"No!" I said.

I was half-insulted but also half-desperate to make him feel better, to calm his fears, but neither one of us knew what would happen for sure. He would know I was lying if I tried to say otherwise.

I stood, pulled his hands from his head and wrapped his arms around me. "Stop! Stop." I tried to keep my voice low. I pressed my cheek against his chest, making the subtle wheezing in his lungs more noticeable to me, and it worried me.

He looked down into my eyes, searching for something. "Are you set on OSU? The University of North Texas is not even an hour away from where I'll be. It's one of the largest public universities in the nation. Next year, we could find a place somewhere in the middle-"

I shook my head. "I've already been accepted. I haven't even applied to UNT. The out-of-state tuition would be ridiculous."

"Sam and Julianne are paying, remember? UNT is a great university that offers everything OSU offers. There's not an Art Institute near Stillwater. Just apply, and-"

"I'm not going to gouge my parents, so I'll be more conveniently located for you."

"For me?" he said, incredulous.

"And now you're talking about moving in together? In a year? I think I would have been more prepared for you to break up with me."

Weston's mouth fell open, and I winced with regret.

"I've wanted to go to OSU my entire life, Weston. Please try to understand that."

"I've been in love with you my entire life."

I sat on the couch and covered my face with my hands. After several moments of silence, I looked up at him. He hadn't moved.

"What is this? An ultimatum? If I don't go to UNT, what then?"

He sat next to me. "It's not an ultimatum. I was hoping you'd be excited. You haven't decided on a major. I just don't see why you can't go there instead. If you're wanting to get out of Blackwell, I can promise you that you'll run into a lot less people at UNT than you will at OSU." When I didn't respond, he continued, "Did you know that Brady's going to OSU?"

"No, he's not," I said, shaking my head.

"The Becks are OSU alumni."

"That doesn't mean that he-"

"He's going to OSU, Erin. He's been accepted. He's going. And I can't protect you from him if I'm in Dallas."

"It's a big campus."

"Erin-"

"No. You're not going to scare me into doing what you want. I'm not afraid of him. I've never been afraid of him-or anyone."

"Then, what's the point? What does it matter if you leave Blackwell when you'll be dealing with the same people?"

"It's not high school. It'll be different. I doubt I'll ever see him."

"Why are you being so stubborn about this?"

"I'm not being stubborn! It's just something I want!"

"You've never even been to the goddamn campus, Erin! How do you know if that's what you want?" he yelled. The veins in his neck were bulging from his reddened skin. He turned away from me. Then, he stood up and began pacing again with his fingers laced on top of his head.

"You loved me before you spent time with me. Sometimes, you just know."

Weston turned and sat on the coffee table in front of me, leaning over and gripping my knees. "I am. I am so in love with you. I don't want to be just a stop on your way out of here."

"You're not," I said, a little too much desperation in my voice.

"No relationship will work if it's not a priority. Definitely not a long-distance one. I'm afraid if it's not easy, if it's too much work, you're going to call me one day and tell me it's over. I need you to need me, Erin. If you don't, you're not invested enough to make this work."

"Weston, are you listening to me? I'm telling you-"

"Everything but what I want to hear."

I frowned. "You want a promise."

"I could make that promise. Right here, tonight, I can promise you that I can make this work. I can promise that I won't give up."

I felt tears burning my eyes. "That's like promising you won't die or promising you'll never hurt someone. Some things aren't in our control. You can't promise we'll stay together because you don't know how you'll feel a year from now."

"Yes, Erin. I can." He watched me for a long time, and then his jaw tensed. "Is it me you don't believe in? Or us?"

"A few months ago, you were in love with a different Erin."

He glared at me. "You know that's not true."

"I'm not being difficult, Weston. I'm being realistic. I'm not trying to hurt you."

"Then, promise you'll try."

"Of course I'll try."

He touched his forehead to mine, unsatisfied even with the words he'd asked me to say. "We don't have much time left. I'm counting down the days until we pack up and drive in different directions. It feels permanent. I don't know what's going to happen a year from now, but I know I will never get over you. And I will do anything to keep from having to try."

"Weston," I whispered. I sucked in a breath. A tear spilled over and fell in a line down my cheek. "I can't do this for you. I have to do this for me."

His face compressed as if he were in pain, and he spoke in a begging tone, "I know we're high school kids, and it's crazy to feel this way, but college is four years of my future. The rest is all you."

I took a deep breath and touched his cheeks with my hands. "One of these days, you're going to be staring at my Oklahoma State degree on the wall in our house somewhere in Texas, and I'm going to remind you about our last week of high school and how worried you were over nothing."

He laughed once without humor, and he looked so deeply into my eyes that my walls couldn't keep him out. "That sounds a little like a promise."

I bit my lip. "It's a prediction."

He looked down at the floor and then back up at me with a contrived smile. "I'll take what I can get."

Chapter Eight

I FROWNED as Julianne pinned the maroon graduation cap onto my head. It was square and awkward, and it didn't make me feel accomplished at all.

"Whose idea was it to wear hats that make us look stupid on a day when we're supposed to feel smart?" I asked.

Julianne chuckled.

Sam crossed his arms over his chest and leaned against the doorjamb. "I think you look very beautiful and incredibly smart."

I offered a small smile. "Thanks."

"I'm surprised you can fit your brain into that cap," Sam added, pushing up his round tortoise shell glasses.

A single laugh burst from Julianne's mouth, and then she pressed her lips together, shaking her head as she continued to place pins in my hair.

"Very funny," I said, trying hard not to laugh, too.

Julianne kissed my cheek. "All done," she said, walking to stand next to her husband.

Sam held Julianne against his side.

My mother held her fingers to her mouth and then rested her temple against Sam's shoulder. "Look at her."

"I'm looking," Sam said quietly.

Their expressions were that mixture of happy and sad that I'd become accustomed to from witnessing them simultaneously mourning the daughter they had lost and celebrating the daughter they had found.

Julianne's cell phone rang, and she answered with a chipper voice, "Hi, Veronica." Her voice immediately lowered to a whisper, and she ducked into the hallway. "I don't...yes, she's here. I don't know. I'm sure she could, but...okay. Of course. Of course. Bye." She returned to the room, her eyes dancing between Sam and me. "Weston's...not doing well."

"His asthma?" I asked, taking a step.

She shook her head.

"What's wrong?" Sam asked.

"He's upset," Julianne said.

I knew what she meant, and apparently, so did Sam because his eyes lit with realization.

"I don't know how to make him feel better. I've tried," I said.

"I'm not sure anyone can," Sam said. "It's something he might have to work out on his own."

"He was thinking about enrolling at OSU," I said.

"He what?" Sam said, pushing from the doorjamb to stand straight.

"Then, he asked me to enroll at the University of North Texas. It's less than an hour from the Art Institute of Dallas."

Julianne glanced at Sam before looking back at me. "Is that what you want?"

After some hesitation, I shook my head. "No. I want to go to OSU."

"Then, you shouldn't change your mind," Sam said.

I picked at my nails. "He made good points. He said that UNT offers the same programs, but there's not a comparable art school near OSU. Since I haven't decided on a major, he doesn't understand why I won't switch schools."

"He doesn't have to understand," Sam said. "I'm not apathetic to his feelings. I recognize his fear. I can't imagine how I would feel if I were in his shoes," he said, looking lovingly at his wife. "I'm sure it's worrisome, not knowing what might happen when you feel strongly about someone. But he has to let you go, Erin. If it's meant to be, it'll work out."

"He doesn't have to let her go," Julianne said. "They can make it work, if that's what they both want."

I nodded.

"Is that what you want?" Julianne said.

"I love him. But I love me, too."

Julianne sighed and walked the few steps to pull me into one of her amazing hugs. "As you should."

"He'll be okay," Sam said. "I have a feeling he's anxious about a lot of things. He's got some big changes coming up. You both do."

Julianne gave me one more hug before releasing me. She straightened the tassel hanging from my hat and smiled. "Maybe you could go over there before we leave. Cheer him up. It should be a happy day."

I nodded and walked past her and Sam to the hall, and then I descended the stairs. The front door whined as it opened, and I stepped out into the bright sunlight. With every step I took, my heart felt heavier, and my head felt fuller with thoughts of what to expect when I walked into the Gates' home. Sam's and Julianne's words stuck to the inside of my mind, repeating to the beat of my steps.

He's upset.

You shouldn't change your mind for anyone.

It's worrisome.

He doesn't have to let her go.

Is that what you want?

He'll be okay.

I knocked on the thick wooden door and waited. After a full minute, no one came, so I knocked again. I waited, and nothing happened.

I turned the knob, and I could hear voices coming from the back of the house, probably the living room. I walked in and closed the door behind me.

Weston's words blurred together. His voice was raised. Peter and Veronica were trying to reason with him. He was more than upset.

"Can you just try to enjoy the day?" Veronica pleaded. "You're not just ruining it for yourself, Weston. You're going to ruin it for her."

"This isn't your last day with her," Peter said, his voice strained. "You'll have the whole summer."

"Is that what Sam and Julianne said? Do they know something?" Weston said.

"No," Peter said. "Weston, calm down. You're getting yourself worked up."

I heard a rattle, and then Weston took a puff of his inhaler.

"This is it," Weston said, sounding broken. "I waited too long. We didn't have enough time."

"Enough time for what?" Veronica asked.

"For her to have strong enough feelings for me. She doesn't feel the way I do."

"Weston, you're eighteen. You've got your whole life ahead of you," Peter scolded. "Erin's a sweet girl, but she's not the only girl. If she moves on, then you can, too."

"You don't get it," Weston said. "You just don't get it. If you had ever loved Mom the way I loved Erin, you wouldn't say that to me."

"Weston!" Veronica screeched.

I turned into the bathroom and pressed my back against the wall. If they knew I had heard their conversation, they would be embarrassed, and so would I. I had to get out of there before they realized I had let myself in.

Weston's next words were muffled.

Then, Peter spoke, "I know that it's better to feel that kind of love for even a little while than never at all. I also know if you keep pushing this, you're going to push her away."

As I crept down the hall, Weston spoke again, "I can't help it. I love her. I've always loved her. I don't know what it is like not to. Now that I know what it's like to be with her, I'll never get over it. I don't think I should. Everyone keeps telling me that I have to let her go. But why would I do that to myself? I already know what it feels like to suffocate-to suck in a breath and not get enough air, no matter how many times or how deep. You say I'm being melodramatic, that I'm overreacting, but I know what dying feels like, and I've felt it more than once. This...this is worse."

I slipped out of the front door and covered my mouth, reaching for the iron railing just as my knees gave way. Every faltering breath that filled my lungs made me think of his words and the agony and panic in his voice.

After taking a few minutes to gather myself, I balled my hand into a fist and banged against the wood. Weston had been looking forward to these last days of high school, and I wasn't going to let him regret anything. Even if I was the only one still winging it, he needed to hear a few simple words from me, and I would say them-words that I was afraid to say out loud, but that didn't make them any less true.

When no one came to the door, I rang the doorbell, listening to what sounded like cathedral bells pealing an intricate tune.

Veronica answered the door, her expression tired. "Erin," she said, relieved.

"Can I come in?" I asked.

She stepped to the side and opened the door wider. "Yes, please. He's in the family room."

I rushed down the hall, past the basement door and the kitchen, and I abruptly stopped five feet from Weston. His back was still turned.

"Weston?" I asked, unsure if he even wanted to see me.

He turned. His eyes were red, his cheeks flushed. "Did they tell you to come?"

I shook my head, hoping he would believe the lie. I didn't want to upset him further. "I wanted to see you."

"Not like this. I'm a freakin' mess."

"You're nervous. We all are. It's okay."

He hooked a couple of his fingers on each hip and stared at the floor. His chest rose with each deep breath he took as he attempted to calm down. "I feel crazy sometimes. I mean...I knew I was crazy about you, but...damn it. I can't control this. It's scary as hell."

"Talk to me," I said.

"It's the end, isn't it? We've got a few weeks of summer left, and then it's over."

"No," I said, shaking my head. "Why won't you believe me?"

His eyes danced around the room, finally settling on me. "I've been waiting, listening, watching. I've been hoping you'll say what I need to hear. I don't even know what that is, Erin. Every passing day just makes me feel worse."

"It's not supposed to be like this," I said, my voice small. "You're not supposed to be miserable. We're supposed to be making good memories, remember?"

He nodded and then reached for me. I took the few steps and melted into his chest, allowing his arms to encompass me.

"Hey," I whispered, hoping my voice was comforting. I gripped his maroon graduation robe in my fists, trying to pretend I hadn't heard every excruciating thought he just confessed.

He buried his face in my neck, his breaths jagged. He was getting more upset, and it was frustrating to know that the more I'd tried to put him at ease, the worse he seemed to feel. I would have to change my strategy.

"Weston," I snapped, forcing him to look into my eyes, "I've been thinking about what we talked about the other day."

He held his breath, bracing himself.

"You're wrong. You are all kinds of wrong about everything."

"That...sucks," he said. He furrowed his brow.

"I do need you."

He leaned away from me, searching my eyes for something.

"I know you don't think I do, and that's my fault. Maybe I didn't want to need you. But I needed you to come to the Dairy Queen for an ice cream every day just so I could have that one moment when it was just you and me. I needed you to pull up next to me when I was walking home that night. I needed you to make the overpass the first place I ever felt safe. I needed you to kiss me in front of everyone at the ball field. I needed you to share my first limo ride. I might even need you to be afraid to lose me because I'm terrified of losing you."

"You don't...act like it," he said, the words seeming to leave a bad taste in his mouth.

"I don't want to talk about how we're going to make this work after this summer because I don't want to think about it. I just want it to work. I just want us to figure it out."

Weston's eyebrows pulled in. "I'm not going anywhere."

"No, you are. And so am I. We're going to say good-bye in a couple of months, but I just concentrate on the fact that it will not be forever. OSU is going to be my second home, and Dallas will be yours. My new friends will be yours, too. And even when we don't have experiences together, they'll just be something else we can spend an hour laughing about on the phone. We're going in different directions, but we can always come back to us. We're home base."

He pulled off his silly square hat and cupped my jawline, tilting his head and pressing his lips on mine. He didn't bother to begin with his mouth closed. He consumed me, his fear and relief evident in every passionate brush of his tongue against mine. He didn't ask for more promises or for me to change schools. He'd only needed the assurance that I was as scared as he was because love was wonderfully terrifying.

Weston pulled his cap back onto his head and inhaled, deep and slow, as if it were the first time he'd breathed in weeks.

"I'm sorry," he said to me.

Peter and Veronica walked in, looking relieved to see their son more relaxed.

"I'm sorry," he said to his parents. "It just hit me this morning before the sun even came up. But it just kept getting darker. The closer it got, the worse I felt." He touched the silver chain he saw peeking from my gown, and then he pulled the heart-shaped trinket from its hiding place.

"This is the beginning, not the end," I said.

Veronica held Weston's tassel, the corners of her mouth cautiously turning upward. I wasn't sure how much of our conversation she had heard, but she could see Weston was in an exponentially better mood.

"Don't forget this," she said, fastening it onto the top button of his cap.

"Everything okay then?" Peter asked. When Weston nodded, Peter jingled his keys. "Let's roll. The grandparents are waiting."

Weston rode with his parents to the high school, and I rode with mine. The Gates and the Alderman families met in the parking lot, and Weston and I walked toward the vocal room while our parents met Weston's grandparents in the auditorium.

Once inside, Weston chatted with his baseball and football buddies, holding my hand, while I listened to the excited banter of everyone else filling the room. Seniors hugged, and some of the girls dabbed their eyes with tissue, careful not to smear their mascara. Everyone was happy, maybe the happiest I'd ever seen them.

Mrs. Pyles approached me with her signature beaming smile and bright blue eyes. "Look at you!" she said. "Are you nervous?"

"Not really," I said.

"You're going to be one of the first ones to walk."

"Oh. Will they say Alderman?"

"I think so."

I hadn't thought about that. It might be weird for so many to hear the name Erin Alderman over the PA when the Erin Alderman they knew had passed away.

"Would you rather them say Easter? I can let them know."

"Maybe you could ask them to say Erin Easter Alderman?" I said, not sure if that was the right thing to do either.

"You bet." Mrs. Pyles winked. "I'll just go take care of that now."

I nodded. "Thank you."

Before she could get too far, I tugged on her cardigan. She turned and then stiffened as I gave her a hug. It was unexpected but not unwelcome.

"For everything. Thank you."

She hugged me back. "You're welcome, sweet pea. I'm just so darn happy for you." After a sweet grin, she spun on her heels and continued to the auditorium.

Brendan, Brady, Micah, and Andrew stood together in the corner of the room. Brady's eyes were no longer swollen, but the bruising was still obvious with purple splotches that had just begun to turn yellow in a few spots. I figured all traces of his run-in with Weston would vanish within a couple of weeks.

The senior class adviser, Mrs. Hunter, could barely be seen in the crowd, but her voice boomed across the room. "Okay, all! Time to line up!"

Just as we'd practiced on Friday morning, all eighty-four members of our senior class somehow organized themselves into alphabetical order without much confusion. The exciting hum grew louder as we settled into our places. Brady was just five spots away from me, but it was easy to pretend he wasn't there. With Kiki Abrams on one side of me and Charlena Arnt on the other, I was kept occupied with conversation.

Kiki gingerly patted the corner of her eye. "I can't believe I'm so emotional. I didn't think it would bother me, and all I've done today is cry."

"Not me," Charlena said. "Get me the hell out of here."

I smiled, glad to hear I wasn't the only one who felt that way.

The band began to play, and the room quieted down. Kiki followed Mrs. Hunter through the double exterior doors. The sun was already hot, beating down on us, but it felt like liberation to me. We walked in a line down the south sidewalk to the lobby entrance of the auditorium. The line circled around until we were all inside the glorious air-conditioning, and then we waited again for our cue to walk inside.

I looked for Weston, and once our eyes met, he waved at me and winked. I waved back, feeling strange to be around so many of our classmates without him near me.

Mrs. Hunter and Coach Morris swept open the doors, and we walked down the aisle to the front six rows that had been roped off for us. Before I sat in the front row, I saw Sam's and Julianne's hands poking up from the sea of heads, waving to me. I waved back and took my seat.

A few moments later, a familiar voice whispered in my ear, "Hi, gorgeous. What are you doing later?"

Immediately, I felt at ease. Weston was sitting right behind me.

"Whatever you're doing," I whispered back.

He touched his lips to the skin just behind my ear, and then I could hear him settling back into his seat.

"So cute," Kiki said with a knowing smile.

Principal Bringham was introduced, and after a lot of talking by a lot of people, our school song, and the speeches given by the valedictorian and salutatorian, the superintendent and principal took their places. With a microphone in his hand, Coach Morris headed toward the sound booth in the back of the auditorium, getting ready to call names. I stood with the first row of students, and we lined up at the base of the stairs leading to the stage.

"Laura Kathryn 'Kiki' Abrams," Coach Morris's voice called over the PA.

The crowd erupted into applause with several people yelling various cheers. For half a second, I wondered if the room would get awkwardly silent after my name was called, but the thought didn't have enough time to linger.

"Erin Easter Alderman."

After a short pause that was clearly surprise at the name that had been called, the room broke into applause, and both Sam and Weston stood to yell for me.

"Way to go!" Sam said.

Julianne snapped a dozen pictures.

"Woo! Erin!" Weston called. "Good job, babe!"

I climbed the stairs, shook Principal Bringham's hand, and then crossed the stage to the superintendent. I shook with my right hand and took my diploma with my left. Chairs were lined up in rows toward the back of the stage, and I took my place next to Kiki.

"Charlena Nicole Arnt," Coach Morris called.

The crowd erupted again.

One by one, the names were called, students walked across the stage, and then they took their seats. When it was Weston's turn, my small cheers were drowned out by his football and baseball teammates. He took his seat behind me, and once again, he leaned up to kiss me-this time, on the cheek.

As each name was called, there were more empty seats in the reserved section. My throat began to tighten, and my eyes began to burn. The emotion surprised me. I had been counting down the days for this moment. But it wasn't bittersweet or even relief. It was everything I had ever felt from kindergarten to that moment, all at once. Every memory, every smile, every tear, every disappointment, every victory was piling on top of me under the bright stage lights.

Once the formalities were over and we were outside, Mrs. Hunter organized the pandemonium long enough to count down to the moment when we'd throw our graduation caps. The photographer got his camera ready as did all the parents, friends, and various family members. In unison, the graduates ripped off their caps and tossed them into the air.

As the caps returned to earth, Weston pulled me into his arms, and in the height of the celebration, he made the entire world around us freeze in the moment with one incredible kiss. It told our love story, our future, and our past. And it was all in front of nearly everyone we knew. When he finally let me go, slowly, everyone around us began to move again as if they hadn't noticed that we just had one of those moments that only a memory could accurately capture.

Weston hooked his arm around my neck, seeming so much happier than he had earlier in the day.

"Now what?" I asked.

"There's a graduation party at Diversion Dam, complete with a keg and bonfire, or there's a quiet night on our overpass with Fanta Orange, falling stars, and lightning bugs. Lady's choice."

"Wow. That's a tough one," I said, a wide grin spreading across my face.

Chapter Nine

THE CICADAS WERE SINGING in a high pitch, the haunting rise and fall competing with the crickets chirping somewhere in the pastures bordering the overpass. The steady stream of headlights heading north and south beneath us and the intermittent gush of air with each passing semi added to the light breeze blowing through the grass. The twinkling stars above made the evening perfect.

Weston was lying next to me, allowing me to use his arm as a pillow. As soon as we'd stepped out of the air-conditioned cab of his Chevy and spread the denim quilt across the truck bed, I had noticed the early summer heat hadn't left with the setting sun like it usually did this time of year. Even in a white lacy tank top and shorts, the sticky humid air settled on my skin, and beads of sweat were beginning to form along my hairline and at any points where our skin touched-which was a lot.

Weston had dipped his hand into the ice chest and popped the top of a can of Fanta, handing it to me, before we'd settled in. We took turns drinking it as we stared up at the sky, listening to the muted tones of summer.

Graduation hadn't taken long, but the hundreds of pictures, the mingling, the polite good-byes, and hugs and smiles were just the prologue to the family parties, the presents, and the questions about my future and Weston's future and anything else I didn't have the answers to. The soreness in my cheeks from retaining an appreciative, polite smile for hours and the exhausting trading of energy it had taken to socialize were much better than being alone, but it had taken some getting used to.

Thoughts of what I might have done this afternoon had my life not taken such a drastic turn had been a quick reminder to endure the burning in my cheeks and to be grateful that people cared enough to ask me about the future I now had.

Still, sitting quietly with Weston in my very favorite place was the best part of the day. He mindlessly played with my hair while his eyes scanned the millions of stars lighting the sky. They were more visible outside the city limits, so much that each time I looked up from our spot on the overpass, I would suck in a sharp breath at the sight.

"I love you," Weston said simply. His voice was even. It didn't seem like the start of a more difficult or serious conversation. He just wanted to say it out loud.

A grin stretched across my face.

A few months before, Weston had just been a wish, out of reach, but now, I was in his arms. The desperate words he'd said to his parents earlier played over in my head like they had been all day. Between the handshakes and pictures, the reality of being loved-by Weston, by Sam and Julianne-and the responsibility that came with it had become clear. Love in any capacity required understanding, a give and take, conciliation and compromise. Love was a lot more work than being alone, but it was completely worth it.

I peeked over at Weston. He needed me. He was the boy who I'd stolen glances at, waiting for the next time our eyes would meet, as I'd hoped he knew that making his cherry dip cone extra tall somehow translated into a proclamation of love. Now, I was the one person he was desperate to keep, the one he needed in his future. Whether or not we were supposed to love each other that much didn't matter as long as our love played into the continuous forward movement of the infinite span of time ahead.

"I love you, too," I said.

A car driving toward us from down the road, not on the interstate below, piqued my attention, and I lifted my head to see a pair of headlights approaching the overpass from the east road.

"What if it's the sheriff?" I asked.

Weston seemed unfazed. "He'll tell us to move it along. No big deal."

As the vehicle came closer, I saw it was a pickup, and it slowed to a stop just before it reached the bridge. I held my hand up to shelter my squinting eyes from the bright lights. All four doors of the crew cab opened, and several dark forms stepped out.

Weston sat up then, too, and hopped down to the dirty cement below. "Shit," he hissed under his breath.

"You're missing the party!" Brendan stepped out of the path of the headlights just enough so that he was no longer only a silhouette. He was holding a can of Natural Light in his hand, shifting his weight from one leg to the other just to stand upright.

Brady, Andrew, Micah, and Tyson were standing across from him, all holding beers of their own. Tyson seemed a bit unnerved. Andrew's eyes were glazed over, and he was clearly focusing just as hard as Brendan to stay upright.

"Looks like y'all are about done for the night," Weston said. His tone was guarded. He was trying to sound unaffected, but there was a tinge of nervousness in his voice.

"Want a beer?" Brendan asked, tossing a can toward Weston.

He let it fall to the ground near his feet. "Not really."

"What's your deal, Gates?" Andrew asked. "You never come out with us anymore. You've lost your sense of humor since you've been with her." He pointed at me, his aim a little off.

"Pack it up, Erin. We're going to find somewhere else not so crowded," Weston said.

I closed the ice chest and began to fold the blanket.

"You really do think you're too good to hang out with us, don't you?" Brendan said. "What a fuckin' douche bag you've turned into, Gates."

Weston held out his hand and helped me down from the tailgate. Then, he pushed it up, and it latched with a click. "We're going to head out, boys. Have a good night." He pulled his keys from his pocket.

Brady took a step forward. "You've practically spit on Alder's grave, the way you've been hanging all over this skank since they died."

Weston protectively angled his body in front of me. "Why does it upset you so much, Brady? You know how I felt about Alder, how I didn't feel about her."

"I knew," Brady said, his words slurred, his glossy eyes tightening. "Because I was your best fucking friend. And I don't even know you anymore, man."

"So, what? You want to hit me? Did you bring these guys to help beat the shit out of me? What is that going to solve?" Weston asked.

Tyson shook his head. "I'm not hittin' Weston, man. This ain't my fight."

Brady sneered at him. "Pussy."

"Fuck you," Tyson said. "Wes is my friend. I'm not helping you jump him because you-"

"Shut the hell up!" Brady yelled.

Weston narrowed his eyes at Brady. "You were in love with Alder. That's why you're so angry."

Brady chucked his can of beer at Weston, and he covered me with his body. It narrowly missed his shoulder and hit the ground, darkening the dirt on the bridge in a fizzy small black pool.

"You don't know shit," Brady said, taking a step. "You never deserved her. Now, she's dead. And you're banging this skank whore!" he yelled the last word, pointing at me with four fingers.

"C'mon," Weston said, gently grabbing my arm. "Let's go before this gets ugly."

"Too late," Brady said with a guffaw. "You brought ugly with you."

Weston flipped around, but I grabbed his T-shirt. He leaned forward, stretching the white fabric.

"You wanna go?" Brady asked, holding out his hands. "Let's go."

"You're still pretty banged up from the last time I got a hold of you. You sure about this?" Weston asked.

"Weston, please. Let's just leave," I said. My hands were trembling.

Even if Tyson weren't going to help, it would still be four against one.

"Shut up, Skittle tits. I have had it up to here with you," Brady said, holding his fingers up to his forehead. "You move into Alder's room and play house with her parents. It's fucking gross how they've just forgotten about their daughter and let you take her place like she never existed. You'll never be Alder. No matter how much high-dollar soap you use or how many brand-name jeans Julianne buys, you'll still be the secondhand, socially backward spawn of a crack whore, pretending to be one of us."

Weston's hands balled into fists at his sides.

"Please, Weston," I begged. "Please take me home."

Weston shook his head as he took a step despite the fact that I was pulling back on his shirt.

"I don't know how, but I'm going to prove this was a mistake," Brady said. "Alder's parents are going to be ashamed, and that gutter slag will go back to where she belongs."

Weston laughed once without humor. "A mistake? Is that what you're hoping for? Look at her, Brady. She looks like Julianne!"

"Yes, it's a fucking mistake!" Brady said, spitting his words. He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.

Weston gently removed my hand from his shirt. "If you want to know about mistakes, Brady, you should ask your parents."

Before Brady could process the insult, Weston lunged, and they were on the ground. Brendan and Andrew jumped in, too.

"No! Guys!" Tyson yelled, holding out his hand to Micah, forbidding him to join in. "Knock it off!" he said, trying to pull Andrew off the top of the pile.

Brendan scrambled away, lifted his boot, and kicked Weston off of Brady. Weston writhed on the ground for a moment and then tried to pull himself up to his knees.

Brady pulled back his elbow and let his fist fly, knocking Weston square in the jaw. Weston caught himself, his palms flat on the cement.

"Stop!" I screamed.

Brady turned to me, glowering. Keeping his eyes on mine, he kicked Weston in the head, knocking him facedown.

Brendan did the same, landing the toe of his boot into Weston's ribs, and then Andrew did, too. Each time Weston tried to push himself up, they would kick him again.

"That's enough!" Tyson yelled, the veins popping out of his neck.

I pushed past them, throwing myself on top of Weston's body. He was so much bigger than me that I barely covered him. I kept my eyes closed, bracing myself for the next blow.

"Don't you fucking dare!" Tyson yelled again.

I looked up, and he was pointing at Brady, who was poised to attack.

"Get in the truck!" Tyson demanded.

The drunken glaze in their eyes was gone as was the excitement of ganging up on their victim. I held tight to Weston, hearing him holding his breath and then groaning.

He looked up at Brady. "This ain't over, Beck."

"You're damn right it's not," he said, following the others as they climbed back into the pickup.

"You all right?" Tyson asked, standing over us.

"I'll live," Weston said.

Tyson nodded once and then joined the others just before the pickup flipped around, spraying us with gravel. Weston tried to shield me, but he moved slowly.

As the red glow from the brake lights of Brady's truck faded in the distance, Weston sat up onto his knees and spit. A bit of blood remained on his lips, and he wiped it away with his wrist.

I pulled up the bottom hem of my tank top and wiped the dirt and blood from his face.

"This has got to stop," I said, my voice breaking.

"Oh, it will," Weston said, his voice low and menacing.

"No. No more fighting," I pleaded.

"What if you end up alone with him in Stillwater? You think I'm going to let you go there, knowing he's out for blood?"

"Do we have to talk about this now?"

"Then, when? He's always been a dick. This is a whole new level. I never thought he'd have the balls," Weston said before spitting again.

I helped him to his feet. "Are you short of breath?" I asked.

"No," he said, stretching his sore muscles.

"Brady kicked you in the head," I said, worried.

"I felt it," he grumbled.

"We should take you to Julianne and let her check you out just to be safe."

Weston began to protest, but I took his keys. He wasn't fast enough to stop me.

"You don't have a choice. I'm driving."

"You shouldn't have done that," he said.

"Kept them from breaking your ribs?" I asked, helping him to the passenger door.

He slowly climbed up, grunting as he fell into the seat.

"I couldn't just stand there and watch."

"Don't worry. I'll take care of it," Weston said.

"No, you won't," I said before slamming the door. I walked to the other side and grumbled to myself, "I will."

Chapter Ten

"ANDREW, BRENDAN, AND BRADY, HUH?" Frankie said. "Asshole casserole." She shook her head as she stared out the window. "Clearly"-she shook her head again, white-knuckling the counter-"prom wasn't good enough. We need to punch Brady in the uterus and then fill his vagina with sand."

I snorted. "That would be slightly impossible, Frankie, since Brady is male."

"He won't be after I'm finished with him," she snarled.

"No uterus. No vagina."

"Yet. That little douche poodle. I dare him to come to my window. I will never put a curl on his dip cone ever again."

"Oh. Now, he's going to regret everything," I deadpanned.

She turned to me. "What is Weston going to do?"

"Nothing. At least that's what I told him."

"You think he'll listen?"

"He'd better," I grumbled to myself.

She raised an eyebrow. "Look at you, all grown-up and feisty after graduating high school."

I sighed. "This can't end well. They can't keep throwing punches. Someone is going to get hurt. And...Weston was wheezing a little...after. It scared me."

"You're afraid Weston will fight his way into another asthma attack?"

"Yes."

"You've got a point," she said.

I was surprised. Frankie always supported me, but she never agreed with me.

"Tyson is lucky he didn't join in," she said. She wagged her finger at me. "I know his mother. She doesn't allow her kids to behave that way."

"He stopped them. If he hadn't...I don't think Brady would have cared that I was between his foot and Weston."

Frankie seethed, but when we heard a car pull up and she recognized the woman strolling across the parking lot, her cheeks flushed bright red.

"Frankie," I warned.

Lynn stepped in front of my window and waited, looking smug.

Frankie stood next to me, glaring at her, while I lifted the window.

"How can I help you?" I asked, trying to sound as if she were any number of customers who had stood at that window before. I knew she was up to something, or she would have just gone through the drive-through.

"How is Weston?" Lynn asked.

I stared at her with a blank expression.

She smirked.

"What do you want, Lynn?" Frankie snapped. "Order or leave."

"Brady has a bright future ahead of him, Easter. Your future, on the other hand," she said, her eyes looking up the outer wall of the Dairy Queen and then back at me, "fits perfectly inside that little window."

Frankie snorted. "Did you come all the way over here from the country club to taunt her? How old are you again?"

"I just wanted to congratulate Easter on graduating. It's a pity your mother couldn't make it to the ceremony."

"Julianne was there," I said.

"Your real mother," Lynn said without emotion. "The one who lives in the trash can you were raised in."

Frankie looked to me. "Is Brady's family tree a cactus? Because everyone on it is a prick."

I stifled a laugh, and Lynn narrowed her eyes at Frankie.

"You're the town joke, Frances. You're going nowhere. You have the same job you had in high school, and so will your children because you can't afford to give them a decent education."

"Maybe," Frankie said. "But I can and will find a way to get them to college. You raised your son to be a cruel human being. And when most of the people from this town think of him, they won't think of the Beck name or how successful he might or might not be. They will remember only that he was a vile, snide asshole. Live with that."

Frankie slammed the window down, and after a few seconds of deciding whether or not she would try to say something through the glass, Lynn spun on her heels and stomped back to her car.

Frankie turned, leaning her backside against the corner of the counter. "God, I hate that bitch."

I took a deep breath and blew my hair away from my face. "I get the feeling she doesn't like herself either. Veronica said Lynn brags about the mean things Brady says and does to people. Who purposely instills that kind of anger into their children?"

"Lynn Beck," Frankie said, looking for something to keep busy.

The rest of our day was hectic but uneventful. The baseball field stayed empty, and it was more than a little bittersweet to know that Weston would never hop in his pickup and drive across the street to stand in front of my window again.

I was just beginning to get used to driving to a beautiful clean home that didn't smell like weed or stale cigarette smoke, but waking up and having nowhere to go but work was weird.

The first few days of our last summer before life in the real world felt like the weekend, but as the days ran on, they seemed to have too much time in them to think about things like the wonderful but strange turn my life had taken, about why it had all happened, how my luck had changed-and if it would change again.

Too much time meant long days, but before I knew it, Independence Day was upon us. Julianne and I spent a lot of time cooking and decorating the house and sidewalk for the block party Sam and Julianne would put on every year.

Weston spent most of the day helping his mother, too, but as it got closer to dinnertime, everyone was outside, tasting one another's finger foods while chatting about how often they had to water their lawns.

The summer was particularly scorching, and since the City of Blackwell had mandated a citywide water restriction, the grass was already beginning to turn a golden brown. Living in a Southern state where triple digits weren't uncommon for that time of year, I remembered hearing about those mandates before. Complaints about the effects of the water shortage on the lawns hadn't been a topic of conversation at Gina's, and it seemed odd to me.

"Holy crap, it's hot," Weston said, grabbing me as he jogged by.

His hairline was soaked with sweat, his cheeks bright red against his bronzed skin. A pair of aviator sunglasses covered his beautiful green eyes. That was the only thing I didn't like about summer.

Weston hadn't looked Caucasian since a week after graduation, and my pale skin was working on its fourth sunburn of the year.

"Don't forget the sunscreen," Julianne said as she passed by, handing me a spray bottle of SPF 70.

I frowned. Her olive skin was a glorious shade, too. Sam, however, was rubbing a thick white sunblock onto his nose, and he wore a wide-brimmed Panama-style hat.

This is his fault.

"Erin!" Julianne called. "Erin, come meet Mrs. Schrimshire!"

I made a face, and Weston patted me once on the back.

"I try to like parties. I really do," I said before leaving Weston.

I went to greet Julianne and a woman who was old enough not to have any business being in the direct sun. I picked up a plastic cup full of ice water on the way.

"You are just adorable!" Mrs. Schrimshire said with a smile that nearly showed all her dentures.

I handed her the cup. "Here," I said, sounding awkward instead of polite. "It's hot."

Mrs. Schrimshire chuckled and grabbed the cup from my hand before taking a shaky sip. "What a good girl you have here."

"We sure do," Julianne said, beaming with pride. "Erin, Mrs. Schrimshire has lived in this neighborhood the longest. Her husband was an attorney here in town. The Gates took over his firm."

"I sure miss your other Erin. How are you holding up, honey?" Mrs. Schrimshire asked, touching Julianne's arm.

Julianne smiled. "I miss her, too."

"Must be so odd...to be so happy to have your daughter back and to also miss the one you raised."

"It is," Julianne said, handling the uncomfortable conversation like a pro.

"It is so nice to meet you," I said, trying a polite smile.

Julianne winked at me.

"Ribs are ready!" Sam yelled from our yard.

Half the street migrated toward the smoker, and Julianne gestured for me to follow.

"I'm sorry," I said. "I'm terrible at this."

"Stop being so hard on yourself. You're doing just fine, and you look fantastic."

Julianne scanned me from my side braid to the white sundress and navy sandals. She'd bought the dress and helped me choose what shoes to wear.

"Can you come with me to college and help me choose the right outfits?"

"You wear sweats to class in college. And no makeup. Try not to shower either. They look down on you for that," she said, only half-joking.

"Oh, thank God," I said, helping her serve the plates Sam had quickly filled with meat.

Weston appeared next to me. "The Johnsons have a pool," he said, tugging on me.

"Don't you dare!" Julianne shrieked. "It took her forever to get her braid just right, and she doesn't want to look like a river rat before the fireworks!" She looked to me. "Or do you?"

I shook my head.

Julianne playfully narrowed her eyes at Weston. "The neighborhood brats all jump into the pool at once." She poked him with a plastic fork. "Don't think I don't know."

Weston chuckled. "Fine. C'mon, babe, let's find some shade until sunset."

"Lawn chairs are in the garage," Julianne called after us.

Weston grabbed two folded chairs and set them in the shade created by the house. While the sun sizzled on the street, the neighbors ate and chatted under the trees, and the younger kids-who were impervious to the miserable heat-chased each other and threw tiny balls of tissue that would snap when they hit the ground.

"I can see now how deprived I've been," I said, watching the kids yelp each time a ball of tissue hit their feet.

"Do you really mean it?" Weston asked.

I wanted to hold his hand, but my palms were sweaty, and I imagined his were, too.

"No."

"I think about it a lot."

"What I've missed?"

"I wonder how different you would be if you had grown up with your real parents."

"You think I would have acted like Alder?"

He shook his head. "No. I bet you would be the same. Maybe a little more relaxed in social situations..." He trailed off, laughing.

"I can't argue with that," I said.

Weston held a plastic bottle in front of me, and I smiled as I took it from his hand.

"Straight from the cooler," Weston said, proud.

"When I think back on this summer, my memories will consist of the back of your pickup, the overpass, heat that makes my face melt off, and Fanta Orange."

"We'll make other memories, too," Weston said. "I noticed there are a bunch of broken-down boxes in the garage."

"Yes. I'm not sure what they think I'll fill them with."

"All the stuff your crazy mother has bought you. Mom said Julianne has filled the entire guest room with dorm stuff."

I nodded. "A memory foam egg crate for the bed, cutlery, and homemade completely organic cleaners. That's pretty much all."

"That can't be all! Mom said there's an entire roomful of stuff!"

"Towels. Lysol. A furry throw or two from Pottery Barn."

"A throw?" He smirked. "That's just excessive."

I laughed out loud. "Why is your mom snooping in Julianne's guest room? That's weird."

Weston snorted. "Julianne is very proud of your dorm accessories."

"Clearly."

I watched my parents eating and talking and laughing, looking happy-and sweaty. No one really wanted to touch each other-which was nice when I met the neighbors, but not so nice for affectionate people like Sam and Julianne. I could tell they wanted to hug but decided to wait until the sun went down.

"I could really go for an extra-tall cherry dip cone right now. I don't have connections at the Dairy Queen anymore."

"I still work there. Stop pretending you don't get a dip cone every time I'm scheduled."

Weston leaned his head toward me, but he didn't dare touch his wet hair to mine. "Because you love me."

"Yes, I do."

He paused in thought. "Why do you still call it Sam and Julianne's house? It's your house, too."

"Not really."

"Yes, really. My parents' house is my house."

"You've lived there your entire life."

"So, it just feels weird to say it?"

I shrugged. "I guess."

"Does it feel weird to say I'm yours? Because it doesn't feel weird to say you're mine."

I pressed my lips together, trying not to smile. "Some mornings, after waking up, it hits me all over again that this is really happening. I wonder why you're mine."

"Because you're kind and brilliant and beautiful. And you're not like anyone else."

"And because I make you extra-tall cherry dip cones?"

"Exactly," he said with a nod.

He relaxed back into his chair just as the sun spilled pink and orange rays across the sky. I thought about the mural and that our artwork would be there long after we'd left Blackwell behind.

The sun set, and the stars began to peek from the darkness, one at a time. Eventually, the first pop of the fireworks show could be heard, and a spray of red, white, and blue spread out in all directions across the night sky.

Children screamed in delight while the adults oohed and aahed.

Weston reached over and touched my silver necklace. "Are you going to stop wearing it when you're in Stillwater?"

"No," I said. "Why would I?"

He shrugged. "I don't know. Maybe you don't want old things in your new life."

"This is my new life," I said, intertwining my fingers in his.

Chapter Eleven

WESTON AND I WOULD SPEND OUR DAYS AND NIGHTS on the Gates' private dock at Lake Ponca, in our spot at the overpass, and on the couch in his basement. He'd also visit me on the few days when I worked at the Dairy Queen.

Frankie was training a new girl, Jordan, and after a few weeks, it didn't make much sense for me to take up room in the tiny space we had to work in. That, and I would be leaving in less than a week for college.

On my last day at the DQ, Frankie was quiet. The rushes from football and band practice letting out were over, and I was just beginning to clean up the mess we'd made.

A truck snarled in the baseball field parking lot. It was Weston's red Chevy, and he was gunning the engine while parked in his usual spot. He backed out, paused, and then crossed the street before parking on the asphalt, just like he had done a hundred times since he got his license.

My heart fluttered. He wasn't wearing his baseball uniform, but he was in a T-shirt and basketball shorts, his toned long arms bulging from his sleeves.

He approached my window and smiled. I pulled it open. Asking him what he wanted was unnecessary, but he was making a gesture. This was the last time he would drive across the street and order from me.

"Can I help you?" I asked, feeling a bit sentimental.

"Hi, Erin," he said from under his bangs. His emerald-green eyes glowed as he tried to stifle a grin.

"Hi."

"I'd like a cherry dip cone, please. Extra tall."

"You got it," I said, turning.

Jordan and Frankie both watched me take a cone from the holder and then pull on the soft-serve lever. I made his extra-tall cone, smiled as I created my very last curl on the top, and then turned again, dipping the ice cream into the cherry coating. The gooey red layer hardened as I carefully handed it to Weston under the window.

"Thanks, babe," he said before taking a large bite off the top as he always did. "I wanted to be your last one."

He dropped a few dollars on the counter, and I gave him his change. He winked at me before swaggering back to his pickup.

"That," Frankie said, "was disgusting. I'm so glad today is your last day, so I'll no longer be forced to witness your grotesque public affection."

"Technically, that wasn't PDA," Jordan said. She shrank back when Frankie shot her an intimidating glare.

I crossed my arms. "How is Mark? He's come to the drive-through at least once every time I've been here."

She snarled, "He is wonderful. He allegedly loves me and my crazy kids. He wants to move in together. I said not yet."

"Not yet?" I asked.

"He's nice. I like him a lot. But not yet."

"Fair enough," I said.

"I still can't believe you're leaving me," Frankie whined, turning to restock the cups. "I mean, I knew it was coming. I've known you weren't going to stick around here, but it won't be the same without you."

"That doesn't make me feel bad at all," Jordan said, pushing up her black-rimmed glasses.

"It's not all about you, sticky fingers," Frankie snapped.

Jordan shot her a look of confusion, and Frankie narrowed her eyes.

"Don't think I haven't seen you popping MandM's into your mouth every time you walk by."

Jordan shook her head. "I haven't. I-"

Frankie pointed at her. "You're lucky you use plastic spoons. Otherwise, that's unsanitary, and Patty would fire you for contaminating the toppings."

Jordan began to protest again, but I touched her shoulder. "She warms up."

"No, I don't," Frankie grumbled, picking at the wet rag in her hand.

She does, I mouthed.

Jordan nodded, a desperate expression on her face.

I remembered my first days with Frankie. She'd yelled at me a lot, accused me of eating the candy, and then offered me a ride home.

Jordan was quiet, like me, and would do just fine.

Patty came in with a bright smile on her face. I untied my apron and hung it on the hook for the last time.

"I can't watch," Frankie said, turning her back to me.

"Thought I'd come by to say good-bye," Patty said.

She hugged me, and then Frankie turned and hugged me at the same time.

They held me longer than I had expected, so my eyes danced around the room while I waited for them to let go. I patted Frankie's shoulder, and then Patty finally eased her grip.

"We're going to miss you around here, kiddo. Have fun at college," Patty said with a wink. "Try to visit if you get a chance."

I nodded. "Thank you, Patty, for..." The list was too long. "Everything. I'm really going to miss it here. You've always been good to me."

"You've always deserved it," Patty said.

"Get out of here." Frankie sniffed. "Enjoy what's left of your summer."

I hugged them once more, waved to Jordan, and then walked through the back room, pulling my car keys out of my pocket.

Weston had turned north out of the parking lot, so I knew he wasn't headed home.

After getting into my BMW, I sat in the driver's seat and pressed the ignition button, listening to the engine snarl to life just as my phone chimed. Then, it sounded again.

One text message was from Weston, and the other was from Sam, both asking how my day had gone. I grinned. They were my favorite men in the entire universe.

I responded to both of them that I was sad, happy, and on my way home. Then, I pulled the gear into drive. Being behind the wheel of my shiny red BMW was no longer nerve-racking. My hands didn't tremble every time the wheels moved forward. I could change lanes like it was nothing, and sometimes, I would even go a mile or two over the speed limit.

When I arrived, Julianne was just getting out of her car, looking svelte in a dark pantsuit. "Hi, honey!" she lilted when I stepped out of the car. "How was work?" Her voice echoed in the oversized garage.

"Good. A little sad. Where have you been?"

"At the clinic," she said, her eyes bright. "Paperwork."

"You're really doing it?" I asked.

"Yes," she said quickly. Then, her smile faded a bit. "Is that okay?"

"Yeah!" I said, my voice too high. "Completely. I'm super excited for you."

Her smile returned, and she sighed, relieved. "Are you sure you won't need me? You'll just be settling in-"

"I'll be fine. I can just call you, right?"

"Right!" she said, nodding emphatically. "Uh...dinner? I'm craving Los Potros like crazy."

"Me, too, actually," I said.

She gestured for me to follow her inside the house. "I'll call Sam. I think his last case might be over by five, if we're lucky."

"I'll just..." I began, pointing upstairs.

"Oh, yeah. Wash the Queen off. I'll be down here, ready when you are," she said, half in the kitchen, half in the hallway. She was tugging her earrings from the holes in her ears.

"It won't take long." I headed for the stairs.

She dismissively waved me away. "Take your time. Oh! Erin?" she called.

I paused. The tone in her voice was different but familiar. She was nervous, unsure.

"Yes?" I asked.

"Can you come here for a minute?"

I joined her in the kitchen. She held a rectangular piece of thin paper in her hand with an uneasy grin on her face.

"What's that?" I asked

She held it out for me to see. "Sam found it. It's the darnedest thing. Just hadn't dawned on me until now."

I stood next to her, taking a glimpse at the photograph in her hand. It was of Julianne in a hospital bed. She was red-faced, sweaty, and overjoyed.

"It's us," Julianne said, her eyes glossing over. "Sam snapped this seconds after you were born before they took you away. This is you, Erin-me and you."

I stared at the picture for a full minute, noting how dark and thick my hair was, how happy Julianne seemed, the way she held me in her arms. It was our first picture together and our last...until recently.

I looked over at a frame on the barstool side of the kitchen island. It held a photograph of Sam, Julianne, and me. Weston had taken it just after graduation. I was in my cap and gown, and Sam and Julianne were beaming. The metal frame bore elegant cursive that spelled Family.

I felt my throat tighten, and I threw my arms around Julianne.

She hugged me back and chuckled, surprise evident in her voice.

"I love you, Mom."

Julianne's breath caught, and then she touched her cheek to my hair. "I love you, sweetheart. You have always been my greatest joy."

The back door opened and closed, and then Sam's footsteps echoed down the hall. He froze in the doorway. "Everything okay?"

Julianne sniffed. "She loves her mom."

Sam's shoulders fell, and he smiled.

"I love my dad, too," I said.

He frowned, and then his bottom lip quivered. He dropped his suitcase and walked the few steps to our embrace. He eclipsed both of us with his body, encompassing Julianne and me with his arms.

I had been involved in not one but two sad embraces that day, but what amazed me the most was that it was okay. Neither had felt awkward or forced. Not only had I accepted that I was loved, but also that I was worthy of and deserved that love.

"We're doing Los Potros for dinner," I said, my voice muffled.

Sam and Julianne both released me and chuckled.

"I'm just going to take a quick shower," I said, pointing up.

Sam nodded, his eyes full of tears. "Good idea. You smell."

Julianne playfully backhanded his arm.

"I'll be down in fifteen minutes," I said.

"Okay, sweetie," Julianne said.

As I climbed the stairs, I heard Julianne ask Sam about his day.

"I missed you like hell," he said.

I grinned all the way to my room. Our family was a circle of strength and love, and that was what made me the proudest to be a part of it.

I scrubbed the milk, sugar, and chocolate syrup from my hands and fingernails, and then I lathered the soap over everywhere else before standing under the hot stream of water just long enough to rinse away the soap.

My cell phone buzzed on the bathroom counter as I brushed my teeth. The message was from Weston, wondering if I had plans for dinner.

I responded with a yes, explaining that my parents and I were going out.

He didn't reply.

I combed the tangles from my hair and then slipped on a green sundress and white wedges, forgoing makeup and leaving my hair damp in the interest of time.

When I made it back to the kitchen, Sam and Julianne were chatting, looking incredibly happy and in love, still in the same clothes they'd had on earlier.

"You look lovely," Sam said.

"Thank you. Do you think, if Weston texts me back, he could join us for dinner? I think he was hoping to make plans."

"Sure, honey," Julianne said, picking up her purse from the counter. "Just tell him to meet us there."

I followed them to Sam's car. Once I settled into the backseat and buckled my seat belt, I sent Weston another text.

We arrived at the restaurant, and we were seated almost immediately. We walked past the full tables of people from our tiny town. They stared at us until we sat down, still curious about our new family.

The tiny triangles hanging from strings on the ceiling were trembling from the air-conditioning blowing from the ducts.

"Has Weston said anything?" Julianne asked.

I looked down at my phone. Nothing. I shook my head.

"He's probably helping his dad," Sam said, looking at the menu.

"Why are you reading that?" Julianne teased. "You order the same thing every time."

"I do not," Sam said.

Julianne raised an eyebrow. A waiter approached the table, setting down a basket of homemade chips and a bowl of salsa.

"Waters, Senor Alderman?" the waiter said.

We all nodded.

"One large queso?" the waiter asked.

Julianne winked at me.

Sam nodded.

"Pollo loco, no beans?" the waiter asked.

Sam pretended to look over the menu while we patiently waited, and then he nodded. "Yes, Carlos, thanks."

Julianne snickered, and I tried to keep from smiling.

"Do they have a Los Potros in Stillwater?" Sam asked.

"I don't think so, Senor," the waiter said. "No."

Sam looked at me, very serious. "You can't go to OSU."

"Oh, stop!" Julianne said, cackling.

Carlos waited.

"We'll have the same," Julianne said.

The waiter nodded, knowing us well enough that we ordered the same matching meals every time.

My cell phone chimed.

No, thanks.

"Is Weston on his way?" Julianne asked. "Maybe we should have waited to order until he got here?"

I shook my head.

"He's with his dad," Sam said.

I turned my phone to show them his message, and they traded glances.

Sam shrugged. "I'm sure Peter is keeping him busy."

The waiter returned with the waters and a bowl that looked like a mini witch's cauldron full of melted white cheese.

Sam dipped a chip into the queso and hummed as he chewed. "Why? Why is it so good?"

"It's made with love," Carlos said with a grin.

After the waiter walked away, Julianne frowned. "Am I the only one who feels that text isn't like Weston?"

"Julianne..." Sam warned.

"Oh, c'mon, Sam. He's insanely head over heels for our daughter and asks her about her dinner plans. When she asks him to join us, he says, 'No, thanks.' No. Something is wrong."

"Honey..." Sam said, this time more firm.

Julianne pulled out her phone and tapped out a text.

"You're not texting Weston...are you?" I asked, wary.

Her nose wrinkled. "No. I'm texting Veronica."

Sam snapped his wife's phone from her palm and buried it in his lap with an awkward smile.

Julianne's jaw hung open.

"Why don't we let Erin figure it out, darling?" Sam used the tone he saved for when he was aggravated but was trying to be nice.

"Figure what out?" I asked, my eyes dancing between my parents.

Julianne sat back in her seat, deflated. "I'm helping too much again, aren't I?"

Sam leaned over and kissed his wife's cheek. "It's one of the many things I adore about you...but yes."

He relinquished her phone, and she put it away.

"Do you know something about Weston that I don't?" I asked.

Julianne shook her head. "No, but you might have noticed that I'm a fixer. Your dad has asked that I work on that."

Sam patted her on the shoulder, proud.

I looked down, wondering what on earth was going on with Weston. I hadn't thought too much about it, but Julianne was right. The text wasn't like him. There were probably things to fix, and I wasn't sure I had any more words to fix them.

I shot off a reply.

We're at Los Potros. If you're hungry, you should come.

Weston didn't answer, so I sent another.

Are you upset?

Still, there was no reply.

Are you just busy? Can you at least let me know you're all right?

I'm all right.

I slammed my phone next to me in the booth.

Sam and Julianne were surprised by my reaction. Sam seemed a bit overwhelmed as he stroked Julianne's shoulder, and then he reached across the table to pat my hand. Our nice family dinner had quickly gone downhill.

I forced a grin and lifted my chin. "I'll figure it out later. I'm okay. Weston is probably okay. We should enjoy our dinner. We don't have many left."

Julianne's eyes filled with tears, and her bottom lip began to tremble.

"Oh no. No, no," I said, holding out my hands. "That's not what I meant."

"Honey, please," Sam said.

Those around us who weren't staring before certainly were now.

I covered my eyes with my hand and looked down.

Sam chuckled once, and Julianne and I both shot him a look.

"This is real life, my loves." He laughed again. "We are a real family."

Chapter Twelve

I FACED FORWARD, staring at the night sky, next to Weston in the cab of his pickup truck. The engine was silent, and the cars beneath the overpass made the occasional swish that let me know I was in my beloved place. But in that moment, it wasn't.

Weston had barely spoken since he met me in Sam and Julianne's drive half an hour before. He hadn't responded to further texts, and he'd seemed more than just a little pissed off when I climbed into the passenger seat. I wouldn't break the silence though. He had to fix whatever was bothering him this time.

He sighed but didn't speak. A minute went by and then another. The air was beginning to grow thick, and the cab of the truck was full of everything we hadn't said.

"Are you mad?" he finally asked.

"Are you?"

He craned his neck at me and then swallowed. "Why would I be mad?"

After a few seconds of silent disbelief, I turned to him. "If you're not, then why are you acting like you are?"

"I'm not mad."

"You're not?"

"I'm...nervous."

My expression twisted. "What are you talking about?"

"I saw Brady today."

"Oh."

"At Gose Jewelers."

"Oh?"

"He said he was going to tell you what I was doing there, and it dawned on me that you might be pissed. Even though"-he squirmed in his seat-"it's not meant to piss you off."

He kept his eyes forward and held up his arm between us, across the seat. He was pinching his class ring between his index finger and thumb. It was a thick gold band with black etchings-our class year on one side, a baseball on the other. The gem was garnet, meant to signify our primary school color and mascot, the Maroon Spirit. The band was a lot smaller than the last time I'd seen it. It was definitely too small to fit on any of his fingers.

I raised an eyebrow. "You...had your ring sized?"

"To fit your finger."

"The necklace wasn't enough?"

He faced me, dismayed. "Brady was right. You're pissed."

"I'm not...pissed. I just thought that maybe you might have asked before doing something so drastic." I raised my hands, fingers spread apart. "I don't wear rings, Weston."

He let his hand fall.

"It's really sweet," I said.

"I had it all planned out. It wasn't until Brady reminded me that I remembered. You're...you."

"What is that supposed to mean?" I asked, offended.

His shoulders fell, and he looked out his window. He shook his head. "Nothing." His head fell back against his headrest, and he blew out a breath.

"You asked me to say that I needed you. I did because I do. You asked for promises. I made them. Now, you want to put a ring on my finger."

"Just until I can save up for a real one."

"A real what?"

He expectantly looked over at me, waiting for the answer to come to me.

I snapped my open mouth shut. "No. No. I don't want that, not yet."

"Don't worry. It's going to take me a while. The ones I saw at Gose's were expensive."

My mouth turned dry, and my lungs weren't getting enough air. "What is this obsessive need you have to put a leash on me? I've been waiting my whole life to get out of here and be free, and it's like you can't wait to put me back on a chain!"

Weston suddenly appeared very tired. "Yep. You're pissed."

"I'm not pissed! I can't...I love you, but I can't keep...you have to stop!"

"Just say it."

"Say what?" The tone of my voice scared me more than his words.

"You're going to start packing soon. I figured you would say it at some point before."

My chest hurt with searing physical pain. "Why are you doing this? Why are you trying to push me away? Does everything really have to be the way you want it or not at all?"

Weston held up the ring. "Does this look like I'm pushing you away?"

I looked at the ring, my heart breaking. "Why is this so hard?" I looked down. "It shouldn't be this hard."

"No, it shouldn't."

I peeked over at him. "Can't you just be patient? This is a lot for me."

His jaw flitted under his skin. "You're leaving the day after tomorrow. I don't wanna...if you don't want the ring, that's fine. I should have known better. Erin...I'm..." He formed his mouth around the breath he blew out. "I'm just going to let you go. I think that's best."

"Are you breaking up with me?" I asked. "Because I won't wear that?"

"Does it matter?"

I puffed like the air had been knocked out of me. "I don't understand what's happening."

He faced forward, clenching his teeth. "Do you want me to take you home?"

I winced. "Yes."

The truck engine revved, and he threw the gear into drive, surging forward until we were on the other side of the overpass. He yanked the wheel to the left, flipping us in a one-eighty, and then stomped on the gas. We practically flew to my house. He didn't pull into the drive. Instead, he stopped at the curb just long enough for me to climb down. I didn't even get the door shut before he pulled away, the sudden forward motion closing it for me.

Weston's truck quickly rounded the corner, but I made sure to get inside before I could hear whether he went home or drove away. I didn't want to know.

I tried to be quiet as I walked up the stairs, but just as I reached the top, Julianne called my name.

"Everything all right?"

"No," I said, sitting on the stairs in a huff. "He's mad at me-again."

"What happened?"

"He sized his class ring. He wanted me to wear it. He had it all planned out and wanted it to be special, but I freaked out and ruined the whole thing. I think he broke up with me."

Julianne's cheeks filled with air, and then she slowly blew it out, looking to be in deep thought. "Whoa."

"Yeah."

"Well..." She climbed the stairs. Her white satin robe caught the moonlight coming in from the window over the door. "Gosh," she said, sitting a couple of stairs below me.

"Yeah."

"Want me to wake up Dad?"

"No," I said, hating the whiny sound in my voice. "We've had such a good summer. And I've told Weston everything he wants to hear. I think we can make it work. But none of that is good enough. He wants a necklace around my neck and a ring on my finger. And now, he's talking about real rings."

"Real what?"

"Not until later," I clarified.

Julianne nodded, relieved. "Oh my, he's got it bad."

"Literally. And not in a teenage colloquialism way either."

Julianne breathed a laugh out of her nose. "I don't know about that, but it does seem like you keep having the same conversation."

"Ad nauseam."

"Okay, so maybe he's right. Maybe it's time to take a break. You'll be busy packing for the next couple of days, and then you'll be moving to Stillwater. Once you're settled in and comfortable with your classes, you can give him a call."

I frowned. "I feel like that's what he wants. I feel like he's pushing me away-unintentionally, yet he's doing it on purpose."

"He's testing you."

I pointed at her. "Yes."

"Because he's insecure."

"Yes." I thought about that for a while. "You're right. We need some space. He has to figure this out. I can't do it for him."

She leaned her cheek against my knee. "I'm in his boat."

"You mean that he's a fixer, too?"

"He wants all the ducks in a row in a way that makes sense to him. Like your dad said, he's trying to control the only thing he can because everything else feels so far out of his reach."

"I shouldn't fault him for that. Shouldn't I love him through it?"

"You can but not at the expense of your needs."

I felt sick. "This is all way too grown-up for me. I don't feel equipped to handle this."

"Oh, you are. That's the problem. Things would be so much easier on him if you behaved like a typical eighteen-year-old girl in love, put the ring on your finger, and begged for a diamond sooner rather than later. He needs a little while to catch up, to see things from a reasonable perspective, but it'll happen."

"I feel sorry for him," I said. "He deserves someone that can be all giddy about this stuff."

"I don't," Julianne said without hesitation. "You're being smart about this. He'll respect you for it later."

"You think so?"

"I know so. He's panicking. It'll pass."

I hugged my mother, and then I hurried up the stairs, falling into bed with my cell phone in hand.

You're panicking. It'll pass.

After several minutes with no response, I put my cell phone on the nightstand.

Rain began to thump against the window. The thunder rumbled first, far off in the distance. Before long, lightning crackled beyond the borders of my window, flashing in pulses into my bedroom.

I tried not to think about Weston, but it became impossible. A few regrets but mostly sweet moments kept popping into my mind. Once, I had fantasized about what it might be like to be loved by Weston Gates. Now, time had turned inside out, and love was a ridiculous roller coaster, an ultimatum, an impasse-at least, what was left of it.

My heart broke as my thoughts turned just as dark as the night between the lightning. He'd just wanted to give me his ring. It was such a puppy-love thing to do.

Why have I acted so offended by his every attempt to hold on to me?

It seemed like we were having two very different conversations. Rings, necklaces, and promises aside...I was jeopardizing our relationship for refusing to love him his way instead of mine.

Can I really say good-bye to the boy I've dreamed about since before I knew what love was?

A horrible realization hit. Is it already too late?

A soft knock on the door prompted me to lift my head.

"Any word?" Julianne whispered from the doorway.

"No. Have you heard from Veronica? Is he home?"

She nodded. "He's home."

I lay back against my pillow. "Good."

"He'll come around. Try to get some sleep," she said with her soft mom voice. She disappeared into the dark hall.

Thunder rolled over our house, louder than it had been since the storm began. Part of me wanted to stomp across the rain-soaked lawns and pound on his door until he listened, but we had gone back and forth for nearly three months. He was desperate, and I was beginning to think I was broken.

Despite the heavy thoughts bouncing around in my head, the rain slowly sang me to sleep. I dreamed of emerald-green eyes, soft fingertips on my skin, and a lonely empty dorm room.

When my eyes opened, I waited for relief or the feeling of a second chance, a tiny shred of hope. It never came.

I rolled over onto my side, ignoring the chipper birds on the branches outside my window and the sunshine pouring through the sheer curtains. Everything Weston had ever said to me scrolled through my mind like credits, read in his soothing deep voice. I already missed him. My hand shot out from under the blanket and took my phone from the night table. I was almost afraid to look.

But I did, and the display read exactly the way I'd expected it to. There was nothing. I wondered what he was doing at that moment-if he were awake, if he were keeping busy, if he were wondering about me or trying not to, if he regretted molding his ring into the shape of my finger.

"Erin?" Sam called from downstairs. "Up and at 'em, babycakes! We've got a big day!"

The hours dragged on with organizing, packing, and shopping. It would have been nice if packing had kept my mind from Weston, but the more I tucked away, the further he felt.

On moving day, Sam stacked Julianne's SUV with boxes and bags, rearranging it all at least twice until he was satisfied with the way it fit.

"I'm not going to cry," Julianne said. "It's just a car ride. We've driven to Stillwater a hundred times. This is no different. We're just...taking our only child to...I'm going to cry," she said, her breathing suddenly labored.

"No, you're not," Sam said, handing her a tumbler with a straw. "Chamomile. Sip and think of how brilliant your daughter will be and all that money she will make to help keep you and me in the finest retirement home."

I smirked.

"Well? It's time, kiddo," Sam said.

Julianne's lips pressed into a hard line as she retreated to the passenger seat and slammed the door.

"Is she going to be okay?" I asked, looking around.

"Yes. Are you?"

I walked a few steps out into the yard and glanced each way. Weston's truck wasn't in the drive.

Sam waved me back with an understanding expression. "Come on, honey. It's time to go."

I nodded, deflated. "I thought he'd at least say good-bye."

"He still has time. Maybe he'll come out tomorrow or something. He doesn't leave for a few more days."

"I have orientation tomorrow," I said, opening the door of my BMW.

Sam watched as I sat in the driver's seat. He pushed his round tortoise shell glasses up the bridge of his nose. "Try not to worry about it, honey. It's best to focus on school now. Today is what you've been dreaming about for a long time. I just want you to think about that."

I nodded.

Sam walked to the SUV and slid in next to Julianne. He backed out of the drive and then pulled up a bit until I did the same. We paused briefly at the Stop sign, and then they pulled onto Chrysler Avenue, turning east.

Chapter Thirteen

BEING ALONE IN THE CAR for an hour and fifteen minutes did nothing to help keep my mind off of Weston. It was the day I'd been dreaming of, but things were very different than I had imagined. Leaving wasn't an escape. It was good-bye, and I wasn't sure how I should feel about it.

The radio seemed to know how low I was feeling, the DJ playing every sad song on his list. Then, the upbeat songs just reminded me that I couldn't cheer up, and that only made me feel worse.

Sam pulled into the parking lot of my dorm. Most of the parking spaces were already taken, so he parallel-parked next to a tree that I was pretty sure was not a legal spot. He hopped out and directed me to park behind him.

"They'll forgive us today," he said with a reassuring smile. It faded when he saw my expression. "Sweet pea, come here."

He pulled me into a hug, and then Julianne's footsteps stopped next to us.

I looked up at her, and her eyes were as red and wet as mine. I sniffed and then wiped my eyes, and Julianne did the same.

She nodded. "Okay. We can do this." She lowered her chin and cupped my cheeks. "This is a good day. This is a great day."

After I checked in and received my paperwork and key, I returned to where my parents stood at the open SUV.

"Here we go. This is it. This is the day," Sam said, holding a laundry basket full of various items above his head.

Julianne began to giggle, and then I did, too.

I stacked two of the smaller boxes and lifted them into my arms.

"Thank God there is an elevator." Julianne huffed as she lifted a box. "This is Bennett Hall." She smiled. "It's the best. Boone Pickens Stadium is just right there, and they have the best food."

I shot an appreciative smile at Sam. "You know how much I love food."

"That wasn't my call," Sam admitted. "You can thank Mom for getting the inside scoop on that one."

I turned my charm on high and pointed it straight at Julianne.

"Didn't I tell you we've got you taken care of?" she said, pleased with herself.

"Let me carry that, Julianne," a smooth deep voice said from behind the SUV.

Weston stepped around, holding out his arms. My stomach sank, and my heart leaped.

Julianne lugged the box over to him and then stacked another one on top of that. "Nice of you to show up, Wes."

"Yes, ma'am," he said simply.

Julianne grabbed a couple of bags and followed Sam toward the building.

"Hi," I said, instantly feeling stupid over my simple greeting.

His eyes didn't give anything away. "I wasn't doing anything else today. I figured I'd be a complete dick if I didn't come help you move."

"Thank you," I said, my voice sounding small.

"It doesn't mean anything. I'm just being a friend."

I nodded, and we walked together across the lot until we got to the lobby. Sam was holding the elevator while Julianne held the papers that told us which room I was in and the directions to get there.

"Second floor," Julianne said. "Two thirty-seven."

Sam pushed the button, and Weston and I did our best to fit inside with our full loads. Our arms were pressed together, and I ached for his warm soft skin.

The elevator opened. Weston walked out into the hall, looking in both directions. Sam passed us and led the way. Julianne followed him, and Weston brought up the rear.

Once inside, Sam lowered his boxes, and Julianne put the bags on the floor. She pulled out a stack of folded sheets, handed them to me, and tossed the memory foam mattress to Weston.

"Get to work!" Julianne said with a smile.

The single bedroom suite had a full kitchen and a washer and dryer, and it seemed to go on forever.

"I'm feeling a little overwhelmed," I said.

Sam put his hands on my shoulders. "You mean overjoyed. This is a great day, remember? We'll go get more of your things."

"I'll help," Weston said, taking a step.

Julianne put her hand on her chest. "We helped pack. You can help her unpack."

Weston nodded once.

After a few moments of awkward silence, Sam took his wife by the hand, and they shut the door behind them.

Weston unzipped the clear plastic bag that held the memory foam and unrolled it over the mattress. I unfolded the fitted sheet, and he held out his hands.

"Thanks again," I said as we worked together to make the bed.

"This is a nice place."

I couldn't think of anything amazing to say, so I didn't say anything at all.

"Seems like a lot for just you."

My cheeks flushed. "Are you insulting me or trying to make me feel guilty?"

He sighed. "Neither."

We finished the bed and began unpacking boxes. Sam and Julianne were in and out. Weston hooked up a lamp and then unpacked the organic cleaners and the rest of the kitchen while I put away clothes.

Once everything had been brought upstairs, Sam began helping Julianne hang up pictures, making the suite look a little more like home.

Weston ambled about until he finally sat on the couch. "Did you guys rent this?" he said, spreading out his arms and resting them on top of the cushions.

"No, it's furnished," Julianne said.

Weston tried not to be impressed. "I'm pretty sure my apartment in Dallas will look nothing like this."

Sam chuckled. "I'm going to guess your parents will make sure you're living safe and well."

"I'm not going to Duke anymore, remember?" Weston smirked.

"So I've heard. Peter also mentioned he was proud of you for making a choice and standing by it. He's also bragged on some of your charcoals, specifically the one of my daughter."

I held my breath. Weston looked like Sam had just punched him.

"Yeah...that's not up anymore."

At that moment, I felt like the one who'd been punched. I found the closest seat and sat down.

Sam looked around. "We, um...we forgot a few things."

"Like what?" Weston said. "I'll go grab it."

"Trash bags, for one," Julianne said. "Sea salt and black pepper granules for the grinders."

Weston looked at me. "Is she serious right now?"

I shrugged.

Sam tugged on his wife. "Let's go, honey. We can beat the rush of other parents who forgot things."

They scurried out the door, leaving Weston and me feeling too much in a big suite boiling over with tension.

I covered my face. "You don't have to stay. You can leave."

"Thanks," he said, standing.

"You don't have to," I said, panicking. "I just meant that if you didn't want to stay here...I wanted to say good-bye, but I didn't expect you to help us move. I appreciate it."

"We've already said good-bye. You've been saying it for months."

I sank into the back cushion of the chair. "That's not true."

"You're still wearing it."

I touched the necklace, feeling my cheeks catch fire. "Should I take it off? I don't really know how this works."

"Do what you want," he snapped.

I crossed my hands over my stomach. It had been so long since I needed to protect myself against anyone trying to hurt me that I was out of practice.

Weston's hands went up and then fell to his thighs. He was wearing his typical basketball shorts, red, with a navy T-shirt and a backward red ball cap, his shaggy brown hair peeking out. "I don't want to fight. I'm just going to..." He pointed to the door, and then he scooped his keys and walked toward it.

"You can't keep leaving," I said, standing.

He turned around, his jaw set. "What?"

"You can't keep breaking my heart and then blaming me for it."

His eyebrows shot up, and he pointed to his chest. "I broke your heart?"

"This is the last time I'll let you come here. If you quit on me, I quit, too." A hot tear burned down my cheek, but I wiped it away.

Weston shook his head with a disgusted look on his face. "I don't even know why I came." He reached for the knob.

"Because you love me!" I said, my voice breaking. "And you know I love you! So, why? I still don't know what I did wrong!"

Weston stared at me like I was on fire.

I took a step. "Because I didn't put your ring on my finger? Because I don't want to move in with you? You're wrong," I said, pointing. "I don't know the first thing about love, but you're wrong. You're the one hurting me...and you...for no reason. We were happy. We were together, and now, we're not. I didn't do that," I said, breathing out a faltering breath. "You left me."

Weston's eyes fell to the floor. His Adam's apple bobbed when he swallowed, and he gripped the knob. "Enjoy Stillwater." He paused. "I mean that."

As he walked out the door, I grabbed the closest thing to me-a frame-and out of pure frustration, I chucked it at the door. It shattered, and I covered my mouth. Julianne had bought that because it looked a lot like our family frame, but it said Happy. Now, happy was lying in pieces all over the floor.

He'd left me.

I walked over to the window. Sam and Julianne stopped Weston in the parking lot. Weston's fingers were hooked on his hips, and he was shifting his weight from one leg to the other as if he couldn't stand still.

Sam put his hand on his shoulder, and Julianne hurried toward the building. Weston turned his ball cap around, pulled it low over his brow, and then hung his head. Sam pulled him closer, and Weston hugged him tight.

The thought of my new frame lying in fragments on the floor made me rush over to the entryway, but I wasn't sure where the broom was, and Julianne was already knocking anyway.

I slowly opened the door, feeling ashamed the moment her eyes fell on the broken remains at her feet.

"Oh, Erin," Julianne said, joining me on the floor. She helped with the large pieces and then walked to the hallway closet.

"I'm so sorry," I said. "I might have thrown a small tantrum."

"What did he say to you?"

"Not much. I did most of the talking. He did the walking out. He's gotten pretty good at that."

Julianne frowned. "He's so lost and confused. I'm sorry he's taking it out on you."

Sam knocked on the door, still opened a bit from when Julianne had come in. "You've got it?" he said.

He retrieved the dustpan from the closet, and then he held it in place so that Julianne could sweep up the last bit of shards.

Minutes later, the floor was clean, and the remnants of my anger had been thrown away in one of my new trash bags. It was like happy had never happened.

"I know it's hard to believe now," Sam said, "but he's hurting-mostly himself. He's trying not to care if you care anymore. Boys aren't as tough as our counterparts. We flail around like toddlers learning to walk, taking out everything around us while trying to get to where we're going. Anything that's halfway scary makes us wail like banshees."

Julianne and I chuckled.

"It's so true," she said, shaking her head. "Remember that time-"

"Yes," Sam said, cutting her off. "Let's not revisit it." He looked to me. "That boy is going to figure out what he's done, and if he has any sense, he'll come back on his knees, begging for your forgiveness."

"He won't have to beg," I said, touching my necklace while looking out the window.

"Class dismissed," Professor Kelley said, her blonde curls bouncing.

I gathered my things and followed the herd to the hallway. Then, I made my way down the steps and out the exit toward Bennett Hall.

Fall was always unpredictable in Oklahoma. Thanksgiving break was just a day away, and although the sun was shining, it wasn't uncommon for the state to see a thirty-degree drop in temperature the next day.

The weather was on the warmer side, but the relentless wind was chilly. I pulled my coat tighter as I walked back to my dorm, keeping my head down.

For as long as I had dreamed about my college days at Oklahoma State University, never once had I imagined coming home for the holidays, but Julianne would be cooking a turkey, and Sam had offered to pick me up after whatever reason he'd made up to be in Stillwater the last day before break.

I crossed Hall of Fame Avenue, and then turned east toward Bennett Hall. Someone jogged next to me and walked several steps before I looked up to see who it was.

I froze. "Brady," I said.

He towered over me, a smug expression on his face. "OSU must be desperate. They're just letting anyone in these days."

I stuffed my hands in my pockets, glaring up at him. I hadn't let Weston retaliate for when they jumped him, hoping to spare us all more violence. Running into Brady had been at the back of my mind since orientation, but I was certain about one thing. Brady Beck wasn't allowed to intimidate me anymore.

"Well," I said, continuing my walk home, "it is a state school."

Brady followed.

"One of my frat brothers was asking about you when he found out where you graduated. I told him you had a raging case of herpes."

"How very mature of you."

Brady jerked me to a stop by my coat, and leaned in. "

I yanked away, and he blinked. "This isn't high school, Brady. No one cares who your parents are or what kind of truck you drive. No one even cares if you're an asshole. Not even me. But this is the rest of my life, and you're not invited."

Brady laughed once. "That's it? That's your big speech?"

I tilted my head. "Is that what you want? A speech? Theatrics?" I shook my head. "I don't need to hate you to feel better about myself, and here you are, begging for me to pay you some attention. Chasing me down for any pathetic morsel you can get."

Brady shifted his weight from one foot to the other.

"Do you hear me?" I asked, leaning toward him, refusing to even blink. "I don't hate you, Brady. I don't feel anything toward you at all."

He looked at me with pure disgust. "Well, I hate you, you nasty cunt."

I stared straight into his eyes. "I know. We've established that. Can we both move on with our lives, now? Or do you require more of my attention?"

"Fuck you," he said, walking away.

I exhaled, and continued on my trek to Bennett. I felt a thousand pounds lighter with every step, knowing that if Brady ever thought of speaking to me again, my words would be in the back of his mind. Precedence had been set, and any additional interaction between us would further prove my theory. I knew Brady was too proud to allow that to happen. His pride was even stronger than his need to be a bully.

As I approached my dorm, the crowd grew thicker as students entered and exited the building.

"Erin!" a high-pitched voice called from the crowd.

Rebecca, my copper-haired neighbor was slipping around fellow students to get tome. "Hey!" She was always chipper, no matter if it was seven a.m. or midnight.

"Last Chance party at the Lambda Chi's Animal House tonight."

"No, thank you," I said, pulling open the door to Bennett's lobby.

"Oh, c'mon! Please!" she said.

Rebecca was from Hobart, Oklahoma-a town with a population even smaller than Blackwell-and her accent was exceptionally Southern.

"I have to study, don't you?" I asked.

"Yes?" she said, sounding more like a question than an answer.

I shook my head. "There is nothing going on at that party that is more important than my Music Appreciation test. I have a B at the moment."

"Bs are good, Erin!"

"My parents are paying for my education. If a B is my best, okay, but I owe it to them and myself to study for this test to see if I can do better."

Rebecca snarled her lip. "You are spending too much time with your adviser."

When we reached the elevator, Rebecca pressed the button for the second floor. "I have to study, too. I was hoping you would talk me out of it."

"You knew I wouldn't."

"Yeah, pretty sure that's why I asked you and not Hannah Matthews."

Hayden Wentz rushed in before the doors could close.

Rebecca's posture immediately improved, and her smile changed from goofy to demure.

Hayden glanced at both of us, trying not to breathe all over us as he puffed from his sprint. He offered a quick nod. "Thanks."

"Are you going to the Lambda Chi party tonight?" Rebecca said.

"Yeah," he said. "I'm an initiate, so I kind of have to."

"Oh," Rebecca said, batting her eyes. She looked at me with a pleading expression.

"No," I said.

"No what?" Hayden asked, suddenly curious.

"I don't want to go."

"Okay," he said, confused. "I didn't ask you, not that I wouldn't. I've thought about it actually, but I wasn't...never mind."

Rebecca's mouth fell open.

"What? No," I said too emphatically. "She...I didn't think you were asking me. I was telling her that I...never mind."

Rebecca began to giggle, and I closed my eyes, mortified.

The elevator opened, and I practically lunged for the hallway. Rebecca followed, still snickering.

"Oh my God," I grumbled.

"Didn't you hear him? He likes you!"

I wrinkled my nose. "He doesn't even know me."

"Okay, he's attracted to you. You should go."

I slipped the key into the lock and gave it a jiggle before turning the knob. "Give it up, Bec. Do what you want, but I'm not going."

I closed the door behind me and leaned against it, closing my eyes.

I wasn't blind. Hayden was the most attractive guy in Bennett Hall, but he was also a huge jerk. He was from Tonkawa, a tiny town separated from Blackwell by just fifteen minutes of pasture and farmland.

But having even a moment of attraction toward anyone only made me think of Weston, and mostly, I just tried to forget. That was another reason I was sure Sam was coming to Stillwater to get me. My parents were afraid I wouldn't come home just so I could avoid running into Weston.

I peeled off my jacket, let my backpack slide off my shoulders onto the floor, and trudged over to my chair. Living alone in a suite that size made me feel like I was back at Gina's even though this was much cleaner.

When the homework was finished, I caught up on all my television shows and social networking with Sam and Julianne. Then, I scrubbed the clean counters until they were cleaner, and I mopped the pristine tiles until they were more pristine.

I reached an all-time low when I wiped down the inside of the refrigerator only because it was losing the smell of the organic cleaner that reminded me of home.

My cell phone chimed, and I tugged on it until it came out of my back pocket. Hailey from Music Appreciation was asking for notes and if I was going to the Animal House.

I typed out a quick, No, set down my cell phone, and sighed when it chimed again. This time, it was a group message with Alex, Anna, and Renee from my Humanities class.

Nope. Not going.

I locked the screen and set the phone on the coffee table, sitting back. It was nice to have friends, but college made it too easy to make too many at a time. That was one more thing I hadn't anticipated.

My cell phone chimed again, and I groaned. The side button clicked when I slid it to silent mode. "No, I'm not going to the party, whoever you are," I said aloud.

I glared at my backpack, knowing my study guide was somewhere inside, and I would need to dig it out soon to study.

Just when I stood up, a knock on the door startled me. Fed up, I stomped over, twisted the knob, and swung it open.

"I'm not going to the par..."

Weston Gates stood in my doorway with a hopeful grin on his face.

Chapter Fourteen

"...TY," I FINISHED.

"What party?" he asked with a smile.

I nearly recoiled and felt my brows pull in. "What are you doing here?"

"I messaged you to let you know I was coming," he said, deflated by my reaction.

"When?" I asked, turning to look back at my cell phone still lying on the coffee table.

"From the parking lot. So, about two minutes ago." He waited for me to say something, and when I didn't, he shrugged. "Can I come in?"

"No."

"Oh."

"I have to study. I have a big test tomorrow before my Sam comes to take me home."

"Yeah. I told him I'd do it."

"What?"

"Come get you. I've been home for a couple of days. I've been at your house the whole time...pretty much."

"Sam said you could pick me up?"

"Yeah. Is that okay?" He paused. "You're really not going to let me come in?"

"You're a day early."

He shoved his hands in his jeans pockets. "I know. I'll come back. I couldn't wait even one more day to see you, Erin. I tried."

His eyes caught the glint off my necklace, and I tucked it beneath the collar of my shirt.

He looked up at me from under his long lashes, a sweet half smile on his face.

It became increasingly difficult to breathe. I'd tried so hard for over three months to forget about his eyes, the hair that had now grown into his eyes, and his soft bronze skin that was now more of an olive. He seemed a bit taller, a bit thicker, and maybe even a little older, more experienced. I wondered what kind of experiences he'd had.

Hayden passed and paused, recognizing Weston.

"Hey, man. You're going here?" Hayden asked. He then drew his own conclusions. "Oh, Erin, when I said that, I didn't know y'all were talking."

Weston's eyes danced back and forth between Hayden and me before he furrowed his brow and took a step back.

"No," Hayden said, noticing Weston's body language. "Something happened in the elevator earlier..."

Weston backed up another step, trying hard not to lose his cool. He began to breathe through his nose, two deep lines forming between his brows. I could guess what he was thinking, but I didn't correct him. When Weston had something in his head, it would be impossible to change his mind.

Hayden held both of his hands up and then interlaced them on top of his shaggy blond hair. "Shit. That's not what I meant. Nothing happened in the elevator."

Weston turned and began to walk away, but Hayden tried to stop him. Weston grabbed him by the collar of his coat and rammed him against the wall. Weston's expression said everything without him even opening his mouth.

Hayden held up his hands, blinking. "Just...listen. I thought she thought I had asked her to the party tonight. It was a big misunderstanding. We were both embarrassed. We got out of the elevator. It was super awkward. That's the end of it, I swear."

Weston looked at me for confirmation.

I nodded.

Weston released his coat, and Hayden took several steps away.

"I'm sorry," he said to Weston. He looked to me. "Really, very sorry."

I shook my head to let Hayden know it was okay, but he barely took the time to notice before he was mashing the button for the elevator. The doors opened, and he poked repeatedly on the button for them to close.

Weston was visibly working to calm down. "I'm sorry, Erin. That took me completely off guard. I knew it was possible that you could be seeing someone, but I didn't expect that reaction. I'm just as surprised as you are."

"I'm not really that surprised," I said.

My words wounded him.

"This is the last time I'm going to ask you, Erin, and then I'll leave. Can I come in?"

"No," I said without hesitation.

He breezed past me, and I sucked in a sharp breath.

"What the hell do you think you're doing?" I said, spinning around.

Weston walked toward me, reached around me to shut the door, and then stepped back. "I changed my mind."

"Well, you can't. I told you, I have to study."

"What?"

"Music Appreciation."

"I appreciate music."

"No, Weston, it's more difficult than it sounds. I've been struggling. I need to do well on this test, and it's in the morning."

"I'll help you," he said, desperate.

I narrowed my eyes, dubious.

"I swear!" he said.

"I could call Sam, you know. He would make you leave."

Weston walked over to the couch and crossed his arms. "Not without a fight." He sat down.

I sighed. "I don't have time for this."

"Then, let's get started." He pulled out his phone, tapped it a few times. "Pepperoni?" he asked.

"You know I like pepperoni, but I don't need your help."

"You don't really want me to leave," he said with such confidence that I wanted to throw something at him.

Instead, I stared at him, unable to answer.

He tapped his phone a few more times. "I'm ordering pizza. It'll be here in forty minutes."

I lifted my bag and brought it over to the chair before setting it on the floor. The zipper made a high-pitched noise as I pulled on it, and then I fished around until I found my folder.

"Your bag looks heavy. You carry that around everywhere?"

I closed my eyes and huffed. "Why are you here, Weston?"

He didn't answer, so I peeked over at him.

"You already know."

"Just tell me, so we can get this over with." Saying that to him made my chest burn, and my legs felt shaky as an overwhelming nausea hit me like a tidal wave.

Whatever I was feeling, Weston felt worse.

"I deserved that," he said, nodding. "Study first. Talk later. Or not. We don't have to. You don't owe me anything."

I warily eyed him. "What is it that you want?"

One side of his mouth pulled up. "You're different."

"Good."

He laughed once without humor. "I miss you, Erin. I thought I could get over you, but I can't. What I did do was a lot of thinking, a lot of talking to other girls who weren't and will never be you."

I winced. His admission stung.

"Everyone kept telling me it was going to get better-my roommates, my instructors, my parents...your parents."

"You've been talking to my parents?"

"It hasn't. It will never get better. I used to wonder how long it was going to last. Now, I wonder how long I'm going to last."

"That's not funny," I said.

"I mean, in Texas. I knew it was going to be hard to be there without you. Not having you at all is worse."

"That was your choice," I said.

"You're right. Just like you said, I did this."

I fidgeted. That awful feeling that had swallowed me when he left was bubbling at my feet, threatening to crawl up my legs.

"Do you hate me?" he asked.

"I try to-every day."

He nodded. "I deserve that, too."

"Did you..." I began, hating myself already. "Have you...dated anyone in Texas?"

"It depends. If it makes you jealous and you want me back, then yes. If it makes you jealous and makes you hate me even more, then no."

"Just tell me the truth."

His eyes fell to the floor and lost focus. "Couldn't even bring myself to look at anyone else like that. It made me miss you even more, and I was already going through hell."

"Me, too."

"No one?" he asked, the tiniest bit of hope in his eyes.

I slowly shook my head. I wasn't even sure if it was noticeable.

"Erin," he said, thoughtful, careful, "what if I said I screwed up? What if I said I'm sorry?"

"You've said that before."

He nodded, looking intently into my eyes. "What if I said I love you and that I don't care how it happens-whether we're friends, back together, or something in between-as long as I don't have to miss you anymore?"

"You'll still miss me. We're four hours away."

"I just drove that. It's nothing, not when I'm on my way to see you. Erin"-he cautiously chose his words-"I'm still in love with you. I've tried to stop. I've tried to hate you, forget you, forgive you-"

"For what?" I snapped.

His face fell. He looked broken. "For loving me in a way that I can't get over. You are the best thing I've ever given up."

My expression crumbled, and I looked down, picking at my nails. "We can't go back, Weston, and that is what I think about every day. That's what I miss. I'm not even sure I know you."

"We've outgrown the way we felt," he said with a confidence I'd never seen in him before. "I don't love you like that anymore. That was selfish and impatient and not about you." He lowered his chin. "What if I beg?" He moved forward, kneeling in front of me. He touched my face, using his thumb to brush away the tear falling down my cheek. "We were just falling in love then. I'm done falling, Erin. I love you-without expectations, without demands. Hell, just with the hope that you love me back."

I breathed out a laugh. "Sam said if you came back, you'd do it on your knees."

"I'll lie on the floor if you want."

My lips formed a hard line as I tried to suppress a smile.

"Please?" he said, desperation in his voice. His twin green pools scanned my face and then glossed over. "Erin?"

He was so close. His fingers still felt soft on my skin. The old scars that had faded but not disappeared warned me that the person in front of me had caused me pain. The things he had made me feel were ugly, and I should make him leave and make him stay away from me.

But those scars were only skin deep. Beneath them were my heart, the parts of me that bled, my soul, and the Erin who could forgive and smile regardless of the past hurt. The protected pieces had gone untouched by anyone but Weston.

"I want you to stay," I whispered.

He exhaled, so surprised that he almost didn't trust what he'd heard. "What?" His eyes met mine, and he leaned in, stopping just an inch from my lips.

"You heard me," I said quietly.

"I promised your dad I wouldn't. I got a hotel room."

I bit my bottom lip, staring at his. "Stay."

His eyebrows pulled in, conflict scrolling across his face. "What's going to happen tomorrow?"

I spread my legs wider, pulling him toward me, and I rested my hands on his shoulders. They were thicker than I remembered. I trailed down his arms until I reached his fingers that tenderly lingered against my jaw. I gripped them in my own and lowered them to my backside, never taking my eyes from his.

His mouth hovered just out of reach, and I could taste each breath he panted in anticipation.

His breath caught. "I just want to hear that you still love me. If want me, Erin...I'm all yours."

"I love you." My voice was barely a whisper.

His body stiffened before he lifted me in his arms, blindly carrying me into the bedroom. He lowered my body to the bed as if I were weightless. He stood before me and stripped off his shirt. When his toned chest and the ridges of his abdomen came into view, I knew that he had been using the gym to escape the misery he'd described.

I tugged off my sweater as he slipped his boots from his feet and unbuttoned his jeans. His eyes locked on mine as he slid them down over his hips, revealing the staggering V-shaped muscles below.

Weston gripped my heel in his hand as he unzipped my tall leather boot before sliding it off, and then he did the same to the other. The corners of his mouth turned up into a ghost of a smile as his fingers tugged at the hem of my black leggings, pulling them toward him, achingly slow.

As he lowered his body against me, the searing heat of his skin scorched mine. A groan resonated from the back of his throat as his eyes closed, and his tongue slid over the seam of my lips. My mouth parted, allowing him to enter, and I silently begged him to make up for lost time.

His fingers slid easily along my sensitive skin, finding their way under my tank top before gripping my back against the mattress. With one deft movement, he unsnapped my bra, peppering my skin with tiny kisses. By the time he relieved me of my shirt, bra, and then my panties, his boxer briefs were all that separated us, leaving little to the imagination.

I relaxed my head back, letting my arms fall to the bed, as his mouth rediscovered every inch of me.

"I've missed you so much," he whispered against my delicate skin.

I could feel every breath and every smile, and I could sense every decision he made to move lower. My fingers tangled in the sheets as I closed my eyes, begging him to take us further, and I sighed with relief when he did.

Chapter Fifteen

I PUSHED OUT THE DOUBLE DOORS of the north building. I was tired and sore, and I wasn't sure that my final grade would be an A, but I was confident that a percentage point or two was a good trade.

The walk to Bennett Hall took too long, and it wasn't because of the staggering wind chill. By the time I stepped off the elevator, I was scrambling to get through the door.

Once I stepped through the threshold, I was in Weston's arms, and his mouth was on mine. His backpack was zipped and sitting by the door, and he had my suitcase open and ready.

"I still have clothes there. Julianne didn't want me to have to cart things back and forth."

"Toothpaste?" Weston asked.

"Yes," I said after thinking for half a second.

"Will you ride with me?"

I smiled. "That was the plan, wasn't it?"

He leaned over and slid one arm through his pack. Then, he held his hand out to me. I swiped my wallet off the kitchen counter and glanced back at my apartment. Weston had cleaned while I was taking tests in my classes.

As I locked my door, Weston stood behind me, holding me while he nuzzled my neck. I giggled, and after I could finally concentrate enough to turn the bolt lock, we made our way downstairs to the parking lot.

Shiny, beautiful, and bright red, the vehicle that held all my best memories waited for Weston and me to climb inside. Once I slid into the passenger seat, I was tugged a bit farther until I was sitting next to my boyfriend, my first love, and-if Weston was right when he was just a boy-the man I would marry one day.

We spent the ride home chatting about the Art Institute of Dallas, Weston's new apartment, his crazy roommates, and his favorite professors. The drive seemed to be too short when the Chevy parked next to the curb of my parents' home.

Sam and Julianne were outside-having made sure to get regular updates on our time of arrival-with their arms wide open. Julianne was squealing and clapping before nearly tackling me when we met in the middle of the lawn. Sam caught up, and as usual, he eclipsed our bodies with his in a warm bear hug.

"Our girl is home! She's home, Sam!" Julianne squealed.

"Yes, she is!"

When they released me, they expectantly watched Weston and me.

In answer, Weston slid his arm around my shoulders, pulling me to his side, and I reached my arms around his middle, interlacing my fingers.

Julianne clasped her hands together, more than just pleased. She pulled us both into a hug.

"Well?" Sam said. "Come in, come in. Julianne's baked a turkey so big that we can just warm up the leftovers next turkey day."

My parents led the way, hand in hand, but Weston tugged on my fingers, asking me to stay behind.

He wrapped me in his arms to ward off the cold, his breath puffing out in white wisps. "I wouldn't let myself hope that I'd be walking into your parents' house with you in my arms."

Weston reached down, letting the small silver heart he'd had made for me months ago slide over his palm and fingers until it fell gently back into place.

"I don't know how we made it work," he said. "It could have all been coincidence, or maybe it was meant to be, but I know I'm not taking any more chances."

"It's by chance that I have my parents back," I said, rolling up on the balls of my feet to touch my lips to his.

He closed his eyes tight, savoring the moment. "And by some miracle, I got a second chance."

"We got a second chance," I said.

He reached into his pocket and sighed. "You don't have to wear this," he said, holding up his class ring. "I just want you to have it."

I held up my left hand, and his emerald eyes glowed.

"Really?"

When I nodded, he chuckled nervously, and then he slipped the ring over my knuckle. It fit perfectly, and he beamed with pride.

"Show me your palm," he said.

I turned my hand, and etched in black to match the other markings was the word that described my life, our love, and everything in between. It was my favorite word in existence.

HAPPENSTANCE

The End.

