Prologue

Let the Realms Have Mercy on Us All

As Ari waited for his answer, she once again tried to ignore the blood splatter at the edge of her vision and the groans from the dying man strung up at the edge of the small room. Packed dirt was hard beneath her feet, the bare rock walls devoid of emeralds and glistening with dank moisture. Low light from candles scattered throughout gave it a gothic, sinister atmosphere. Damp earth, sweat, and the coppery scent of blood tingled Ari's nose.

Her own blood rushed in her ears as she stared up at Azazil, awaiting his answer.

His black eyes narrowed on her, his thoughts impossible to discern. With a huge sigh, he looked away, his contemplation falling upon the man he had been torturing before Ari arrived.

The Sultan wore no jewelry and his usual ostentatious style was muted-he wore only dark leather trousers and leather bands around his wrists. His muscled, naked torso was covered in blood and little bits of torn flesh. Ari dropped her gaze, feeling her stomach turn.

"I've laid out the consequences, Ari." Azazil looked back at her now and that fist of anxiety twisted in her chest. "Are you sure you understand what I'm saying?"

She nodded. "I understand. Are you saying you'll grant me the favor you owe me?"

His lip curled at the corner, his eyes glittering. "I should either kill you or applaud you for using the oath of a favor against me. This is no ordinary favor. It will affect us all ... and I am unusually blind to the consequences. I see vague images that I cannot make sense of." His features hardened. "All I can feel is that if I grant you this favor, something of great immensity will come to pass. Something that will affect my realm and the mortal one, not just me and you."

His prophecy made her stop. It was one thing to suggest the possible consequences and another to prophesize an actual gigantic change. "In what way?"

"I told you I cannot know for sure."

"So it could be good or bad?"

"Is anything ever just good or bad?"

The man at her side groaned again, and Ari winced. "I don't suppose you'd let this guy go too as part of the favor?"

Azazil scowled. "I grant you this favor and I might not be able to do much of anything for a while."

That in itself was reason enough to do it. Ari nodded. "Do it."

The Sultan crossed his arms over his chest. "I don't know whether to risk the consequences of breaking my oath to you or go along with this insanity."

"I thought you liked insanity. It's entertaining, right?"

That produced a slow, wicked grin from her grandfather. "This is true." He dropped his arms and strode toward her, the majesty of his power threatening to blow her off her feet. "You win, Ari. I'll grant you your favor." He smirked. "Let the realms have mercy on us all."

PART ONE

1

The Sky Is Grave in

This New World

Ari, duck!

Jai yelled telepathically, and Ari's reflexes kicked in. She hit the floor, chin down, eyes raised as she watched the knife hiss through the air and embed itself in the wall inches from Jai's head. Ari rolled onto her back and jarred her hands forward, palm outward, sending two bolts of defensive magic toward the Qarin. The nondescript Jinn whipped to the side to avoid Ari's attack and stepped right into Jai's magic. The handful of ember he'd sent, seconds after Ari's, hit with the force of a freight train. The Qarin's body lifted off the ground and slammed through the paper-thin wall of the house in small-town Milwaukee.

Ari scrambled to her feet.

"You okay?" Jai asked sharply. He strode past her, protectively placing his body in front of hers despite the countless times she'd asked him to stop doing that.

"I'm fine," she muttered, brushing debris off her T-shirt.

Jai didn't bother to spare her a look and Ari wasn't surprised. Now wasn't the time to try to figure out why his girlfriend was being pissy with him.

Michael told them his group hunting the doppelganger Jinn of Sam Shepherd, the art teacher, had tracked him down after two months of searching. Ari and Jai had come after him and she'd used the time in close proximity to make it clear she was annoyed with her boyfriend. However, Jai hadn't broached the subject of her one-word answers and heavy silence, and that only pissed her off more. That meant doppelganger bitch was in for a world of pain if this didn't end fast.

Ari and Jai had used the Peripatos to arrive at the coordinates the Guild Hunters had given them. That had been half an hour ago. With the human Sam Shepherd knocked out upstairs (Jai's handiwork), they'd been playing hide, seek, and find, then hide, seek, and find again with the Qarin for too long, as far as Ari was concerned. She had two healing cuts-one on her forehead and a deeper cut along her ribs that hurt like hell. Jai, of course, was unscathed. The Qarin was playing with them, though, and Ari got the distinct feeling he was determined that Jai was going down with more than a simple cut.

Well, Ari was done playing.

She stopped alongside Jai to see the spot on the debris-littered floor where the Qarin should be.

It now lay empty.

"Shit," Jai muttered, his jaw clenching. "I'm go-"

"Be quiet," Ari snapped, ignoring Jai's raised eyebrows. The excuuuse me? look on his face would've been comical if she weren't so annoyed. Give me a minute, she tried to explain less tersely.

Ari closed her eyes. Back when she and Uncle Red had been on somewhat more stable ground, he'd told her that even without her abilities as the Seal, she was a powerful Jinn. Her mother, Sala, had been an old and potent Ifrit, and her father was the White King, one of the most powerful Jinn in existence. If Jinn were socialites, she'd be the Blair Waldorf of Mount Qaf, the Jinn Realm. Red had insinuated that it meant she hadn't even tapped into the full scope of her abilities yet. Jai was trying to get her there with training. They'd been on a few hunts together where she'd discovered more and more about herself. It was time to unravel more, though.

She'd seen her uncle sense Jinn located in another state, for Christ's sake.

Surely, she could find this jackass of a doppelganger so she and Jai could do the unsavory task they'd come to do and get the hell out.

Ari focused. She felt the movement of the debris as it shifted against the soft breeze blowing in from an open window. She felt the air to her left dance sideways as Jai moved the tiniest bit; her senses latched onto his magic. She let the richness of his signature overwhelm her. Jai's pull was unlike any other Jinn she'd ever felt. A full-blood and extremely strong guardian Ginnaye, Jai's magic pulsed out in deep, throbbing waves. But unlike many, his had an all-encompassing, rich warmth that came from his natural protective instincts. He would either use that powerful energy to wrap you in its safety, or use it to destroy you.

Giving herself a slight shake, Ari pushed past Jai's aura and felt through the dark memory of the house in her mind. She searched every corner, every nook, taking the stairs silently to the second floor.

There.

In the upstairs bathroom.

Ari took a deep breath, her stomach suddenly churning with her decision.

The truth was she'd been playing with the Qarin as much as he'd been playing with her. Trying to stall.

The two hunts she'd been on had served as training more than anything. Jinn who merely needed to be tagged and moved on from the towns where they were misbehaving.

This was different.

The Qarin doppelganger was to be her first kill.

Jai wanted to do it. He didn't want this weight on her shoulders.

But who was Ari kidding? She was the daughter of a Jinn king who was on a mission to release from imprisonment the most dangerous being in all the realms; she'd barely spoken to her one ally (Red) in weeks; her best friend was an enemy of the state; and there was a certain ancient Marid-who happened to be the Sultan's lieutenant-who'd been paying little visits to her dreams lately.

She was going to end up killing someone sometime in self-defense.

It looked like today was the first day in a new world ...

Her magic tingled in her hand until she felt the knurled grip of the F-S fighting knife she'd chosen from Michael's weapon cabinet.

She heard Jai's indrawn breath seconds before she used the Peripatos. The flames flickered around her as she appeared in the bathroom, her eyes meeting the Qarin's in the mirror-his wide, Ari's blank.

The blade of her knife sunk in and up through his back and into his chest, powered by Ari's Jinn magic and strength. A stab to the heart. She'd trained to do this on dummies.

It felt different stabbing through flesh and muscle.

His eyes widened in horror, blood trickling from the corner of his mouth.

And then his body relaxed, slack,

tumbling to the floor like a puppet without a master.

The bloody knife fell from Ari's hand, clattering to the tiled floor as she stared at the dead Jinn. She stood frozen for a moment, staring down at the body and the pool of blood gathering around it. She'd killed someone. Her stomach lurched.

Stumbling over his body, Ari grabbed for the sink, her hands braced on either side as the cold nausea climbed through her and she vomited the horror of what she'd done.

She felt his energy before she felt his hands brushing the loose strands of hair back from her face. "Baby," he whispered hoarsely, his breath warm on her ear.

Ari turned the cold tap, fingers shaking, and though she barely felt its coolness, she dipped her mouth under and drank. Then she splashed water on her face and straightened, leaning back into Jai's chest.

"I told you I'd do it. I've done it before. You didn't need to."

She gave a slight shake of her head, trying not to flinch as she felt the slice of the blade through the Qarin's chest again. She'd been nervous about assassinating a bad guy. She'd just never realized that taking a life would affect her this much. She should have. "I'd have to do it eventually. I wanted to get it over with."

Jai's hands slid up her arms to curl around her biceps, holding her closer to him. "You did good."

"Did I?" Ari asked.

He kissed her hair. "You wouldn't be you if you didn't feel this bad about it. Remember, he did a lot of terrible things to humans, Ari. Humiliating, horrifying, murderous things."

She knew that. She knew she'd taken one less bad guy off the street. Ari just needed her guilty conscience to play catch-up. Wincing at the sink, Ari turned around in Jai's arms, his hands falling to her hips to keep her close. "Don't tell anyone I upchucked, okay?"

"No one would think less of you."

"Still ... don't." Michael and

Caroline might accept her but some of the other Guild Hunters were still wary.

She needed to prove herself to them. If they found out she'd vomited after her first kill ... well ... she didn't know what they'd think.

"I won't tell anyone," Jai assured her, but the muscle in his jaw flexed. "You've got nothing to feel ashamed of.

Assassination isn't in their job description, so most of them have no idea what it feels like to take a life. They have no right to judge you."

No longer pissed off at him, Ari squeezed one of his hands gratefully. What Jai had said was true. The Guild Hunters were half-blood Jinn-half human, half Jinn, created by the Gilder King as a measure of balance against the evil Jinn. Guild Hunters could hunt and tag evil Jinn, but if they ever killed one, the Law Makers on Mount Qaf would know and would bring them to be tried. Unfairly, on Mount Qaf, it was a crime punishable by death for a half-breed to kill a full-blooded Jinn. It was also proclaimed that full-bloods weren't allowed to kill one another either without facing trial, but Red had slipped that that wasn't a law created by the Law Makers, and trials were only held every now and then to discourage infighting.

That meant Michael Roe, the leader of the Roe Guild of Hunters, had in his possession three full-blooded Jinn-Ari, Jai, and Jai's best friend Trey. When Charlie went AWOL after killing Akasha (the Labartu who'd murdered his little brother), Ari decided joining the Guild with Jai and Trey was the best move forward. Michael decided he liked the idea of having Hunters in his Guild who could assassinate a bad guy for once. He'd also told them Charlie was a priority kill now that he was a wacko Sorcerer with a dangerous piece of Mount Qaf emerald powering his juice. To Ari's everlasting relief, Charlie had gone underground these last two months and none of the Guilds could find him. She hoped he stayed there.

"You're right." Ari replied, her smile wan. "I did them a favor. Who gives a crap what they think?"

"Good." Jai nodded, his expression hardening again. "Now let me clean up this guy, call the Guild to come take care of the human Sam Shepherd, and then we can get you home. How's the rib?"

Ari looked down at the Qarin, her

stomach feeling a little steadier. "It's healing. I'm ... okay."

To Ari's relief, she and Jai were kept busy cleaning up the mess, handing human Sam Shepherd over to the rest of the Guild to brief him before sending him back into the human world. Then she and her boyfriend had to return to Michael's to debrief him on the situation. Talking it out helped her deal with the immensity of what she'd done. Michael's eyes grew fatherly and concerned when he learned Ari was the one who did the killing, and Ari wanted to ask what the hell he was playing at.

He wanted her to assassinate Jinn, and when she did, he went soft on her about it? It was nice that he was concerned ... but also confusing.

Ari didn't say anything, though.

After losing his daughter Fallon in Charlie's war against the Labartu, Ari hadn't the heart to call him out on his convoluted leadership skills with her.

Caroline fed them while they gave Michael the rundown. When it was over, they sent Ari and Jai on their way with another concerned look. The fact that Ari had chosen to shack up with Jai and Trey in the house they'd bought a couple of blocks away from Michael's worried them. Yeah, Ari was eighteen and legally could make her own decisions, but they were worried what their other employees might think of a young girl living with two extremely hot, slightly older men.

They could think what they wanted.

Trey was one of her best friends now. And Jai, well ... Jai was being weird.

Hence, the pissiness earlier.

Still shaken from the day's ordeal, Ari was too exhausted to deal with her frustration regarding Jai. They entered the quiet four-bedroom house and immediately sensed Trey wasn't home. Not surprising. With him serving as a combat instructor for the Guild-and because he was Trey and blessed with an abundance of charm-he'd made friends easily among the Hunters and was probably out at a bar with a few of the guys.

"You should eat," Jai told her as she headed toward the wide staircase.

Dragging herself upstairs, she

shook her head. "I'm not hungry."

"Ari ..."

"I'll eat in the morning." She

turned around at her door. Her bedroom was down the hall from Trey's and directly across the hall from Jai's.

The root of her exasperation with him?

When they'd moved in two months ago, Ari had been touched by Jai's thoughtfulness when he opened the door to the largest bedroom in the house and said it was all hers. By giving her her own bedroom, he was telling her he wasn't pressuring her into having sex, or forcing their relationship to move too fast. It was thoughtful and considerate and so sweet.

But two months of barely there

kisses from him and no sneaking into her bedroom at night was driving her insane! Okay, so the kisses weren't anything to scoff at, but anytime things got too heated, he'd back off and tell her to go to bed like she was a kid.

There had been none of the good stuff like what happened months ago on Mount Qaf after Charlie's trial. He'd barely freaking touched her since, and she was beginning to feel like a not-so-hot leper.

The gentle touch of Jai's knuckles stroking her jawline brought her out of her fog. She took hold of his hand, her eyes catching his. His were searching, worried about her. She felt a rush of love, lust, and confusion.

And she wasn't in the mood to deal with it.

She'd killed an evil Jinn.

Boyfriend trouble would have to take a back burner for the night. "I'll see you in the morning." She pulled away from him, dropping his hand.

"Hey." His fingers gripped her bicep a little tighter as he eased her back toward him. Jai frowned down at her. "You need me to stay with you tonight?"

Tonight of all nights, he asks? When I'm so exhausted I can barely stand?

Ari shook her head, biting back her frustration. "I just want to sleep. I'll be fine."

His strong fingers flexed around her arm and he stepped closer until his chest was brushing hers. He gave her a rueful, unsure smile that didn't quite eliminate the vulnerable expression in his gorgeous eyes. "Can I get a kiss goodnight at least?"

An ache throbbed in her chest and Ari felt her lips curl softly at the corners. "For future reference, that's a question you never have to ask me."

Jai's smile deepened, melting Ari's insides. "Good to know," he murmured against her mouth before softly pressing his to hers. She expected it to be sweet and short. Instead it was ... emotional.

Jai held her to him, his hand wrapped around her nape. Ari let her lips fall open as Jai brushed his back and forth over hers, his tongue teasing her lips before licking inside-light, quick strokes against her tongue that made her breath catch and caused the weariness to flee. She arched her body into his and breathed him in, her heart accelerating at the hot taste of him.

But Jai refused to speed up the kiss. It was a seduction of deep strokes, teasing, nibbling, brushing ... an imprint of him on her. A possessive kiss without the aggression. He was handling her gently but telling her she was his.

As he reluctantly pulled back,

Ari's hands fluttered to his chest, her eyes closed, her lips tingling and swollen. "I'll see you in the morning," he told her hoarsely, clearly as affected by the kiss as she was.

Ari sucked in a breath at the heat in his expression. There it was. Every time they reached the point in fooling around when his eyes got that scorching, I-want-to-ravish-you-like-a-dude-in-a-romance-novel look in them, Jai backed off.

With a predictability that was growing annoying, he took two steps back. "Night."

She gave him a half-hearted smile and hurried into her bedroom. After a few seconds, she heard Jai's footsteps move away and his door open and close. She sighed and flicked on the light.

The room Jai had given her was as beautiful as it was huge. A massive four-poster bed sat in the center, flanked by a large wardrobe, vanity table, and matching bedside cabinets. The furniture was modern chic with a twist of Morocco. She had her own bathroom and even a walk-in closet. He was trying to give her a home again, and for the most part, he was succeeding. But Ari was growing tired of that strange distance between them. It wasn't just about sex. It was about his family. Every time she tried to talk to Jai about his dad keeping him locked in that bottle for the White King, he'd shut her down and tell her he was fine. She knew he wasn't fine. How could you be fine after a momentous betrayal like that?

Head pounding, lids drooping, Ari decided tomorrow was a new day to worry about this stuff. Thankful she was too tired to dwell on the Qarin she'd assassinated, Ari clumsily stripped and reached for her new silk nightie. Once she'd slipped it on, she dove under the covers and snuggled her head deep into her pillow, smelling her own perfume on it. Comforted, she let the world disappear ...

The water was still in the moonlit lake. The surrounding mountainous rocks provided privacy to the mystical cove. As soon as Ari took it in and felt the rough sand against her skin, she groaned. She'd been here before.

Dammit.

"Asmodeus," she griped, spinning around from her seat in the sand to peer into the dark.

As expected, he melted out of the shadows, coming toward her wearing loose black pants, nothing on his upper body except for a bronze circlet around each strong bicep, his long dark hair flowing freely over his broad shoulders. Ari tore her eyes from his ripped physique and glared into his hauntingly beautiful face.

It was so unfair someone so psychotic was so fantastic looking.

Asmodeus smirked at her as he approached, his bare feet kicking the sand. Ari stood, scowling at the revealing white fabric he'd dressed her in. It showed a lot of cle**age and a lot of leg. Disgusted, she crossed her arms and tilted her head back to stare up at the handsome giant of a man.

"Stop messing with my dreams and let me out of here. For the hundredth time."

His smile deepened, a flash of white teeth in the dark as he stepped around her, two fingers sliding down her arm.

Ari shivered and pulled away. "I'm serious."

"I know," he replied nonchalantly as he came to a stop.

"Why won't you stop tormenting me?"

For the last two months, Prince Asmodeus had been ripping her out of her own dream world and pulling her into his. At first he'd been determined to know why she was impervious to the command of the Seal of Solomon, but he'd soon discovered that she was as clueless as he was. And Ari knew Asmodeus was clueless as to why the Seal did not work on him. He wouldn't have been so desperate to seek answers from her otherwise.

Upon discovering she knew nothing, Asmodeus continued to keep returning her here. There seemed to be no purpose to these visits other than to tease and try to charm her, and occasionally threaten Jai's life.

"It's fun."

"Fun?"

He shrugged.

"I'm too tired for this. Every time you visit my dreams, I'm exhausted in the morning."

A wicked glint entered his dark eyes. "I think if you're going to be exhausted, you should be exhausted for a reason ... and since the Ginnaye isn't willing to accommodate you, I'd be more than happy to see to any of your ... needs."

"Not even in your dreams."

Asmodeus chuckled and crossed his arms over his chest, studying her. As they stared at one another, his smile slipped. "You killed today."

Ari flinched back from him. "How did you ...?"

"I make it my concern to know."

"You're watching me?"

"Whenever I'm bored, yes."

Disgusted, Ari shook her head. "You're a creepy son of a bitch."

His demeanor changed instantly from relaxed to bristling. "Be careful."

A shot of fear tingled down her spine and she had to bite her lip to stop herself from saying something even more foolish.

Satisfied, he turned and sat in the sand, his arms dangling over his braced knees. "Sit."

"You have no manners, you know that, right?" Ari grumbled as she lowered herself to the ground, keeping a careful distance between them.

The Marid sliced her an amused look. "Stop deflecting. You killed today."

Ari sighed. "Yes, I did. Am I in trouble?"

"Not with me."

"With anyone?"

"There is no one to care about the Qarin's demise."

Ari breathed a sigh of relief. "Well, that's good to know."

After a moment's silence, Asmodeus picked up a small rock and with a flick of his wrist sent it skimming over the water. "You shouldn't be doing it."

"Working for the Guild?"

"Turning yourself into an assassin."

Ari tried not to wince at the word. "Why? I'm doing good. I'm ridding the human world of evil Jinn."

He raised an eyebrow.

"Is that worth the loss of your purity?"

"I'm not pure, Asmodeus."

"Your soul was clean, Ari. You're marring it with this need to hunt Jinn."

"It's not a need," she lied. "It's a want. Even before all this ...," she gestured to her surroundings, "I was a high school graduate with a serious identity crisis. I didn't know what I wanted out of life. I didn't know where I fit in. Despite all the bad stuff that's come with finding out who I am, at least I've also found my place in this world."

"With the Ginnaye, assassinating Jinn?"

"With Jai, hunting bad guys."

He grunted. "You are so naive, it physically pains me."

"Then stop pulling me into your dreams."

"No."

"No?"

"No."

Ari tried desperately to rein in her irritation. "What do you want, Asmodeus?"

His regard was dark and fathomless. Ari couldn't stop her gaze from roaming his strong face. Black eyes framed by long lashes, tanned, unblemished skin, sharp cheekbones, a strong but straight blade of a nose, and a perfect mouth-a full lower lip and a slightly thinner upper lip. If a human were to meet him, they'd think Asmodeus was an exotic but young twenty-something, not a twisted, ancient Marid who'd been around for God knew how many centuries.

"Tonight I wanted to see how you were faring after your first kill." Surprise shot through her, forcing her head back. He caught her reaction, eyes glittering. "I'm not playing games with you."

Ignoring the curiosity writhing inside, Ari gave him a cynical smirk. "Whatever this is, can we at least be honest with one another?"

"Okay," he nodded, "I like playing games with you. But I'm not playing a game tonight."

Ari found herself confessing. "I was sick at first. It was horrible. I didn't expect to feel so ashamed."

"And now?"

"Jai reminded me of all the things the Qarin did. I feel proud I was strong enough to do something about it."

"So no guilt?"

She looked away. "There will always be guilt, Asmodeus. I'm quickly learning to set it aside for the bigger picture."

He shot her a narrow look and drew up to his feet. "That's how it begins. Setting aside things for the bigger picture."

Confused as she always was after one of their encounters, Ari stood too. "Why do you care?"

When he reached out a hand, Ari braced herself from flinching back, knowing from past experience that he didn't take rejection lightly. His fingers brushed against her cheek. "I can't decide whether I want you to change."

She scowled at him. "I don't think that's really any of your business."

At the sudden dark heat and annoyance in his bearing, Ari tensed, her breath catching as he leaned into her, his mouth brushing her ear. "I'm making it my business."

Ari's lids flew open and she struggled to draw breath, panting with fear and something else as she stared up at her dark bedroom ceiling. She turned onto her side, pulling the covers tightly around her. She didn't know what to do about Asmodeus. She hadn't told Jai he'd been visiting her dreams. She hadn't told anyone. But Ari knew his increasing attention was a worry and the only person she wanted to tell was Uncle Red. He'd know what to do. But it depended on whether Red wanted to talk to her ... and if he would help her if he did.

2

The I That I Am Is Not Me

Emotionally exhausted, Ari managed to drift back to sleep, but her conscience couldn't seem to rest. She woke at 6 a.m., an hour earlier than usual. Mouth dry, Ari shuffled sleepily out of her room to fetch a glass of water from the kitchen. It would've been easy enough to conjure one, but Trey and Jai had been raised to use their Jinn abilities when it mattered, or when it was the only convenient solution. Otherwise, they lived their lives like humans. It was partly an attitude-the Ginnaye believed using Jinn magic for everyday living was lazy-and partly about living as a human so they wouldn't slip up in front of one.

Tired gaze to the floor, Ari was about to hit the stairs when Trey's bedroom door opened. She glanced up, and stopped at the sight of a huge, gorgeous, blue-haired guy wearing jeans and a slim-cut T-shirt. "Glass?" she said loudly, more than a little shocked to see him there. It wasn't that she didn't know the Glass King-aka one of her uncles, aka an all-powerful, scary Jinn king-was seeing Trey romantically, it was that she'd never seen him in the vicinity of Trey's room before.

It caused her a note of panic on behalf of her friend. She didn't want Trey to get too deeply involved in the dangerous world of Jinn royalty, but he seemed smitten with his new boyfriend.

And frankly more alarming was the face that Glass seemed completely into Trey.

Glass raised a finger to his lips, hushing her, and she winced apologetically. He gestured to the stairs and Ari hustled down them, feeling the potency of the Jinn behind her but not hearing his movements at all. She entered the kitchen in the back of the house, a huge space with an island in the middle and a large dining table on the far left.

Sliding doors opened out onto a decent-sized backyard.

"Would you like some water?" she asked politely, pulling a chilled bottle of water out of the fridge.

Glass shook his head. "I will get myself a coffee."

This was so weird.

Ari merely nodded.

It wasn't that she didn't like

Glass, it was just that she'd never become as comfortable with him as she was with Red. Red smiled and joked with her, whereas Ari had never seen Glass smile unless it was backed by sinister intent. Trey was his opposite in every way.

Thinking about Red caused Ari to ask Glass for the fifteenth time, "Have you heard from Red?"

As the Jinn king lifted the mug of coffee he'd conjured (clearly he was okay with taking shortcuts in life), his expression grew more focused. He took a sip and pulled back to study her. "I have."

She refrained from rolling her eyes. The thing about a Jinn king ... they never answer unspoken but obvious questions. "How is he?"

"He's fine, Ari."

"Will you tell him I asked for him?" Again.

Glass bowed his head, letting her know he would honor her request. Despite her stomach knotting up over the distance between her and Red, Ari couldn't help but think that a bow of the head was a pretty cool and dignified way to answer somebody.

Before the two of them could be subjected to awkward silence, Ari was relieved to hear footsteps on the stairs.

Two seconds later, Trey wandered into the kitchen. As always, Ari felt an affectionate squeeze in her chest, as well as an honest appreciation for his masculine beauty. Trey was tall with an athletic, rangy build, messy dark blond hair, and tip-tilted gray eyes. His face was an artist's dream, and he dressed like a modern-day James Dean. In other words, he was Hot with a capital H.

Trey instantly turned his regard to Glass. He grinned. "Morning."

To Ari's utter surprise, she watched Glass's lips twitch as he muttered, "Morning," before taking a sip of his coffee. Almost immediately, Glass put the mug down and it disappeared. With a casual nod to Ari, he passed her and then stopped at Trey's side. "Until later." Glass squeezed his shoulder and Trey nodded, his eyes burning in such a scorching manner, Ari couldn't help but feel a little uncomfortable. She was intruding on something intimate and private. Then, to not just Ari's shock but obviously Trey's as well, Glass bent his head and brushed his mouth over Trey's. Without another word, the Jinn king stepped back into the Peripatos.

Trey looked adorably dumbfounded for a moment. He glanced over at Ari with an almost boyish smile. "He's definitely warming up to me."

Ari laughed. "Yeah, I think so."

As quickly as he'd flashed the smile, Trey grew serious. His long strides ate up the kitchen floor until he held Ari tightly in his arms. She felt his lips press a kiss to her head and she wrapped her arms around him, feeling safe and loved. It was a wonderful feeling to have after everything that had happened to her.

"Jai told me what happened. You sure you're okay?"

She nodded against his chest, not ready to let go. "I'm fine. Honestly. It was a shock at first, but I'm over it."

"Well, at least you weren't lying to me about that." Jai's voice broke through the comforting, warm fog of Trey's embrace.

They pulled back from one another to find Jai leaning against the wall, his features hard, his green eyes spitting angry, gold flints. "Can we have a minute?" he asked Trey but didn't take his focus from her.

Ari's heart rate sped up a little.

What had she done now?

"Sure thing." Trey held up his hands almost like he was surrendering. "I've got training this morning, anyway.

I'll catch you guys later."

As soon as the front door slammed shut, Ari braced her hands on her hips. "What was that about?" she demanded snippily.

Jai pushed himself off the wall and took a few short, anger-infused steps toward her. His perused her body meaningfully before coming up to her face. "What are you wearing?"

Feeling sideswiped, Ari glanced down at her nightie. "Uh ... a nightie?"

"Where are your pajamas?"

She quirked an eyebrow at his caustic tone, not at all impressed. "Probably in my drawer."

"Why are you wearing that instead of them?"

"I just bought it. I liked it." She shrugged. Truthfully, she'd bought it to try and entice Jai. It was a short lilac silk nightie with a low neckline trimmed in lace. The hem, which barely covered her ass, was trimmed in lace too. She'd bought five in different colors.

Ari wasn't going to tell him that, though.

Unease crept over her as Jai's face grew even darker. She'd thrown it on last night because it was the closest thing at hand, and she'd been too sleepy that morning to think about what she was wearing. Crap.

"Jesus Christ, Ari, it barely covers anything," he snapped. "Can you not wear it in front of my best friend?"

Double crap.

"It's just Trey," she argued, trying to make it seem not so bad. "He's like a brother."

"Except he's not. And I know for a fact that he doesn't see you as a sister." Jai's jaw clenched. "You may be friends but that doesn't mean he doesn't appreciate a hot girl when he sees one."

Feeling a little resentful, Ari turned away from him to put the rest of her water back in the refrigerator. "At least someone thinks I'm hot," she mumbled under breath.

"What was that?"

"Nothing."

"No. I heard what you said." She detected a deepening anger in his voice. "What the hell does that mean?"

Ari's shoulders hunched up at the question, not sure she was ready to talk this out with him after all, but saved by the bell, Jai's cell rang. He cursed in frustration before answering it.

Turning around, she watched him as his one-word answers gave nothing away. "I'll be right there," he finally said.

He hung up and looked at her, his mien grave. "That was Michael. He needs my help on something, but when I get back, we'll talk."

Great.

"Can't wait," she answered sarcastically.

With an unamused sigh, Jai stepped back into the Peripatos.

Stomach in knots over their disagreement, Ari rushed to her room to shower. Having lived with Jai temporarily months ago when they first met, Ari already knew some things about him. He was incredibly organized and tidy and he didn't have a lot of stuff.

Ari, on the other hand, liked to nest, so she'd bought a lot for the house using her Guild Hunter money. Jai didn't say anything as she gradually filled what had been a fairly modern but masculine home with little girly knickknacks-cushions, candles, ornaments, vases ...

They didn't share a bathroom so she hadn't been introduced to the intimacy of that, but she had on occasion watched him as he shaved. She knew he made his bed every morning like a soldier, that his bedroom was filled with two things-clothes and books-that he ate well-protein shakes, fruit, nuts, oatmeal, vegetables, grilled chicken, fish-and that he rolled his eyes every time he took in Ari and Trey's side of the refrigerator-pizza, burgers, pudding, diet soda. She knew he worked out every day for two hours and if he worked out longer than that, something was bothering him. Sometimes she got that something out of him; other times he just pulled her onto the sofa and switched on a movie. All these things she knew and yet she still felt like she didn't really know him. He was holding back and she didn't know why, and the thought of talking about it scared the hell out of her because she was so terrified he was going to tell her this had all been a huge mistake.

Trembling at the thought, Ari got

out of the shower and wrapped in a towel. When she stepped out into her room, the steam cleared and the sight that greeted her knocked the wind right out of her.

"Looking good, Ari." Charlie

grinned at her from where he lounged on her bed. The grin was wide but not wide enough to reach his eyes. "Nice towel."

***

Once Ari had picked up her jaw from the floor, Charlie felt a tingle of magic in the air seconds before the towel was gone and replaced by jeans and a T-shirt. He felt a flicker of annoyance that she'd cover up around him-as if she wasn't safe from him. He snorted inwardly.

Who was he kidding? Of course she wasn't safe from him.

With less difficulty than before,

Charlie managed to keep his expression blank as Ari took a step toward him, whispering his name. He felt the familiar ache in his chest whenever he was around her. Would it kill her to stop being so beautiful and caring just long enough for him to get through this? He didn't want her to care. Fallon had died caring about him.

Feeling the fury build in his blood, Charlie dropped his gaze, trying to control the rage.

What happened to Fallon was not happening to Ari.

The plan had been to stay low, to figure out what his next move would be now that he was a fugitive and had a chunk of Mount Qaf emerald in his possession. There were options. After he'd killed the Labartu, he'd gone somewhere dark, started thinking some pretty shitty things about Ari. After a week of hiding out, he'd begun to feel a little normal again and realized that they'd all been right. The emerald had changed him. But he wasn't giving it up. He was, however, intent on giving up Ari. He harbored some deep resentment against her, resentment he feared would one day get the best of him. Thus, all the options he'd drawn up ... well, not one of them had included her ever being in his life again.

But then the Ghulah found him.

"Charlie, what are you doing here?"

Ari asked in a low, panicked voice.

He sighed as though bored, as if being in the same room with her, smelling her perfume, seeing a pair of her panties lying on the floor didn't do a number on him. Just because he resented her, didn't mean he wasn't still attracted to her.

It was quite the pickle.

"I've been approached by a Ghulah.

Apparently you and Jai attacked her in Roswell."

Ari blanched, nodding slowly.

"Remember, I used the Seal on her."

"Yeah," he grinned, "she's pretty pissed at you for that. And guess what? She knows you're no longer the Seal and that you have no power over her. She wants my help in bringing you down." He watched Ari's face grow ashen. Part of him wanted to comfort her. He squashed that feeling like an ant beneath his thumb. "She thinks since you're apparently hunting me with the intention of killing me, I might be up for a little preemptive attack."

"Charlie, I-"

"Relax, Ari. If I thought you

wanted to kill me, I wouldn't be here."

Noting her suspicion, Charlie had to temper his growing irritation. She would never trust him again, would she?

"Why are you here?"

He slid off the bed and stood, standing a few inches taller than her. "To bargain with you. I'll help you take care of the Ghulah if you'll keep the Guild off my back."

"How?"

She hadn't immediately scorned the idea. Charlie tried not to growl. Goddammit, she had to stop caring about him!

And yet ... he needed her to care if his plan was to work out. It was such a mess. "You make it hell for them every time they think they got me. You mess up, you cause problems, you do what it takes to give me the time to get the hell out of dodge. In exchange, we'll take the Ghulah down together."

She was clearly worried about his plan and his intention for her to betray people she'd grown to care about. "I don't need help taking down a Ghulah. I'm not worried."

Charlie felt a shot of triumph as he readied himself to deliver the bigger news. "You should be. She's packing some serious heat."

He decided the arrogant way Ari curled her lip was incredibly hot. She'd gotten more confident in the last few months and it was definitely a good look on her. "I can take down a Ghulah carrying a Talisman."

"Sweetheart ... she's not packing a

Talisman. She's packing Pazuzu."

***

Ari thought nothing could be as horrifying as looking at her best friend and discovering that he was really gone. The warmth and personality behind Charlie's dark eyes was gone. His cheeky smile was gone.

It was replaced by blank indifference and a chilling grin. He was gone.

But perhaps as horrifying was the news that one of the deadliest, most ancient Jinn in the world was gunning for her.

When her father, the White King, was trying to bully her into accepting his command, he'd gone after her human father, Derek, using the powers of Pazuzu, an ancient Mesopotamian wind demon who'd put a curse on Derek. The only way to break the curse was to hunt Pazuzu down and use the power of the Seal to command him to undo it. Ari and Jai tracked him down to Roswell, New Mexico. Before they battled with Pazuzu, however, they came across a flesh-eating Jinn, a Ghulah, and got into a fight with her while trying to rescue some humans. Ari used the command of the Seal against her, before using it on Pazuzu after an epic but short battle. Now that Ari was no longer the Seal, her commands had worn off from her victims and it seemed they were not very happy with her.

Crap in a shot glass.

As for Charlie ...

Ari gazed up at him, desperately seeking the old Charlie. The real Charlie. She still refused to believe that this was his end. That because of her, everything good and special and kind about him was gone.

"Or ...," she hedged, taking another step toward him, "you let me negotiate with the Guild. Give me the emerald and I'll negotiate your rehabilitation."

Charlie quickly closed the distance between them, his body almost brushing hers as he stared down into her face with a smirk tilting the corner of his mouth. His dark brown eyes were shadowed with so much ... Ari couldn't pin the expression. Scorn? Rage? Indifference?

Hate? Longing?

"One: this emerald is mine. Two: screw rehabilitation. I don't want it. What I want is for you and your effing Jinn to get out of my life."

Ari bit back a gasp at his aggressiveness. "Charlie ..."

"You don't make this deal, Ari. I will lead that bitch Ghulah and Pazuzu right to you."

At the determination in the clench of his jaw, Ari felt an overwhelming amount of sadness close in around her.

"He's gone, isn't he? My friend is really gone."

Before she could brace herself, Charlie took that final step toward her so his body pressed against hers. He lowered his head, his mouth almost touching her lips. "We were never just friends, no matter what lies you tell yourself. And yeah. Charlie Creagh doesn't live here anymore."

For the first time in her life, Ari felt cold in Charlie's company, cold and vulnerable. But more worrisome was the naked longing in his regard-a longing that seemed mixed with a frustrated amount of blame and anger. His warm breath blew across her face in a huff and she realized his intent as his head took that last dip toward her.

She jerked back, shaking, feeling lost. "Stop."

Something flared in his eyes, something like rage, before he banked it.

"I need time to think about this."

Charlie leveled her with an unimpressed look. "You've got two days to make up your mind. In those two days I'll be back here, same time, same place." He stepped toward her bed, the flames of the Peripatos engulfing him.

They needed to get the emerald back so he wouldn't be able to do crap like that. Ari shuddered, surprised to find herself so physically affected.

An awful truth was trying to push its way to the forefront of her mind.

The awful truth that perhaps the Guild was right after all.

Perhaps Charlie was beyond saving.

3

Where the Sky Meets the Sea

"Ari asked for you again," his brother told him softly as he stepped beside him. They stood together on the brilliant white balcony of Red's stylish home in Santorini. People of wealth occupied the traditional Greek village-celebrities, business people-and it was no longer the place of quiet solitude it once had been. Red knew he was a source of curiosity. That the people around him would look to one of the larger homes that gazed over the unreal crystal blue waters of the Aegean and wonder at the tall red and blue-haired man.

Red cared nothing for their inquisitiveness.

He came here for one thing.

To be close to his love.

Sala had loved coming to visit him here. She loved the startling beauty of the water contrasting against the whitewashed walls of the homes. She loved how, on a cloudless, warm day, the sky would meet the water and one wouldn't know where the other began. She said the sky and the water were like her love for him-she didn't know where she started and where he ended.

They were two halves of one piece.

Agony ripped through Red. He imagined that he could still see the scattering of her ashes across the water below his home. His love's beautiful face flashed before him and at Glass's words, it shimmered, changing to the face of his love's daughter.

He shook himself, glancing at Glass who stared out into the water. "I'm surprised. After I gave Charlie that emerald, I expected her to be angry with me."

Glass shrugged. Red had noticed Glass had taken to dressing in mortal clothing-jeans and T-shirts-and he did not need to wonder at the change. "I think she understands that it was done to protect them. You didn't know the boy well enough to have understood how destructive he could be. And as for Ari, she seems ... frightened. I wonder if we are missing something."

Red ignored the flare of concern and deflected, perusing Glass's attire. "Perhaps if you weren't distracted by the young Ginnaye, you would know."

That earned him a sharp look.

"Leave him out of it."

A new concern needled him. Glass was growing close to Trey and Red feared that it would end as badly as his relationship with Tamir had centuries ago. Tamir had been the only man Glass had ever loved and their mother had killed him in front of them. Since then, Glass had shown little interest in men beyond sex. Until now.

"Red ... what of Ari?"

He sighed inwardly and turned to face the water again. The truth was he had been unable to face Ari because she looked so much like Sala. After his initial anger had cooled, he realized that he did not blame Ari for what had happened. Sala had foolishly jumped into the situation because she read the situation wrong and lost her cool at the sight of Ari in White's clutches. And in her foolishness, she'd left him and Ari alone without her.

Ari.

Red frowned, trying to ignore his growing fatherly concern and feelings of shame-as though he had abandoned her these last few months, when she was never supposed to be his to abandon.

He hit out at his other concern instead. "The boy will grow old and die. What then?"

Glass turned, leaning against the low wall to face him. His gaze was searching and forever patient. "There are ways around that."

Red jerked back in shock. Fear followed. Fear that his brother, his one true friend, would even think of making himself so vulnerable. "You wouldn't dare."

His brother grew sad but it was sorrow tempered with time and with the healing properties of what Red feared was love. It couldn't be love. "I didn't with Tamir because of the danger Lilif posed, but she is no longer with us, and no one else would dare try to kill us.

No one is powerful enough. Trey would be immortal and protected."

Incredulous, Red shook his head.

"And you would have sacrificed a piece of yourself to gain him that."

"I will not lose him. Not like Tamir."

"But you loved Tamir."

His brother stared at him.

Red sighed, closing his eyes, his worry now tenfold. "You've only been with him for a little over two months."

"You loved Sala in one glance."

It was fruitless to argue with him.

Glass did not give his affection easily. If he said he loved Trey, then he meant it. And Red unfortunately believed him. He should've known the moment he met Trey that he would capture Glass's attention. The young man was charismatic, irreverent, and full of life. He was like Tamir in many ways. And like Tamir he was a burning soul of energy and light, a light that Glass, with his grave demeanor and weighty responsibilities, found soothing to his own soul, a balm against the dark.

Still, what Glass was proposing was a commitment he could never back out of. "Think on it a little longer, brother."

"I will."

Silence fell between them and together they stared out over the still water. Red wondered if his brother was also wishing that life could be as calm as the Aegean was today. But no. There was always some catastrophe on the horizon. Lately that catastrophe was his other brother, the White King. And "lately" had lasted centuries. He wanted to hate him. A part of him did. But their bond as the Seven Kings of Jinn, the connection that tethered them together and to the world, kept the hatred from growing into something unmanageable, into something like vengeance. He may not be able to make White pay for killing Sala, but Red would certainly make sure White never got what he wanted.

"White is tearing through Mount Qaf looking for Mother's remains."

"He does realize that could take him a thousand years or more?"

"He can be patient when he wants to be."

Glass grunted in agreement and turned, his large hand coming to rest on Red's shoulder. "Will you speak with Ari?"

Ari.

Sala.

Pain.

Red nodded reluctantly, willing the ache out of his chest as he thought about facing the physical reminder of all he'd lost. "In a few days."

4

Expecting the Moon and Getting the Sun

"Should I tell her?" Jai asked Michael, his voice hushed with the weight of what he was asking, with the need for direction from a man older and more experienced than he was.

When Michael called, Jai could hear in his voice that something was up. Upon Michael's arrival at the house, Jai's suspicions were confirmed when he saw Michael's face.

The Guild believed Charlie Creagh was back in town. It wasn't because he'd used magic. It was because his picture had been passed around the entire Roe Guild and two of them thought they'd seen Charlie in the neighborhood. He'd been coming out of the mall on Mount Holly Road. Before the two Hunters had time to blink, they'd lost sight of him.

Now everyone was on alert. Except Ari, who had no clue.

In an effort to beat back the aggravation and uncertainty he felt over his and Ari's relationship, as well as expel the frustration that Ari would probably have to confront Charlie very soon, Jai had spent the entire day in training. Ari hadn't stopped by at all, which meant she was avoiding him too.

Why she was avoiding him, Jai could only guess.

Why he was avoiding her? For a number of reasons, Charlie not the least of them. The truth was Jai had been worried for days about her and the growing distance between them. She'd been snapping at him, throwing him fake smiles, and generally frustrating the hell out of him. He had no clue what was going on with her and would admit only to himself that he was starting to panic. Buried deep somewhere inside him was the worry that Ari's feelings for him weren't real-that they were born of fear of being alone, and born from feeling safe with him. When she'd started pulling away, Jai worried that she'd finally realized the truth of that.

However, that was until this morning.

In the kitchen.

That nightie.

Damn, that nightie. It was like she was deliberately trying to kill him. But at least the nightie had cleared things up a little bit.

Ari thought he wasn't hot for her because he hadn't slept with her yet.

Jai couldn't believe it. Part of him felt like a damn idiot for not putting two and two together. The other part of him resented the fact that being a good guy had suddenly made him a bad guy.

Hell, did she not know what kind of willpower it took to walk away from her?

They had a lot to talk about.

Starting with Charlie.

Michael stared back at him with masculine sympathy. He'd come down to the gym to tell Jai how late it had gotten. "I try to never keep anything from my wife. I learned fast that secrets come back to bite you in the ass."

Jai sighed heavily, stepping back from the punching bag. "I don't want her in the middle of this."

"She's already in the middle of this. You can't protect her from that. Plus, you're the one person she trusts in this whole world. Don't take that away from her."

Feeling a rush of fierce protectiveness, Jai nodded gratefully at Michael. Michael and Caroline had to be two of the strongest people he'd ever met. The loss of their daughter, Fallon, still hung heavy in the air, in their eyes and even in the almost drugged movements of their bodies. Yet they carried on protecting everyone and taking time to help out. Jai didn't know how he could ever repay Michael for letting him start his life over again away from the incredibly poisonous influence of his so-called family.

Knowing Michael wouldn't want thanks, Jai clapped him on the shoulder as he passed and steeled himself to return home to Ari to figure it all out.

Jai walked into the low-lit sitting room, his heart beating a little faster than usual. Trey would laugh at him if he were here to see Jai Bitar of the great Bitar Ginnayes anxious and nervous about facing a girl. Not just any girl, though, he reminded himself. The girl he loved.

Ari sat in the armchair near the large window, only the table lamp beside her illumination against a darkening sky. Her long legs were draped over the chair's arm and she watched him warily, her book now closed on her lap.

He hated the uncertainty in her expression.

"We need to talk." To his surprise, he saw her mouth tremble as she nodded, gracefully bringing her feet to the floor. Her eyes were wide and wounded, and Jai cursed. "Dammit, Ari, don't look at me like that."

He saw a flash of anger as her spine straightened and he immediately felt better at the sight of her fire.

"Like what?"

"Like I just killed your cat."

"I don't have a cat," she sniffed haughtily.

He rubbed a hand over his close-cropped hair and sat on the sofa nearest her, his eyes boring into her very angry ones. "Why do I feel like I've been a bad guy for days now? I don't even know what I've done except be a gentleman."

Ari stared at him incredulously. He had a feeling he was about to get another lesson on the mysterious female psyche. "For two months, Jai? Look, I appreciate you giving me my own room and letting me know that you weren't pressuring me into anything. But stretching it into two months of nothing but kisses and a patronizing nod to tell me it was my bedtime is not about me. It's about you and what Michael and everyone else here thinks about you. About what you think about you. I get it." She stood, face flushed with frustration. Jai felt his own blood heat at her accusation.

"You're Jai Bitar. Honorable, responsible, guardian Ginnaye. God forbid he ever sleep with his eighteen-year-old girlfriend!"

"Ari, stop."

"No." She huffed. "Do you know how bad you made me feel about myself? Do you know how worried I was that you thought this was a mistake?"

"You?" Jai snapped. "What about me?

Rather than tell me this stuff, you treated me like crap. I thought you thought it was a mistake."

But he might as well have stayed quiet. She was on a roll. "And it's not just the sex thing. You don't talk to me."

Well, that was the biggest load of BS he'd ever heard. "Bullshit."

"I ask you about your dad. What he did to you ... and you shut me down."

"You asked me if I was okay with it, and I told you I was."

"But you're clearly not."

He squeezed his eyes closed, willing himself not to lose his cool with her. "I think I remember telling you when we first met that when a guy says he's fine, he means he's fine!" So much for keeping his cool.

"Don't shout at me!"

Disbelieving at the insensible, illogical fight unfurling out of control, Jai grimaced. She was shouting at him. "You're nuts."

Definitely the wrong thing to say.

Hurt settled into her features before she drew herself up. "Thanks for the talk. Dick."

She moved to hurry past him but Jai wasn't done. Frustration, longing, lust, love, anger, it all mingled together in a need to have her see the truth. In a need to just ... have her.

His arm shot out quick as lightning, his hand curling around her bicep as he yanked her down over him. He fell back against the sofa cushions, rearranging her as she huffed and fussed so that she was straddling his lap. She tried to bat away his hands but he grabbed her wrists, restraining her so she was pressed flush against him, their faces not even an inch apart. Jai stared into her unusual eyes, eyes that searched his frantically. "Did we make a mistake, Jai?" she whispered, her breath teasing his lips. "Did we move too fast?"

He let go of her wrists to smooth his hands down her slender hips, pulling her closer. Ari's breath hitched, her hands coming to rest on his chest. It was rising and falling a little more quickly than normal, and she could probably feel his heart slamming against her palm. "I think we're new at this. And I think we need to start talking to each other."

"You're not really much of a talker."

Jai grunted in acknowledgement and brushed a soft kiss across her mouth. Bad idea. His mouth tingled and his skin prickled with heat. At the second hitch in Ari's breath, he knew she felt it too. "Then I'll start." He pulled back a little so he could look into her face, so that she could look into his and see the sincerity there. "You're right.

There is no getting over my father's betrayal but when I said I'm fine, I am fine, Ari. There's nothing for me to talk about. Nothing for me to work out of my system. What he did gave me clarity, I told you that. I meant it. I'm okay, because ... I have you. Because you showed me what family really is."

"Jai ...," she whispered, pressing closer, the clean scent of soap and vanilla causing another flush of heat to engulf him. She always smelled so amazing.

"I'm not done." His hands flexed on her hips. "As for ... sex ..." He stopped. Just the word set off frustrated sparks inside of him. He tried to control the tightness in his lap and failed. Ari nudged against him, her excited puffs of breath causing the fog to start in his brain. "Ari," he breathed, his grip on her hard. "Don't."

"Why?" She licked at his mouth and he groaned, pulling his head back.

"Because ..." he tried to clear the fog. "You're distracting me from what I was saying."

"You said ... as for sex ..."

"Right." His gaze fell to her mouth. Ari had the perfect mouth. He'd obsessed over that mouth since he'd kissed it for the first time when he put the trace on her. It was lush and full. It wasn't an innocent mouth. Jai jerked his head back. "Okay. Stop."

Hearing the determination in his voice, Ari stopped wriggling and drew back, glaring at him. "This is what I'm talking about. How can it be so easy for you to stop when it feels like I'm going to come out of my freaking skin?"

He laughed, which was so the wrong thing to do. Ari huffed in outrage and tried to climb off him, but Jai wrapped his arms around her, bands of steel she couldn't escape. "I'm not laughing at you," he promised. "I'm laughing at the fact that you think every time I walk away from you, it's somehow easy for me. Do you know how many cold showers I've taken since we moved in together? One a day. On occasion, two."

Ari's mouth parted in surprise.

"Oh."

"Oh is right. Ari, I wanted

you to know that this is more than sex. I wanted you to feel safe with me.

Loved. But that doesn't mean it hasn't been damn hard. Pardon the pun."

Ari grinned and nodded. "I do feel loved." Jai sighed inwardly as she reached up to stroke his cheek. That warm, overwhelming feeling was back in his chest for the first time in days. It was the feeling he got knowing Ari loved him like no one ever had. "But when you love someone as much as I love you, sex is a part of that. A big part of that.

I don't think wanting you, or you wanting me, diminishes all the other parts of being in love. It makes it whole."

Jai rested his head back on the couch and stared at her from under his lashes, wondering how he got so lucky.

"I keep forgetting you're smart."

She hit him playfully, a smile tugging the corner of her mouth. "Tell me you love me back, dumbass, or I'm getting off your lap and never getting back on it. Ever."

Jai grinned up at her. "Well, I can't allow that." His hands on her hips drew her toward him and he pressed a soft, lush kiss to her waiting mouth. When he pulled back, he looked deep into her ever-changing eyes and whispered roughly, with more feeling than he could possibly contain, "I love you. And I'm sorry I ever made you think I didn't want you. You're right. Part of me was keeping up appearances. I'm sorry."

"I'm sorry I didn't talk to you about it and instead acted like a huffy, immature teenager. But in my defense," she added quickly with a saucy smile, "I am a teenager."

Jai groaned. "Don't. You'll make me feel even more debauched than I already do."

"Debauched? Why, Mr. Bitar, have you been reading historical romances again?"

Serious love ripped through him and he laughed, his regard adoring. "God, I love you."

He saw her smile and dip her head, trying to hide the spring of tears in her eyes at his words. Relief coursed through him and Jai wrapped his arms around her until they were hugging each other tightly. After a moment of warm reconciliation, he heard her sigh heavily.

"What is it?"

"We have more to discuss, I'm afraid. And none of it good."

When she pulled back, Jai nodded. "I have something to tell you too."

Ari cupped his face in her hands, her expression grave. "You're not going to like what I have to tell you."

"Baby, you're not going to like my news, either."

***

Feeling overwhelming relief, Ari sat back on Jai's lap, loving the absence of the churning knots in her stomach.

They'd both acted like idiots. It was time to learn from that mistake. Ari shifted and tried to escape his lap, but Jai's hold on her tightened and he frowned.

"Where are you going?"

She smiled. "I think I better remove myself from your person so we can talk. Your lap is very distracting," she told him pointedly and not without a little feminine smugness.

Jai nodded and let her slide off.

She curled next to him. "Do you want to go first?"

Her heart thumped nervously. "I have two things to tell you. You go first."

"The Guild suspects Charlie's back in town."

Ari blinked at his blunt breaking of the news.

Crap.

It was a good thing she'd planned on telling him about Charlie's little visit. "The Guild is right. He came here today."

"What?" Jai shot from the sofa, his energy suddenly stifling the room. "What happened? Are you okay? What did he do?"

Mr. Cool with everyone else but her. Ari reached for his hand to calm him down. "Let me explain."

And so she did. She told him everything, not leaving a thing out. Being in a towel (that went down well).

Charlie trying to kiss her (a little spark of ember actually blazed in Jai's hands before he controlled it). Charlie's threats.

Jai took a calming breath when she was done. "How do you want to handle this?"

Ari winced inwardly. What she was about to ask of him was a lot, considering how much Jai had grown to respect Michael. "By ourselves, if we can."

He sighed wearily and sat down beside her. "I guess I knew that was coming."

"Jai ..."

"I get it." He nodded reassuringly, even though his jaw was clenched so tight it was in danger of shattering.

"We'll deal with it."

"There's more."

"Oh, goodie."

"Jai." She made a face. She needed him to be cool on this.

He held up a hand in apology. "Hit me with it."

"For the past two months ... Asmodeus has been visiting me in my dreams." Ari closed her eyes, bracing herself for his reaction.

When her confession was met by silence, she pried her eyes open and found Jai staring incredulously at her.

"You're just telling me this now?"

"I thought he'd stop. That he was just playing with me. I mean, he is just playing with me but he's not stopping and I don't know why ..."

"Because he wants you, that's why,"

Jai growled dangerously.

Ari blanched. "I was trying not to burden you."

"Is that really why?"

Oh, God, they weren't having another argument already? Ari sighed and slid along the sofa until she was pressed up against his side. His jaw clenched tight again and she stroked her fingers along it, feeling the bristle of his stubble. "He frightens me, Jai. I talk to him because he knows where to hurt me. And where to hurt me is sitting right in front of me. I talk to him so he won't do anything to hurt you."

Jai heaved a sigh but wrapped an arm around her waist. "You still should've told me."

"I know. I'm sorry."

They were silent a moment and then Jai tilted his head to peer down at her, a thoughtful expression on his face.

"None of this is going away tonight. It'll be here in the morning."

Ari's stomach flipped with excitement. "What do you mean?"

"I mean ..." He stood up, pulling her with him. "I'm taking you out on a real date tonight."

"Really?" she laughed happily, glad to shove their troubles to the back of her mind for now. "A real date?"

Jai nodded, grinning at her. "A real date. I'm taking you to dinner, to my favorite restaurant. In Rome."

"You're taking me to Rome?"

He tugged on her waist, drawing her against him. "We're Jinn, baby." He kissed her, swallowing her giggles.

When Jai said he was taking her to Rome, he wasn't kidding. He told her to dress nice and Ari hurried upstairs to look through her wardrobe. She'd conjured all her clothes from the house she'd shared with her dad, Derek, but was having difficulty picking something. Giving up, she called Caroline, who seemed delighted that Jai was taking Ari on a date.

Her hand muffled the handset to relay the news to Michael. When she removed it to speak to Ari again, she said, "I have a dress that'll work. If I put it on my bed, do you think you can conjure it? It's black. Do you have shoes that'll work?"

"Yes and yes. Thank you. You're a lifesaver."

"You two have fun. And Michael says to be careful and vigilant at all times."

"Of course. Good night."

"Good night."

Ari gave Caroline a few minutes and then concentrated on the idea of a dress lying on Caroline's bed. Like a second pair of incredibly long arms, Ari felt her magic reach out and grab hold of the fabric. With a tingle of electricity in the air, the dress appeared on her own bed, the magic sucking out of the room as if through a powerful vacuum.

Stepping toward the dress, Ari smiled. It was simple but elegant. When she tried it on, it fit almost perfectly. She was a little taller than Caroline so it was shorter on her, but the black silk shift made her look older, more sophisticated. With a little bit of magic, she wove her hair up off her neck into a French coil at her nape.

Happy with her appearance, Ari slipped into a pair of black suede heels and braced herself for Jai's reaction.

He was waiting for her at the bottom of the staircase wearing a black thermal crew-neck sweater that showed off his broad shoulders and a pair of black slacks. The diamond earring in his ear winked in the light as he turned to her and Ari had to suck in her breath. Damn, he was like a model. A flush of pleasure washed over her as he smiled, watching her descend. When she came to a stop beside him, he drew back, his eyes drifting down her body and back up again. His green eyes shone.

"You look fantastic," he told her, voice gruff with emotion.

Ari grinned at him. "So do you."

"The restaurant we're going to is called L'Archeologia on the old Appian Way. Remember to use the Cloak as you come out of the Peripatos."

She nodded, her stomach full of butterflies. They were going to Rome! Her smile turned sly. "Race ya!" And with that, she stepped into the Peripatos seconds before Jai could.

The pull of the Peripatos told her they were nearing their destination. She shrouded herself in the Cloak and stepped forth, blinking as she took in the famous paving. She turned around and realized she was standing under the wooden canopy of the entrance to the restaurant. She felt Jai's familiar tingling magic and then his hands groping to find her. She let him pull her behind a slim Roman pillar that had ample foliage to hide them from view. As a couple wandered past, Jai brushed his fingers sensually down her arm.

Come out of the Cloak.

They appeared at the same time. Ari had to tilt her head back to smile up at Jai, he was standing so close. "We're on the old Appian Way. How cool is that?"

He grinned and stroked her chin with his thumb, seeming happy that she was happy. "I called in a reservation.

Tonight, everything else is gone, okay? It's just you and me on the old Appian Way."

"That sounds like song lyrics."

Jai frowned, his eyes teasing as he took her by the elbow and led her inside. "What kind of music do you listen to?"

"Folksy, Legionnairey stuff."

He chuckled but couldn't respond because the maitre d' appeared. He asked something in Italian and to Ari's utter shock, Jai conversed with him. In Italian.

She didn't say a word as they were led inside the restaurant's rustic, dark interior. It had Tudor windows and low, vaulted ceilings with thick, dark beams. A grand fireplace served as the room's focal point.

The restaurant smelled amazing. Her stomach agreed.

The maitre d' led them past the other diners to a private corner table, and all the while Ari wondered about Jai's surprising language skills and whether a maitre d' was called such in Italy, considering the word was French. Hmm.

Once they were seated with menus and water, Ari arched an eyebrow at Jai. He lowered the glass he was about to sip from. "What?"

"Italian? You speak Italian?"

He nodded, appearing bemused. "I speak Italian."

"Do you speak any other languages I should know about?"

"French, German, Spanish, and Arabic. Some Farsi. A little Chinese and some Japanese, but not fluent. Oh, and a little Russian."

Ari's mouth fell open with unladylike shock. "How did I not know I was dating a linguistic genius?"

"I'm not a genius."

"You're a genius." She shrugged teasingly. "I wish I'd known this before we started dating. I don't know if I can handle being with someone who thinks he's smarter than me."

"Wait a minute-a minute ago I was a genius. Now I only think I'm smarter than you?"

She smiled and shrugged again. "You speak one, two ... nine languages ... you're a genius and I bet you think you're smarter than me."

Jai chuckled and sipped his water.

"I think I'm just smart enough for you."

Ari pouted a little. "I only speak English."

"And you speak it well, baby."

For that he got a kick under the table. He grunted and smiled into his water. He looked happy. Ari felt a warm glow in her belly and smiled softly at him, memorizing every single feature, every long, dark eyelash. Suddenly she felt awful for having acted like such a petulant ass these last few weeks. "I really am sorry for blowing up at you."

"It's okay," he assured her, his expression tender.

"You just ..." She flushed and glanced around at the busy restaurant. Couples were deep in conversation and Ari could hear a number of languages among them.

"I just what?"

When she turned back to him, he was frowning. She smiled a little shyly. "You make me a little crazy. I mean, I probably shouldn't tell you this but you occupy a large portion of my daily thoughts." She laughed, feeling completely dorky. "It's a little obsessive."

Thankfully, Jai didn't go running for the hills at her confession. Instead, he returned her shy smile and nodded.

"I know what you mean. You make me a little crazy too." He shook his head as if in disbelief. "A year ago, all I cared about was the job. Being the best. It dominated my life. I wanted to be the best Ginnaye out there and I wanted to prove myself to Luca. Now, all I think about is you. How to make you happy. How to keep you safe. Sometimes I get it wrong," he laughed ruefully. Ari chuckled.

"Clearly, I get it wrong. But I wanted you to know that this craziness ... we're in it together."

"Together," she murmured, her whole body tingling with emotion. She dipped her chin and glanced up at him from under her eyelashes. "Will together include any naked together time?"

Jai quickly masked his surprise at the question and flashed her a wicked smile. "Why, Miss Johnson, I do believe you're trying to seduce me."

"Um ... yeah, only since we met."

"I have a very strong will."

"Your will sucks."

"Well," he sighed dramatically, making her giggle at this playful side of him she so loved. "I'm feeling kind of weak tonight."

Her heart stopped as his meaning took hold of her. "Really?" she whispered, hoarsely, already planning on skipping the meal to get to the dessert.

As if he'd read her mind, he gave her an admonishing look. "Dinner first. Dessert later. Sometimes anticipation is a good thing."

"Oh my God, you're killing me," she breathed, but before he could reply, the waiter returned.

Ari had no idea how they managed to make it through the meal with their light banter back and forth, but they did ...

When they stepped out of the Peripatos back into the dark of their home, Ari turned to look at Jai. He turned to gaze at her, and the air around them became pressure against her body. The searing expression in Jai's eyes locked her in place, and she found her breathing grow shallow, her skin prickling in anticipation of his touch. Focusing on the energy in the house, Ari sent little feelers out and discovered they were completely alone.

"Trey's not home," she told him, her voice raspy with too much feeling and expectation.

Jai didn't say a word. One minute there was a few feet between their bodies, the next she was caught in his hold as he collided with her, his arm catching her around the waist, his other hand around the back of her neck in preparation for his kiss.

What a kiss.

Ari sighed into it, melting against him, her hands kneading the muscles in his lower back as he deepened the kiss.

Usually Jai started out slow when they were making out and as soon as it hit that heated sexual place, he'd pull back. This time, he went straight for the heated sexual place. He pressed her toward the stairs and Ari stumbled.

They parted, their mouths brushing one another's as she panted, "Let's go to your room."

Jai nodded, his eyes lidded with want as he gazed down at her. He reached for her mouth again and then lifted her up. Wrapping her legs around his waist, Ari held on tight for more scorching kisses, her body sliding against his as he carried her upstairs to his room.

She heard the door slam shut behind them and then she was falling onto the mattress.

"Oh my God, this is going to happen," she whispered up at him, excited.

Following her down onto the bed,

Jai smiled, but his intensity didn't fade as his hands coasted up her thighs, pushing her dress higher. "Definitely happening," he murmured.

In seconds, she was divested of her clothes, lying beneath Jai, heart pounding against her ribs. She knew she should feel vulnerable, scared, but other than nervous anticipation, Ari felt like she was right where she belonged.

Jai sat up, his eyes devouring her.

"You are so beautiful."

"So are you." Ari smiled and tugged at his shirt. "But I want to see more."

His mouth twitched but he happily consented and soon Ari was marveling over him, her soft hands memorizing the feel of him as they kissed, taking time to get to know one another.

Soon their kisses and touches grew desperate and Ari found herself beneath him, his body poised above hers. He pulled back from her mouth, his expression loving but concerned. "It'll hurt a little. Just tell me to stop if you need me to."

She nodded, the nerves fluttering wildly in her stomach.

And then he was there, pressing inside her. It hurt. It really hurt. But through the pain was Jai's murmured words of love, the brush of his lips against her cheek, her mouth, his fingers threaded through hers, and the amazing feeling of connection she'd never felt with anyone.

Mingling with the pain, suddenly there was heat, pleasure.

He dropped his head to the crook of her neck, his lips pressed to her hot skin. His grip on her hands was almost painful as he anchored her to him, taking them both to the heights of their lovemaking.

She shuddered against him, and he let go. Coming down from the high, they wrapped their arms around one another and held on tight.

"I love you," Ari whispered, a happy tear trembling on her lashes.

Jai nodded against her shoulder,

his muscles flexing around her. "I love you too."

5

The Hit Meant for You Bruised Me

A breeze swept through the White King's loose hair as he lounged on the large balcony abutting his music room. Only a few white clouds interrupted the azure sky above, and the sun, high in its summer ceiling, caused the mountains of Mount Qaf to glitter triumphantly in the light.

His brothers Gleaming and Shadow lounged with him, sipping hibiscus tea and appearing as though they were nothing more than lords at leisure. Appearances were always deceiving.

"We need to find some way to weaken Father," Gleaming grumbled. "There must be something."

"If there was something, we'd be doing it," White muttered irritably.

Shadow sat up to place his tea on the table. "We need to weaken Father long enough to infiltrate the palace, subdue Asmodeus, take the ring, and utilize it to force Father to tell us where Mother is."

In that moment White wished, not for the first time, that Red and Glass had taken his side in this hostile endeavor. Perhaps it bode ill for the future that the only brothers willing to come to his aid were the least savvy of them. "Yes, thank you for that illuminating reiteration of the situation."

"I could leave," Shadow warned, the boredom in his voice masking his obvious petulance. "I don't need to be here, subjected to your sarcasm and lack of appreciation."

"Then go. I don't need a commentator.

I need a plan." White took another swig of tea, finding the calm, the patience that he needed to do what had to be done. "Our search for Lilif will probably take centuries unless Azazil hands over the information." When he looked at his brothers, they both looked green at the thought of going through this for centuries. He sighed and stared back up at the sky. "Keep thinking."

***

Waking up in Jai's arms allowed Ari to forget all the bad stuff, at least for a few minutes. Her mind was wiped blank of the Jinn world, her senses focused solely on the chest beneath her head, the strong arm around her waist, the sound of his heart beating against her ear, and the smell of him-that rich, spicy scent all his own.

She had never, not once, felt as loved as she did just then, and for a moment, Ari believed that if she died that day, she'd die happy knowing she'd had this with him. For surely, the overwhelming passion and incredible bond between them was more than many people ever experienced in a full lifetime.

"You awake?" His voice rumbled above her.

Her loopy smile pressed against his skin. "Mmm."

Shifting back, Jai trailed his hand down her hip, sending goosebumps over her skin. When their eyes met, her heart almost stopped. How was it possible that he could still make her feel like she was crushing on him?

His return smile was unguarded, and it caused a wave of aching emotion to crash against Ari's chest. Jai rarely looked this relaxed or happy. It thrilled her that she could make him feel that way. "Did you sleep okay?"

"I slept better than okay." She pressed a kiss against his chest and pulled back to grin up at him.

It made him laugh. "I don't remember ever feeling this good."

"Me neither."

"Do you want to run away?" he joked, cuddling her close. "Just say 'eff you all, we're out of here.'"

"I think we might have to take Trey with us."

"Yeah, I can see us having to buy a home with a pool house for him to grow old in."

Ari chuckled, tilting her head back for his kiss. Pulling his lips away, Jai suddenly frowned at her. "Are you sore?"

She wrinkled her nose. "A little."

"I'm sorry."

"Don't be." She smiled mischievously.

"If I remember correctly from my girlfriends' tales, you performed something akin to a miracle last night."

"You really shouldn't say these things. It will only make me an egotistical jackass."

Laughing, she shook her head. "I think we're past that."

"You know, if you continue to be mean to me, I won't do it again. I will become a very selfish lover." His face was completely deadpan.

Ari's lips twitched, her chest full of fluttering wings, she was in such a good mood. "Become a selfish lover and I'm out of here. You'll need to get used to your right hand again."

Jai threw his head back on the pillow, laughing at her, his eyes glittering in the morning light. "What have I created?"

"A very happy girlfriend." She crawled over him, her arms braced on his chest, her hair falling like a curtain around them.

"Yeah?" he breathed, staring up at her reverently. He brushed her hair back, curling his fingers around her ear, sending shivers down her spine.

"Mmm." She pressed her mouth to his, groaning as Jai deepened the kiss. He wrapped his arms around her slender waist and rolled them, trailing heated kisses down her throat, her chest, down her soft belly. When he kissed her there, she cried out and quickly clamped a hand over her mouth, sensing Trey's energy in the house now and not wanting to be heard.

Biting her tongue, Ari's eyelashes fluttered closed as she let Jai take her on another amazing sensual journey.

After a joint shower, they dressed in Jai's room, acting like stupid, loved-up idiots and enjoying every minute of it. It wasn't until they were about to leave the room and venture downstairs for breakfast when Jai returned them to a more serious place.

"Did Asmodeus visit your dreams last night?"

Hearing the edge in his voice, Ari was thankful her honest reply was, "No."

He grunted and Ari automatically wanted to shut his bedroom door to bar them inside, away from all the crap outside. Instead, she followed him downstairs, his large hand holding hers tight in his. When they entered the kitchen, Trey was already there with his easel in the corner, looking out into the gardens. Paper, paints, charcoal, and pencils littered the breakfast table. He glanced up from the blurry, abstract landscape he was working on and grinned knowingly at them. "Morning," he offered silkily.

He knew.

How did he know? Ari blushed.

"Morning," she mumbled and hurried to pour herself a white coffee, a black one for Jai-his only vice. Ari wondered if in Jai-Land, she could be considered a vice too.

"Ari, you're positively glowing this morning. What could have possibly brought such a-ow!" Trey yelped and Ari turned to see him rubbing the back of his head as Jai moved innocently away to take a seat. She snorted and slipped into a chair beside Jai, pushing the coffee toward him.

He smiled softly, his eyes blazing with heat as he looked at her. "Thank you."

Ari flushed. "You're welcome."

"Do Glass and I act like this?" Trey asked.

Ignoring his teasing, Ari studied his painting. "That's beautiful. Can we hang it somewhere or are you selling it?"

Trey studied his own work. "Nah, I think we'll hang it. It should stay with this house."

"So I hate to destroy a pleasant morning, but ..." Jai sighed heavily. "Trey, we have a problem."

His best friend caught the serious note in his voice and lowered his paintbrush. Bracing his hands on the back of a chair, Trey nodded. "Okay, hit me with it."

Ari was silent as Jai filled Trey in on the situation with Charlie and Asmodeus. It didn't surprise her that she'd agreed they should confide in Trey. After all, he was on their side and if they were going to be handling this alone, he would be a welcome help.

Shaking his head at the news, Trey sat down at the table. "So ... you're not telling Michael?"

The thought of keeping secrets from a man who'd helped them made Ari ill. It was with a heavy heart she replied, "We can't tell him, Trey. You know what the Guild will do to Charlie, and I just need one more chance to save him."

"To save him? Ari, he's blackmailing you."

"Trey," Jai asked softly, "what if it were me?"

Trey groaned. "Oh. Okay, fine. So we need a plan, right?"

"Actually, I think I might already have one," Jai offered quietly.

That was news to Ari. She sat up straight, anticipation zinging in her blood. "Yeah? Since when?"

"This morning." He sat forward, his gaze drifting between her and Trey. "What if we try to dry Charlie out?"

Ari frowned. "Like you would a drug addict?"

"Exactly."

"Okay ..."

"How?" Trey asked.

"We tag him ourselves. Bind him with magic and keep him in the basement until the emerald is out of his system and he's functioning like a human being again."

Ari's chest felt heavy at the thought but she'd also begun to feel restless. It was a plan, the only plan they had to save her friend, and she wanted to get started on it. However, they had another issue to deal with first. "And the Ghulah and Pazuzu?"

Jai shrugged. "The Ghulah we can kill. Pazuzu ... well, for him we're going to need to get our hands on a Secretum."

"A what now?" Ari raised an eyebrow, wondering what it was and how hard it was to get.

"It's a powerful binding item. It's created from the wood of a Conessi tree, packed with tellicherry bark and harmal and also treated with harmal. A strong-enough Jinn can entrap another lesser Jinn within the box, and once locked, it's impossible for the Jinn to escape. If we use Charlie's help to lure Pazuzu to us, I think the three of us can do it."

"You think?" Trey made a face.

"We're talking about freakin' Pazuzu here."

Jai smirked. "Trey ... there's two of us and one of her." He indicated Ari with admiration in his expression. "That ugly bastard doesn't stand a chance."

Ari laughed nervously. "Are you using overconfidence to give us confidence?"

"I'll never tell."

She chuckled but her fingers trembled around her mug just thinking about the damage Pazuzu had done to her and Jai when they'd last faced him. He'd tried to rip Ari to shreds, and the pain, the excruciating pain, like a million paper cuts all over her body, wasn't something she'd soon forget. Neither was the memory of watching Jai almost die.

The only thing that had saved them had been the power of the Seal inside of her. Now that was gone. Did they really stand a chance?

"Baby, it's the only way."

She nodded.

"Jai's right." Trey stood, rubbing his hands together, a simmering energy crackling around him. "We can totally pull this off."

Jai stood too, his expression grim again. "For now, we wait until Charlie contacts Ari and we'll take it from there. We go about our lives as normal. Don't act weird, and don't give anything away to the Guild."

Because of their sudden secretiveness, the loud knock on the front door startled them. Ari pushed her senses out toward it. "Michael," she whispered.

Jai squeezed her shoulder and left the kitchen. She and Trey exchanged slightly worried glances at the sound of murmured voices, their guilt over keeping this a secret from Michael conjuring worst-case scenarios for the reason behind his surprise visit.

When Jai entered the kitchen followed by their Guild leader, Ari stood and smiled naturally. "Morning, Michael."

He smiled back at her but the expression didn't reach his eyes. "Ari. Trey." His gaze drifted back to Jai and then to Trey again. "I ... uh ... I'd like to have a word with you alone, Ari, if that's okay."

Right then, Ari didn't want to be alone with him. In fact, she couldn't be. She was afraid anything she said might give her away. "Oh, you can say what you have to say in front of Jai and Trey. We're family."

Michael took a step toward her, his eyebrows drawn together in a deep frown. "Ari, please. I think we should speak alone."

Her heart sped up, the rhythm of its beats growing steadily faster. "Okay, well, now I really want them to stay."

"Ari-"

"Just tell me what's wrong, Michael."

Their Guild leader sighed wearily. "Fine.

Luca Bitar has been in contact."

"My father?" Jai strode past him to stand between her and Michael. "What's going on? What's that got to do with Ari?"

Michael eyed Ari. "Are you sure you don't want to speak alone?"

Her mind raced as she tried to think why Michael was so concerned about her privacy. "If it's about Jai's father, he should hear it too."

"It's not about Luca. He was calling to warn me that his son David has been spreading rumors that you are, or at least once were, the Seal, and Yasmin Lenz has been corroborating those claims. Most Jinn don't believe him, but Luca wanted us to be aware in case it sends some inquisitive Jinn our way."

The blood rushed in Ari's ears as it suddenly dawned on her why Michael wanted to have this conversation in private. Because of David, and what he'd done. Clearly, Luca found out from his son and had told Michael why David had been subjected to Ari's command.

Oh, hell. Ari's eyes flew to Jai as he turned to her, confusion written all over his face. "How did David know what you were? Only Luca, Nicki, Yasmin, and Tarik knew. And Yasmin couldn't tell anyone."

Ari shook her head, not sure how Jai would react to the information. "Jai ..."

"Ari?" He took a step toward her, his face dark, eyes glittering with warning. "How did he know?"

She raised her hands defensively.

"It was nothing, okay? It was nothing. I dealt with it."

"Dealt with what?" he snapped.

"Tell him, Ari." Michael sighed again.

Stomach churning, Ari met Jai's gaze and informed him quietly, "When we stayed at your parents' home. I used the command of the Seal against David."

His eyes burned with questions Ari feared he already knew the answers to. "Why?"

She shook her head, hating that

their wonderful morning together was ruined. "Don't do anything. Please."

"Why, Ari?" His voice was rough

with impatience. Ari couldn't remember seeing him so close to losing control.

She glanced back at Trey for help, but he looked just as ready to explode.

Closing her eyes briefly, she turned back. When she opened them, she saw pain in Jai's eyes. "It's not as bad as it sounds. But ... He ... he tried to assault me. Force himself on me."

With a yell of pure fury that caused Ari to stumble back into the table, Jai disappeared into the roaring flames of the Peripatos.

"Shit," Michael and Trey bit out in unison.

Ari didn't respond. She was already summoning the Peripatos to chase after her boyfriend. Almost falling out of it in her hurry to get to the Bitar mansion, Ari stumbled against Trey who'd followed her. He steadied her, and the sounds of yelling from Luca's office jolted them into action. They raced out of the hallway and Trey shoved open one of the large double doors. Ari pushed past him as he came to a stop, only to find Jai's fists curled into the neckline of David's shirt. He'd hauled him close, his furious green eyes almost black with aggression.

"Did you touch her?" His voice was low, the words edged with a growl.

David grabbed onto Jai's hands.

"Get off me!"

"Did you touch her?"

His brother's eyes flicked to Ari and his lip curled into a sneer. He smirked as his gaze traveled back to meet Jai's, and Ari felt her stomach drop as he whispered, "She loved every minute of it."

Jai moved so quickly, he was a blur. The floor tiles cracked beneath their feet as he lifted David and slammed his body into the ground. Jai didn't waste a minute, his fist smashing down into his brother's face in retribution for his crime.

Ari moved to intervene but was halted by Trey's strong hands. He held her while she squirmed, her head spinning around upon hearing the familiar Irish voice as Luca held Nicki from the scene.

"Let me go!" she shouted in outrage to her husband, but Luca held fast.

"It is Jai's right," Luca told her authoritatively.

Even Tarik, the eldest of the Bitar brothers, stood at the side, arms crossed over his chest as he watched Jai beat David to a bloody pulp.

"No!" Ari cried out, forcing magic into her touch so that it created the slightest electrical shock. Trey jumped with a bark of annoyance and let her go. She hurried to Jai's side. "Jai, stop!

He's not worth it." She grabbed hold of his arm and he snapped around with murderous intent, only to still at the sight of her. Ari glanced down at David with a gulp.

He was barely conscious, his face bloodied and bruised.

"Jai, stop," she whispered, tears filling her eyes. She hated that she'd brought him to this.

Jai yanked his arm out of her hold and got slowly to his feet. The air around his body crackled with dangerous energy as he turned to stare at his so-called family. His chest heaved from exertion and fury. "If any of you hurt what's mine again, I will come after you, and I will kill you." He eyed Luca. "And you can tell the same to that little bitch spreading rumors about Ari. You tell her she stops, or I'll make her stop."

Luca nodded. "I'll tell her, son."

"I want him out of the Tribe." Jai glowered at David and then back at his father. "I want him fired."

"No!" Nicki cried out. "You've done enough damage."

Jai took a threatening step toward her and she flinched back. "I've done enough damage?" he guffawed bitterly and shook his head. "Never mind the fact that this piece of crap touched my girl, he touched her when she was under this Tribe's protection. So unless you want word spread that David Bitar likes to sexually assault clients, get rid of him."

Tarik cocked his head, his eyes narrowed on his younger half-brother. "And is that about the honor of the Tribe, Jai, or about revenge?"

Jai didn't miss a beat. "Both."

"Fine," Luca answered flatly.

Nicki turned on him, her feline eyes attempting to flay her husband alive. "Don't you dare."

Luca sliced her a cutting look. "I am the Tribe leader here, and Jai is right. I cannot afford to have David in the Tribe. His actions are far too volatile, impulsive ..." He sneered down at his son who groaned as he tried to lift his head from the ground. "And distasteful. You knew this was a possibility because I've discussed it before.

Jai has merely forced my hand."

"You would choose this son over your real one?"

At that, Ari felt her metaphorical claws come out. As if sensing her imminent attack against Nicki, Jai grabbed Ari's arm and pulled her to him.

Luca sighed. "I am choosing my Tribe over David. I won't have decades of hard work and a legendary reputation put at risk because of his proclivities. Jai gets his wish. David is out."

Satisfied, Jai gave his father a brittle nod before turning to Ari. She tensed at the rawness in his expression as he told her, "We're going to back to the house."

Trembling, Ari nodded and stepped back into the Peripatos. When she reappeared in their kitchen, Michael was still there. He opened his mouth to speak but the flames hissed and Jai and Trey arrived. Michael took one look at Jai and sighed heavily. "It's taken care of, I see."

Jai's jaw clenched and he nodded before shooting Ari an unfathomable look. He then turned his back to them and leaned against the counter, his rapid breathing slowing. Silence settled around them as they waited for him to gain control over his emotions. Finally, he turned and looked at Ari again. "What I don't understand is why you kept this from me."

"Jai, I just ..."

"You just what?"

Trey cleared his throat. "Michael, I'll walk you home. I'm going to meet up with the guys at the training center."

Michael nodded, shooting Jai and Ari one last concerned look before leaving.

As soon as the front door slammed, Jai snapped. "Well?"

"Because," Ari turned to face him, her arms crossed defensively. "I didn't want what just happened to happen."

"I'm supposed to be protecting you, and I couldn't even protect you from my own brother."

"I protected myself."

"And then didn't tell me!"

"Stop yelling at me!"

"How far did it get? What did he do?"

Ari sighed, her cheeks burning with

the memory. "It didn't get far. He touched me, kissed me ..."

"Touched you where?"

"Does it matter?"

"Yes, it f**king matters."

Ari blanched and stepped back.

"You're scaring me."

"Yeah, well, I'm scaring myself."

He turned on his heel and marched out of the room, his hand gripping the back of his neck.

Taking a moment to control her nerves, Ari waited before following him into the sitting room. She found him standing at the fireplace, his hands braced on the mantel, head bowed. Crossing the room to him, she felt him tense as she placed a soothing hand on his shoulder. Slowly, he relaxed under her touch. "My hip, my thigh, and my neck."

Jai stiffened when he realized she meant those were the places David had touched her. "I should have killed him."

"No," she whispered. "No. Not over me. For what he did to you in the past, maybe, but never over me, Jai."

"Ari," he turned his head and she saw his lip had already healed. Pain still seared in his eyes, though. "What he did to you, he did to me. Whatever happens to you happens to me. Don't you get that?"

She nodded, feeling the tears prick her eyes. "I'm sorry. I should've told you."

Jai stood straight and pulled her roughly into his arms, his head bowed against her shoulder. "Promise you'll never keep anything from me, no matter how much you think I won't want to hear it."

"I promise." Ari gripped him tight.

"But I swear I'm okay. A little shaken up when it happened, but it hasn't kept me up at night. I swear."

"Good," he murmured, his hot lips pressing soft kisses up her neck to her ear. "Did it frighten you? What I did to him?"

"A little," she answered honestly.

"It frightened me too." He held her even tighter.

When Ari felt him tremble, a tear spilled over her lashes. She didn't want him to think badly of himself. She wanted him to know she understood. "Jai," she whispered and pulled back so she could look him in the eye and he'd know she was telling the truth. "I would hunt down anyone who hurt you. I would. I don't know what kind of person that makes me, but it's the truth. So even if it frightened me ... what you did ... I get it."

With a groan of gratitude, Jai crushed her lips beneath his.

The kiss grew quickly out of control and they stumbled together to the couch. Jai braced his body above hers, his chest heaving with emotion. "We don't have to ..."

With a soft smile, Ari sent her magic out into the room and it darkened suddenly as she closed the curtains.

"Yes, we do." She reached for the hem of his T-shirt and helped him pull it up over his head. Quickly they undressed one another, frantic to be close, and to wipe out the violence of their morning.

6

There's Dry Rot in This Wooden Bridge of Promises

The house seemed to ring with silence. Was that possible? Ari frowned, trying to relax in the chair in her room. Her muscles, however, refused to do her bidding, her spine ramrod straight as her whole body perched, ready to jump into action at a moment's notice.

Yesterday, Jai had stayed by her side the whole day. He needed the reassurance of having her close, and not just because of the revelation about David's attack. No, he needed her close because he knew that the next morning, he was going to have to leave her all alone to start this thing with Charlie. Ari appreciated him believing in her, believing that she could take care of this. She was proud of him for being able to put his differences aside with Charlie to help her try to save her friend.

Especially when Ari wasn't sure if there was anything left to save.

She was pretty sure he was no longer the boy she'd loved. But for all they'd been to one another, she had to try ...

"Are you really mad at me?"

Ari gazed up at her best friend, feeling her chest squeeze with affection at his wide, pleading eyes.

Charlie had beautiful eyes and he was using them to his advantage. Still, he had taken Macy McGuffin to their tenth-grade dance, and although it was partly her fault for not asking him when she should have (it was ladies' choice), she was still pissed he'd said yes.

Okay, so he'd won some points dropping by her house first thing in the morning, Ari thought, leaning against her front door, but it still didn't stop her from feeling confused and hurt. Although they hadn't declared themselves boyfriend and girlfriend, she'd assumed that's where they were eventually headed. But if he wanted to start dating other girls, well ...

Ari shrugged. "Why would I be mad at you?" she asked lazily, not meeting his eyes.

Charlie groaned.

"You're mad at me. You're definitely mad at me."

"I'm not," she lied.

He took a step toward her. "Ari, she asked me last minute and you hadn't, so ..."

"I hadn't so you went with Macy. That's fair."

"You don't sound like you think it's fair."

"Of course it's fair. I didn't ask you so of course you'd look for another girl. We're interchangeable."

"Interchangeable?"

Charlie looked horrified. "No, no, Ari, no, you're the one who didn't ask me."

She scowled up at him.

"Did I ask anyone else?"

His face dropped.

"Well, no."

"And I could have.

Bobby, AJ, and Stevie B. all asked me to ask them."

Now it was Charlie's turn to scowl. "They did?"

"Mmm-hmm. And I said no."

Her best friend heaved a massive sigh. "I knew as soon as I turned up at the dance last night that I'd made a mistake. I'm really sorry, Ari."

When he gave her those puppy dog eyes, she found it difficult to resist. "Fine," she grumbled. "I forgive you."

Charlie grinned with relief. "Good, because I need to ask you something." He got down on one knee and it was then Ari realized he'd been hiding one hand behind his back.

Her eyes widened in horror. "Charlie ..." If this was a marriage proposal, she was going to die. He did know they were only kids, right? And that it was kind of illegal?

He pulled his hand from behind his back and offered her a corsage in a clear box. "Ari Johnson, will you go to homecoming with me?"

Laughter burst from between her lips as she stared down at him on his bended knee. "Homecoming is next semester. It's months away."

"I know. I'm planning ahead so Bobby, AJ, and Stevie B. can't beat me to the punch. So will you?" he grimaced. "A quick yes or no will work ... My knee is kind of on a stone."

Laughing hard, Ari reached out and took the corsage. She gripped Charlie's arm and urged him to get up. "Yes, I'll go to homecoming with you."

Grinning a little goofily now, Charlie gripped the edges of her doorway and leaned close to her.

"Yeah?"

"Yes."

His expression suddenly changed as his eyes roamed her face. The smile left his lips and regret flashed in his dark gaze. "I'm sorry if I hurt you, Ari. I promise I'll never hurt you, or let anyone else hurt you, ever again."

It was not a promise Charlie had managed to keep.

The hiss of flames brought Ari's head out of her memories and into the room. Charlie stepped out of the Peripatos beside the bottom of her bed. He was wearing faded jeans and a wrinkled T-shirt, and a lot more jewelry than he used to. He wore two silver rings, a couple of copper bracelets, and a number of chains bearing metal talismans. It was all to fuel his power. The jewel that fueled most of his power must be on him if he'd used the Peripatos, but it was hidden. Was the emerald in his pocket?

"You look pensive." Charlie cocked his head to the side, his face expressionless. "Does that mean you're willing to cooperate or that we're about to become mortal enemies?"

Wearily, Ari got to her feet. "Do you really think after everything that I wouldn't cooperate?"

Something dark flashed in his gaze and he clenched his fists. "You need to learn when to give up."

"Are we doing this or not?"

He raised an eyebrow at her tone but nodded. "Them for my freedom, right? So, do you have a plan, or are we going to put our heads together and work it out?"

Ari bristled at the innuendo in his voice. It was so smarmy, so not Charlie. "I have a plan. All I need from you is to lure the Ghulah and Pazuzu out to Rancocas State Park in two days' time, at dusk. The park is beside the New Jersey Turnpike."

Charlie curled his lip. "And where in the park am I to lure them?"

"Somewhere in the middle, away from the creek. I'll be able to sense you."

His eyes narrowed on her. "This wouldn't be a trap, would it?"

Instead of answering his question directly, she replied with utmost sincerity. "I don't want you to die, Charlie." Her eyes glittered at the thought and he gave her a sharp nod.

"I believe that." He shook his head as if he didn't understand her. "Fine. I'll get them there and then I'm gone.

You'll keep those ass**les off my back?"

"Yes, I will."

"You'll have backup tomorrow, right?"

Ari smirked at him. "What? Do you still care after all?"

"No. If you die, I have no one watching my back as promised. So, do us both a favor and bring some backup." He scowled at her and let the flames of the Peripatos engulf him.

For what could have been a minute or an hour, Ari stared at the space where Charlie had stood, feeling brittle and restless at the same time. She wanted this to be over. She wanted him to be okay. If she couldn't get him through this and out onto the other side, Ari would never be able to forgive herself. His life had come to this because of her, because her mother placed her with Derek in Sandford Ridge, Ohio.

Ari had to change it. This couldn't be Charlie's ending.

Fire exploded in the room, shaking Ari out of her maudlin thoughts as a giant of a man stepped out of the flames.

Her heart surged into her throat.

"Red," she breathed, shocked he was there but relieved too.

He gave her a small nod. "Ari."

Ari took a step toward him and faltered at what she found in his eyes. They were colder somehow, and they still held grief. He mourned her mother, Sala.

At the thought of Sala, Ari felt overwhelming loss and regret. She never got the chance to get to know her mother-a Jinn who'd loved Ari so much. Sala had also loved Red, and he had adored her back.

"How ... how are you?" she asked softly.

"I am well. And you?" He gazed around her room, taking everything in. Ari was sure it was so he didn't have to look at her. She shivered, hating this strange, formal distance between them.

Her uncle had made so many mistakes, most regarding Charlie, but he'd also been her closest ally among the royal Jinn. Ari wasn't even 100 percent sure he was her ally, but with little else to hold on to, she'd always needed to believe that he was friend, not foe.

"I'm all right."

"I brought you this." He stopped and held out a strange wooden box with Middle Eastern arabesques and motifs carved into it.

Ari tentatively took it. "What is it?"

"Trey confided in Glass of your plan with Pazuzu and Charlie. This is a Secretum. You need it, yes?"

Sighing, Ari nodded. She should've known Trey would turn to the Glass King. He trusted him far more than Ari did.

And yet, Glass and Red clearly trusted one another. So, if Ari trusted Red, surely she could trust her other uncle. "Thank you for bringing this."

"You're welcome." He frowned.

"Please be careful with Pazuzu. The three of you must work together closely."

"We will."

He turned sharply, his long, bright red plait swinging across his lower back. "I need to be going ... unless there's anything else I can help you with?"

"Actually, yes." Ari took a quick step toward him and he flinched, causing her to screech to a halt. Hurt pierced through her at his reaction, but she managed to stifle it from her expression and tone. "Asmodeus keeps visiting my dreams. I don't know why. It's unsettling to say the least."

Red's face darkened and he gave her a tight nod. "I'll look into it." And without a goodbye, he disappeared into the Peripatos, leaving Ari feeling more alone than ever.

7

Dancing with Giants

The visit with Ari was surprisingly painful.

Red sighed wearily. She looked so much like Sala. The hurt brought on by this very physical reminder of his lost love was compounded by guilt. He should be taking better care of Ari in Sala's absence, and now that his father was no longer interested in Ari, he didn't even have loyalty to Azazil to excuse the distance he'd created between himself and the girl.

With that in mind, Red found himself back in his father's palace for the first time in weeks. He marched through the cold corridors, barely acknowledging the bowing heads of the Shaitans he passed. The visit to the palace was for Ari's sake. Asmodeus was dreamwalking Ari. Not good. Any attention from the Sultan's first lieutenant was never good.

Red had to discover the reason behind the visits and somehow dissuade Asmodeus from toying with her. That might not be a problem, unless Azazil interfered.

The Shaitan who led him to his father knocked on the grand double doors of Azazil's guest parlor. The doors swung open abruptly and the Shaitan slid away from view. Red gazed into the large, elaborately decorated room to find his father, Azazil, seated quite casually on a black leather chaise.

Asmodeus stood near him by the empty fireplace.

"Son," Azazil smirked at him. "What brings you to see me on this fine summer day?"

While autumn was coming to an end in the human realm, summer burst to life on Mount Qaf. Not that it made much difference to Red and his kin as they felt little of the changing temperatures.

"Too many weeks have passed, Father. I thought I'd pay you a visit to see how you fare." He strode into the room and gave Asmodeus a curt nod before settling into the chaise opposite Azazil.

His father raised an eyebrow.

"Finally stopped mourning your little Ifrit? Sala, was it?"

Ignoring the Sultan's condescension, Red glanced up at an impassive Asmodeus. "Any news of my brothers?"

Asmodeus sneered. "The White King's determination to find the whereabouts of Lilif's body proves inexhaustible.

Fruitless but inexhaustible. Your brothers Shadow and Gleaming have openly joined the cause."

"Not surprising. They've made their allegiance known for centuries," Red murmured, turning his gaze on Azazil. "I take it they've not come close to discovering her whereabouts?"

He grimaced at the thought. "Of course not. He's aided by fools." Azazil sighed. "I must admit to being rather bored lately. I'm thinking of planting a clue just to make things a little bit more exciting."

"Father, you are joking, aren't you?" Red was aghast at the thought. He could never tell when his mercurial father was being serious.

He laughed at his son's expression.

"Of course I am. I'm bored, not a fool. I'll find something else to entertain me."

A moment of silence passed before Red finally said, "Speaking of," he looked up at Asmodeus, "any reason you've been dreamwalking Ari Johnson?"

Red did not like the way the

lieutenant's eyes glittered at the mention of Ari's name. He did not like that at all. "I'm merely getting to know her."

"Why?"

"Because I want to." His mouth twitched, his expression antagonistic. "I find her quite lovely. Beautiful face, stunning body. I'm thinking she'd be a nice addition to my harem."

For not the first time, Red felt a fatherly protectiveness rush over him-his blood heated at the thought of Asmodeus anywhere near Sala's daughter. "She's not for you, Asmodeus. She belongs to someone else. Leave her alone."

"Hush now, son." Azazil chuckled.

"Leave Asmodeus to his fun. The girl means nothing to us now. Let him do as he wishes."

Jaw clenched, Red faced his father and tensed at the look in his eyes. Although Azazil's tone was playful, his eyes were not. His was a command to leave Asmodeus alone to his games with Ari. Inwardly cursing the two of them, Red could do nothing but nod his acquiescence.

***

As Ari snuggled in Jai's arms, she feared she wouldn't be able to fall asleep. It was the night before her battle with the Ghulah and Pazuzu, and although Jai had done much to take her mind off it, when he drifted to sleep with his arms wrapped around her, Ari was still awake.

For hours she lay there, staring into the dark, her stomach churning with nervous anticipation. And then, as though her lids could take any more weight, they drifted closed and Ari ventured into unconsciousness ...

"Finally. Took you long enough."

Ari burled around at the familiar deep voice, her whole body tensing.

Asmodeus.

She was back at his cove, dressed in the white dress he seemed to like so much. "Again?"

Instead of smirking at her snarkiness as he would've done in the past, his eyes narrowed and he approached her slowly, in a way that made her take a step back. There was something more menacing than usual about him.

"The Red King paid me and Azazil a visit today."

Ari nodded. Red had promised her he'd find out what the hell Asmodeus wanted with her. She'd hoped that would mean the lieutenant wouldn't be paying her any more visits. Clearly that hadn't been the outcome of Red's social call on Mount Qaf. "Yes. I told him I was concerned about your visits."

He shrugged, coming to a stop inches from her so that Ari had to crane her neck back to meet his gaze.

"I'm merely trying to get to know you."

She swallowed. "And if I don't want to get to know you?"

He raised a hand and Ari flinched. His expression hardened at her reaction, but it didn't stop him from brushing his knuckles across her cheek. Ari shivered. "Do you, like Red, think my intentions nefarious?"

"I don't know. I don't know what you want from me."

"Yes, you do." He bowed his head, bringing his mouth to Ari's ear. The hand at her cheek unfurled against her skin and she trembled as it slid down and around to grip her tightly by the nape. "I want you." His lips grazed her jawline and Ari tried to pull back, but he wouldn't let her. Suddenly, he was there, his nose brushing hers, his eyes searing into hers. They narrowed again as he squeezed her nape.

"But someone has already had you." He gripped her close and bent her head away from his. Ari raised her arms, pushing at his chest in an effort to get him to release her.

"Stop," she snapped,

feeling like a kitten caught in its master's grip.

"You slept with the Ginnaye." The disappointment was evident in his eyes, in his taut features. And just like that, he let her go. Ari stumbled and tried to steady her balance in the sand.

"That's none of your business," she huffed, her anger fueling her power and her intentions. For the first time she felt her energy tingle within Asmodeus's dreamscape. The White fabric wrapped indecently around her body disappeared and Ari replaced it with jeans and a T-shirt.

She threw her head back in triumph, her ever-changing eyes defiant against the lieutenant.

Expecting anger, Ari was taken aback to find him staring at her with a soft smile. It was so unlike him, and for a moment he reminded her of the man she knew he'd once been.

"You're growing powerful, Ari," he murmured, his thumb brushing his lip in thought. "Perhaps all is not lost yet."

Confused as all hell, Ari shook her head. "What are you talking about?"

He shrugged lazily. "I will not lie ... I coveted the thought of seducing you first. I find now, however, that it does not matter. You were meant for more than the mortal realm, Ari. You were meant for more than a Ginnaye. I've always found patience to work in my favor. Your boredom will send you to me in time."

Shocked that Asmodeus had openly declared his real intentions for her, and even more frightened by the intimacy of those intentions, Ari shook her head, trembling the whole time.

"I love Jai. I won't ever leave him."

The lieutenant smiled viciously. "We'll see."

Ari shot up in bed, chest heaving, head spinning with disorientation.

"Ari," Jai murmured. She felt the mattress shift as he drew up beside her, his gentle fingers brushing her hair back from her face. He turned her chin and she looked into his sleepy eyes.

"Baby, what's wrong?"

Remembering her promise to not keep secrets from him, Ari's stomach flipped with guilt as she pressed her forehead against his. "Bad dreams about tomorrow. That's all."

He wrapped his strong arms around her and pulled her down so her head rested on his chest. "It'll be okay. I promise we can do this."

She nodded, swallowing hard, praying that Asmodeus would grow tired of his infatuation. Of course he will. I'm just a girl. He's a centuries-old Jinn. And I'm not that interesting!

Feeling how tense she was, Jai sighed. "Try to sleep. You'll need all your energy tomorrow."

Ari wished she could sleep, she really did. But she was scared of her dreams now more than ever, scared of where they'd take her. And worse, who they'd take her from.

***

They were tense, silence wrapped around them like an old friend. Jai's gaze drifted from his best friend who was staring into his coffee mug, jaw clenched tight, to Ari who gazed out into the gardens with worry crinkling the corner of her eyes. He didn't want her to do this. He knew that when she followed Charlie and the fiends into Rancocas, she would have to go in seemingly alone, with Jai and Trey hiding in the Cloak. He'd still be there but ... he wanted Charlie to know he was there. He wanted Pazuzu and that bitch Ghulah to know that Ari had backup. Truthfully, he didn't want Ari there. He'd rather handle it alone than put her in danger.

Since discovering what David had almost done to her, Jai had been feeling particularly overprotective toward Ari. The thought of anything happening to her on his watch knocked the wind right out of him.

The thought of never waking up again to find her in his arms ... well, it killed him.

Needing to touch her, Jai placed his hand over hers. When she offered only a lukewarm smile, he squeezed her hand reassuringly. "It's time."

Ari heaved a sigh and stood. "Okay.

You guys will be right behind me and you know what to do?"

"We're all set," Trey assured her.

Jai nodded his agreement. Trey had confided in Glass what they were planning to do with Pazuzu; Glass in turn explained how they needed to focus their power to join their energies to create a force great enough against Pazuzu. Once they had him in their control, there was a binding incantation required to compel Pazuzu into the Secretum. Jai had done it before but it was a difficult task on an ordinary malevolent Jinn, never mind one as old as Pazuzu. He had no illusions that this was going to be easy.

Ari reached up and placed a soft, sweet kiss on his lips. When she stepped back, she smiled lovingly at him, the worry evident in her gaze. "I'll see you back here with Charlie in a little bit." At Glass's suggestion that Ari, with her royal blood, may have the ability to take another person through the Peripatos, Jai had volunteered to test it out.

And sure enough, his epically brilliant girlfriend could do it. Thus, she was in charge of the idiot who was Charlie Creagh.

"Be careful when we're out there," she continued, her gaze straying to Trey. "Both of you."

"Yes, ma'am." Trey grinned cockily and winked at Jai. "Tell your old lady to stop worrying and get on with it."

Shaking his head ruefully at his friend, Jai sighed. "You heard him."

Without another word, Ari let the flames of the Peripatos erupt around her and then she was gone. Jai felt his heart begin to race as he turned to Trey and gave him a sharp nod. "Let's do this."

In seconds he was in Rancocas Park, hidden in the Cloak, following Ari as she hurried through the thick of the trees. Trey, you there?

Right beside you, following Ari.

Good. Jai focused on his girl now. We're right behind you, Ari.

Okay, she answered, her voice shaking in his head. Charlie's just up ahead.

They hadn't even been walking two minutes when a blast of magic shot past Ari, barely missing her head. It exploded against a nearby black oak tree. The air rippled around her as she prepared her energy to defend herself. Needing to be at her side, Jai rushed toward her only to discover they had ventured into a small clearing. Charlie stood off to the side as Pazuzu and the Ghulah walked slowly toward Ari.

Jai tensed, remembering his last encounter with the ancient being.

Pazuzu's face was part human, part lion. The flesh of his mouth curled in an upside-down heart shape, huge fangs peeking from between his lips. He had human-shaped eyes and nose, except completely flat where the bridge should be. His skin was almost black, his amber eyes glowing eerily against the rich dark chocolate of his flesh. His fingers were like long twigs. The creepiest aspect of his physical appearance was the way his left hand twisted downward and his right up.

The Ghulah, on the other hand, passed for an attractive human woman, until she opened her mouth and her jaw elongated to reveal huge, sharp teeth.

Ari, you bind Charlie and get him out of here. We'll take care of these guys. Trey, you ready?

As I'll ever be.

To give Ari distraction time, Jai removed the Cloak and with a blast of ember sent the Ghulah flying through the air to smash against the trees. Pazuzu's attention was momentarily diverted and Trey stepped out of the Cloak behind the ancient Jinn just long enough to incapacitate him with a black-out enchantment. It would last only a minute on a being as old and powerful as Pazuzu.

Jai shot a look at Ari. She had Charlie on the ground. He groaned in pain as Ari wrestled the emerald from him.

"Jai, now!" Trey snapped his attention back and focused on joining his energy with his friend's. He forced his power out and it spread through the air quickly, seeking Trey's. He felt the moment the two energies merged, the familiarity of Trey's essence flowing through him until his muscles felt stronger, his feet lighter, his whole being like the slightest but impenetrable metal.

"Aahh!" his friend yelled as the Ghulah launched herself at Trey. Consequently, his power started to seep from Jai's body. They struggled on the ground, fighting with fists and magic. Jai moved to help him only to draw to a halt when a hard squeeze circled around his throat.

His anxious eyes sought the ground where Pazuzu had lain unconscious. Sure enough, the ancient wind demon had awoken, his right hand held out toward Jai as an invisible grip worked toward asphyxiation.

"I remember you, boy," he sneered.

Pulling on his defensive magic, Jai cut through the charm choking him and blasted Pazuzu with his own explosive heat. Pazuzu merely stumbled and then launched himself at Jai like a hopping spider. Lacerations opened up all over Jai's body moments before Pazuzu took him to the ground. Fighting through the pain, Jai forced ember-glowing hands up toward the wicked Jinn's chest and burned through the bastard's T-shirt, the sizzling, sickening scent of burnt fabric and flesh filling the air. Pazuzu cried out at the same time a scream rung through the clearing.

Pazuzu cursed and collapsed on the ground next to Jai. Bleeding all over and not healing quickly enough, Jai took a minute to gather himself as Trey held Pazuzu down. "Jai, come on! We need to merge our magic."

A glance around the woods told him Ari had Charlie frozen and bound and was watching the events with Pazuzu unfold, helplessness stretched across her face. Her magic was channeled into binding Charlie. She couldn't help them. Jai curled a lip at the sight of the wounded Ghulah Trey had stabbed in the side. As she struggled to her feet, Jai shot an anxious look at Ari.

"Ari, go!" he called out roughly.

She shook her head, her body at war with the plan. She trembled with the obvious need to step in.

Trey cursed on a pained cry, drawing Jai's attention back to him. Blood dripped down Trey's cheek from a laceration. Cutting someone's flesh into little shreds seemed to be Pazuzu's favorite form of warfare. A flash of ember shot out of Trey's hands and jolted into Pazuzu with such force, the wind demon shuddered, his eyes rolling into the back of his head as he slumped on the ground. Trey twisted his head around in Ari and the Ghulah's direction before jerking back to Jai. "Get that bitch.

I've got this."

Not needing to be told twice, Jai got to his unsteady feet and forced strength into them as he strode toward the Ghulah. She arrogantly taunted Ari before attacking her, but whipped around just in time for Jai to knock her back with the powerful thrust of a magically powered uppercut. Blood dribbled from between her lips as she lowered her chin, her eyes narrowed dangerously on Jai now.

Months ago he'd faced this Ghulah and almost watched her suffocate the life out of Ari. That wouldn't happen again. Most of the time, hand-to-hand combat wasn't long and drawn out, as portrayed in movies. The shorter a fight, the fiercer and deadlier the attack, the better the chance of survival. Opponents well matched could dance around each other for a while, but when one uses talismans to illegally juice up their power, it means causing deadly damage as quickly as possible.

Last time Jai had danced with this bitch. He'd given her an in. By the glitter of excitement in her eyes, she was expecting the same.

Ari cried out at something, but Jai couldn't be distracted. This had to end; otherwise, the Ghulah would just keep coming for her. Hand behind his back, Jai conjured the Kilij sword he'd admired in Michael's weapon cabinet. With a war cry, Jai swung it out from behind him, the curved blade slicing through the Ghulah's neck.

With a bitter cold triumph, Jai watched her head topple to the muddied ground and roll toward a tree. Her body swayed and then dropped with a thump.

"Jai!"

He jerked his head around to Ari's distressed cry and saw her pointing behind him. Blood rushing in his ears, Jai turned to find Trey on the ground, Pazuzu straddling him, his long, gnarled fingernail scoring deep across Trey's throat.

"NO!" Jai roared and lunged toward them, only to be thrown back by an explosion of flames. The Glass King stepped out of the Peripatos seconds before Red did, his furious blue gaze transfixed on the fatally wounded Trey. Pazuzu looked up at Glass and whatever he saw in the king's gaze, it wiped the smug victory from his expression.

Glass's bellow of outrage ripped through the trees causing them all to flinch, and he sent a discharge of explosive magic toward the wind demon.

But Pazuzu was too quick and he disintegrated into a funnel of sand that disappeared into the sky. The tree behind Pazuzu took the impact of Glass's attack and cracked around the base. As it began its descent, Glass sped in a blur of color toward Trey, picked him up, and disappeared into the Peripatos.

The air thickened as Red lifted his hands toward the falling tree as if in surrender. Giving into his supplicating magic, the tree seemed to decide against flattening them and eerily creaked its way back into place upon its roots, the bark around its base magically healing until it stood strong as ever.

Dogs barking and the sounds of voices drew their gazes north.

"Park patrol," Red swore and turned to Jai and Ari. "Ari, get Charlie back home. Jai, follow. I'll clean up ..." He waved a hand at the Ghulah.

Crushing grief clogged Jai's throat as he dropped the Kilij from his shaking hand. "Trey," he whispered, feeling his eyes tear up. "What-"

"Glass won't let him die," Red

assured him hurriedly. "Now go."

8

Destiny: the Result of Choices

"Charlie, talk to me," Ari whispered.

He gazed back at her with fire in his eyes. "Fuck you."

Ari flinched and sighed.

She guessed this was a waiting game.

***

"Charlie, you need to eat something, drink something ..." Ari held the cup to his mouth but he wouldn't budge. "Charlie, don't be stupid."

Their eyes met and the ice in his expression froze her blood.

***

"This isn't working," Jai informed her in a hushed voice.

Ari shook her head. "It's only been four days. Give him time."

"We don't have a lot of time left.

Michael is worried about you. He's starting to ask questions about your whereabouts."

"Keep stalling him."

***

"Talk to me, please." Ari sat on the floor in front of her friend, gazing up at him imploringly. The anger had melted from his features now, but no other emotion had replaced it. "Say anything ..."

"...Charlie. Charlie? Say anything."

***

"I'm trying to help. Don't you get that?" Ari bit back tears and let her head fall against her chair. She was exhausted. So weary. "Charlie, come back. Please. I'm so tired. Aren't you tired?"

***

Ari brushed Charlie's growing hair away from his face as she held the water to his lips. When he was done, she fed him pieces of a sandwich, relief and hope building in her as he took the bites carefully so he didn't nip her. Heavy, dark circles had grown under his eyes, and he was paler than usual. Ari didn't want to think they were doing him more damage than good.

It had been fourteen days and he still hadn't said anything, despite the fact that he'd started eating and drinking four days in.

When he stopped eating, Ari stepped back. "You done?" She placed the plate nearby and faced him again. "Will you talk to me? Please."

Instead he closed his eyes.

***

"I love you, Charlie. You're my best friend."

Nothing.

"Please. If you don't start talking, Nice Ari is going to take a hike and Pissed-Off Ari is going to start kicking some ass."

Nada.

"I know you're in there ..."

***

Three weeks had passed since the fight in Rancocas State Park, and the situation with Charlie was moving at a snail's pace.

Fighting Charlie had been easier than Ari had anticipated. When it came down to it, he was as new as she was at using Jinn magic, except he wasn't a natural. It wasn't in his blood. He wasn't the child of a Jinn king. Her enchantment broke through his easily enough and she'd incapacitated him long enough to steal the emerald from him. The hard part had come afterwards. She'd struggled to keep him bound to her. She was supposed to take him back through the Peripatos and keep him safe and hidden in the basement of their house. But seeing Jai and Trey fight for their lives with the Ghulah and Pazuzu ... Ari had been frozen in place, unable to leave until she knew they were safe. Unfortunately, binding Charlie meant she couldn't fight.

Ari would never forget the feeling of utter helplessness when she saw Pazuzu take Trey down. She had been about to break her binding with Charlie to save Trey but she was too late. She'd hesitated against losing Charlie and instead she'd almost lost Trey.

Part of her truly resented Charlie for that. She resented the loyalty she felt to him. At this point, didn't Trey deserve her loyalty more?

Stop it, she chastised herself. She couldn't think like that. She was breaking Guild Law to save Charlie from himself. They hadn't gone through all this for her to give up on him now.

As for Trey, he was fine. Well, not fine. He almost died. However, Glass saved him. Neither Glass nor Trey would go into the details but Ari and Jai assumed Glass had taken Trey to Red's healer, Kit. Kit had saved Ari multiple times and Jai once. The Jinn was truly a miracle worker.

In the end, the real miracle was Glass's feelings for Trey. He'd never intended to let them face Pazuzu without backup. He'd waited in the wings in case Trey needed his help.

Ari was astonished to realize that the Glass King actually loved Trey. The event solidified and intensified whatever they had together. They were so close, Ari could actually sense Glass in Trey's aura, even when Glass wasn't with him.

Ari would be forever grateful to Glass and Red for once again coming to their aid.

She winced, remembering the blood spilling from Trey's throat and the tears in Jai's eyes when they returned back to the house with Charlie in tow. "What if I lose him?" Jai whispered as they tied Charlie in the basement. "He's my brother. I can't lose him."

"Maybe you'll finally understand how I feel," Charlie had replied dully from his position on the chair, enchanted ropes wrapped around his legs and torso.

Jai had winced and stumbled away.

Ari had knelt until her face was in Charlie's, resentment toward him pushing to the fore. She told him quietly, "It does not excuse what you've done."

"Then why are you trying to save me? That's what this is, right? You think you can, what ... dry me out?"

She'd shaken her head at him. "What you've done since Mikey's death is your fault. You made a choice." Tears brimmed in her eyes, exhaustion, guilt, and worry for Trey eating at her. "But what happened to Mikey was my fault. So I'm going to try one last time to save my friend."

Voices in the kitchen brought Ari back to the present. She'd been trying unsuccessfully for three weeks to get Charlie to speak. The magic was waning from his system now and he had grown weaker, subdued. Today was the first time she saw a spark of the old Charlie in his eyes.

Was the plan actually working?

Jai had attempted to get her to leave for more than a few hours, anxious about her and concerned that Michael was asking too many questions about her absence. If Michael grew suspicious, he might find out about Charlie. If that happened, Charlie was dead.

"Do you remember when we were nine and we buried a time capsule in Vicker's Woods?" Charlie suddenly asked, his voice rough from lack of sleep.

Ari sat up, her pulse throbbing in her throat. He sounded like Charlie again. "Yes." She smiled softly. "You kissed me. Just a peck on the lips but it was my first kiss."

Charlie's mouth twitched. "You tasted like strawberries. I bought you some cheap strawberry lip balm for your birthday that year and you wore it every day until the tin ran out."

Tears pricked Ari's eyes and she nodded, hope filling her chest. "I remember."

"I remember everything." He hung his head, his chest heaving with emotion. "Ari, I don't know how to go back. I don't know how to be okay anymore. The things I've said, and done." When he looked up, the tears spilled down his cheeks. "The emerald ... it changed me, it did. But before that, I couldn't see past anything but myself and my own pain ...and it killed her." He cried harder. "It killed Fallon."

Ari tried to stem her own tears but no matter what Charlie had done, she still felt his pain. She crossed the room to him and as she wrapped her arms around him, she cut through the enchantment holding him in place. The ropes fell and Charlie gripped her tight, sobbing into her shoulder as he clutched onto her.

She was so lost in him, so deafened by the rushing waves of blood in her ears from her escalating heartbeat, Ari did not hear the footsteps pounding down the basement stairs.

She didn't hear a thing until ...

"Ari, step away from him."

Charlie pulled slowly back from her, wiping his cheeks. Ari turned her blurry vision to the intruder. Fear immediately sank into her stomach and she shook her head, putting herself in front of Charlie.

"No," she felt her magic tingle in her fingers. "Michael, please, no."

Standing before her was Michael Roe, his brother Gerard, and one of their older and powerful Guild members, Jacob Ballendine. Jai and Trey stared at Charlie in astonishment, and Ari watched their expressions grow pained as they realized they'd walked in on something important.

"Ari, don't do anything stupid," Michael warned her calmly. "Just step away from Mr. Creagh."

She shook her head, fresh tears spilling down her cheeks. "Michael, I can't. He's himself again. I can't let you take him to die."

"Ari," Michael's eyes held stoic sympathy but his tone was implacable. "He broke the law. I am bound to honor my position in this Guild and I have to turn him over to the Law Makers."

"They'll kill him," she choked out.

"You can't let them."

"Ari." Cold fingers caught hers. Charlie gazed up at her pleadingly. "Don't. Let them. It's too late. Don't let anyone else get hurt because of me. She wouldn't want that."

"No." Panic overwhelmed her and she turned to Jai, her eyes meeting his across the room. "No, Jai, please."

Jai's features tightened and Ari felt the crackle of his magic fill the room, as did Michael and the others who tensed and turned to him, realizing he was willing to fight to save Charlie for Ari.

"No, Jai, don't." Charlie rose unsteadily, holding his hands out in placation. Ari watched as Jai's eyes met Charlie's. "Please. This is how it ends. Please."

Ari waited on tenterhooks for Jai's decision. The air suddenly returned to normal as Jai gave into Charlie's wishes and the Roe Guild Hunter's relaxed. Ari let out a broken sob. "No."

She was immediately wrenched into Charlie's tight grip. "None of this is your fault. You remember that. And remember," he gave her one last squeeze as he whispered in her ear, "I love you too."

He walked into Michael Roe's hold.

As they escorted him out of the basement, past a somber Jai and Trey, it hit Ari that they were taking her oldest friend to his death.

Her knees gave out.

Familiar, strong arms found her and rocked her against his body. "Ssshh."

"It worked," she choked against Jai's shoulder. "It worked. He was himself again. This can't be happening, this can't be happening ..."

***

As the sun set on Mount Qaf, the White King stood on one of his many balconies and gazed out over the mountains. Today he'd sat judgment over three disputes among his people, the first a territorial dispute between two of his Hakims-wealthy Lords whose homes were settled in close proximity to one another a few miles from White's palace. The latest emerald mine had been opened nearby and a fee needed to be paid to the owner of the land. Both Hakims had sworn the land was theirs. White listened to the evidence but in the end, he relied on his own memory to play judge. He granted the fee to the Hakim whose family had settled on the land first.

The following two quarrels had been marriage disputes. Sometimes they could be quite entertaining, but White was too lost in his own maudlin thoughts to pay much attention to either.

Inspiration seemed to have failed him in how to proceed with reawakening Lilif, and it was slowly eating at him.

A knock on his parlor door met his ears and he called to the Shaitan to come in.

"You have a guest, master."

White turned as the Shaitan bowed and removed himself from the room, leaving Rabir, White's most trusted servant, behind. His muscles tensed at the expression on Rabir's face.

Something had happened.

The Jinn strode toward White with purpose. "Your Highness," he bowed his head reverently.

"What brings you here?"

Rabir smiled as he raised his chin.

"Something I thought may be of interest to you."

White raised an eyebrow. "Yes?"

"I've been watching the girl's home as you requested. I just witnessed the Roe Hunters remove Charlie Creagh from it."

"The boy is coming here to die then?"

Rabir nodded with a smug smile.

"And rumor has it, Azazil owes the girl a favor."

He let Rabir's news settle on him and percolate.

A rush of feeling exploded through his veins. He felt himself again for the first time in weeks. Thank all the emeralds on Mount Qaf for his Rabir. The man was smarter than all of his royal brothers put together. What Rabir had just brought him was the game changer. It could deliver him everything he'd wanted.

He gave Rabir a respectful bow of his head. "I think perhaps it's time we procured you a royal title, my friend."

***

It wasn't fair that someone should suffer so much grief in less than a year, but that was life. And that was definitely Jinn life.

In the end, Ari cried herself to near unconsciousness, barely aware of Jai carrying her up to her room where he tucked her into bed so she could sleep and block out the pain for a while.

Instead of the mind-numbing relief of deep black, Ari dreamed.

Somewhere Ari could feel the dreams like an unnatural pressure in her head, but that feeling was overwhelmed by the images in her mind. She floated from dreamscape to dreamscape-from Sandford and Vicker's Woods with Charlie, to Cincinnati Zoo with Derek, to Arizona with Fallon. And then Pazuzu was there, splicing her, lashing her, shouting his threats of forever in her face until she fell to the ground, only to have to watch as Pazuzu slashed Jai to ribbons, cut Trey's throat, and wiped a hand across the sky to reveal the faces of Michael and Caroline and the rest of the Roe Guild Hunters. Her heart literally stopped when Rachel and Staci appeared in the group.

Pazuzu was taunting her. Letting her know that all the people she cared about were going to die for what she'd done to him.

Their faces and voices lambasted her with color and sound and pain.

And just when she thought she couldn't take it anymore, they swirled and blurred into a funnel, a vacuum, disappearing into a black that quickly transformed to a scene so vivid, it was like it was happening all over again.

Azazil's palace. Azazil himself.

Ari glanced up at him before her.

And Asmodeus. He stared at her with a strange intensity.

She was going to die. They were going to take the Seal from her ...

She fought to control her breathing and relax the way Jai had taught her. Sacrificing herself meant Lilif would be kept imprisoned. Surely that was worth the sacrifice?

But if she offered to sacrifice herself and there was a chance that she actually made it out on the other side, she was getting something of worth out of it.

"Come any closer and I'll command Azazil to kill you before you make a move," Ari told Asmodeus softly.

The room darkened as Azazil's energy thickened with what Ari assumed was his anger. "What do you want?" he asked shrewdly.

Ari drew in a shuddering breath. "If I die, you save Jai and let him return unharmed to his Tribe."

"Done." He nodded, his expression one of utter boredom.

Ari narrowed her eyes. "And-"

"And?" Azazil sat forward, his eyebrow raised in haughty enquiry.

"If I do this willingly ... and I live ...then I get to call in a favor."

"I thought that was your favor."

"No, that was a gesture of good will."

He smirked. "If your favor then is for the sorcerer ... I cannot save him if he kills the Labartu. I am sorry. That is out of my hands."

Dammit. Ari forced down her helpless tears. They were of no use to her here. "Fine. But I still want a favor if I survive. And I want your oath that you'll give me whatever it is I ask of you."

She flicked a gaze at Asmodeus to see his eyes gleaming at her again, as if he almost ... respected her in that moment.

And as she turned to find Azazil's answer, she saw he was smiling, as if enjoying himself immensely. "You have my oath that if you survive, I will grant you a favor, if it is within my power to do so."

"Done."

Asmodeus was a blur, his glowing fist crashing down into her chest before Ari had even blinked. Shocked agony tore through Ari as his dark eyes bored into her pleading ones. I am sorry, his voice whispered inside her head. Or had she just imagined it?

It was with relief that his fist withdrew from her, light pulsing between the cracks in his fingers. They uncurled slowly, and the throbbing ball of ember in his palm was the last thing Ari saw before the sweet relief of dying pain swept her away on its tides ...

Ari clawed her way through the dark and forced her eyes open.

Her hand automatically searched her chest for the pain.

Just a memory. She closed her eyes in relief until she remembered Michael had arrested Charlie.

Charlie was going to die.

And Pazuzu was still out there, plotting and planning to destroy her and the people she loved. He might not be the only one. Some Jinn still assumed she was the Seal ...

No, Ari, her subconscious whispered.

No? She opened her eyes again, her hand still on her chest.

The favor.

Of course. She bolted upright. Azazil owed her a favor. Suddenly, the images from her dreams filtered back to her until the last one danced in front of her eyes, taunting her. It was the one of her dad, Derek, standing outside their home in Sandford Ridge, teaching her how to throw a punch properly.

An idea started forming, an idea that caused her heart to race and her blood to rush. Ari threw back her covers and got out of bed, steadying herself on shaking legs. It was risky. It was possibly impossible ... but it might change everything. And Azazil did owe her a favor.

This would be one helluva favor.

But Ari needed to do it.

As Shakespeare once said, "It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves."

9

Unravel Me

Ari dressed quickly and quietly. Now that her decision was made, she needed to move fast. Who knew how little time Charlie had left?

Tiptoeing out of her room, Ari froze in the hallway, ears pricked as she listened to the house. It was dark out here and down the stairs, suggesting everyone had gone to bed. Closing her eyes, Ari let her magic push to the fore and she felt outward with her energy, seeking others. It wasn't long before she encountered the familiar taste of Jai's extraordinary aura, meaning he was sleeping in his own room tonight to give her some space. A pang of emotion, of heartfelt gratitude and love, echoed in her chest. Ari pulled back her energy from his in case he suddenly sensed her.

Sending her feelers out again, Ari discovered a presence she'd been hoping was hanging out at the house. On silent feet, Ari headed down the hallway to Trey's room and held her breath, listening for any sound.

Nothing.

Trey? Are you in there?

A beat later ... Ari?

His bedroom door swung slowly open to reveal him standing in boxer shorts, his hair a mess, his eyes blinking back sleep. "You-"

Don't speak!

She held up a hand and glanced down the hall to Jai's room. When she turned to Trey he was frowning, and he'd crossed his arms over his lean, athletic torso in a "I'm not to be messed with right now" kind of way. Can I speak to my uncle?

Trey's frown deepened. What's going on? What don't you want Jai to hear?

Trey, Glass. I want to speak to Glass.

Before Trey could answer, a large hand appeared above Trey's on the door and pushed it open. Glass towered above a very tall Trey, his long cerulean hair loose down his bare back. For a moment Ari was distracted by the sight of the two impossibly gorgeous men standing together, and she had to shake her head. Priorities, Ari! Priorities!

Ari, what is it?

Glass telepathed, his tone as grave as his expression.

Ari braced herself. I need you to take me to Azazil.

Glass gave her a sharp, curious look but unlike Red, he didn't question her. All right. Now?

Please.

Very well. He looked back at Trey and touched his cheek tenderly. Whatever passed between them caused Trey to glower and he turned to Ari.

What the hell is going on?

She grabbed his hand and squeezed it tight. Trust me, okay. And please ... don't wake up Jai. This will all be over soon and I'll be back.

Trey looked unsure. He'll kill me if anything happens to you and I didn't do anything to stop this.

Nothing will happen to me. Glass will take care of me.

Trey shot a look at Glass, clearly wanting to believe her. She could tell by the way the lovers gazed into one another's eyes that they were having a telepathic conversation. It ended with Glass giving Trey a small, dignified nod of his head, suggesting to Ari he had promised him something. At that, Trey pressed a kiss to the corner of Glass's mouth and then turned to draw Ari into his strong embrace. Be careful.

***

"When my son communicated to me that he was on his way with my granddaughter, formerly known as the Seal, I admit to finding myself somewhat surprised." Azazil smirked at her, the streak of blood on his cheek distracting.

Upon arrival at Azazil's palace,

Ari and Glass were quickly ushered into a part of the structure Ari had never seen. Clearly, it served as Azazil's torture chamber. It was also clear that he'd deliberately remained in it for her visit to shock her. And when he told Glass to leave her with him, to leave the palace entirely, it was clear he also wanted to frighten Ari. Glass, of course, had obeyed his father, and now Ari was alone. Well, unfortunately, no matter how shocked or frightened she was, Ari did not have time for it. Her friend's life lay in the balance. And Azazil was all about balance, right?

Focusing on Azazil's ponytail of long, white silk hair, she replied, "I needed to see you."

"Let me guess-you miss being the Seal?"

"No."

He shrugged and lay down the small, jewel-handled dagger in his hands. "You're tired of these visits from Asmodeus and would like me to have a word with him?"

Feeling impatient, Ari shook her head. "No. I mean, yes, I'm tired of his visits and I would really appreciate him staying away from me, but that's not why I'm here. I'm here ... I'm here about the favor you owe me."

That got his attention. "Oh. That pesky thing." He turned to face her full on. "Well? What is it you want, child? Out with it."

Ari drew in a shuddering breath.

"You can turn back time, right? You can change a person's path in life."

Every muscle in the Sultan's body tensed, his eyes alert as he took one intimidating step toward her. "Why are you here?"

Needing to make a statement, Ari took a step toward him rather than cower back from him, and she saw the surprise flicker in his dark gaze. "I want you to change my past. Change it so that Sala never left me at Derek Johnson's in Sandford Ridge when I was a baby."

Azazil cocked his head to the side in thought. "What path would you prefer?"

"Don't rewrite me a new one. I want to continue on in my life as it is, with all the people in it. However, I want the threads with Pazuzu, the Ghulah, and the Labartu to change. Like they never knew about me, never met me or the people I care about. I want Derek's, Charlie's, and Fallon's lives to be different, and this is the only way I know how."

"Do you know what you ask of me? It is much, Ari. It is very much. You are asking me to create a new reality for these people without affecting your own. You want me to create a new reality without causing too massive a domino effect." His eyes narrowed. "You do realize that if I did this, only mortals would be affected by it. Derek, Mikey, Charlie, and Fallon. And Fallon, being a half-blood, will remember this reality as well as the new one I create. That's asking a great deal of her. It's asking a great deal of me. It will exhaust me, Ari. It will drain me. I'll have to make sure that every new path, road, and thread that this change creates does not have an effect on the bigger picture. There's always a chance I don't foresee everything, and something monumental might occur. Something irreversible. Is that the kind of responsibility you're ready for?"

She nodded, her heart pounding so hard she thought a rib might break.

He shook his head at her. "Why am I not surprised that the favor you ask be so colossal? You are White's daughter. Of course it is colossal. There is a great deal of danger in what you ask."

"It's the favor I'm asking. You said you'd grant me a favor that was within your power to grant me. You just said you could do it. So ... will you?"

As Ari waited for his answer, she once again tried to ignore the blood splatter at the edge of her vision and the groans from the dying man strung up at the edge of the small room. Packed dirt was hard beneath her feet, the bare rock walls devoid of emeralds and glistening with dank moisture. Low light from candles scattered throughout gave it a gothic, sinister atmosphere. Damp earth, sweat, and the coppery scent of blood tingled Ari's nose.

Her own blood rushed in her ears as she stared up at Azazil, awaiting his answer.

His black eyes narrowed on her, his thoughts impossible to discern. With a huge sigh, he looked away, his contemplation falling upon the man he had been torturing before Ari arrived.

The Sultan wore no jewelry and his usual ostentatious style was muted-he wore only dark leather trousers and leather bands around his wrists. His muscled, naked torso was covered in blood and little bits of torn flesh. Ari dropped her gaze, feeling her stomach turn.

"I've laid out the consequences,

Ari." Azazil looked back at her now and that fist of anxiety twisted in her chest. "Are you sure you understand what I'm saying?"

She nodded. "I understand. Are you saying you'll grant me the favor you owe me?"

His lip curled at the corner, his eyes glittering. "I should either kill you or applaud you for using the oath of a favor against me. This is no ordinary favor. It will affect us all ... and I am unusually blind to the consequences. I see vague images that I cannot make sense of." His features hardened. "All I can feel is that if I grant you this favor, something of great immensity will come to pass. Something that will affect my realm and the mortal one, not just me and you."

His prophecy made her stop. It was one thing to suggest the possible consequences and another to prophesize an actual gigantic change. "In what way?"

"I told you I cannot know for sure."

"So it could be good or bad?"

"Is anything ever just good or bad?"

The man at her side groaned again, and Ari winced. "I don't suppose you'd let this guy go too as part of the favor?"

Azazil scowled. "I grant you this favor and I might not be able to do much of anything for a while."

That in itself was reason enough to do it. Ari nodded. "Do it."

The Sultan crossed his arms over his chest. "I don't know whether to risk the consequences of breaking my oath to you or go along with this insanity."

"I thought you liked insanity. It's entertaining, right?"

That produced a slow, wicked grin from her grandfather. "This is true." He dropped his arms and strode toward her, the majesty of his power threatening to blow her off her feet. "You win, Ari. I'll grant you your favor." He smirked. "Let the realms have mercy on us all."

Suddenly, nausea took hold of Ari as her vision went in and out, the room shaking in a jarred blur back and forth. But as her vision refocused and the nausea retreated, Ari realized it wasn't her eyesight. With a shiver she glanced around her new surroundings.

Azazil had shifted them both to a huge bedchamber she assumed was the Sultan's.

"Privacy," he murmured, and that was the last thing he said before he braced himself against the elaborately carved fourth post of the mammoth bed.

Uncertain what was happening, Ari opened her mouth to speak but stopped when Azazil closed his eyes.

She blinked, trying to make sense of what she was seeing.

His body flickered in and out as his fingernails dug into the wooden post. "Arggh!" he groaned between clenched teeth.

Shadows pooled into the room, filled with the hiss of electricity. Ari's breathing grew shallow and she took a tentative step toward the Sultan only to feel an immense, painful pressure push in on her temples.

The pain blinded her and Ari cried out, falling to her knees. Her arms folded over her head as she tucked it into her body, praying for the pain to stop. She let out another scream, trying to relieve the pressure ... but it seemed to go on forever, until her body began to sway toward the black ...

Yes ... the black where there was no pain.

And then it stopped.

The whole room stilled beneath her and Ari let her arms fall, tears streaming down her cheeks as she lifted her heavy head and gazed up at Azazil. What she saw shocked the very breath out of her.

"Your Highness?" she whispered hoarsely, still feeling the throbbing waves of remembered pressure at her temples.

Azazil glanced over at her as he slumped toward the floor. "Done," he whispered.

He was so pale. And not just pale. Hollows sunk beneath his eyes, shadows stretched across his torso, a torso once powerful and muscular, now lean and frail.

"What have I done?" Ari murmured, more tears falling.

The Sultan tried to wave a hand at her, but his wrist flopped with the effort.

It suddenly occurred to her there was a wave of magic pooling behind her and Ari twisted around to look at the double doors to Azazil's chambers.

"Asmodeus ...," Azazil whispered.

"Been trying ... to get ...in. Too weak ... to take ... down enchantme ..."

Afraid of Asmodeus's reaction but even more afraid for the Sultan, Ari waved an exhausted hand at the door, feeling the energy that blocked the lieutenant out. It was a binding spell, not a very strong one if you were in the room with it, but outside ... it might take Asmodeus too long to take it down. Ari felt the ember burst across her palm and she held it up and outward toward Azazil's spell. With a little focus, she felt it fragment and two seconds later, the double doors blasted off their hinges.

Literally.

They collapsed to the ground, stirring up a layer of dust that had accumulated while Azazil granted Ari her favor. How long had it taken him?

"We've been trying to get in for hours," Asmodeus unknowingly answered her question, his intent eyes on her.

"What's wrong? What's happening?" His eyes flew from her to Azazil and then widened. He cursed loudly and strode toward his master. "Your Highness?" He knelt down beside him, his hands hovering over him as he felt his aura for magic use. "Azazil," he whispered, his voice filled with genuine concern. "My friend, what have you done?"

He jerked his head over his shoulder and glared at Ari. "What have you done?" he raged quietly.

"Leave her," Azazil managed quietly.

He took Asmodeus's hands for help onto the bed. "I will be returned to myself again soon enough. A few days at the most. My debt ... my debt to her ... is paid."

Asmodeus's eyes narrowed. "Whose destiny did you change for her?"

Azazil wheezed and coughed into his shoulder. "The intention ... the intention I presume ... was ... was to protect the Ginnaye and the Hunters ... but also ... to change the boy's ... destiny. Charlie."

The look Asmodeus gave Ari as she watched on in exhausted concern would have flayed a lesser being. "Get out," he demanded, his voice filled with disgust. "Get out!"

"I'm sorry," she whispered before turning on her heel.

Glass stood in the doorway, his expression unreadable.

At last he held out a hand. "Let's get you home."

10

That Old Tune I Love

The hours in Mount Qaf amounted to a few days in the mortal realm, so when the Glass King escorted Ari back to the house she shared with Jai and Trey, it was to a welcoming committee.

As soon as she appeared in the living room with the tall king, strong hands pulled her into Jai's embrace. She clutched him in relief, inhaling his familiar spicy scent as she pressed her ear to his chest. His heart pounded against it in a vital show of life that soothed her harried nerves.

"Ari, what did you do?" he asked, worried. "It's been crazy ..." He pulled back, holding her tightly by the shoulders as he gazed down into her tired eyes. "Fallon is back."

Tears of joy pricked Ari's eyes and she exhaled in relief. "It worked."

"Ari?"

At the sound of Michael's voice, Ari turned in Jai's arms and faced the Guild Hunter and his brother, Gerard, and Gerard's wife, Megan, along with Trey who apparently couldn't take the distance between them anymore. He strode toward Ari, his obvious concern clear in his startling gray eyes, and just like Jai, he hauled her into a tight hug.

"Thank God," he murmured into her hair.

She hugged him back, smiling softly, and feeling very loved. When they stepped back, he nodded at Glass politely in front of the others, but his eyes shone with gratitude and tenderness that Glass surprisingly, openly, returned. "You brought her back in one piece. Thank you."

Glass smirked at him. "Of course.

Was there ever any doubt?"

Trey's lips twitched. "Well ... yeah.

Dude, you took her to Azazil's palace."

"I told you not to call me that."

"You tell me to do a lot of things.

It's hard to keep track."

Shaking his head and clearly trying not to encourage the young Ginnaye by laughing, Glass waved at the people behind Trey. "I think Ari may have some things to discuss ..."

"Right." Trey stepped away from

Ari, who found herself trapped in Michael's gaze.

"Ari ..." He took a step toward her, seeming unsure what to do. "The whole Guild felt the change and then she was there ... Fallon was there."

"How is she?" Ari asked hurriedly.

"I mean, Azazil said it might be difficult for her. Is she okay?"

Michael shook his head, still looking shell-shocked. "She's exhausted. She had a difficult time sorting out the two realities. We all have. But the humans ... the humans who knew she passed ... they don't seem to remember that."

"No," Ari replied, "they won't.

This change. It only fully affects humans."

"Ari, what did you ask Azazil to do exactly?" Jai's deep voice inquired softly from behind her.

She turned to him now. "I wanted to protect everyone. I wanted to fix what happened to my dad, to Mikey and Charlie. To Fallon. The only way I knew how was to ask Azazil to make it so that Sala never left me with Dad. I didn't want to lose what I had now. You, the Guild ... so my own memories of the past haven't changed, and neither has the memories of the Jinn who are in my life. Except for Pazuzu. I asked Azazil to specifically change that." Her eyes slid back to Michael. "I know you were just doing your job, but I couldn't let Charlie die. Everything that happened to him, including what happened to Fallon, it was all because of my place in his life."

"But that means ..." Jai sighed softly.

"Ari, he won't remember you."

Her heart ached at the thought and tears threatened to fall, but she held strong and gave Jai a trembling smile.

"It's worth it. I hope. I'd really like to check on things with him ..."

Her boyfriend nodded, concern in his light green eyes. "I'll come with you."

"Ari." Michael took a hold of her arm to draw her attention back to him. "I know whatever you did probably has its consequences ... but I don't care. I can't thank you enough for doing what you've done-for bringing Fallon back to me and her mother."

She clasped his hand and squeezed it tight. "I'm so relieved it worked. I'll come by and see her as soon as I've checked on things back in Ohio."

"No, first, you'll sleep," Michael insisted. "You look exhausted."

Ari shook her head adamantly. "No, I have to check. I won't be able to sleep until I check."

The Guild leader gave a deep sigh and looked beyond Ari to Jai. "I'm glad she's yours to look after," he told him dryly.

Jai snorted and Ari threw him an unamused look. "I'm not that bad."

He held up his hands. "I didn't say anything."

"Well, I'll leave you to it."

Michael nodded gratefully once more and strode out of the living room. Gerard and Megan murmured their own thank-yous and followed him out.

"Let's do this before you fall asleep on your feet." Jai gave her shoulder a squeeze.

The Glass King took a step back. "I must visit my brother. He will have felt the change in the threads as I did."

Trey frowned. "You're not staying?"

Glass gave him a knowing smile.

"I'll be back."

And like that, he disappeared into the Peripatos.

Trey grinned at them. "Was that just me or was that all very Schwarzenegger?"

Ari huffed a laugh and leaned her head against Jai's strong shoulder. "Don't crack jokes. I don't have the energy to laugh with the appropriate amount of gusto."

Jai's arm came around her waist, his hand cupping her hip and drawing her closer. "You sure this can't wait until after you sleep?"

"We're just checking in. We won't be long." She blinked back weary tears. "I don't think I'll be able to stand watching it for long, knowing they don't remember me."

It was warmer in Ohio at this time of year, not that Ari could really appreciate it because of her weird Jinn temperature, but just remembering it brought on a rush of longing as she gazed at her old house. She hadn't been back to Sandford Ridge in almost six months.

It felt like six years.

She could feel Jai's energy next to her as they stood on the driveway of Derek Johnson's house, hiding in the Cloak.

I'm going in, she told Jai.

Okay. Careful now.

She headed toward the front door.

It was a safe neighborhood and when Ari had lived there with Derek, they'd never locked the door. Ari only ever did when Derek was away on business. She was pleased to discover Derek hadn't broken that habit in this new reality.

Slipping inside quietly, Ari felt Jai follow her and then listened as he clicked the door shut behind them.

Music filtered in from the utility room and finding the sitting room empty, Ari followed the sounds, only to come to an abrupt halt at the doorway to the room. A tall, dark-haired woman stood folding laundry. She wore a pair of denim cutoffs and an oversized T-shirt, and she hummed along to the radio as she worked.

Ari didn't recognize her at all.

Did Derek not live here in this reality?

Turning on her heel, Ari hurried to the sitting room. She found what she was looking for on the wall opposite the large window.

Photographs.

The first one caused her to suck in her breath in surprise. Why had she not counted this as a possibility? Smiling happily back at her was Derek, once her adopted dad, now someone else's real dad. He was also a husband. Ari gazed in stupefied wonder at the wedding photograph of Derek and the dark-haired woman from the utility room. Scanning the photos, she found more of the couple, and in others, they were joined by two little boys.

Ari had presumed because her dad himself had admitted how much of a loner he was that he'd be alone. But in this reality, Derek never met Sala, and so Sala never messed with his heart, leaving him free to find someone else and fall in love. Ari turned around, eyes washing over the games console hooked up to the television, the homework bag in the corner by the armchair, the Nintendo and game cartridges scattered on the coffee table. The furniture was different too. It was no longer modern and cold, but soft and comfortable.

A family lived here now.

Baby, are you okay?

He got married. He has kids. It's really weird, she choked on a half sob.

A hand groped for hers and Ari let Jai lead her out of the house. As soon as the door closed behind him, he sighed. Are you sure you want to do this? This is like a sick kind of torture.

No, it's not. I'm happy for him, I really am. It's just ... strange. And I'm tired. I feel like I haven't stopped crying in days.

Then let's get the visit to Charlie's over with.

They used the Peripatos to save time and immediately disappeared into the Cloak upon seeing Charlie's mom's car pull into the driveway.

Ari held her breath, standing on the lawn by the tree in Charlie's yard, watching as Charlie got out of the driver's side. "Seriously, you didn't see anything?" he asked his passenger, frowning in Ari and Jai's direction.

Crap. He'd obviously caught sight of them seconds before they disappeared.

"You need to get more sleep," Mrs. Creagh sighed as she got out of the car. "You work too hard, sweetie."

Charlie gave her a soft smile and then banged on the window of back passenger door. "Mikey, we're home."

Ari's heart stopped and she had to swallow the cry of joy that leapt into her mouth as she took a stumbling step forward. Charlie hurried around to his mom and took one of the brown bags out of her hand. He looked great. He was more filled out, his hair unruly and long.

He looked happy.

He looked like the old Charlie. So much so, Ari's heart hurt.

And then the back door of the car opened and that ache in her chest intensified.

Michael. Little Mike. Mikey.

Except he wasn't twelve anymore.

His life hadn't been cut short at such a young age. Instead he was fourteen, almost fifteen. And tall, she laughed tearfully, covering the sound with hands.

He was almost as tall his big brother. In fact, he was the spitting image of Charlie, only with a slightly rounder face.

He stumbled sleepily after his mom and brother. Ari hurried to catch up to them.

Mrs. Creagh fumbled with the key and her bags, and Mikey reached out to take the bags. "Thank you, honey," she mumbled, opening the screen door. "Did your dad call?"

"Nope," Charlie sighed, and Ari followed them inside, ignoring Jai's telepathic hiss for her to come back.

"When has he ever called when he said he was going to call?"

"Don't use that tone when you're talking about your father."

They walked down the narrow hall, no longer morbidly cluttered with photographs of Mikey, and into the kitchen.

Charlie and Mikey shared a look behind their mother's back.

"Mom," Charlie sighed again, "when are you going to stop protecting us? I'm eighteen, Mikey's nearly fifteen. I think we can safely work out for ourselves that dad is an ass**le."

Mrs. Creagh sucked in a breath as she whirled on him. "Don't. You divorce people, not children."

Mr. and Mrs. Creagh were divorced then. Ari shook her head. Why was she not surprised? She'd never particularly liked Mr. Creagh. He'd never been the most hands-on dad.

"Mom, I swear I'm going to get that on a shirt," Mikey grumbled, taking the soda his big brother offered him. Ari stared as Mikey sat down, unable to take her eyes off him.

Mikey was alive.

And Charlie was Charlie again.

Her eyes welled with tears of happiness just as a hand wrapped around her arm. We gotta go, baby, Jai's voice whispered in her head.

Reluctantly, Ari let herself be dragged out and around the side of the house. She and Jai came out of the Cloak at the exact same time. She smiled widely, letting her tears fall down her cheeks. "They're okay. They're going to be okay."

Jai wiped her tears with his thumb and pressed a kiss to her forehead. "I'm happy for you. For them. For Charlie."

Ari nodded and tilted her head back to meet his eyes. "I'll take whatever is coming next. I swear. Whatever it is.

This was so worth it."

PART TWO

11

Darkness, Kindled

The State of Zubair hummed with anticipation. Its people, its land, its mountains, its waters, and its emeralds vibrated with the excitement pulsing from its king. They had no idea what was going on but they knew that something-something monumental-was afoot.

The White King stood upon the dais within his palace, presiding over the huge ballroom filled with his army-Jinn of all kinds: Shaitans, Ifrits, Marids, the Nisnas. They stood before him awaiting their orders. At his side were his brothers, Gleaming and Shadow, and the energy throbbing from their own auras was as intoxicating as White's.

The time had come. Azazil had granted Ari her wish and now he was weaker than he'd ever been.

Lilif, his mother, was almost in his grasp.

"The power around the palace has waned with the Sultan's weakness," White informed the army. "We appear as one inside the palace grounds and we charge. Your duty is to protect my brothers and me, and clear our path to Azazil. Understood?"

They stomped their feet in answer, and White turned to his brothers with a triumphant gleam in his eyes. "Let us begin."

A moment later the White King strode casually through his roaring army as they charged the main gates to Azazil's palace. Their combined magic burst against the waning protection enchantments around the building, sending flares of brilliant light up into the sky. The Gleaming and Shadow King walked on either side of White, strolling through a thick air of spells as battle cries rent the air.

Azazil's Jinn flowed from the main entrance of the palace. Charms, spells, and enchantments created a song in the atmosphere; fists, knives, and swords splashed vibrant blood into the mix.

Brave Jinn attempted to stall

Azazil and his brothers, but they were waved aside as if nothing more than irritating flies. Smiling in exultation at his brothers, White led them inside the main reception hall, leaving much of their army behind in a violent struggle for victory. Some of their men were already inside the palace, attempting to clear their way. White marched down the wide, opulent corridors with his acinaces sword strapped to his hip, his heart pounding as he neared his own conquest.

They turned sharply around a corner, heading for their father's chambers only to come to an abrupt halt.

Asmodeus stood before them, blood smearing his face and torso, his expression blank but his body tensed for war.

Scattered around him were pieces of Jinn-arms, legs, torsos, heads-and in Asmodeus's fist, a heart drew its last breath. He dropped it to the floor with a squishy thump, and tilted his head to the side.

"Children," he tut-tutted softly, "you don't really want to fight me, do you?"

No, White really didn't. He'd leave his brothers to that. He telepathed to them both, Get the ring off him and bring it to me. I'll secure Father's room.

Without another word, he let the hallway dissolve around him and quickly teleported into his father's room.

Immediately he was assaulted by a red-eyed Shaitan.

White drew back, blocking the enchantment she threw at him with one hand and swinging his acinaces sword with the other.

Her head rolled off her body just as White felt the sharp bite of a blade in his back. He bit out a curse and spun around to find another Shaitan dancing nervously, his bloodied dagger shifting between hands.

As the wound in White's back began to heal, he shook his head disapprovingly at the Shaitan and wrapped an enchantment around his throat, squeezing the life out of him. The Shaitan fell to his knees, his eyes begging for mercy as his face purpled with asphyxiation.

White would not grant him that mercy. A coward who would stab a king in the back deserved to die slowly.

White had only a moment to spy a glimpse of his father lying frail and weak in his bed when three more Shaitans burst into the room and engaged him in a fight. Impatient to be done, he swiped a hand out around all three and watched his deadly curse create fragmentations in their bodies, until their panicked shaking caused the pieces to shatter like ice cubes onto the chamber floor. The cubes melted, and the heady scent of copper filled the room.

Brother, a little help here! Gleaming's outraged cry blasted through his head.

How on earth was it possible that Asmodeus was fighting off two Jinn kings? Shaking his head in fury, White reappeared in amongst the small battle Asmodeus was waging against Gleaming and Shadow. His brothers busied Asmodeus while he looked for a weakness. Shadow was helpfully allowing Asmodeus to pummel his face while Gleaming tried to breach the protection enchantment Asmodeus had put up around himself. White tried to find a way in and spied the rope that held the ring of Solomon around Marid's neck. So close ... so very close.

And then he saw it.

Shadow's fingers gripped tight to Asmodeus's wrist, begging for relief as the Marid held him down. He was able to touch Asmodeus when the intention was not to attack.

The enchantment was a defensive one only.

Ah, Asmodeus.

White shook his head smugly, your paranoia will be the end of you.

With thoughts of harm quashed beneath his obsession to find his mother, White reached out and snapped the rope from Asmodeus's neck. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw fire explode in the hallway, the vivid hue of blue and red warning him his brother's Glass and Red had arrived to join the fight. White instantly teleported back to his father's room, knowing the fight would definitely be out of his favor once Red and Glass joined ranks with Asmodeus.

It was possible that every Jinn in all of Mount Qaf was alerted to Asmodeus's realization that the ring had been stolen.

The lieutenant's roar literally shook the palace and the mountains beneath it.

White slammed the doors to his father's chamber, blocking out the war cries that seemed to pound down on the palace from every side. He slipped on the Seal of Solomon, feeling its power, his mother's power, rush through him. He stroked the brass and iron ring with tenderness. Within it resided his mother's spirit and very soon, she would be reunited with her body.

Quickly, White strode around to his father's bedside.

Azazil looked up at him with a strange mix of pride and rage. "You have no idea what you are about to unleash."

White shook his head. "Mother is balance. Our world is not the same without her. And if you are going to blame anyone for this ... blame yourself. You were the one who granted my daughter the favor that brought you so low. You knew something like this might happen. You invited it."

His father nodded wearily. "I kindled a darkness, yes, but you are about to set the world alight with the blackest flame. Lilif will cast us all into shadow."

"Enough of your lies, Father."

White uncurled his hand, staring at the ring. "I command you to tell me the location of Lilif's body."

Slowly, and in great pain to do so, Azazil closed his eyes. With a sigh of exhaustion, he revealed his greatest secret.

12

Thy Will Be Undone

White lit candles upon entering the mausoleum built into the deepest depths of the Menelik, their light flickering over the sarcophagus from the old sconces. This was an area not even the state knew existed, hidden behind a rock door only accessible by powerful Jinn.

Considering only one Jinn knew of its existence in the first place, White found the tomb undisturbed. It was small, dark, carved out in a near circular shape, the rock walls protruding out here and there.

In the center, balanced on an

elaborate pedestal, sat the sarcophagus. Sealed by royal blood, it could only be opened by royal blood.

White conjured a small dagger and

scored a deep slice across his open palm. Quickly, before it could heal, he curled his hand into a fist and dripped his blood into the center of the carved coffin.

Electricity filled the air. White

watched with anticipation as the sarcophagus began to melt, revealing the youthful face of his beautiful mother. As her rattily-clothed body was revealed to him, he reached out to catch her before the sarcophagus completely disappeared. Cradling her in his arms, White felt tears of elation prick his eyes as he knelt to his knees and pulled out the Seal.

This would most probably hurt her.

"Forgive me, Mother," he apologized

softly, his eyes glued to her sweet, pure face.

With a cry of triumph, White raised

his fist with the Seal inside and smashed it through Lilif's breast. An ember glow immediately lit up inside her and Lilif's eyes flew open on an anguished gasp.

As White removed his fist and

watched her chest heal over, Lilif's frightened eyes searched the room before swinging up to his face. Slowly, as the pain diminished in her dark gaze, light returned. She recognized him.

"I knew you'd find me," she

whispered, a soft smile on her lips.

White closed his eyes in absolute

relief. Everything would be all right now.

Opening his eyes at his mother's

coughing, White helped her sit up, her entire body trembling against him. "Can I get you something?" he asked.

She placed a palm to her chest and

winced, shaking her head. "I would say give me a minute, but we don't have the time." When her eyes came back to him, White froze in confusion. Within, he saw a hard intensity he did not recognize. "We must bring on The After, son, and we must do it soon."

***

The sound of her shower running slowly woke Ari from her dreamless sleep. Prying her eyes open, she stretched a hand out, sliding her palm over the warm space where Jai had lain next to her. The shower turned off and she smiled into her pillow.

After seeing Charlie and Mikey back

together again, Ari had returned home with Jai and collapsed in an exhausted heap. Jai had put her to bed and climbed in with her, and she'd fallen asleep curled next to him. It had been the best sleep she'd had in a long time.

It was difficult to really put her

feelings into words about what had happened since Azazil had granted her the favor. She was nervous about seeing Fallon, anxious the girl was coping, and worried about having to explain that Charlie would no longer know who the heck Fallon was. Moreover, Ari was deeply saddened that Charlie no longer knew who she was. And yet, at the same time, she was ecstatic he was the old Charlie again and that he had Mikey back.

Ari could live with not getting to

be a part of Charlie's new reality as long as it meant he was happy and healthy.

The door to the bathroom opened and

Jai wandered out, running a hand over his barely there hair. Ari propped herself up on an elbow. He'd cut his hair again.

It was hot.

So was the near-nakedness.

He wore only a towel wrapped around

his waist.

Walking quietly toward his jeans,

Jai seemed unaware that Ari was awake. She cleared her throat, drawing his head around toward her. He smiled softly and Ari felt the smile shoot all the way down into her belly.

"Morning."

"Morning." She cocked her head and

patted the space on the bed beside her. "Come back."

He grinned. "I would but I thought

you'd want to see Fallon as soon as possible."

"I do want to see Fallon. And I

will." She sat up and casually pulled her pajama top off, letting the sheet fall to her waist. Her heart beat a little harder at the way Jai's expression darkened, faltering as he dropped his jeans back onto the floor. "But first I want my boyfriend to come here."

No verbal response needed, Jai

strode toward the bed, his fingers tugging his towel loose just before he reached for her. He cupped a hand around her neck and pulled her against his body, his kiss long and deep, a prelude to one very exquisite morning.

The fire in Michael's study broke the silence as it crackled and snapped, its heat inviting in the cold Jersey winter weather. Ari sat nervously in an armchair before Michael's desk, Jai standing by her side.

It would've been nice to make their exquisite morning an entire exquisite day, but Ari knew she needed to meet with Fallon. She had to attempt to explain things.

Michael sighed behind his desk,

checking his watch. "I'm sure she's coming."

They'd been waiting on Fallon

coming down from her bedroom for twenty minutes.

"Should I maybe go to her?"

Before Michael could respond, the

door to his study opened and Caroline walked in, a shadow behind her. Before Ari could determine who the shadow was, Caroline dragged her from the chair with surprisingly strong arms and suffocated her with the tightest hug she'd ever received.

"How can I ever repay you?"

Caroline asked, her voice barely recognizable it was so thick with emotion.

Ari shook her head, taking a step

back. "I'm not in your debt," she assured her, her heart aching at the sheer relief and joy in Caroline's eyes. It suddenly occurred to Ari that Michael and Caroline were in a situation no other bereaved parent had ever been in. Unlike Charlie and Mrs. Creagh, who'd lost a son and a brother but would never realize the gift they'd been given, Fallon's parents did. Ari imagined it had changed everything for them.

It also occurred to her that Fallon

would probably be cursed with overprotective parents for the rest of her life.

A movement out of the corner of her

eye drew her gaze, and Ari's breath caught. Standing in the doorway was Fallon Roe.

And yet it wasn't.

Fallon Roe had big, dark eyes that

sparked with the fire of life.

This Fallon Roe's eyes were

haunted. "Charlie's gone?" she asked softly, her words cracking a little.

Crap. Ari's shoulders slumped.

"Maybe we can talk somewhere alone?"

Fallon nodded. Giving her mom and

dad a small smile of reassurance, she turned and led Ari out of the study. Ari quickly followed her to the back of the house to the library/pool room. As soon as they were inside, Fallon turned. The sight of the flashing fire in her dark eyes was a relief.

"What the f**k did you to do to me

and Charlie?" she snapped.

Or maybe not so much a relief. Ari

held up her hands defensively. "Your mother and father explained already, right?"

"Yeah." She crossed her arms

stubbornly. "But I want to hear it from you, Prophecy Girl."

Determinedly, Ari kept the twitch

from her lips. She was delighted to see Fallon acting like Fallon and not that weird little whipped girl she'd been acting like two seconds ago, but laughing at this point in time would probably piss Fallon off. "Okay. Here's the deal.

You know the Labartu killed you?"

Fallon gave her a "well, duh" look.

Ari tilted her head in curiosity.

"Do you remember anything after that? Did you go somewhere?"

"Seriously? You want to question me

about the afterlife before you explain yourself?"

"A little bit, yeah."

Fallon sighed heavily and shrugged,

her arms falling at her sides. "I don't know. All I know is, one minute that bitch Jinn was there and the next, everything was dark. But not ... not like you imagine dark. It was just ... peaceful. There was nothing to worry about, to think about. I existed in this warmth. I imagine it's a bit like being in the womb again," she snorted. "That sounds creepy. It wasn't creepy. It was beautiful." Her eyes dimmed. "But there was no sense of time. One minute it was dark and cozy, and the next I'm in my bedroom screaming the house down. All these images kept colliding and fighting in my memory. It was ... well, I'll admit I was really scared. It's taken me a couple of days to sort them into the right order. To sort them into what's real for me and what's real for this new reality or whatever."

Ari took a step toward her,

eyebrows knitted together. "I never wanted to cause you pain or confusion. I just wanted to fix things. After what happened to you, Charlie went nuts. He had in his possession Mount Qaf emerald and it was making him darker and darker. He killed the Labartu and then disappeared off our radar for a couple of months.

Your dad, the Guild-our Guild-was given the task of hunting him. I was given the task of hunting him."

Fallon's eyes softened. "But you

couldn't."

"Would you have been able to? Even

after ..."

"Even after having my neck broken

by the bitch he was obsessively hunting?" Fallon asked, her eyebrows rising at the suggestion. "I walked into that, Ari. Charlie didn't want me there. He tried to protect me. But I love him. I thought ..." She shook her head, laughing bitterly. "I thought he needed me to protect him."

Feeling tears sting her nose, Ari

pushed the emotion back, knowing Fallon didn't need that kind of sympathy right now. "He did need you. Your death really broke him up." Ari silenced to let her meaning sink in. She saw gratitude shine in the Hunter's eyes, so she took a second before destroying the moment. "Charlie decided to blackmail me. He wanted me to keep the Guild off his back, so he hooked up with Pazuzu and a Ghulah I'd used the Seal against. He said he was going to lead them to me if I didn't help him. So we used it against him. We killed the Ghulah but Pazuzu escaped. We got Charlie, though." Ari tried to control her emotions as she remembered those horrible weeks and their heartbreaking conclusion. "I dried him out."

Fallon took a step toward her. "Did

it work?"

"Yes. But I was too late. He'd

broken down about everything-about us, about you, and then your dad and the Guild came for him." Fallon's eyes narrowed at that piece of information and Ari held up a beseeching hand. "Fallon, your dad was doing his job. He was trying to protect the only family he had left. You have no idea what your death did to him and Caroline."

And just like that, the anger

melted from her expression. "I can imagine," she whispered and then heaved another sigh. "So what happened?"

Ari shrugged. "I couldn't let

Charlie die. You know that. So ... I called in my favor with Azazil. As long as things existed as they did, the Guild wasn't safe. Jai and Trey weren't safe.

None of us were ... not from Pazuzu. Charlie was going to die, which meant that in total, I'd inadvertently killed my adoptive father, my best friend, my best friend's girlfriend, and his little brother. So I changed it."

Fallon nodded. "You had Azazil make

it so you were never involved in your dad's life. But ... I don't get how that means you're standing here. With Jai and everything still the same for you."

"I asked Azazil to keep my reality

the same. In effect, I don't have another past. It was an incredibly complex thing I asked him to do, and it literally drained him."

"It also means that Charlie doesn't

know who you are." Fallon's eyes dropped to the floor. "He doesn't know me anymore."

"I'm so sorry. It was the only way

I could think to save you all. And you should see him. He's himself again and Mikey's alive and it's ... wonderful."

Fallon's head jerked up. "You've

seen him?"

Trepidation froze Ari in place. She

answered carefully. "I hid in the Cloak." She shook her head slowly.

"Fallon, you can't see Charlie ever again. I did what I did to keep him out of this life."

Her dark eyes dimmed. "It doesn't

matter to you that I was in love with him?"

"If you love him, you'll let him

go."

"Maybe some of us can't be as noble

as you."

"It's not about being noble. It's

about doing what's right for the person you love."

"So if it was Jai you had to let go

of ... would you?"

The question halted Ari, the mere

thought causing a pain deep in her chest. Finally, she replied, "If I had to let Jai go to save him ... then yes."

The tears slipped down Fallon's

cheeks, and she wiped them hurriedly away. "I'm not trying to be ungrateful,"

she told her hoarsely. "I think what you did was amazing. It's just ... I was in that motel room with him only a few days ago, and now you're telling me I'll never see him again."

Choking up, Ari nodded briskly. "I

get it," she whispered back.

Their eyes met and for the first

time since Ari had known her, Fallon strode toward her and wrapped her arms around her tight. "You're the only one who does."

Ari rubbed her friend's back

soothingly, letting her friend cry for the boy she'd loved and lost.

The sound of the double doors

crashing open broke them apart. As Fallon quickly cast an enchantment to hide her red eyes, Ari spun around to find Jai and Trey in the doorway, their expressions grim. "Oh, God." Her heart beat hard in her chest. "What? What now?"

Jai gestured to her to follow him.

"You need to see this."

Exchanging a quick, concerned

glance with Fallon, Ari hurried after her roommates as they guided her and Fallon into one of the family rooms. Upon entering, Ari found Caroline and Michael watching TV, Red and Glass by their sides.

"What ...?" Her gaze moved from them

to the news channel and the devastating images flashing across the screen.

"The 7.9-magnitude quake hit

central Ethiopia in its capital city of Addis Ababa at six thirty eastern time this morning, causing devastating destruction in the densely populated city. Currently, the estimated death toll sits at over 100,000 people and growing-"

"What's going on?" Ari drew

everyone's attention from the news report, the blood whooshing in her ears as her fears began to whisper the answer.

Her uncle Red took a step toward her,

his expression severe but thankfully not accusatory. "The White King used Azazil's current physical weakness to storm the palace, steal the Seal of Solomon from Asmodeus, and command Father to tell him where Lilif's body is."

The news hit Ari in the gut. She shook her head frantically but Red continued, "Azazil had hidden her in a secret underground chamber built under the Menelik Mausoleum in Addis Ababa."

Ari's eyes turned to the television

screen where tear-streaked children clung to sobbing parents. "The earthquake?"

"The result of Azazil's will

breaking under White's command. Remember I told you Azazil was like a bridge between my brothers, my brothers and I the roads that connect the pathways in the mortal realm and all the others? This bend in his will broke a thread. It caused a crack in your world."

"Oh, God." She felt sick as she

gripped the back of the couch. "What the hell have I done?"

***

She stood before him, waves of great power pulsing from her as it did from her twin, Asmodeus. It was a power almost as great as Azazil's.

This moment should've been the most

glorious of White's life, gazing upon his beautiful mother as she promised to right all the wrongs of the Jinn world. Instead, he felt only complete and utter despair. This was not the Lilif he remembered. The Lilif he remembered had been a soft-spoken, quietly commanding, ethereal beauty with a wealth of wisdom and experience in her eyes.

This ... this Lilif was just as the

paintings had depicted her. Paintings White had declared slanderous in their wrongful portrayal of her as a selfish seductress.

This Lilif ... this Lilif was exactly

as his brothers, even Ari, had described. Silken fabric wrapped around her youthful body showing far more skin than White could ever remember. Her dark curls fell down her back in a riot of black magic; rubies glittered from her ears and throat. From her deep red lips fell words of insanity, of destruction, and of The After. Red had attempted to tell him this was Lilif's plan. To bring forth the legendary After-it was what would happen if balance was destroyed completely. The realms would collide and cause desolation to all. In its place would exist The After, and only those powerful enough would survive. They would find themselves alone in a brave new world.

Despair kept White on his knees;

self-derision kept his head bowed. He'd been so blinded by his love for his mother, so blinded by the falsities she'd shown him, the need to resurrect her had become irrational and illogical. It had taken her less than an hour to gather her strength after he'd punched the ring into her chest to awaken her.

And here she was ...

"For centuries, White," she spat in

outrage, "I have waited for my time. Trapped by Azazil's making and forced to live in darkness until Ari." She shot him a look. "You created something remarkable in that one, son. Very clever of you. My time inside her was most edifying. I have seen what has become of you all, what has become of this world. Of Asmodeus, even." Lilif shook her head in disgust. "My poor brother has lost all the meaning in his life. You all have. But I can return it, just as you wished me to."

She bent down on one knee to gently

lift White's chin, tilting his head so he had to meet her unbalanced gaze. "I will keep you alive, son, in compensation for your service to me. You were always my most faithful." She stroked his cheek tenderly before pinching his skin with her harsh grip. "But your brothers must die. It is the only way to continue to break the threads. It is the only way to welcome our souls into The After. And now that I have the powers of the Seal at my command, nothing will stop me."

Despite the disbelief coursing through his veins, White managed to keep his expression blank as he nodded in acquiescence to his mother. While she offered him a smug smile, he did the only thing he could. He began telepathing as loudly as possible to the one brother who might be smart enough to save them all.

***

Red gritted his teeth, the blast from White's telepathy taking him to his knees as he clutched his head, trying to breathe through the pain and listen to the message.

Lilif has awakened! I'm

sorry, Brother. You were right. Worse, the power of the Seal remains within her. She's coming for you all. I will warn Gleaming and Shadow. You warn the others.

"Red?" Ari's concerned voice drew his watery gaze from the floor. He turned to find her kneeling beside him, her hand anxiously clutching his arm. When their eyes met, he saw her genuine worry for him and felt a wave of fierce protection grip him. With a reassuring nod at Ari, he glanced up at his brother who seemed to sense the news before he'd even heard it.

Red rose to his feet, bringing Ari with him. "That was the White King."

"Telepathing you?" Ari asked him, confusion in every syllable.

"It seems Lilif wasted no time in revealing her true nature to him. He was calling to warn us. She is keeping to the old plan."

Glass's eyes narrowed. "To kill

us."

Red nodded grimly. "Yes. And worse, she has the power of the Seal at her command. White is warning Gleaming and Shadow. We will warn Lucky and Gilder and have them meet us at Father's. If we combine our power, we should be able to keep her out of the palace until Father regains his strength. We will strategize where to go from there."

"You're leaving?" Trey took a step toward them but his anguished eyes were on Glass.

Red sighed, watching his brother's expression tighten as he realized he'd have to leave the young Hunter here.

When he shot a look at Red, he didn't even have to telepath the question. Can I bring him?

Red looked at Ari, wishing he could bring her also. But they couldn't. It would be far safer to be away from them while they were Lilif's targets. As if Glass realized this at the same time, he clasped Trey's face in his hands. Watching the tenderness in his brother's eyes sent a wave of grief over Red. But at least Glass had the reassurance of knowing that since the incident in Rancocas Park, Trey would be safe, as long as Lilif never laid a hand upon Glass.

"Look after Ari," Glass told him

softly. "And yourself. I'll come back when this business with Lilif is resolved."

"I want to fight with you." Trey

shook his head stubbornly. "If she ... if something happens to you ..."

And from that point on, their

conversation was silent. Red assumed love words were being exchanged using the privacy of telepathy, so he turned to his beautiful niece and laid an affectionate touch upon her shoulder, drawing her gaze from the lovers.

Her soulful eyes, the exact image of her mother's, pierced him. He found himself telling her fiercely, "No matter what, you must protect yourself. It would be prudent for you and Jai to go into hiding until I give the all-clear."

Ari took a step closer to him, her head craning to meet his eyes. "No." She shook her head defiantly. "I'm not leaving the Guild alone to face whatever is coming."

Red closed his eyes briefly, trying to rein in the need to order her about. It would not be useful. Ari was too much like her mother, and Sala did not take orders well. Opening his eyes, he touched Ari's cheek and sighed. "Fine. But watch out for one another." His eyes lifted to Jai. "Keep her safe."

The Ginnaye gave him a militant nod, and Red knew he could rest a tiny bit easier knowing the Guardian would die in a blaze of glory to keep his niece alive.

13

Immune to Your Charms

Three days had passed and still no word from her uncles. At this point Ari would've been happy to be dreamwalked by Asmodeus, so long as it meant receiving some intelligence on what the hell was happening. It horrified her to know Lilif was out in the world using the Seal as she pleased.

International news had reported a large influx of weather phenomenon. None of it was as disastrous as the earthquake in Ethiopia, but if Lilif got anywhere near Azazil or the Jinn kings, Ari feared they could kiss the world goodbye.

She needed to know what was going on.

It wasn't like this was random, everyday running-from-a-sorcerer-hunting-your-best-friend-getting-your-ass-kicked-by-an-ancient-demon issue. This was end-of-the-world stuff.

However, not even Asmodeus had visited, and Ari had the distinctly unpleasant feeling the lieutenant was furious with her for asking the epic favor from Azazil. Guilt had lodged permanently inside Ari, a heavy stone in her stomach, always there, never shifting. Guilt for demanding something so draining of Azazil. Guilt for still feeling happy that she'd done it if it meant Derek, Mikey, Fallon, and Charlie were alive.

She stared at the ceiling, wondering what everyone else really thought of her. Red and Glass seemed concerned about her safety before they fled to escape Lilif's wrath, but that didn't mean they weren't disappointed in her for using Azazil's power for her own selfish means.

What she had done ... didn't that make her as bad as Lilif?

Discussing her guilt was difficult.

She couldn't with the Roes because they clearly were happy with her decision to manipulate Azazil's power. She couldn't discuss it with Fallon because she was working through her moroseness over Charlie, pummeling holes into training center punching bags. And Trey too was quiet these days, spending hours locked in his room painting and worrying about Glass.

There was only Jai, and he was convinced that she'd acted with a pure heart. How could she possibly feel guilty for saving four lives?

"You're doing it again, aren't you?" His sleep-roughened voice found her in the dark.

Ari turned her head on the pillow, her eyes so well adjusted to the shadows, she could see he'd turned on his side to watch her. "I can't help it."

"And nothing I say will convince you that this isn't your fault?"

She shook her head.

"Ari," he whispered sadly, his fingers trailing a shivery path across her bare shoulder and down her arm. "Baby, you made a decision to save lives. Azazil agreed. If it's anyone's fault, it's his.

And it's the White King's. And if you really want to get into it, it's Azazil's and Asmodeus's fault for not destroying Lilif centuries ago when they had the chance."

"They couldn't. At the time ... she was too connected to the world."

"Not anymore."

Ari nodded. "She can be destroyed now. If Azazil and Asmodeus allow it, that is."

"I think they'll have to. For now, I want you to stop worrying and stop feeling guilty. She may be powerful but she's up against seven Jinn kings and Azazil and Asmodeus. Azazil will have regained his strength by now. I'm sure they're dealing with it as we speak."

"You can't just say the words and expect me to stop feeling guilty. To stop worrying," Ari insisted. "Azazil told me there might be consequences. I did it, anyway. I acted like Charlie, except I don't have the excuse of being twisted by a piece of Mount Qaf emerald."

Jai heaved an irritated sigh. "Now I'm getting pissed."

"Excuse me?"

"You heard me." He sat up on his elbow. "Okay, your actions led to Lilif's reawakening. Did you intend that? No.

You did what you did to save lives. Charlie's actions lost lives and all to wreak revenge. How is what you did the same thing?"

Jai Bitar, you are a pain in my ass. Ari made a grumbling noise. "It's not."

"Are you going to stop feeling guilty?"

"Can we not talk about this anymore?"

"Ari-"

She reached up swiftly, pulling his head down to hers. The annoyed, hard kiss she pressed against his mouth to shut him up quickly grew soft and heated as he groaned and wrapped his arms around her.

"You don't play fair," he growled, trailing soft kisses along her jaw and down her neck.

Needing to escape for a while, Ari was overcome with an urgency to disappear inside him. She gripped his hips with her thighs and flipped him so his back was on the mattress and she was straddling him.

Jai smoothed his hands down her back and around her hips, a fire stirring in his gaze. Her lips hovered above his as she whispered desperately, "I'm going to make it so I don't know where you start and where I end."

Abruptly, Jai sat up, rearranging her on his lap as he held her tight against him. "We're already there." He kissed her softly. "We're deep inside each other. That's why I can't bear to see you blame yourself. I feel it. I feel it when you hurt."

Her eyes shimmered as she tenderly cupped his face in her hands, her thumbs stroking his bristly jawline. "Then I'll stop blaming myself."

"As easy as that?"

She brushed her nose along his, her bottom lip catching his top lip. "You're the last person in the world I'd ever hurt. If hurting me hurts you ... then, yeah. Easy as that."

Jai's eyes sparked in the dark and he hugged her tighter. "I love you. I need you," he whispered frantically, his hands coasting around her hips to draw her nightgown up. "Now."

Ari nodded, her cheek rubbing against his as she whispered in his ear. "I love you too."

Leaning back a little, she raised her arms so he could draw her nightie off, and as soon as it was gone and there was nothing between them but air, Jai crushed her against him, kissing her breathless.

***

The sound of Jai's cell ringing woke them. Ari sleepily lifted her head off his chest so he could reach for it on his bedside table.

"Bitar," he mumbled into the cell.

Whatever the caller said bolted Jai upright. Ari instantly tensed, watching him.

"Okay. We'll be right there." He hung up and looked down at her, his expression unreadable. "Michael wants to see us. He has an assignment for us."

Ari struggled into a sitting position, pushing her long hair out of her face. "Well, that's good, right?

Gives us something to focus on."

"Yeah. Let's get ready and go see what it's about."

"This is not good," Jai grumbled, his arms crossed over his chest, his glower darkening Michael's study.

"Look," Michael sighed. "You know I prefer having the two of you on assignment together, but I have an Edimmu Utukku haunting a graveyard only fifteen miles from here and a Labartu another Guild has tracked into northern Philadelphia. These two have been causing serious havoc and I have two assassins who can take the bastards out. I already sent Trey on assignment last night with Fallon. She was begging to get out of the house and I wanted someone I could trust with her, so they're in Maryland taking care of a newbie sorcerer. That leaves me with only two legal assassins.

You two. The Labartu is moving fast, so we need to deal with her while she's under our jurisdiction. The Utukku killed someone last night, so I want him dealt with too. Jai, I need you on board with this."

Ari made a huffing sound. "As much as I love him, Jai is not the boss of me." She ignored his glare. "He's no longer my guardian and he no longer calls the shots. Just tell me what I need to do and this Jinn is mine."

"Ari-"

"Jai." She shook her head at him, her eyes narrowed stubbornly. "You don't want me to feel guilty. Fine. I'm not.

But don't make me feel helpless, either."

"Red asked me to protect you."

"Yes. From Lilif, if she ever decides to come calling. She hasn't. I'm pretty sure she's being given the runaround by her sons and ex-hubby right about now and could give a crap about her long-lost granddaughter." When his annoyed expression didn't change, she sent him an appeasing look. "I know there's danger. I'm not an idiot. But I'll get in and out of there as quickly as possible. You do realize I need to be able to fight without you by my side?"

After a moment of contemplation, Jai finally gave in, "Fine. But you go in there all guns blazing, no messing around. Just kill it and get out."

Ari smiled sweetly at him.

"Whatever you say, baby."

***

"Perhaps we should rest, Your Highness," a Marid from what was left of White's army suggested. "Conserve our energy."

Lilif gazed at her husband's palace towering upon the mountains and sneered. White's army, now her army, was growing as she commanded more Jinn to her side. However, with her other sons, her husband, and her brother locked within the palace walls combining their power to keep them out, there was little she could do until she got inside.

She narrowed her eyes on White.

"Are you sure you are channeling your power at full strength?" It had not escaped her that White was more than a little disappointed to discover she'd twisted the truth and manipulated him centuries ago. However, Lilif was relying on his obsessive love to win him over. She thought that it had, but she was certain she wasn't feeling the full extent of his energy battering into the protection shield around Azazil's home. Still, she'd give him time. She was not yet ready to use the Seal against him. White was the son who'd always been loyal, and Lilif appreciated that loyalty. She needed it. It would hurt to lose it and then have to forcefully take it from him.

"I am, Mother," he assured her, his jaw tight with tension and anger. "But I fear we are just sitting ducks. Even with this army," he sneered as he waved his hand over the masses behind them.

"Are you really arrogant enough to believe we can win against Azazil and my brothers? Not to mention your brother?"

"Having doubts, my love?" She smirked at him but inside felt a prickle of hurt at his lack of belief in her.

"No. But if what Red told me is true about you attempting to maim Glass, you couldn't withstand a fight with the two of them. You couldn't withstand a fight with Azazil."

"I'm stronger now, thanks to your father. I have within me the power of the Seal. We just need in and then I can command Azazil and your brothers to their knees." She sighed heavily and gazed back up at the darkening sky. "However, you are right. First we need to get in.

We need more power."

"You have some of the most powerful Marids in existence in this army, including many lesser Royals you've commanded obeisance from, many of whom will be mortified to discover they were part of their Sultan's downfall when this is over."

"I don't remember you being this taxing." Lilif shot her son an irritated look. She then turned to stare at the Jinn who were guiding their natural magic to pulse against the barrier. Sparks of ember floated all around them. And yet, it wasn't enough. They needed more ...they needed ...

Lilif shot a look at White. There was one lesser Royal who wasn't there with them. One lesser Royal who, although brand new, Lilif knew from personal experience was exceptionally powerful in her own right. The thought quickly gained speed and Lilif decided she liked the idea greatly. The girl was strong and spirited and Lilif had a genuine liking for her. It would be a mark of great pride if she could talk the girl into joining her. She gestured to the army with a triumphant smile twitching her pretty lips. "Let them rest until I return."

White frowned. "Off to find more recruits?"

She shook her head. "Just one."

As White watched his mother leave, an unwelcome feeling settled over him as he deduced who she was going after. He wouldn't call that feeling guilt ... no, not quite. But whatever it was, he found himself using more of his energy to yell a warning Red's way.

***

Ari was not going to lie. An assignment in a creepy graveyard wasn't really doing it for her. She'd faced some of the most dangerous beings on the planet, and yet the graveyard freaked her out. The creaking trees, the low winter sun through their gnarled branches, the soft wind whistling unintelligible words that every now and then actually sounded like her name.

Where the hell was this Edimmu?

"A Guild Hunter on her lonesome?"

Ari spun around at the hoarse voice.

Her eyebrows rose at the sight of the Jinn lying atop a large tombstone.

Smaller than the average man, the Utukku was positioned rather casually, one knee bent, elbow cocked to support his head as he grinned at her with black, razor-sharp teeth held in place by pink and black gums. His limbs were long and thin and he had a scaly, muddy green, skin that contrasted sharply with his blinking, wide yellow eyes and the baby-fine blond hair on his head. "I am Mirza the Great." He studied his long, sharp black fingernails as if bored.

Keeping in mind Jai's advice not to play around with this little creep, Ari concentrated on the curse Trey and Jai had been helping her work on. It was deadly, meant to be used when a weapon or defensive magic was a nonissue. It was all about channeling her natural magic and using it to change small elements of the reality around her. This kind of magic was called a curse for a reason-it messed with the balance in the tiniest ways. Ari hadn't liked the sound of that but, as Jai so logically pointed out, killing with a knife or gun messed with the balance too.

Mirza had only a second to sense the strong build-up of power before Ari let it loose and guided it to her target. She felt it make contact with Mirza. The Utukku froze as though someone had hit his pause button. Narrowing her eyes and feeling the magic tug a little unpleasantly, Ari forced it to finish the job, watching with a sick feeling as black cracks appeared all over the Utukku's body, widening incrementally until, at last, they exploded into shimmering black dust.

Exhausted, Ari immediately drew the magic back inside of her, wiping a shaking hand across her sweaty forehead. She felt a dark hollowness inside, just as she'd felt when she'd killed the Qarin.

The Utukku was her second kill, and it hadn't been any easier. Truthfully, she'd be worried if the day ever came when it was.

An awesome wave of power hit Ari in the back causing her to stumble, and she whirled around, her subconscious telling her it was Asmodeus. His energy was almost as crazy impactful as Azazil's and the Jinn kings, but not quite.

But it wasn't Asmodeus who made her knees buckle and her heart jump into her throat.

Lilif.

The ancient being stood before her looking no more than a few years older than Ari. Long, dark curls fell down her back, shining in the early winter sun. She'd forgone modern dress and had styled herself in the sexy, Greek goddess look she apparently favored.

Now that Ari had time to study her energy, it was so clear it wasn't Asmodeus's. Lilif's energy was off. It pulsed in frantic, defragmented waves of emotions that suggested the Jinn was one cuckoo short of a nest. As if Ari didn't know that already.

Lilif took a tentative step toward Ari, her hand held up in petition. "Before you say anything, let me speak." Her voice was surprisingly soft, as was her gaze.

Ari stared at her silently, her head telling her to disappear into the Peripatos before her curiosity got the better of her.

"I've been inside you, Ari. I've lived in this world through you. I've seen it the way you see it. I've tried to understand why you'd want to save it. I have. I promise. And in the end, I realized that we are not so different."

"We're not?" Ari asked incredulously, surprised she'd finally found her voice.

Lilif shook her head, her curls bouncing around her shoulders. "We're not really a part of the world. The world to us, our world, happens to be the people we love. They are our world. For you, it is Jai. For me, it is my Jinn, my equals." Her eyes narrowed, darkened by her thoughts. "The Jinn should never have become mixed up in human business.

It was disastrous for us. It is disastrous for us. Look at you and that boy Charlie. What a mess he made of things for you. And yet still you saved him. Just like I saved thousands of humans in wars that killed my people."

Bitterness sharpened her features. "Humans have raped and plundered their earth, their arrogance proclaiming superiority over all other creatures. It is time to show them the truth: we are the superior beings and we are going to undo their mar upon this world."

Ari had no words. What could you say in the face of irrational insanity?

"Don't look at me that way, Ari. I know you understand my pain. I know you've seen my memories and how much I've lost. I also know you're kind and compassionate and loyal. I am not so cruel that I do not admire those characteristics. Especially in a friend. I could use a friend like you, Ari. And I promise that if you come to me, if you stand by my side and help me take down Azazil and my sons, I will protect you and your Jai. I will lead you into The After."

Trembling, Ari took a step back, preparing to leave. "It's never going to happen. Never."

"Ari-"

"Go-" Before Ari could say another word, her stomach dropped as she was lifted with invisible hands and thrown through the air. She crashed against the nearest tree, the wind knocked out of her upon impact. Her arms were spread-eagled and pinned in place. She struggled against Lilif's hold as the Jinn casually strolled toward her, her chin tilted so she could meet Ari's gaze.

Frustration and fear of being under Lilif's command tore through Ari in a scream, and she smashed through Lilif's hold on her left arm before beginning work on her right.

"Impressive," Lilif murmured.

"Exactly why I need you. I'm guessin-" She tut-tutted as Ari worked her right fingers loose. "Stop that, Ari."

"Bite me, you evil succubus," Ari growled and sent a bolt of ember out of her left hand against her right wrist.

She dropped to the ground, rolling as Jai had trained her to do. As she came back up, she sent a wave of defensive magic toward Lilif, only to have the viper blast it back and knock Ari off her feet before she could summon the Peripatos.

The wind blew harder around them as Lilif's dark eyes sparked with a terrible fire. "I command you, Ari Johnson. I command you to my army." She came to a triumphant stop at Ari's feet and stared down at her haughtily.

For a moment Ari just stared up at her, waiting for the compulsion to seize her. It didn't.

What the ...

Of course.

When Asmodeus tried to force a kiss from her using the power of the Seal, it hadn't worked.

He took hold of her left arm in a bruising grip, pulling her body into his. "How is it possible?" he breathed angrily. "How can you withstand the command of the Seal?"

"Maybe the same way you can," she countered aggressively, hating him in that moment and longing to be far, far away from him. She longed to be near Jai's comforting, protective presence.

"You had the Seal around your neck for centuries and I had it inside me for eighteen years. Go figure."

She and Asmodeus were immune to it.

Eyes bright with newfound hope, Ari rose to her feet to gaze up into Lilif's smug face. Summoning the Peripatos and feeling somewhat smug herself, Ari curled her lip in derision as the flames surrounded her. "Rot in hell."

Lilif's piercing scream caused her to flinch as her lightning-quick hand wrenched Ari out of the Peripatos.

Fear gripped her. She'd never encountered anyone who could move that quickly.

Lilif curled her fingers around Ari's throat and pulled her close. "Not so fast, granddaughter."

***

"You cannot leave," Azazil shook his head at Red.

"If Lilif goes after Ari, she might be able to use her to break the protection spell around the palace."

"Exactly," Red growled. "Which is why I have to help her."

Six of the Jinn kings, Azazil, and Asmodeus were gathered in Azazil's favorite parlor. Azazil was back to his full strength and back to making absolutely no sense.

Asmodeus crossed his arms over his chest. His mood had been black for days, and Red could only guess Lilif's return was pricking some very painful memories for her twin. "Why do I get the feeling that you are enjoying this, Your Highness?"

Red shot his father a disbelieving look. "You cannot be. Even you must realize that Lilif's return as the Seal is the greatest threat we've faced. This is not a laughing matter, Father, or something to appease your boredom."

The Sultan drew him a low-lidded, unimpressed look. "Well, of course not." And then he grinned, flashing his white teeth in amusement. "But one must admit, it is the most exciting event to happen in a long time."

Hearing Glass's groan of disbelief behind him, Red thanked Mount Qaf once again that he at least had one sane member of the family to count on. "I'm going after Ari. I can't leave her to Lilif."

Azazil took a sharp step toward him. "If you go after that girl, you are directly disobeying me."

Loyalty to his father warred with the promise he'd made to Sala to always protect Ari. If there was one thing the Red King prided himself on, it was his sense of honor. And that honor, that honor he had pledged to his father and his lover, were now at war. A quick decision had to be made and he knew whichever one it was, it would cut him in some way.

Although his stomach churned and his heart pounded as he did so, Red finally gave his father a bow of his head as he summoned the Peripatos. "Then I'm directly disobeying you."

***

Ari wheezed for air as Lilif straddled her, pinning her to the ground as she squeezed her hand around Ari's throat. Determined not to go down without a fight, Ari threw her hand up and smacked the heel of her palm against Lilif's nose. The crack was almost silenced by Lilif's furious shriek. Her grip on Ari loosened and Ari blasted the witch with her defensive ember, knocking her off. She was clambering to her own feet when Lilif forced her back onto her ass, an ice-cold enchantment crawling up Ari's legs and prickling painfully into her skin, trying to wedge itself into her blood.

Ari imagined the sun growing closer and brighter and hotter and the ice enchantment melted into oblivion. Her victory was cut short as Lilif pounced on her again like an enraged cat, her claws out as she slashed at Ari's face.

And then suddenly, she was flying over Ari's head as if a gust of wind had blown her off.

Ari sat up, fear lodged in her throat. Not a gust of wind.

It was Red.

What the hell was he doing here?

NO!

She whipped around in time to see Lilif rise to her feet and adjust her dress. A shocked but pleased smile widened her mouth. "I never realized you were such a fool, Son."

Red, get out of here!

Red shook his head, his bright hair swinging across his back. He looked every inch the badass as he strode casually toward his mother. "Ari is under my protection."

"Oh, really." Lilif's eyes flashed dangerously, as though she did not like that one bit. Ari remembered that the Sultana had never really been keen on her sons showing affection to anyone who wasn't her. "Is her life worth yours?" The air around Lilif changed in a way Ari recognized, the colors of her growing more vivid. She was drawing on the Seal.

Not knowing what possessed her to do so, other than the instinct to protect her uncle, Ari jumped from the grass and as Lilif uttered the words, "I command you-", Ari launched herself at Red, her magic flaring around them like a shield. She felt the command meant for Red bounce right off.

For a second she lay on top of her uncle, staring into his astonished eyes.

"What just-"

Go!

Ari demanded. I can handle her. I'm immune to the Seal.

Realization dawned in his eyes and with a reluctant nod, he disappeared. Ari smacked into the ground with a painful grunt.

"You do realize that I will have to kill you now," Lilif hissed, and Ari flipped over to find the wench striding casually toward her. "Not only are you immune to the Seal but you can protect others from it. I am-how is it you young people say today?-pissed.

Despite what you think, I do not like to kill my own people. You're forcing me to this."

Knowing Lilif was no longer playing and that whatever was coming next would be the end of her, Ari drew everything she had left and expelled her curse magic, guiding it toward Lilif. Somewhere in the space between them, it hit a wall.

That wall was Lilif's magic.

Sparks of ember shot out of the point of impact as sweat rolled down Ari's forehead. Her arms and legs shook with the effort to maintain the force of the attack, and to Ari's utter delight, Lilif's face began to grow strained. She saw confusion and uncertainty flicker in the Ifrit's eyes and Ari decided to play on it. Sometimes, when the physical left you, all you had was the psychological, and sometimes, especially on psychos, it was a better defense than any.

Did you really think this would be easy? she asked Lilif with a quiet confidence. The Sultana flinched. I'm the daughter of a Jinn king. If I go down, I'm taking you with me.

As her muscles screamed and her blood caught fire with the pain of the fight, Ari could only hope the Ifrit bought her bluff.

With a howl of outrage, and a warning that it wasn't over between them, flames surrounded Lilif and she disappeared into the Peripatos, leaving Ari a panting mess on the mulch.

"Guess she bought it," she puffed out, rolling inelegantly onto her knees. She stood, reaching for a tree to catch her before she fell and felt eyes on her. She darted a look over her shoulder.

She froze at the sight of an old maintenance guy. His expression was curious rather than horrified, so she was guessing he hadn't caught the battle between her and crazy succubus bitch.

Instead his wrinkled eyes darted over her appearance. Ari glanced down at the mud and grass all over her.

"You all right there?" he asked quietly.

With a sigh, Ari gave him a weak wave. "Just doing some yoga." And limping-from a yoga injury, of course-she attempted to hurry away from him, coming to a stop when he was finally out of sight. Nausea rolled over her as she exerted more energy to summon the Peripatos, but Ari persevered and let the welcome flames take her home.

She collapsed as soon as she reached Michael Creagh's study, Michael's curse filling the office seconds before he shouted to Caroline and Fallon for help.

His strong arms lifted Ari into an armchair, his dark eyes roaming her face in deep concern. "What happened?" he asked anxiously.

The door slammed open and Fallon and Caroline hurried in. Caroline took in Ari's appearance and immediately, her lips pinched together. "What the hell happened?"

Fallon gave her a sympathetic once-over.

"Dude, you look like crap."

Ignoring Fallon's comment, Ari related the events of the last hour (it had felt like a century) and watched the color leach from their faces.

Fallon glanced at her father, her eyes searching his for an answer. "What does this mean?"

When he didn't answer, and Ari suspected he'd already clued in, Ari sat up straight, wincing at the pain emanating from every part of her body. "It means," she drew in a deep breath, trying to ignore the sick, churning feeling in her gut, "it means I'm in this again. Lilif knows I can withstand her command and protect those around me from it. She also knows, or at least thinks, I can't be taken out easily. She'll be gunning for me, make no mistake, and since I'm one of only two people who can withstand her command ..." Ari let her head flop against the armchair as her eyes hardened with the thought of the task ahead, "I'm going to have to be gunning for her first."

14

An Old Street, NewSidewalk

Lilif had summoned White away from the noise of their attacking army to the eerie quiet of his palace in Zubair. She sat across from him, her fingers tapping slowly against the arm of his square-cut, straight-edged black chair. It was made of cool glass, a coolness only matched by his mother's appearance. For once she wasn't pacing back in forth with a disturbing frenetic energy.

The White King found her contemplative mood perhaps even more alarming. It was much too like him ... much too like him when he had a dangerous but intelligent strategy brewing.

"Your business did not go well, then?"

Lilif looked up at him, face blank.

"I went to recruit your daughter and she was unmoved by my promise to keep her and her Ginnaye safe once The After claims us."

White had not expected anything less. "Is she still alive?" he asked with affected boredom.

She nodded tightly. "For now. You created a strong daughter." She quietly told him what had occurred in the graveyard and White felt a strange feeling wash over him.

Was it pride? For Ari?

No, he scoffed inwardly at the thought and turned back to his mother. "What now, then? It is obvious we are not going to get into the palace."

"I know." Lilif lifted her dark eyes to his. "We must force Azazil to us."

"And how can we accomplish that? We cannot use the Seal against him until he is within your grasp."

She rose casually, her fingers trailing along the edges of the items in his room. She did that a lot. As though she needed a reminder that she now had a tangible connection to the world again. "When Ari asked her favor of Azazil, his power would've left a signature on those affected by the change. Of course, there will have been many affected by the change, but there will be one or two in particular whose destinies were the focus of the change. The signature left on them will be particularly hefty."

White froze, instantly understanding where his mother was going with this.

It was true that when Azazil changed a destiny, the person whose destiny he changed was left with a trail of Azazil's power in their blood for a number of months after. Blood was a powerful element in enchantments, especially for tracking or drawing a being to you. If Lilif got her hand on someone who had enough of Azazil's power in their blood, she could use it to pull Azazil through the Peripatos to her.

As soon as he realized this was her intent, White began telepathing their conversation to his brother.

"Do you know whose blood might be particularly affected?"

White gazed at her dispassionately, as though he cared not a whit. In truth he didn't care for the boy he was about to turn into a target, but he cared about their world, which made protecting the boy important.

Get to Charlie now, he told Red, his gaze still blank. Lilif is after his blood.

"Well?" she asked somewhat impatiently.

His blood?

Red asked impatiently. Why?

He shrugged. "It could be a number of people," he said, attempting to stall her.

"Names, Son, I want names."

To pull Father to her, of course, he snapped at Red. Just do it!

"This could be a complete waste of time."

I'll contact Ari at once, Red assured him.

She took a step toward him, a small smile playing on her lips as she reached up to brush her fingers down his cheek. "Give me a name, White ... or you will force me to do something I will truly regret."

He flashed her a look to tell her he wasn't afraid of her. She smirked, patting his cheek affectionately, urging him to speak. "Charlie Creagh," he told her stonily. "A human called Charlie Creagh."

"Ah, yes. The boy. That destructive little ingrate. I find it rather poetic after all the trouble he's caused that his blood, his death, will have a hand in aiding us. Is he back in Ohio?"

White shrugged. "How would I know?"

"You're a Jinn king. You are all-knowing."

And with a grunt, White nodded.

"I'll have Rabir look into it."

***

When Jai returned from taking down the Labartu, he'd been outraged to discover Ari had come up against Lilif without anyone there to protect her, and that when Red did turn up, Ari had put his life before hers.

Jai understood Ari had done the right thing, but hell ... he'd told her not to go off alone. And did she listen?

No. Stubborn didn't even cover it. He'd barely had a chance to check her for injuries, to get the full story out of her, before the Red King showed up and warned them that Lilif was going after Charlie. His warning was quick as he had to return to his father and brothers, but from what Jai could make out, apparently Charlie had traces of Azazil's power in his blood-like a signature.

And Lilif was going to use that signature to draw Azazil to her.

Michael had just been asking how the hell Red knew this when the Jinn king disappeared, throwing one last look of concern in Ari's direction.

Blowing Jai's mind with her utter strength and determination, Ari rose from her seat as though she wasn't completely exhausted. "We have to take him and his family somewhere to protect them."

Staring into her concerned and weary eyes, Jai wished they could be allowed a moment, just a moment, to take a breath before having to jump into the next disaster. Ari had just battled Lilif-not exactly a stroll in the park. "Ari, we'll take care of it. You need to rest."

She gave him a soft, sad smile.

"Jai, there isn't time to rest. This isn't just about Charlie. Lilif may be targeting him, but there are other people affected by the change, most prominently Derek and Fallon, and Lilif might come after them if she can't get to Charlie. If Fallon is a target, then the entire Roe Guild is."

Understanding the magnitude of what Ari was saying, Jai turned with a heavy heart to Michael. The Guild Hunter had been nothing but supportive and loyal to them, and they'd brought him nothing but upheaval and danger. "Michael," Jai shook his head, not even knowing where to start, "I'm sorry, but Ari's right."

Michael waved him off with an impatient grunt. "Don't. I see the guilt in your eyes and I don't like it. We are Jinn, and we are Hunters. We face danger every day. You didn't bring this upon us, it was thrust upon us."

Fallon, who'd been unusually quiet, suddenly sat up from her armchair, her cute nose wrinkled in consternation.

"Would someone like to catch me up? I'm totally confused."

Michael gave his daughter a tender but worried look. "The Guild needs to scatter to our safe houses." He turned back to Jai. "We have them all over."

Ari stepped toward their Guild leader. "I suggest we keep Fallon and Charlie together, which means Jai, Trey, and I will be with your family, Michael. Where's your safe house?"

"Bridge of Allan. It's a small village in Scotland."

Ari raised an eyebrow and gave a half smile, affection warming in Jai's eyes. She was excited at the prospect of going to Scotland, even under the dire circumstances. "Scotland. Cool." She nodded. "Okay, here's the plan: Jai, you'll accompany Michael, Fallon, and Caroline on-"

"And Gerard and Megan," Michael interrupted. "My brother and his wife share the safe house."

"Okay, Jai, you'll accompany all of the above on the flight to Scotland since they don't have access to the Peripatos, and I'm the only one who can take someone with me into it. Trey," Ari spun around and gave him an apologetic smile, "you're coming with me to convince Charlie and his family they need our help."

So far, Jai wasn't liking the plan, mostly because it meant he and Ari would be separated for twenty-four hours. "I'll come with you. Trey can accompany the Roes."

"Baby," Ari sighed, "not to be mean or anything, but you aren't as charming as Trey."

Trey's grin widened and Jai squinted in warning before he could say anything cocky.

"I mean, you are charming ..." Her lips twitched. "But only ever to me."

Fallon coughed in an obvious attempt to mask her laughter.

"Trey will be better at helping me convince Charlie. You might just-"

"Scare the crap out of them?" Trey offered.

"Yes."

Scare the crap out of them? Jai glowered. He would never scare the crap out of them. He could be a pretty friendly guy when he needed to be.

"That, right there," Fallon made a motion with her palm toward his face, "that's the glower that will scare the crap out of them."

He looked to Michael for backup and found him hiding a smile as he shuffled "paperwork." Jai gave in. "Fine. Trey with you, me with them."

Ari nodded militantly and shot a questioning look Michael's way. "Can we get some protection enchantments put up around Derek? I don't think they'll go after him, but just in case?"

Michael nodded, his eyes glimmering with more amusement as he watched Ari take complete control of the situation.

He seemed proud of her, not at all insulted by her ousting him from leadership.

Frankly, Jai was proud of her too.

And on a far more intimate level, he was finding Ari in take-charge mode incredibly hot. He buried that thought, realizing now was definitely not the time.

"I'll put the call out to the Guild, get them moving to safe houses, and asking those on assignment to pull out and go to their nearest safe house," Fallon offered.

The five of them looked at each other and then Ari clapped her hands, trying to force away her exhaustion.

"Let's do this."

After handing Ari the address to the Scottish safe house, Michael left the room with a "be careful" thrown their way. Fallon followed him out. Jai caught Trey's eyes. Give us a minute?

Trey nodded. "I'll be outside, Ari.

Whenever you're ready."

She gave him a grateful smile and as soon as the door closed, she rushed into Jai's arms. He leaned his chin on her head and stroked her back, thinking how much he loved the way she nuzzled her face into his throat when they embraced. "You're going to be careful," he told her, unable to keep the command out of his voice. When he was worried, it translated to bossy. He couldn't help it. And right now, with his heart slamming against his chest, Ari had to know how worried he was.

"I will be," she promised and then raised her head. "I better go. We can't lose any more time."

Before he got too overbearing and demanded she not do this, Jai pressed a hard kiss to her mouth, one that she instantly melted into. His kiss softened and he held her face in his hands.

When they finally pulled back, they were both a little breathless. "I'll be checking in on the trace," he reminded her of the trace he'd put on her with his kiss, "making sure you're all right.

If I think you need me, I'll be there."

"You have to take care of the Roes first and foremost," Ari shook her head.

"I will protect them," he told her gravely, "but if it comes down to choosing ..." He grimaced as he realized how awful that sounded. However, Ari seemed to understand. She gave him a tender look followed by another kiss.

"I love you," she whispered.

Emotion choked him and he held her tight for an extra second. "I love you more."

She grinned and gave a tiny shake of her head. "Not possible."

And before he could say anything else, she disappeared out the door.

***

"You okay?" Trey asked quietly as they stood on the Creaghs' porch and waited for someone to open the door.

Ari shook her head. No, she was far from okay. She was still feeling as though her muscles were made of jelly since her showdown with Lilif. And she was so close to upchucking at the thought of seeing Charlie again, it was embarrassing.

"Maybe-"

Whatever her friend was about to say was cut off by the sound of the door opening. They stepped back as the screen door pushed outward. Standing before them, a quizzical smile on her face, was Mrs. Creagh. She looked a million times better than the last time Ari had seen her when she'd called her out for being a sucky mom to Charlie. Ari was grateful the words had penetrated. Not that it'd done much good for Mrs. Creagh since Charlie had promptly disappeared.

Mrs. Creagh was a pretty woman but the death of her youngest son had aged her. Now that the reality was changed, Ari was happy to find Charlie's mom looking healthy and young for her age.

"Can I help you?" she asked, stepping out toward them as she dried her hands on a dishtowel.

Ari swallowed, hoping this wasn't about to get ugly. "Mrs. Creagh, my name is Ari-" she cut off, realizing she wasn't Ari Johnson anymore. In this reality, Derek had never been a father to her. She scrambled trying to think of a surname. "Ari Redglass," she finished, her cheeks flushing at the sound of Trey swallowing a chuckle. What? she snapped at him. There's no way I'm calling myself Ari White. I wouldn't give the bastard the satisfaction.

Trey chuckled in her head, I didn't say a word. I think it's cute, really.

She ignored him and forged ahead with the plan. "This is Trey Harman. We're friends of Charlie's. Colleagues."

Now why did she add that? Idiot!

Mrs. Creagh frowned. "You work with

Charlie at Breicher's?" She eyed them both and smiled.

Ari attempted to control her reaction to the news that Charlie worked at Breicher's. It was the local mechanics. Remembering the conversation she'd overheard between the Creaghs earlier, she wondered if Charlie had dropped out of college to help his mom, or if he was, as she hoped, only working part time while going to school. "Right. Trey is the new mechanic and I'm the receptionist."

"May is the receptionist at Breicher's."

"Yup, but she's training me to take over."

You are really bad at this, Trey sighed. He took a step toward Mrs. Creagh, and gave her his little head tilt and grin. She was instantly transfixed by his dazzling good looks. "Mrs. Creagh, we don't work with Charlie, but we do know him, and he's in trouble. Is he home so we can all discuss it?"

She stared at him a moment too long and then flicked her eyes back to Ari, clearly wary since Ari had fumbled with a lie but on the fence because of their innocent appearance. "Trouble how?"

"Mom, who is it?" Charlie's familiar voice floated out from the house and then suddenly, he was there.

He stood behind his mom, eyes narrowed on Trey before they flicked to Ari, then back to Trey, and then quickly back to Ari. As he looked at her, Ari felt the hair on the back of her neck prickle. Charlie looked even better up close. If their lives had been different ... she shook the thought, trying not to stare back when he was so blatantly checking her out.

"They said they know you. That you're in trouble," Mrs. Creagh drew his attention back to her.

He shook his head, glancing at Trey and then turning back to Ari with his penetrating gaze. "I don't know them."

"Please, Charlie," Ari took a step toward him and she watched his brow pucker at her familiarity with him. "You don't remember me but I know you. I really need to talk to you."

"I don't remember you." His dark eyes traveled down the length of her before returning to her face. "And I'd definitely remember you."

"What's the holdup?" Another voice joined the fray, and Mikey suddenly appeared at his brother's shoulders. "Mom, you said dinner was almost ready." He shot a look at Trey and then turned to Ari, his eyes widening with interest a second before they clouded over with confusion. "Hey, I know you."

She jerked back in surprise as Charlie and Mrs. Creagh turned to him in unison. "You do?"

Mikey nodded, frowning now. "Dude, how do I know you?"

At the sight of him up close and all grown up, memories flooded her of their childhood together and how much she'd loved him. It had broken her heart when he died. Tears clouded her vision and her voice shook as she replied in a whisper, "From another life."

Trey instantly gripped her hand to offer comfort, and Mrs. Creagh's expression grew concerned at the sight of Ari's tears.

"Perhaps you two should come in," she suggested quietly. Ari and Trey followed the threesome inside, trailing on the tails of their curiosity.

When they were all standing in the Creaghs' living room, Ari took a moment to gaze sincerely into each of their eyes before she began. "What I'm going to tell you is going to sound crazy. You're going to want to throw me out of your house. But you can't ... although this will seem outrageous, it's also the truth."

"Why are the hot ones always crazy?" Charlie muttered.

"Charlie Creagh," his mother admonished. He shrugged back at her.

Ari decided not to react to his comment. It made sense that this Charlie would find her attractive since the other Charlie had. What he found appealing wouldn't have fundamentally changed.

Still, not the time. Not that there would ever be a time for Charlie to find her hot.

"Okay." She drew in a deep breath and told them her story. Their story.

Silence filled the room when she finished. Charlie's face darkened. "Are you shitting me with this? How dare you! The death of a sibling is not some funny little 'bit' for whatever sick prank this is."

"Charlie!" Mrs. Creagh cried. "This is all very strange but that's no excuse to use that language in front of your little brother."

"Get out," Charlie ignored his mother's rebuke and glared at Ari. "We don't do crazy people in this house. The last crazy person got kicked to the curb and now he doesn't pay child support on time. Get out." He gestured to the door and Trey immediately stepped in front of Ari, protecting her. It didn't faze Charlie at all. "Man, I will seriously kick your ass."

"Wait," Mikey held up a hand to stop Charlie, his face pale, his fingers shaking. Everyone stopped and turned to him but his eyes were on Ari. "She's really familiar, Charlie. I feel like I know her."

He rolled his eyes. "Stop playing, Mikey."

"I'm not playing!" he shouted, sounding scared. "Dude, I know her."

"We need to hurry this up," Trey sighed and with a crackle of energy Ari now found familiar, Trey held up his hands and let the ember dance out of his fingertips.

The Creaghs stepped back, amazement on their faces.

"What. The. Eff," Mikey murmured, eyes huge.

"We are Jinn," Trey informed them solemnly. "What Ari told you is the truth, and now one of the most powerful Jinn in history is after Charlie. We don't have time to make you believe us. We need to go. We need to-"

Fire exploded around the room. Ari and Trey immediately put themselves between the attackers and the Creaghs.

"Stay back!" Ari shouted at them.

She set her shoulders in determination as the two Marids came at them.

15

Who We Used to Be

"That cut on your forehead should be healing quicker than it is," Trey murmured in concern, his fingers gently brushing the skin around it.

Ari gave him a weak shrug. "It's because I'm absolutely exhausted." First she'd killed an Utukku, then she'd fought with Lilif, and then she'd fought with Marids, and then she'd expelled what tiny amount of magical energy she had left transferring everyone through the Peripatos one at a time. Exhausted didn't cover it.

Her friend did not look pleased.

His eyes shifted over her anxiously, stopping at her arms. His lips pinched together for a moment before he said, "Those scratches should be gone too."

"Again, so sorry," Mrs. Creagh murmured from behind them.

They turned to look at the Creaghs.

Mrs. Creagh and Mikey sat close on the large leather sofa in the spacious townhouse. Charlie sat on the couch's arm. Trey and Ari had had a difficult fight with the stubborn Marids. They'd tried to finish the ordeal with as little bloodshed as possible. Still, with magic firing around the Creaghs' living room, Mrs. Creagh and Mikey had huddled behind Charlie who guarded them with a look of horror on his face. The Creaghs' astonishment was understandable. They'd just witnessed the otherworldly power of Ari and Trey explode in a glittering display of the cool black dust curse.

"Believe me now?" Ari had asked, ignoring the bead of sweat rolling down her face and the multiple stitches in her ribs from dodging magical blows.

All three of them had nodded in mute shock.

Getting them to agree to go through the Peripatos hadn't been easy. Mrs. Creagh, protecting her sons, had gone first, clawing Ari's arms in terror.

Charlie got up slowly and wandered to the huge bay window at the front of the house. He stared out onto the quiet street. Neighboring houses of varying sizes looked pretty old, some even gothic. Quaint, but elegant. "I can't believe we're in Scotland." He glanced back at Ari. "Want to run everything by me one more time?"

"I think maybe Ari should sleep."

Trey shook his head.

"No," Ari replied. "They need to know what's happening. I've been where they are and it is not fun." She hobbled to an armchair and Trey, realizing she wasn't going to listen to his advice, sat down on the one opposite. Charlie crossed the room to sit with his family and listen as Ari reiterated the tale, this time giving them even more information than she had before.

When she was done, Charlie looked at his mother and brother. "I don't remember any of this."

Mikey shrugged. "I don't remember, either. I just know when I look at Ari, I get this weird sense of deja vu." He jerked his head around to her, his eyes wide. "I was really dead?"

Mrs. Creagh grabbed his hand and squeezed it tight.

Ari felt the tears prick her eyes but she held them back, nodding solemnly to Mikey.

"And I went crazy because of it?"

Charlie asked softly.

"You blamed yourself at first

because you were driving, but when you found out it was a Jinn, you wanted revenge."

"So I became a sorcerer?" His cheeks paled. "Did I just say that? I sound like a f**king mental case."

"Charlie," Mrs. Creagh drew in her breath. "Show me some respect, please."

"I think if ever there was a time when I could get away with cursing, it's now, Mother. I just found out in another reality I destroyed lives to get vengeance for the death of my little brother."

"If it makes you feel any better, I like you a lot more now." Mikey grinned. Charlie rolled his eyes.

"None of that matters now, as long as past mistakes aren't repeated," Ari warned. "What matters at the moment is you're a target and we're trying to protect you. The Guild I told you about, the Roes, they'll be here soon to take over your protection. Once they're here, I can head to Mount Qaf and see about ending this so you can go back to your lives."

"Go back to our lives?" Mrs. Creagh scoffed. "How do we go back to our lives knowing that all this exists?"

Ari shrugged. "You just do. Not a great answer, I know, but an honest one."

"And now it's time for Ari to sleep." Trey waved a hand at the door indicating the staircase that would lead her to a bedroom.

Deciding he was definitely right, Ari nodded and limped her way to a bed. She instantly passed out.

***

After sleeping for a couple of hours, Ari woke to discover the scratches on her arms and the cut on her forehead healed. Feeling more energized, she wandered through the drafty old townhouse, listening for voices. It was getting dark outside so she wasn't sure if the others had gone to bed. As she took the stairs, she heard Mrs. Creagh and Mikey talking in the sitting room. She gave them a wave as she passed and headed into the kitchen to look for provisions. There was nothing.

Hmm. She wondered if Trey had fed the Creaghs. With a sigh, she imagined some of the food she knew was in their house back in Burlington and with a crackle in the air, it appeared on the large oak kitchen table.

"Wow. I don't know if I'll ever get used to that."

Charlie's voice brought her head up. He stood in the doorway wearing a hoodie she recognized as Trey's. He'd obviously conjured it from their house and given it to a cold Charlie. It was winter in Scotland, after all, and it was freaking freezing. Ari decided to check out the heating issue after she'd eaten. She waved at the food. "Hungry?"

He shook his head and took a step toward her. "Trey already fed us."

"Good." She smiled, feeling more than a little uncomfortable around this Charlie, and she slipped into a seat.

"Do you mind if I eat?"

"Not at all." He took the seat opposite her, obviously not as uncomfortable as she was.

She bit into a granola bar and popped open a soda, feeling his dark, warm eyes on her. She glanced up at him from under her lashes and froze at the small smile on his lips. Ari swallowed some chewy fruit and nut. "What?"

"A few hours ago I watched you and your friend decimate two big guys, and then I was pulled through this really fast wind tunnel from my home in Ohio to Scotland. And now you're sitting at a table, eating a granola bar like you're a normal person."

Ari snorted. "I am a normal person."

"You're the daughter of a Jinn king.

You're a girl from a Disney movie."

Ari laughed. "Okay, I was a normal person."

Charlie smiled and continued to watch her eat. Ari had just picked up a bag of chips when he asked, "What was I like? Before? Or in the other ... man, this is too weird." He sat back, running a hand through his hair.

She sighed heavily and dropped the chips. "This is quite possibly the weirdest situation that anyone will ever be in, ever, so if you're having difficulty computing it after only finding out about it, oh, six hours ago, that's okay. No one is expecting you to just get it. In fact, I'm pretty impressed by how calm you've all been."

"We were provided irrefutable evidence that this is real. We either accept it or ignore it. I'm not a fan of ignoring it."

Ari cocked her head with a soft smile. "You sound like the old Charlie. You are, I guess."

"Was I so different after Mikey ...?"

Ari leaned toward him. "Charlie, whatever happens, don't become a part of this world. It's not meant for humans.

It destroyed you. Watching it destroy you was the hardest thing I've ever done."

He shook his head slowly, his eyes fixed on hers. "You look at me with such affection and familiarity. It should freak me out but ... I think I like it. You must have really cared about me to do something so huge with such massive consequences, to save me and my family."

"You were my oldest and best friend. I would have died for you. I still would."

"You're amazing," he breathed, his expression turning warm. "I can totally see us becoming best friends again."

Ari chuckled, trying not to blush at the way he looked at her.

"This is going to sound like a total pickup line, but you have the most extraordinary eyes I've ever seen. I bet you get that a lot."

"They're weird eyes," Ari shrugged.

"People notice."

"Not weird. Beautiful. You are beautiful."

"Glad you got that out of your system now," Trey wandered into the kitchen, shooting Charlie a droll look. "I wouldn't repeat it unless you want her boyfriend to turn you into some kid's Buzz Lightyear figurine."

Ari's skin burned, not only from Charlie's very smooth come-on but also from Trey overhearing it. It grew even hotter when Charlie shot her a disappointed look. "Boyfriend?"

She nodded. "Jai."

Charlie frowned. "So you and I never ... I could've sworn there was something ... we never ... ever?"

And in that moment, Ari quickly decided it was for the best if she lied. It would make it easier for everyone, especially Fallon, if new Charlie didn't get any ideas in his head about his old relationship with a girl he found attractive. She shot Trey a quelling look before turning back to Charlie. "No, we were always just friends. Remember I told you that you dated Fallon, one of the Roes."

He nodded, but his expression was a little tense. "The Guild Hunter I inadvertently had killed. Is she ... mad about that?"

Ari shook her head. "No. She was there because she cared about you. She doesn't blame you."

"So this Fallon chick ... she's cool?"

"Very."

Charlie looked up at Trey. "She hot?"

Trey grinned. "Very."

"I could work with that."

Ari glared at him. New Charlie was like old Charlie-charming and irreverent. That wasn't going to cut it in this situation. Things were far too delicate. "Here's a heads-up ... in our reality, Fallon cared a great deal for you and she was murdered in her attempt to help you. Because she's Jinn, she remembers that reality and was more than a little cut up to hear you don't remember her anymore. Tread very carefully with her, please. I don't want her hurt more than she already is."

He held up a placating hand. "I'm sorry. I'm just ... still computing. But I'll tread carefully."

The sound of a key turning in the front door shot them all to their feet. Trey and Ari took the lead, hurrying into the hallway as one of the large double doors blew open. In stepped a travel-weary Michael, followed by Caroline, Gerard, Megan, Fallon, and Jai trailing at the back.

Fallon's eyes immediately sought the space behind Ari, and as they locked onto Charlie, they widened, so many emotions flickering through them, it was difficult to pinpoint exactly what she was feeling. Ari would just go with ... a lot.

She smiled reassuringly at Fallon and was just about to shoot Jai a welcome grin when her shoulders hunched up at the appreciative murmur behind her, "Tell me that's her. If so alternate Charlie had good taste."

16

You'll Take a Piece of Me with You

"I'm Fallon."

Ari watched, impressed, as Fallon held a hand out to Charlie. Although her eyes were burning with curiosity and questions, her fingers didn't tremble once. She was steady as a rock. She had always been impressively self-possessed, but Ari still noted that subdued quality to her that hadn't existed before. She wasn't sure if she liked it.

The group introduced themselves to the Creaghs, Jai clapped Trey on the back in greeting, and then hugged Ari close. They moved into the sitting room and now everyone's attention was on this weird reunion of sorts.

Charlie's eyes glittered with a surprising amount of good humor and interest as he reached to shake Fallon's hand. As they held onto one another, Fallon took another step closer to him and narrowed her eyes. After at least half of minute of intense scrutiny, she whispered regretfully, "You're not him."

Charlie frowned and shot Ari a quizzical look. She sighed, squeezing Jai's hand in hers. Of course Fallon would be freaked out by this Charlie. She, unlike Ari, had never known this Charlie. This was the Charlie Ari had loved. Brooding, vengeful, intense Charlie was the young man Fallon had loved. He was nowhere in sight.

Fallon's expression fell and she quickly stepped back against her mom. Caroline wrapped her arms loosely around her in comfort and protection.

As if he knew he'd somehow disappointed her, Charlie ran a hand through his hair. "Sorry," he mumbled.

"No tattoo," Fallon muttered, her eyes still on him.

At that, Charlie raised an eyebrow and curled his lip. "I had a tattoo? I hate tattoos."

"You had the word 'justice' written in Arabic around your wrist," Ari explained.

Charlie made a face. "I sound pretty tortured."

"Yeah, you do. Dude, you love me a lot," Mikey teased. Ari couldn't help but giggle. It reminded her of old times.

Throwing his brother an unamused look, Charlie retorted, "I was obviously bored without your incessant pain-in-the-assery in my life."

"Pain in the assery?" Mikey nodded.

"I like that. I'm using that."

"You can't use that. If I impart any wisdom in this life, it's 'be original.'"

"Well, considering your history, I would've gone with 'stay away from suppressants and sorcerers.'"

Ari sucked in her breath as everyone stiffened at the crack.

Mikey raised an eyebrow. "What? Too soon?"

Lips twitching, Charlie turned back to Ari. "You sure I went on a rampage because of this guy?"

Ari burst out laughing, all the fear and anxiety melting away for just a second. Everyone stared at her like she was nuts. Charlie asked, a small smile playing on his lips, "What? What is it?"

Her eyes flickered between Mikey and him and she shook her head, her eyes shimmering with tears. "Everything was worth it. To hear you two bickering again." She turned to Jai and squeezed his hand. "It was so worth it. Does that make me an awful person?"

Jai shook his head, his expression serious. "Never." He tugged on her hand and spoke to the others as he led her out of the living room. "Ari and I are just taking a minute."

Worried that Jai's sudden need for privacy meant something else had happened, Ari's heart raced as she hurried up the stairs after him. She followed him into one of the smaller back bedrooms and watched with trepidation as he carefully closed the door behind them. He turned to her with a determined expression on his face. "What's goi-"

The question was swallowed in his kiss as he pulled her into his arms and crushed her mouth under his, his hands tangling in her hair.

Her surprise quickly burned away with his heat, and she wrapped her arms around him, melting into the desperate, intoxicating kiss. When he finally let her up for air, he gazed into her face with hooded eyes, brushing his thumb tenderly over her swollen mouth. "I just really needed to do that."

Oh.

A slow, delighted smile spread across her face and his beautiful eyes brightened at the sight of it. "Well, you know any time you get that urge, just go for it. I'm willing to accommodate."

He grinned. "Good to know."

She rested her head against his chest and sighed, enjoying this moment of peace since it was only going to last for another few minutes.

Feeling Jai's fingers brush through her hair melted her even more, and she longed for the day when this was the kind of moment that wasn't stolen.

"Did you get any sleep?" he asked quietly.

She nodded. "Trey made me."

"I knew I was friends with him for a reason."

She smiled and reached up to press a kiss to his throat. "I have to go."

Jai's arms tightened. "I want to come with you."

"You know I need you here protecting them."

"And who's going to protect you?"

Tilting her head back to meet his eyes, Ari gave him a cocky smile. "I don't know if you know this, but I'm pretty kick-ass now."

He nodded casually. "There's a rumor to that effect floating around the Jinn world." He smiled a little but Ari could still see the concern-maybe even fear-hiding in the back of his eyes.

She smoothed her hands down his chest in a comforting gesture. "I promise you that I am going to get out of this alive. I promise."

"You have to." The desperate emotion in his eyes gripped her heart. "I need you to for the both of us. If ...if something happens to you, if I have to live my life without you, I'm afraid of what will happen to me. I'm afraid I'll get bitter and angry like my dad. Or worse ... destroy everything that touches me like Charlie did."

The air was sucked out of her at his declaration, and her fingers unconsciously curled into his shirt. The immensity of the responsibility he was putting on her shoulders might have made a lesser person panic. Or at least a person who didn't love him back just as much. Instead she cradled what he'd said in her chest next to her pounding heart and offered it protection with fierce determination.

"I'm coming back." She tugged him closer, their faces almost touching. "I'm coming back to you. I will always come back to you."

***

After their private and very epic goodbye, Ari let the Roes and the Creaghs know she was preparing to leave for Mount Qaf. Rather than cracking an inappropriate joke like she would have done before, Fallon gravely hugged Ari and wished her luck. After more hugging, Ari took Jai's hand to combine their energy. She needed to telepath to Red in Mount Qaf and that could take it out of a person. Ari needed to keep all of her strength for whatever was coming next.

Red, I need you to bring me to Mount Qaf! she shouted, hoping he could hear her.

Ari, I can't leave here unless it's extremely important, he answered impatiently.

I know how to take down Lilif.

In an instant, fire exploded in the room and Mrs. Creagh yelled out, her two boys cursing. The Red King stepped out of the Peripatos and eyed Charlie who looked at Red like he was a god among men.

In a way, Ari guessed he was.

"You've found him. Good." Red turned back to Ari. "I think I know what you're planning and I don't know if I like it."

"I know I don't," Jai murmured.

"Red," Ari sighed heavily. "You know this is the only way."

He held out his hand. "Let's go."

With one last glance around the room and one last long look into Jai's eyes, Ari took her uncle's hand and let him whip her through the unbelievable roller coaster ride to Mount Qaf.

Thankfully, Ari had become used to the sensation of traveling the Peripatos, so much so that even the more exhilarating ride to another realm didn't affect her like it used to. She stepped out with grace and attempted to keep her face expressionless, even though she'd never before been hit by a more powerful wave of magic.

Sitting in a large, thronelike chair by the fireplace in an elaborate parlor, Azazil alone emanated enough power to make a human stumble back. Sitting in a room with his six sons-Red, Glass, Lucky, Gilder, Shadow, and Gleaming-and with Asmodeus standing by his side, the feeling was almost crushing on her chest. It took her a moment to get used to the thickened air. She checked out the two Jinn kings she'd never met.

From the description Charlie had given her from his very limited time spent in the Gilder King's presence, Ari knew the tallest of the kings with the long golden hair was Gilder. His energy, in particular, pulsated with power. Ari was fascinated by his hair-each strand looked like real spun gold. He eyed her dispassionately and she felt a shiver ripple down her spine. Charlie had also told her Gilder thought she should have been eliminated in order to save all of the fuss. She was guessing after everything that happened in the last few days, his opinion had not wavered.

The other king who drew her gaze was the Lucky King. Despite the optimism of his name, the balding, handsome, and very young-looking king wore an expression so dour, Ari almost flinched when he lifted his wounded eyes to her.

What a depressed-looking soul he was.

"Ari, aren't you brave," Azazil murmured, bestowing a saccharine smile upon her. "My sons aren't particularly happy they're holed up in my palace in hiding from their mother. It goes against their natures to hide, you see, and they just so happen to blame this entire fiasco on you."

Ari gulped and quickly glanced at them all, her eyes flicking away from Asmodeus's dark expression. "You were the one who said yes."

There was a moment of silence and then Azazil threw his head back in laughter, his white silky hair shimmering around his shoulders. His eyes glittered as they came back to her face. "Oh, I am glad you've developed some bite since the first time we met."

"Being a pawn in a Jinn Sultan's game will do that to a person."

"Ari," Red warned her under his breath.

However, Azazil waved off her comment. "Yes, yes. We have all played a part in the realization of this situation we find ourselves in. I said my sons blame you, not I. Why are you here?"

Steadfastly ignoring Asmodeus's gaze, Ari replied, "When Lilif came to me in the graveyard, she was unable to command me."

"Hmm," Azazil nodded, "Red said something of that sort. Why do you think that is?"

"She's the Seal. It didn't work on Asmodeus, and when he attempted to use it on me, it didn't work, either. I think we became so entangled in its power that it no longer holds any over us."

Asmodeus's voice rumbled throughout the room. "I think I'm going to be most displeased with where this is going."

Deciding she didn't have time to be afraid, Ari's gaze snapped to him, her eyes flashing fire. "We're the only ones who can withstand her command. It's up to us to take her out."

Asmodeus took a threatening step toward her. "We're not killing her."

Ari's expression turned incredulous. "Are you kidding me?"

"Do not push me, Ari," he growled and Red automatically shifted closer to her, as did Glass. Asmodeus curled his lip at them both. "Like you could stop me," he taunted.

"Enough." Her voice was cool, calm and totally authoritative, drawing surprised looks from all of her uncles.

"Asmodeus, listen to reason." She took a step toward him now, letting him know she wouldn't back down. "I know she's your sister. I know that. But Lilif is never going to change her mind about destroying the realms. I know you might not care about my world, but what about Mount Qaf? What about the millions of Jinn she is going to destroy?" Ari turned, imploring Azazil. "You couldn't kill her before because she was connected to too many threads in both worlds. Well, she isn't any more. If we kill her, whatever tangible connection she has to the worlds may cause some disruption. For the greater good, I'm afraid that's a risk I'm willing to take. It's been centuries, Your Highness, and it's time to end this once and for all."

There was silence in the parlor and Ari was afraid every single one of them could hear her heart escalating as the quiet stretched on and on. Finally, Azazil nodded slowly, for once his expression entirely grave. "You are right, Ari. You are right."

"No," Asmodeus whirled on him. "You cannot be serious?"

Azazil glowered at his first lieutenant. "There is no other way, Asmodeus. Lilif must die. And you are going to help Ari kill her. That's an order."

With a roar of impotent rage, Asmodeus was suddenly a blur across the room as he flew at Ari. She found herself brushed aside, her hip landing hard against the tiled floor as she fell. Eyes round with fear and shock, she looked up to see Red and Glass holding Asmodeus back.

"Asmodeus, calm yourself," Azazil commanded.

The lieutenant shot Ari one last vicious look before he breathed deep and stepped back, shrugging Red and Glass off him. He held up a hand to warn them off and backed up slowly, his expression quickly smoothing.

Glass growled under his breath and then turned to Ari, holding a hand out to her. She took it and as he helped her to her feet, he asked quietly, "How is Trey?"

She gave him a soft, trembling smile. "He's well." He misses you.

At her telepath, Glass's expression softened and she found herself sandwiched protectively between him and Red. "I don't feel particularly happy about letting Ari disappear after Lilif with Asmodeus after that violent display toward her," Red said.

Azazil shook his head, his eyes like ice chips as he turned to his oldest confidant. "We need Ari to end this.

If Asmodeus harms her before Lilif is taken out, I will personally destroy him."

Shocked inhalations rounded the room and Asmodeus stiffened, his expression disbelieving. "You threaten me? You did this!" he sneered. "You allowed this foolish favor to happen and this is the consequence. You and she," he pointed back at Ari, "did this."

Azazil didn't flinch. "And now you're going to undo it."

Finally realizing he had no other option, Asmodeus glanced back at Ari, disdain and disgust warring for supremacy in his eyes. "Well, do you have a brilliant plan or are you just all about the words these days?"

Ignoring his acidic attitude, Ari nodded. "First we have to get her on her own-no Jinn around her that she can command to distract us." She took a deep breath. "I think you should be the one to do it. Despite everything, Lilif won't ... she won't be expecting ..."

"She won't be expecting me to betray her," he finished, his voice quiet and full of anguish.

His despair was harder to take than his anger. Ari bowed her head to hide her sympathy, taking a minute. When she finally met his eyes, she replied, "Yes. Once you have her alone and off guard, you'll telepath for me to come to you and together we'll finish it."

"Simple but effective," Gilder murmured, drawing Ari's attention. He nodded, watching her with careful and perceptive eyes. "It might work."

The others murmured agreement and it suddenly occurred to Ari that they were standing around talking about killing their mother, and the only one who seemed to be affected by it was Asmodeus. She held her sigh inside, knowing despite her royal blood and her affection for Red and Glass, Ari would never understand the complicated minds of the Jinn kings and their Sultan.

17

Even the Moon Needs Its Dark Side

The young Roe Guild Hunter's pleas for mercy were becoming annoying. It was wasteful to torture him, and White, irritated by the whole display, walked away from Lilif's Marid as he continued his torment on the boy.

The Roe Guild had fled to numerous safe houses across the world, making it difficult to track down Michael, who was the one most likely harboring Charlie Creagh. White, of course, would rather separate himself from the torturing of one of the Guild, not particularly in the mood to have to deal with his brother Gilder's retribution. He could be extremely vicious when the Guilds were interfered with. Not that he should be too concerned as he was, in fact, helping his brothers. Acting as a double agent as it were, though he was receiving no information from Red in return for the information he was feeding him. All that Red would tell him was that they had a plan to take care of Lilif. It seemed his brother still didn't trust him.

Despite it being more than a little annoying, White had to agree it was probably smart of him. There was nothing stopping Lilif from deciding to command White, after all, and if she did, he would reveal everything to her.

Passing the room filled with a family from the Roe Guild, White closed his eyes in disbelief at the carnage. When he opened them, he glared at the three Marids standing guard, their clothes speckled with blood. "Who ordered you to kill these Jinn?" Gilder was definitely going to take umbrage with this.

"I did."

White whirled around and watched his mother approach down the safe house's narrow hallway. It was a small apartment in Andalucia and they'd had to put up a sound enchantment so the very close neighbors wouldn't hear the screams.

"Was that necessary?"

Lilif looked almost ashamed as she shrugged, and then quickly became annoyed that White had made her feel so. "I'm tidying up loose ends. Plus, if word gets back we're killing off his Guild one by one, he might give up the boy."

"The other boy, the one your Marid is having too much fun with, doesn't know anything."

"Well, kill him." She crossed her arms over her chest. "If you've suddenly grown softhearted on me, White, I suggest you find someone who does know something."

***

The plan was for Asmodeus to wait for Lilif at White's palace. A scout had told them that she spent some of her time there while the White King and her Marids were in the Mortal Realm searching for Charlie. Lilif hadn't moved her army from Azazil's palace grounds, but they had grown quiet and were no longer exhausting themselves with a useless barrage of energy against the protection the kings had placed around it.

Ari waited in tense silence in the parlor with the Jinn kings. Asmodeus had left hours ago and still, there'd been no telepathic shout to bring her to his side.

"Do you think he's turned?" Shadow asked the room.

Azazil immediately gave a gentle shake of his head. "He would not betray me."

His certainty did nothing to appease Ari's nerves. If Asmodeus wouldn't betray Azazil, then what the hell was taking so long?

"Maybe I should just go," Ari murmured. "Make sure he's doing what he's supposed to be doing."

"I think that might be best," Gilder agreed.

Ari waited for the go-ahead from Azazil, but none came.

Until two hours later and Asmodeus had still not called on her.

"Fine." Azazil flicked a hand at her in a beleaguered gesture. "Go."

Her head turned and her eyes met Red's. With mirrored grim expressions, Ari gave him a small nod and then closed her eyes, thinking of the parlor in White's palace where Lilif spent the most time. She heard the flickers of flame around her and then she was moving at the speed of light, her hair whipping around her until the hiss disappeared and her body stilled.

Her eyes flew open in time to watch Lilif fly across the room and smash against the back wall, a mirror shattering into pieces around her. She fell to the floor and raised a hand to slow the descent of glass raining upon her. As the shards descended, they melted into liquid, harmless.

Asmodeus was a blur of wind across the room and his fist came down into Lilif's chest, reminding Ari of the time he'd ripped the Seal of out her. A horrific, squishing, crunching noise was abruptly interrupted by Lilif's shriek of pain as she gripped Asmodeus's wrist and gazed up at him in anguished betrayal.

"Brother?" she murmured.

Asmodeus froze, his expression tortured as he gazed down at her. "Lilif," he whispered hoarsely.

"Don't," she begged.

Seeing his hesitancy, Ari rushed forward. "Kill her. Asmodeus, kill her!"

"Do not listen to her. If I die, you will not survive. I am yours and you are mine."

"She tried to kill you!" Ari yelled the vital reminder. "Kill her!"

She watched the war in his eyes and felt the world tilt beneath her feet as his shoulder slumped and he hung his head. What he didn't see was Lilif's expression change, the brittle hardness settle on her features as she drew back her own fist.

Knowing exactly what Lilif intended, Ari didn't have a second to think. Using her incredible Jinn speed, Ari crossed the room in her own multicolored blur and stood on Lilif's arm before she could punch into Asmodeus's chest.

It broke under her foot and Lilif screamed.

And then Ari was flying back, her head smacking against the wall with an eye-watering wince. She managed to find her feet, blinking away tears of pain so she could assess what the hell had just happened. To her surprise she found Asmodeus standing between her and Lilif.

"What are you doing?" she groaned, about to push herself off the wall when flames erupted behind him and Lilif disappeared into the Peripatos.

Despair washed over Ari and she let out a low moan.

Asmodeus glanced back at the empty space behind him and clenched his jaw before turning back to Ari.

"You let her go," she growled, forgetting who she was talking to. "You had her and you let her go!"

That's when the lieutenant attacked her.

His hands were bruising around her upper arms, his breath hot and angry in her face. The room spun as he crashed her against the opposite wall. Just as Ari was about to fight back, his grip loosened and he pressed her there, but the violence was leaking out of him.

She blinked, trying not to tremble as he glowered down into her face. "She is my other half," he breathed raggedly.

"And you are asking me to destroy her. It would be like destroying myself. Do you have any idea what you are asking?" His voice cracked with emotion. Despite her fear and distrust of him, Ari felt his sincerity and pain and couldn't help but offer comfort.

She wrapped her small hands around his wrists and leaned closer, speaking softly so as not to incite his rage again. "I do. I do know what I am asking. I wish that I weren't, but there is no other way and I am so sorry for that. But we have to do this together, Asmodeus. If I could, I would do it alone. I would save you from this." His jaw flexed and his eyes searched hers for sincerity. "I can try to save you from the worst of it. I can be the one to draw the sword upon her. I'll spare you that."

After a moment of quietly contemplating her face, Asmodeus's features hardened and he leaned in so close their lips were almost touching. Ari sucked in her breath, her heart pounding with fear at his proximity. "It is your fault I have to do this in the first place. If not for your favor, Lilif would still be hidden." He brushed his mouth gently over hers and she dug her nails into his wrist in an effort to warn him off, her head pressed against the wall. He smiled unhappily, wickedly, against her lips before peppering kisses along her jaw that made her shudder.

He stopped at her ear and whispered, "If you're still alive when this is over, I'm going to make you feel the same pain I feel."

Abruptly he let her go, stepping back and allowing her room to breathe. Ari fought to control the shaking throughout her body, her chin jutting up defiantly in an effort to assure him he didn't frighten her. But he was Asmodeus. He knew. He smirked at her fear, knowing he'd won.

"Let's get back to Azazil," he murmured lazily.

Determined to at least win something, Ari shook her head. "I have a better plan."

***

"So, this is weird, right?"

Charlie turned around from the sink where he'd been quietly doing the dishes, lost in thought. His mom and Mikey were upstairs taking another nap. There wasn't a whole lot else to do. Fallon's parents seemed cool, and they were chilling out in the sitting room with Michael's brother Gerard and his wife Megan, watching some Scottish soap opera.

Charlie didn't do soap operas, even if the accents were hilarious. Jai and Trey were in the study having what was obviously a private conversation, so Charlie offered to do the dishes, escaping into the kitchen for peace and quiet.

Ari had been gone for four days.

Jai had explained that time moved more quickly on Mount Qaf, so four days to them was only about ten hours to Ari. Still, despite not knowing her so well, Charlie found himself concerned for her. When delivering the scariest, craziest news of his life, she'd been kind, and she clearly cared for him and Mikey. It should be weird how much she cared, since he didn't remember her, but somehow it wasn't.

Okay, so it was definitely weird for his mom who was freaking out over the fact that no one was watering her plants, or doing her job, and that the neighbors would be so worried. Charlie didn't care about plants, or his job, or his neighbors. He cared about keeping his family alive. In fact, he and Mikey had adjusted fairly well to the new situation. However, that didn't mean he didn't want it to be over.

His peace had been interrupted by Fallon and her question. "Very," he answered honestly, watching her cross the room and take a seat at the table.

He understood immediately why alternate Charlie had hooked up with Fallon Roe. Despite her small stature, she had a great body and gorgeous eyes. She was graceful, but also kind of funny. However, the last few days had been uncomfortable for them both and they hadn't spent any time alone until now.

"You must be wondering if you're dreaming."

Charlie smirked and dropped the dish towel as he settled into the seat across from her. "I just keep telling myself it's not possible for me, my mom, and my brother to be sharing the same whacked-out dream."

Her pretty mouth curled up in the corners and he studied her a moment, taking in all the necklaces and rings she wore. "You sure like your jewelry."

"They're talismans," Fallon answered. "They fuel my power. Guild Hunters are mutts. We don't have the same juice as Ari, Jai, and Trey who are full-blood Jinn, so we use talismans to help power our magic."

Genuinely interested in how it worked, he leaned forward and touched the copper coin that hung around her neck. "Do each of them do different things?" When she didn't answer, Charlie glanced up at her face and found her staring at him oddly. "What?"

"It's deja vu," she murmured. "You did this before. I was there on some of your training when you were learning about talismans."

The strangeness of it made him drop the coin and settle back. "This is incredibly bizarre for me. I can't even imagine what it's like for you."

Fallon shrugged and gave him a sad smile. "It's easier and it's not. I don't mean to be harsh, but you're not Charlie. You're not the guy I was seeing, so in a way, it's not as horrible that you don't remember me. But it's more final that he's gone."

Charlie didn't know what to say.

Eventually, he murmured, "I'm sorry."

She made a face at him. "Look, your little bro is alive. I wouldn't change that for the world."

"It really messed me up, huh?"

Fallon's eyes widened. "Uh, yeah.

You were a freakin' time bomb. Don't get me wrong-the broody, focused guy who got excited about magic was a total turn-on, but you, well, alternate you, couldn't handle that magic. So if I can impart a little piece of advice?"

"Shoot."

"Don't touch my talismans, or anyone's talismans. Don't make deals with Jinn. Stay out of it."

Normally it would piss him off to be bossed around by a girl half his size, but after everything Ari had told him, he was guessing Fallon was probably right. "I will definitely be following that advice," he grinned at her. She blinked in surprise.

After a moment, she sighed. "Crap.

You're still hot in this reality."

A flush of pleasure washed over him and his grin turned flirtatious at her blunt honesty. He didn't know a lot of girls who said it like it was. "I can see why alternate me had a thing for you."

She twisted her mouth playfully and raised her eyebrows. "It was more than a thing. You couldn't get enough of me."

More heat hit him again, this time lower. "Is that right?" he murmured, his eyes dipping to her mouth.

Before either one of them could say anything else, a ruckus from the sitting room caught their attention. Fallon shot out of her chair and ran from the kitchen, Charlie close after, his heart thudding against his ribs. What now?

When he got there, he found Michael and the other Roes surrounding an exhausted-looking Ari. He was gently pushed aside as Jai strode into the room, followed by Trey. Jai immediately went to Ari, pulling her into his arms, his words to her too quiet for Charlie to hear.

He watched them together, saw their closeness, and felt a small spark of envy. Jai didn't say a lot and was a pretty intimidating guy. He gave the impression that he could take care of absolutely anything, so Charlie could understand why Ari was attracted to him.

And okay, he wasn't a woman, but even he could see the Ginnaye was pretty easy on the eyes. Still, he felt this odd discomfort at the seeing the two of them together. Charlie could only put it down to his attraction to Ari. The girl was out-of-this-world gorgeous. Not to mention kind, obviously loyal, and pretty tough. Jai was a lucky guy.

When her eyes lifted from Jai's face to Charlie, he froze at the desperate expression within.

"What's going on?" he asked uneasily.

Ari's expression turned apologetic.

"I'm sorry, Charlie ... but I need to ask your permission for something."

Uh oh. Charlie did not like the sound of that. "Permission for ... please say anything but shark chum."

Her face fell. "Sorry."

He wasn't going to lie. The idea of being used as bait for this Lilif woman, who, by description, sounded like the apocalypse personified, didn't fill him with confidence or courage. He fought his inner wuss and groaned, "Fine. Bait me up and show me the hook."

18

Black Dust on an Indigo Sky

It was fair to say that Lilif was sulking. Sulking in that throwing furniture that didn't belong to her around and singeing the eyebrows of anyone who got in her path kind of sulking.

They were in White's mortal home in Saint Lucia since it was clear his palace was a no-go area at the moment. He gazed at the beautiful Caribbean waters as he waited for quiet to fall over the home.

Finally, Lilif strolled out onto the bamboo-constructed balcony, the air around her crackling. He slid her a glance but didn't say anything. There was nothing he could really say to soothe her. Asmodeus, her twin brother, had just tried to kill her.

If Azazil's story was true, Lilif had allegedly tried to kill Asmodeus centuries ago. As far as White was concerned, Asmodeus's recent attempt on his twin's life was only fair, really.

Not that he was going to say that.

He looked back out at the water.

His mother had called him to her, leaving the Marids to deal with the search.

He didn't know what she wanted, other than to abuse the Shaitans he had on staff at his villa and destroy designer furniture. For now, however, he was glad to be away from the pursuit that involved the wasteful destruction of their kind.

They stood in silence, White almost enjoying the moment, recalling the days not so long ago when the only being in this world he'd loved had been his mother, when Red's voice blasted into his head. Tell Lilif Ari has Charlie and she's prepared to make a deal.

The White King stopped himself from tensing at the message and replied, That so obviously screams trap. You may be right. Mother may in fact be insane, but she's not stupid.

Just do it.

It's your funeral, White thought to himself before he turned casually to his mother. "I just received a message from your son, The Red King."

She glanced sharply at him. "And?"

"He says Ari has Charlie and is prepared to make a deal."

Lilif sneered. "Trap." She flicked him a suspicious look. "Does this mean you've been communicating privately with your brother behind my back? I'd hate to think you are the reason Charlie was put into protective custody in the first place."

White stared her down. "Red and I aren't exactly on speaking terms these centuries. This is the first I've heard from him."

Giving him a haughty nod, she turned to stare out at the water again. "As I said, it's obviously a trap."

"Oh, you think?" he muttered sarcastically.

"You were far less impertinent when you were younger."

"What can I say? I've developed an edge."

For some reason, that made her laugh. "Indeed you have." She chuckled again and then fell quiet, her mood turning introspective. Five minutes later, she shrugged. "What do I do? Do I take the bait?"

Before he could curb his tongue, he found himself being helpful. "If I were you, I'd use the Cloak and discover for myself whether he's really there."

Lilif mulled this over for a moment and then turned her body to face his. "If I do, I want you to be ready to jump into the fray with me."

When Mexico freezes over. "Of course, Mother."

"Okay." She nodded, decided. "Ask Red where Ari and the boy are."

***

They had one last chance to take Lilif by surprise.

After Asmodeus let her go, Ari counted on the fact that Lilif believed her brother didn't have it in him to kill her. So, just in case Lilif was hiding in the Cloak watching all, Ari reversed her and Asmodeus's roles this time around. She, along with Jai and Trey, stood in Rancocas State Park, again in the clearing where Pazuzu had almost killed Trey. Behind the three of them stood the bait, a nervous but willing Charlie Creagh.

Lilif would never see Jai and Trey as a threat because she could command them to do what she wanted. However, they were there to take care of Charlie when Ari and Asmodeus began the final battle. Their presence was a risk. That's why the new plan had to go off without a hitch. It meant relying on Asmodeus, and Ari was more than a bit nervous she was going to end up shit creek without a paddle.

"This waiting thing is kind of making me need to pee," Charlie commented quietly.

Ari shot him a look over her shoulder. "I told you to pee before we left."

"Yeah, I did. It's funny how fear can shrink your bladder to the size of a walnut."

Jai glanced back at him now.

"You're doing fine."

"You won't be saying that when I pee myself."

Trey grinned and attempted to be helpful. "Actually, although fear can weaken the bladder, it can also tense it up.

Let's hope you're that kind."

"You have much experience with fear and tense bladders?"

Trey gestured to the clearing. "Had my throat slit right in this clearing. That was kind of scary."

Ari winced and Jai shot Trey a disbelieving look. Charlie made an almost humorous squeak. "Is he kidding?" he asked Ari. "Please tell me he's kidding. No one said anything about throat cutting. I'm rethinking this whole shark-chum thing. I'm not really a brave guy."

"Yes, you are," Ari told him sternly.

"Now tighten up that bladder and be quiet. Please."

He answered her with a minute of silence before murmuring, "A little gratitude would be nice."

She'd just flashed him a shaky grin when the oak off to the side of her began to shimmer. All of them sensed it and her magic immediately sought Jai's and Trey's, ember colliding, sparks flying.

Lilif stepped out of the Cloak.

She smirked and then narrowed cold eyes on Ari. "My brother abandoned you, then? You think you can take me on alone?"

Asmodeus! Now!

The tall, dark Jinn burst out of the Peripatos with renewed determination and as he lunged at a shocked Lilif, Ari could see the raw pain in his face fueling his need to end this once and for all. She almost thanked the heavens for it and hoped his expression meant this was the end. Lilif shot out a charm at the four of them before Asmodeus knocked her to the ground, but the charm bounced off the strong protection enchantment they'd created around them. With one last look at Jai, Ari blurred across the clearing and latched onto Asmodeus ... and then the world was whirling and spinning and rushing and tumbling and sucking and squeezing and crushing ...

She came to a crashing halt, her back on warm sand, a low sun casting heat across a darkening desert. It was a landscape she remembered from her visions when Lilif and the Seal were inside her.

Asmodeus had taken them to an old battleground. He'd taken them to the place Lilif had once sought to kill him.

Lilif's roar of outrage split the rapidly changing sky. It was almost indigo now. Ari jerked into a sitting position and saw Asmodeus and his sister wrestling, ember-glowing fists crashing into concrete air as they magically defended themselves against one another.

A dagger suddenly appeared in Lilif's hand and Ari was on her feet, rushing toward them as Lilif brought the blade down into Asmodeus's back. He grunted and rolled off, twisting his arm behind his back, his magic drawing the dagger out. Ari leapt at Lilif before she could disappear into the Peripatos.

Lilif slashed long fingers as Ari descended upon her, and Ari felt the painful burn of stinging scratches across the left side of her face before she landed on the wicked Sultana.

Ari's hands immediately sought Lilif's throat and she squeezed, trying to restrain her, weaken her before she brought down her final blow. But soon Ari found it was her own hands that were weakening as the tingle of alien magic wrapped itself around her wrists and crawled up her arms. She started to tremble as the magic ate away at her nerves and her grip loosened.

Roles instantly reversed. Ari found herself on her back with Lilif's hands around her throat. Trying not to panic, Ari threw the heel of her palm up and caught Lilif in the nose, immediately following with a winding punch to the solar plexus. Lilif's grip slackened slightly and Ari held both hands up, ember shooting out of her body as she blasted Lilif's body off hers.

Ari cursed under her breath and shoved all the energy she had into flying after Lilif. She couldn't let her get far enough away to disappear. She tangled with Lilif again, and thus began a dance of magical blows, scratches and cuts, heads banging against the hard, sandy ground, limbs kicking and colliding with bruising impact. The fight was exhausting, sweat pouring down Ari's body, but she persevered, waiting for that in when she could conjure the sword from Michael Roe's office and use it to end Lilif's life.

If she didn't do something soon, she was going to have to break her promise to Asmodeus. He would be the one who'd have to kill Lilif. Ari was weakening. She couldn't keep up the fight much longer.

With the upper hand, Ari screamed with desperation as she yanked Lilif by the hair and smacked her face down into the sand. Seizing her moment, she conjured the acinaces sword and raised it to make the final blow when Lilif, as if sensing her imminent death, whirled around and plunged a dagger into Ari's stomach.

The pain was indescribable.

The sword tumbled from Ari's grip and her body, as if trying to separate itself from the agonizing wound in her stomach, just let go. Her knees gave way and she fell to them, her wide, astonished eyes lowering to the jewel-encrusted blade lodged in her gut.

She raised her eyes to Lilif as trembling hands fingered the handle. She watched as the Jinn queen stood gracefully to her feet, her dark eyes blazing down upon Ari.

"You thought you could best me? You thought you could turn those who love me against me?" She shook her head pitifully. "You are but a child. How could you ever best me?"

Ari gulped, trying to speak, trying to think, trying to win.

"I could have saved you. Now I'm going to make sure that the people you love die painfully and slowly. You could have had my mercy, you silly-"

A fist burst through Lilif's chest, agony halting her words.

Asmodeus stood behind her, his eyes shimmering with unshed tears as he whispered in Lilif's ear, "When have you ever been merciful, Sister?" and with that, he jerked his fist out through her back. Her body, a dead weight, collapsed into the desert and Asmodeus stood over her, his bloody fist glowing with ember.

It was all that was left of Lilif.

A tear slipped down his cheek as he whispered something under his breath and clenched his fist, watching the ember's light fade. As he released his hold on it, it transformed to black dust that glittered on its descent to the sand.

A harsh wind swept over Lilif's body. Her skin crackled and crumbled, until nothing remained but black dust blowing away into the indigo sky.

Relief tore through Ari seconds before the blazing hurt returned and she made a pained noise, falling onto her back.

Asmodeus's blank, handsome face appeared above her. "You seem to be in quite a predicament." There was no emotion in his voice, nothing to assure her that he wouldn't let her die.

She was going to die.

It was over and she was going to die.

Jai!

She'd promised him. She'd promised him she'd come back, that he wouldn't ever have to feel lost and alone without her.

At the thought of leaving him, tears filled her eyes and she gulped, choking on blood.

Asmodeus seemed to read her and he leaned in close, his the last words in her head before the world turned black.

"As if I'd make it that easy for you."

19

Nothing Has Changed, Only Everything

Their voices and the waves of immense power that beat at Ari's body brought her out of unconsciousness. She opened her eyes slowly and found her gaze on the Red King.

She was on a couch somewhere and he stood behind it, near her, speaking to someone directly across from him.

What happened?

Searching her groggy mind, Ari couldn't help her gasp or the way her body jerked as her hands sought her stomach. There was a hole in her shirt and the skin underneath was raised.

Lilif daggered me.

Her movement brought Red's eyes down to hers. She saw his concern and instantly felt better, allowing the relief of having taken down Lilif to settle throughout her body. "It's done," she told him with a croaky voice.

He nodded, his expression grim as he darted a look over her head at someone.

Asmodeus.

Asmodeus killed Lilif. And Ari had promised she'd try to make sure it didn't come to that. Unfortunately, she hadn't been strong enough. Sitting up slowly, Ari was gratified to find she felt no pain; all the other aches and hurts from the fight had been healed too. Her eyes flickered around the room and she discovered the kings were still there, including her father, the White King. She flinched when she saw him but his expression gave nothing away.

She didn't know what to think of him. White had caused all this but had attempted to right his wrong by feeding Red information about Lilif. When White's expression didn't change, Ari ignored the familiar stab of hurt she felt at his indifference. He was her father, after all, but you'd never know it. With an inward sigh, she put her feet on the floor and turned to Asmodeus who stood by the fireplace in Azazil's parlor.

Azazil was close by, his hand on Asmodeus's shoulder in a rare show of comfort.

Sensing her gaze on him, Asmodeus lifted his eyes to her and the fear she felt was immediate. His eyes weren't blank; they were filled with calculation and spiteful intent. "I told you I would not let you die out there. That would be much too easy on you. I think your punishment should fit the crime, don't you?"

She heard Red growl in warning but it did nothing to slow her racing heartbeat. More unnerving was the amused smirk on Azazil's face.

That was not good.

"If we are done here, I'd like to leave and assess the damage done to my Guild." The Gilder King stood, his demeanor completely casual, as though the past few days hadn't happened.

"Yes, you all are free to leave."

Azazil waved a weary hand at them.

Gilder and Lucky left first, quickly followed by Gleaming and Shadow. White stared at his father for a moment and Ari finally saw some truth in his expression. He was trying to mask his grief-not only of the loss of his mother but of his belief in her. Whether Azazil noticed wasn't apparent to Ari.

Azazil chuckled at his son. "Are you and I at peace now, Son?"

In response the White King quirked his eyebrow and replied, "Did the world end?"

Azazil looked entertained as he watched White disappear into the Peripatos. "Well, I think I will finally rest. Asmodeus, why do you not visit that lovely harem of yours? They shall cheer you up." Leading his lieutenant out of the room, Azazil gave Ari one last sinister smile before the doors slammed behind them.

Ari, Glass, and Red gathered together in the middle of the room. Red's brow furrowed as he stared at the door. "I did not like Asmodeus's threat."

"Nor I," Glass agreed.

"Uh, me, neither," Ari added.

Turning conversationally to Glass, the Red King's lips twitched in amusement. "Did you know Ari attempted to save my life?"

Seeming equally amused by this, Glass replied, "Did she now?"

"Mmm," Red mused and flashed Ari a smile. "It would appear she quite likes me."

Ari shook her head at him, rolling her eyes, but her chest seemed to expand with the warm feeling his teasing gave her. Ari did care about her Uncle Red and she'd been scared that after her mother, Sala, had died, Red would want nothing to do with her again.

Gazing up into his face, she saw affection and realized that after everything, after all the crap and all the loss, she'd still managed to scrape out of this with her own ramshackle family: Jai, Trey, the Roes, Red, and Glass.

An odd but loveable mix.

But it was family.

Something she'd spent her entire childhood looking for.

PART THREE

20

Free

It had all happened so fast. A whirlwind of shades of gray, of choosing sides, of principle versus faith, of careless power and abuse of power, of life and death. A lifetime had happened to Ari in less than a year. She'd fought monsters and friends, she'd saved both, and either directly or indirectly she'd killed both. For years unknowingly and knowingly, she'd been haunted by Lilif, the haunting escalating these last few short weeks.

Only a week had passed since

Asmodeus destroyed Lilif once and for all.

It may as well have been a year.

Christmas had come and gone and the New Year was dawning in twenty-four hours. It would dawn with fewer Roes in tow-unfortunately, Lilif had wiped out two entire families within the Roe Guild. Red said The White King, who had unwillingly played a part in those deaths, was spending his days avoiding a very unhappy Gilder.

As for the Roe Guild, the rest returned to Burlington to mourn and try to move on with their lives. Michael as always led the way, and in doing so he made sure the deaths of those in their fold were not laid at Ari's feet. She was one of them and thus not to be blamed. That brought her, Jai, and Trey no small amount of relief as they settled back into their home a street away from the Roes and Fallon, who Ari was getting to know again.

For Ari, the most difficult part had been transporting Charlie, Mrs. Creagh, and Mikey back to Sandford. They were happy to be returning home, free and safe. But Ari once again found herself having to say goodbye to her best friend, and found it even harder this time since this Charlie resembled the old Charlie so much.

She'd hugged Mikey and Mrs. Creagh goodbye, who, although kind and polite, also looked a little relieved to see Ari go. Then she'd walked Charlie to the backyard where she had some privacy to take the Peripatos back to Burlington.

The moment had been filled with awkwardness, and when she'd turned to smile with sad amusement at her friend, she found him rubbing the back of his neck in discomfort.

"I want to thank you for helping me and my family," he told her quietly.

"It was my fault you were caught up in this in the first place."

"No, don't do that." Charlie stepped toward her, appearing solemn. "I know I don't remember you, and in this moment, saying goodbye, I know somewhere deep down I should be heartbroken. I know if I remembered you, I would be. I know this because I only got to be around you for a few days. But I learned that you're the kind of person who would die for someone she loves. We all think we'd be that person, but you never know until the situation is put before you. I know you damned the consequences to save me and the people I love. You changed a reality for me, Ari, and although I know I can't be a part of that world, of your world, I want you to know that I won't forget you. I don't want you to feel sad that you lost your friend. I want you to feel proud that you helped a friend who'd lost himself. I didn't know that Charlie, and thanks to you, I'll never have to go through the pain of getting to know him."

There wasn't anything more perfect Charlie Creagh could've said to Ari in that moment, and smiling despite the tear tracks on her cheeks, she wrapped her arms around him and held him tight for a few seconds. When she stepped back, she knew Charlie had read the silent promise in her eyes to not disrupt his life again.

This was goodbye for good.

She held up her hand in a frozen wave and watched him mirror the action, and with one last smile, she stepped back into the Peripatos.

Once again, Jai stepped in to soothe the pain of losing Charlie Creagh all over again.

***

"I thought I'd seen the last of you people," Charlie kept his voice teasing but his eyes were questioning. He'd turned his gaze from watching Mikey and his friends keep warm in the cold December air by playing basketball at Ben's Park. Charlie sat on a bench, huddled in his thick jacket, sipping hot coffee out of a Styrofoam cup.

A week had passed since the insanity of discovering their world was filled with more mystery than the general public would ever know, and he found he'd been a lot more affected by it than he'd initially thought.

For starters, he'd grown increasingly overprotective of Mikey upon discovering what his life would be like without him. His mom had gotten pretty overbearing too, and Charlie almost felt bad for Mikey who hadn't been able to breathe without one of them asking what he was doing, where he was going, when he'd be back, who he was with ...

So Charlie spent his Sunday watching a basketball game and thanking whatever god was out there for getting them out of the Jinn world as quickly as possible. This meant he didn't really know how to feel when the wooden picnic bench he was sitting on creaked and he turned to find Fallon Roe sitting beside him in an oversized hoodie, duffel coat, and scarf.

She smirked at him. "I think you kind of mean that."

He shrugged. "Did something happen?" He tried to slow his heart at the thought.

"Nah." She leaned back on her hands, her silver jewelry clinking against the wood. "I've been deliberating for days whether to drop by or not."

Or not might have been the way to go. Charlie winced at the thought, wondering how he was going to break it to his non-ex-girlfriend that he didn't want anything to do with her world.

She saved him the time.

"I meant what I said before about us being totally different people now. I know this is your world and I have mine, and those two can't mix. I don't want them to," she hurried to assure him. In doing so, she chipped away at the inexplicable guilt he felt about not being the guy she wanted him to be. "I came here for closure. Not mine. Yours."

He frowned at her. "What do you mean?"

"People were telling you a lot of things about this Charlie guy you didn't know, and most of what they were telling you didn't sound so great. If I were you, I'd be thinking, 'man, I hope life doesn't throw me too many knockdowns because apparently I can't handle that shit.'"

Charlie snorted. Because it was true. He had been thinking that.

She touched his arm, guessing his thought. When their eyes met, hers were completely serious. "Charlie, the magic did a lot to mess you up. But even through that you were still this innately good person who loved his brother enough to try to find peace and justice out of it. Some people call it obsession, revenge. Maybe it was. But I never saw that as a bad thing. I saw it as passion and strength and focus. And even without that, when you were disappointing Ari for not being the person you used to be, you were making my life better. You made me laugh and you liked me for just being me. I also knew that you would never intentionally hurt me." She heaved a sigh. "I guess what I'm trying to say is that when some people might've only seen the worst in that Charlie, I saw the best, and I saw the best because it was there. It existed. That Charlie was a good guy. You need to know that."

He was quiet a moment, head bent, hands clasping the cup. Finally, he lifted his eyes to her and he gave her a tight nod. "Thank you. I appreciate that."

She smiled and moved gracefully away from the table. "This time it's really goodbye."

"Fallon," he murmured softly, making her faux smile wilt a little, "you should know something too." Charlie swallowed, trying to get the words right, knowing how important they would be to her. "I'm not that Charlie, but part of me is, right? I'm still him-it's just life experience has carved us in different ways. So if I'm him, then I can tell you how I would have felt if I was feeling that lost, and my best friend didn't recognize me anymore and didn't understand me, and I was feeling all alone, and then this girl comes along who sees me, who gets it ... that would mean everything to me, and I'm guessing it meant everything to that Charlie too. You matter, Fallon. You mattered to him. I somehow know that without knowing it."

She dipped her head, shuffling her feet. When her head rose again, she was biting her lip. She threw him a mock glare, her eyes shimmering. "Dude, I don't do tears. I could kill you right now."

Charlie chuckled and sipped at his coffee, hoping not to prolong her embarrassment as she brushed fingers against her trembling eyelashes. And then just like that, because it was her way, Fallon abruptly held up a hand in wave. "Thanks, Charlie Creagh. I'll not be seeing ya." Grinning, she shoved her hands in her pockets and strode away out of his life forever.

***

"Mmm, can we just stay here forever?" Ari mumbled, snuggling deeper into Jai's side and resting her head on his chest. They cuddled together on the couch, the fire roaring in the fireplace, an action movie blazing across the screen. Trey was off somewhere with Glass, giving them a little peace and quiet before tomorrow's party. Caroline Roe had decided that the best way to bring The Guild back together was to enjoy the festivities and have a New Year's Eve party.

Jai and Ari were not exactly looking forward to the party. Neither felt like they'd caught up on the sleep missed while trying to bring the Jinn queen to her knees.

Jai's arm tightened around Ari's shoulder and he kissed her forehead, content in a way he didn't think he'd ever been before. "I wish." His eyes slid back to the television screen as James Bond kicked ass in his very nice suit.

Jai wondered if he could get away with hunting in a three-piece suit and then immediately rejected the idea based on estimated dry cleaning bills alone.

"Are you enjoying the movie?"

"Hmm?"

"Are you enjoying the movie?"

"Yeah, baby," he answered a little distractedly as the fight sequence escalated. "Aren't you?"

"Mmm-hmm." Her finger trailed down the center of his stomach and Jai tensed, no longer interested in the on-screen action. He watched her hand as it descended and his breathing shallowed. "I just thought maybe since we're alone-" She hadn't even finished the sentence and Jai had her on her back, his mouth on hers, his hands on her body.

Jai was in the middle of unbuttoning her jeans when the doorbell rang. Jai reluctantly jerked his head up. You have got to be kidding me? "Who would be ringing the doorbell at this time?"

"Jinn," Ari answered grimly, her cheeks flushed from his attentions. "I definitely feel a Jinn out there."

"Well, that could be anybody," he grumbled, irritated by the interruption. He got up, fixing his clothes as Ari swung her legs off the couch.

"Sorry I can't be more specific," she answered dryly.

"I didn't mean it like that," he muttered, brushing his fingers along her jaw as he passed her.

"Wait for me." She hurried to be at his back. Jai peered through the small eyeglass and immediately froze at who he saw on the other side.

"You have got to be kidding me," he whispered, taking a step back.

"Jai," Ari sounded worried now, "Jai, who is it?"

He turned his head to look at her and answered almost as if he was asking a question. "My father."

Catching the surprise on her face, Jai gave her his worst reassuring smile ever before yanking the door open.

Luca Bitar stood before them, a big, healthy-looking guy, an older version of Jai. "Father," Jai said, using the term out of habit. "What are you doing here?"

"Can I come in?" he asked, his eyes moving from Jai to Ari, his request put to the both of them.

Jai's gaze swung back to Ari.

Whatever you want.

He stepped aside. "Come in."

Luca seemed to exhale with relief and stepped inside, his presence still intimidating even after everything. "I drove here," he informed them as he followed Ari into the sitting room, his eyes scanning the house.

"You drove all the way from California?"

His dad nodded, smiling. "Decided I could use the time to myself."

Gesturing to a seat, Jai waited for Luca to sit. Ari remained standing, looking as awkward as Jai felt.

"Can I get you coffee or water or ...?" she asked, shrugging.

Luca smiled up at her. "I'm okay, Ari, thank you."

"Jai?"

"I'm fine, baby." He held a hand out to her, needing her beside him. She immediately came to him, tucking his hand onto her lap as she sat close. He turned back to his dad. "So why are you here?"

Luca studied the two of them closely, and Jai had the weirdest feeling that he liked what he saw.

"Dad?"

Clearing his throat, the elder Ginnaye sat up in his chair and drew a deep breath. "This is ... I'm not even sure how to start or what to say. In the end, I don't think there's anything I can say to erase the past or to erase my mindset, or Nicki's."

Understanding now why Luca was here and feeling that awful, familiar weight of unworthiness press down on his chest, Jai squeezed Ari's hand, probably hurting her. She didn't complain. If anything, she held on tighter.

"All I can say is, I'm sorry," Luca continued, those words exploding in Jai's head like shrapnel. "I'm sorry for what I did and didn't do, and I'm sorry that sorry won't ever be enough."

Everyone sat silent, the room thick with tension.

And then Luca murmured, "I'm proud of you, Jai. Word of what you and Ari did is circulating the Jinn world and people are phoning to congratulate me. I keep telling them I didn't do anything. Six months ago that wouldn't have been the case. I would have accepted the congratulations as my due and really believed that I had a hand in making you the good man you are today. But that extraordinary young woman sitting next to you once told me that you are everything you are despite me, and that I can't take credit for the man you've become."

Jai turned to Ari, the weight slowly disappearing. "You said that?"

She nodded shyly and shifted closer to him.

Luca abruptly stood, drawing their gazes back to him. "I'm not a perfect man, Jai, but I'm finally admitting I was wrong. I don't know how you feel, or if you enjoy working with the Hunters, but I want you to know that I'd be proud to have you back-you, Ari, and Trey, of course."

For the first time in his life, Jai's father wasn't telling him what to do. He was treating him like an equal and he was asking him to come back. It didn't make it all better-neither did sorry-but in that moment, Jai felt good. He felt even better to stand, hold out his hand, shake Luca's hand, and decline his offer.

Seeming unsurprised by the rejection, Luca sighed, gave Ari a respectful nod goodbye, and moved to leave.

He stopped beside Jai, not looking at him, and clamped a hand down on his shoulder. He squeezed it, the first real fatherly gesture he'd ever given him, and then without another word, he walked out of their lives.

The weight on Jai's chest that hit whenever he thought of the Bitars eased. And when the smell of Ari's perfume hit him seconds before her soft body curled against his back, her arms sliding around his waist, her cheek pressed to his shoulder blade, that weight disappeared entirely.

He wrapped his arms over Ari's and leaned back into her.

"You know, if you wanted to go home, I would've gone with you," she told him quietly. "I'd follow you anywhere."

At those beautiful words, Jai turned slowly and gathered her close, his hand cupping the back of her head, holding her in place for a long kiss. When he finally drew back to allow them air, Jai brushed a thumb over her gorgeous lower lip and answered, "This is home. You're home. I like it here and I know you do too. Michael is good people, Ari. We'll be happier here than we could ever be there."

She nodded and pressed her forehead against his chest. "How do you feel?"

It took him a moment to find the right words. Finally, he decided on just one. "Free."

21

Haunting Me

The month of January was cold but quiet. Michael gave Ari, Trey, and Jai a break for a while-a vacation of sorts-and kept the workload light. It was weird, but everyone went about their business like nothing had happened, like they hadn't just averted an apocalypse. Even Fallon.

Even the Jinn kings were quiet. Even freaking Asmodeus who, for all his threats of dire retribution, hadn't made a squeak since. Red had been keeping an eye on him, trying to preempt any attack the lieutenant might decide to spring on Ari.

So far, nothing. In fact, no one seemed anxious about it, not even Jai, usually the worrier in the group.

Trey was definitely not worried.

Trey was too busy in happy La-La-Land to be worried about anything. Glass spent a lot of time at the house (another reason why no one was worried about Asmodeus attacking) and was even helping Trey organize a show he'd managed to snag at a gallery in Trenton.

Ari didn't know why she felt out of sorts while everyone else appeared to be settling into their lives. She guessed it was weird not to have some big disaster looming that she had to somehow prevent. She was spending her "vacation" time training with Jai, hanging out with Fallon, and learning how to speak Arabic. Jai was teaching her. Suffice it to say that often those lessons ended in a heated argument, but Ari was getting used to that. She and Jai could be a little hotheaded around one another but the making-up part made it worth it.

Deciding to give Jai some space, she wandered to the mall so he could hang out with Trey at the gym. Ari hadn't shopped for what felt like forever, and she found, now that she was back doing it, shopping was kind of dull.

She was about to give up when she saw Agent Provocateur. She grinned instantly, a naughty thought coming to mind that involved a very hot, green-eyed Ginnaye who happened to share her bed every night. Her interest in shopping suddenly renewed itself.

Ari wandered into the lingerie store and to search for something her boyfriend might approve of. She was musing over one particular item when her neck tingled and the familiar presence of a Jinn washed over her. Quickly glancing around the store, Ari searched its customers and staff for the source. It was none of them.

It wasn't like Ari should be alarmed.

An entire Guild of half-blood Jinn Hunters lived in Burlington. However, she could sense levels of power, and the Jinn she was sensing was not a half-blood.

A full-blooded Jinn was in the mall, and she wasn't sure she'd encountered him or her before.

Adrenaline surged at the thought of kicking some malevolent little genie's ass. Forgetting the lingerie, she walked with purpose out of the store, glancing right and then turning left. Smack bang into a broad chest.

The tingling rushed over every inch of her skin as she stumbled back and gazed up at the Jinn.

The Jinn who was kind of familiar, actually.

Tall, dark-haired, cute in a boyish, innocent way. "Whoa." He reached out to stop her from stumbling too far. "Sorry about that. You okay?"

Ari eyed him warily, trying to politely brush his hands off. "I'm fine."

"I sensed you here." He nodded his head to the lingerie store and his grin got a little less innocent and whole lot more wolfish. "Nice."

Since he wasn't pretending he wasn't Jinn, Ari decided to dispense with any pleasantries. "Who are you? What do you want?"

He frowned at her questions, looking more than a little displeased. "You don't remember me?"

The Jinn seemed genuinely hurt. Ari shrugged apologetically. "I've met a lot of new people lately. Sorry."

That appeared to appease the guy somewhat. "I'm Beau," he said, as if she should know who the hell he was.

"Um ..."

Beau glowered now. "We met at Emmett Bradford High School a few months ago. In Midland. Connecticut."

Just like that, Ari remembered. He was the cute guy who'd flirted with her as bad-boy Jai waited in the parking lot. Of course, that had been minutes before a bunch of crazy Jinn manipulated by The White King had come after her.

That day had been polluted with a lot of Jinn, and Ari's senses weren't as strong then as they were now. It could be the only reason she hadn't picked up on the fact that darling Beau was in fact a full-blooded Jinn. That didn't explain, however, why he was suddenly here ... in a somewhat creepy, stalker fashion.

"What are you doing here?" She started walking, her mind on getting him out of the mall and somewhere private.

She was thankful when he followed. "I mean, this is quite the coincidence."

"It's not." He threw her a smile as his eyes drank her in appreciatively.

Suddenly Ari wasn't feeling that his eyes were filled with innocence; it was more like the lightness of belief, and she was starting to get a bad vibe about it.

"Oh?" She kept her question curious, not agitated, but was glad to see the wall-to-wall glass exit doors up ahead.

"I know who you are. I've known for quite some time."

"And who am I?" she asked as she led him out into the mall lot. Her eyes quickly scanned the area and decided the best spot was in the far left corner. Most people had parked near the front, but the left side was quite full.

More coverage.

More privacy.

She headed in that direction, pretending her car was that way.

Beau grinned at her. "You're the daughter of a Jinn king."

Ari tried not to let that freak her out. Some Jinn knew who she was, and she guessed that within five years, every Jinn in both realms would know who she was.

"So you know who I am, but I'm still in the dark about you. What is a full-blood Jinn doing at a high school?"

What the freaking hell are you, in other words, and am I ethically bound to kill you?

"We've met before. I mean, before before. We've even kissed." His grin was not only cocky but also somewhat leering.

Ari tried to hide her shiver.

Instead she smiled, like she found this news interesting, welcoming even. "Really?" she came to a stop beside a high-sided SUV, blocking them from the view of anyone entering and exiting the mall. Hopefully, the cars behind blocked them from view on the opposite side.

"I possessed your friend Nick back in Sandford, Ohio." He took a step closer to her, his eyes drinking in her face.

Shock jolted through Ari at his casual confession. And she recognized that look. It was the same way Nick-possessed Nick-had looked at her. It'd made her extremely uncomfortable even then.

Not to mention he'd just answered her question. She definitely needed to take care of this guy, but she couldn't exactly conjure the black dust she'd used on him before when she and Charlie had attacked and taken him to the Aissawa Brotherhood for an exorcism. The Brotherhood was from Morocco, experts on exorcising Jinn from all sorts of places. Jai had called in a favor to get them to come and save her friend Nick from this guy. Ari now knew the black dust she'd used to incapacitate Nick/Beau was called Ephemeral. A natural crush of herbs mixed with a short-term enchantment, it had the power to knock a Jinn unconscious. But Ari couldn't conjure it out of thin air in front of him. It would be kind of a giveaway.

"Right," she murmured, trying to think fast. If this was that creepy-ass Jinn who had possessed Nick, then he was proving he was somewhat obsessed with Ari. She could use it against him.

Tilting her head a little flirtatiously, she licked her lips and watched his eyes flare at the move.

"It's quite a coincidence us meeting in Connecticut."

"Right," he agreed excitedly.

"That's what I thought. I fled Sandford after what happened and I was trying to forget you, but then you turned up and I'm like, that has to be fate, right?

We're destined." His eyes narrowed. "But then you kissed that guy who orchestrated the whole thing where the Aissawa Brotherhood ripped me out of Nick, and then all those Jinn turned up and you disappeared. I was trying to find you and then word started circulating-rumors about Lilif and you taking care of it. It led me right here."

"Mmm, all very interesting," she murmured and stepped even closer so their bodies were almost touching. "I think I like this body better than Nick's."

Beau's eyes darkened and before she could say another word, she was yanked against him and his mouth was on hers.

Her first instinct was to kick him in the balls and then teach him a lesson he'd never forget. How insane was this guy to think he could just stalk her and then kiss her?

Fortunately for Ari, her smarts kicked in before her knee did and she decided to go along with the kiss and use the distraction against him. She wound her arms around his neck and let a rush of magic flow from her hands. The satin pouch she'd conjured from Michael's herb stores was a comforting weight in her hand, but the use of magic had drawn Beau's attention.

He shoved her away in surprise.

"What the-?"

Ari had already blown the black dust in his face before he could finish the sentence. She watched with satisfaction as his eyes rolled into the back of his head. He collapsed with a dull thud against the concrete.

She glanced around hurriedly to check for witnesses and then telepathed Jai.

Five minutes later, a black Mustang pulled into the mall lot and got as close to Ari as possible. Jai and Gerard got out, hurrying toward her.

"We don't have a lot of time," Ari said as a welcome.

"What happened?" Jai asked, all concern as he and Gerard lifted Beau's body and used cloaking magic to hide him from human sight. They carried him to the back of the Mustang and threw him inside rather carelessly. Ari explained what had happened and by the time she was finished, the reddening anger on Jai's face made her nervous.

"We'll get him back to Michael's,"

Gerard assured Ari. "We'll need to get the Aissawa Brotherhood here to do an exorcism, and then we figure out how to trap him in a Secretum before he can get away."

Ari nodded in agreement. "I'll meet you guys back at Michael's."

***

Jai was not happy. Ari knew this because the entire time they were at Michael's discussing a plan of action for Beau/Nick/Stalker, Jai grunted answers at her and generally looked like any minute, he'd blow.

Thankfully, Trey was not home because as soon as Ari crossed the threshold, Jai let his annoyance be known.

"I can't believe you did that," he growled as he passed her to storm into the kitchen.

A little confused and more than irritated by his attitude, Ari followed, watching him as he pulled a bottle of water out of the fridge and took a long gulp. "What the hell is your problem?

Your attitude at Michael's ... what was that? Were you trying to embarrass me?"

Jai narrowed his eyes and put the bottle aside. "Embarrass you?"

"Snapping at me like I'm a five-year-old."

"How about snapping at you for the tricks you pulled to take Beau down."

"What are you talking about?"

"Flirting with him. Kissing him. You don't do that, Ari," he hissed, making her cheeks burn with anger. "You are not some skeezy succubus Jinn. You're a warrior."

"Hey, my mother was a succubus," she snapped.

"Exactly. And you're not your mother. Or at least I didn't think so."

Sensing where this was coming from, Ari crossed her arms. "I'm not your mother, either, FYI."

"Don't abbreviate shit," he muttered, taking another swig of water.

"Don't tell me not to abbreviate shit. Don't tell me what to do at all. I kissed a Jinn and used the distraction to bring him down. So what?" She sighed heavily. "You kiss women to put the trace on them. You kissed Fallon while I was standing in the next room."

"It's not the same thing."

"It is the same thing!"

"Well, I don't like it!"

This surprisingly irrational response from Jai made Ari freeze. She contemplated him a moment as he stewed in his own frustrations. "Why are you really mad?" she asked softly.

Jai shook his head, running a hand over his short hair. "Because it's been a month. Only a month. Is there ever going to be a time when my girlfriend doesn't attract some lowlife Jinn?"

This was one of the things Ari worried would put a strain on their relationship from the very beginning. His words, though quietly said with no vitriol, raised her hackles. "If it's such a problem for you, get a new girlfriend."

"Ari, that's not what I meant."

"No, what you meant is that you're sick and tired of me being a bad-boy Jinn magnet. Fine." She threw him a dirty look as she turned to leave the kitchen. "Next time, though, just say it rather than treating me like crap and pretending to be pissed off about something else. That's such a girl thing to do."

Ari had only moved three steps into the hall before she felt the wind whip her hair around her shoulders. Jai pressed against the wall, his body trapping hers. He was breathing heavily, obviously still annoyed, his lips hovering over hers.

"You and I keep butting heads like this, we're going to have to invest in some helmets," he murmured against her mouth, causing a delicious tingle in all Ari's girly places.

"Or you could just stop being an obnoxious jerk."

"You could stop being so defensive." He pinned her hands to the wall as he ran his nose along her jawline. "I'm not going anywhere. Ever. So when I get annoyed about you being a Jinn magnet, it doesn't mean I'm giving up." He pulled back to stare down into her face with his beautiful, soulful eyes. "I get to be frustrated, Ari. So do you. I also get to be pissed that my girlfriend kissed another guy, but since you had a point earlier about the trace, I've decided I'm not doing that anymore."

"You're not?" she whispered, her eyes dropping to his beautiful mouth. "Those lips are going to be for me and me alone?"

"Yeah," he promised just before he kissed her hard and deep. When he came up for air, he shot her a wicked smile.

"I have to admit-I like the making-up part of our little arguments."

Ari nodded and leaned in for more.

"Me too."

***

He moved above her in shadow and heat.

He was everything.

She sighed into the night, arching against him. Jai. Jai ...

His hot lips brushed hers, his callused hands smoothing over her skin, searching, touching, everywhere.

She wrapped her arms tighter around him, drawing him closer, needing to see his face, but it was cast in darkness.

Silken hair slid against her cheek and it took a moment before she realized it wasn't hers.

She froze.

He felt it.

Grim laughter vibrated through him and he pulled back, light moving across his face.

"This isn't over, Ari,"

Asmodeus warned, pressing his body deeper against hers.

Ari bolted out of the dream, her scream caught in her throat. Trembling, she tried to blink the sensual nightmare out of existence, her eyes falling on Jai who slept soundly beside her. Guilt clawed at her chest as her heart tried to slow, as her body attempted to come down from the dream in which she'd been making love to Asmodeus. All throughout it, her subconscious had believed she was with Jai and then ...

Why? She ran a shaky hand through her matted hair. She didn't have those kinds of feelings for Asmodeus. Maybe once, when they'd first met, she'd felt some bizarre attraction to him, but his tendency toward sociopathic had definitely hammered those feelings out of her.

Her eyes trailed along Jai's strong back, up his shoulders, to his face. His lips were parted slightly and Ari could still feel them on hers, still taste him against her tongue.

Jai was the only man she wanted.

Consciously or subconsciously.

Which meant Asmodeus was messing with her. Her eyes narrowed in the dark as she drew her knees to her chest. He was sending her a message.

He was telling her he hadn't forgotten.

22

The Fragile Ordinary

The sun was out, flooding Sandford with a little bit of warmth against the spring chill. Only thirty minutes ago, it'd been raining and Ari had been standing under a tree, hiding in the Cloak, attempting to catch a glimpse of Derek Johnson through the windows of his home.

Five minutes after the sun came out and only minutes before Ari was about to give up, the back door opened. Two little boys, about seven and nine, ran into the backyard with a soccer ball.

They were wearing worn jeans and T-shirts and immediately set themselves up, one in goal, one with the ball.

"Make sure the grass isn't too wet.

They'll ruin it," a female voice called from inside.

"They ruin it, they ruin it. What else is it for?" the familiar voice of Derek Johnson answered back seconds before he appeared in the doorway. He'd been frowning but as soon as his eyes took in his two kids, he grinned. "You letting Teddy be goalie this time, Jake?

What's the world coming to?"

"I'm feeling nice," the older boy answered with a shrug. Derek chuckled.

Ari hadn't expected to feel so much at his appearance. Theirs had been an exceptionally complicated relationship, disjointed, broken, loving but careless. Derek's less-than-brilliant parenting strategy had messed with Ari's head. She'd been a lonely teenager, somewhat unloved, though in desperate need of it. She'd made some crappy decisions based on that desperate need.

For the longest time, Ari had tried to work out how she felt about Derek. Sometimes she thought she resented him; other times she was grateful.

Now, despite the ache in her chest, Ari guessed she was just happy he wasn't alone. He had a family, he had kids, and she hoped to God he loved them more than he'd ever loved her.

With a sigh, she tread carefully away from the backyard until she had some privacy at the side of the house.

Letting the flames of the Peripatos surround her, she took off, next stepping into the Cloak in the Creaghs' front yard.

Ari blinked in surprise at the sight of Charlie making out with a brunette on his porch swing. She felt a flicker of residual jealousy that came from days and feelings much older than they really were. However, that flicker quickly disappeared, and Ari stepped toward the house in curiosity. The couple stopped kissing and the girl pulled back to smile somewhat shyly at Charlie. Ari didn't recognize her but she was pretty in a fresh-faced innocent way. Ari approved.

"I'm really glad your mom likes me, Charlie, but I think she might have an issue with us making out on her porch."

The girl bit her lip in a small smile. "Maybe we should stop."

Charlie grinned and brushed her hair off her face. "Babe, I'm pretty sure my mom knows we make out."

The girl laughed and snuggled closer to him. "Do you have to work tomorrow? Couldn't we sneak off for a picnic or something?"

"Unfortunately, I put my name down for overtime. But I'll make it up to you. Promise."

Ari smiled softly, moving slowly away. It had been four months since she'd said goodbye to Charlie and she'd promised herself that she would stay away. However, the feeling of protectiveness wasn't going away any time soon. She needed to know he was okay.

Apparently, he was more than okay.

She recognized that look in Charlie Creagh's eyes. He was falling in love with his shy brunette.

Even though he couldn't see her, Ari blew Charlie a kiss. She turned and strolled down his familiar street. It was Saturday and the sun was now shining. Folks were out in their yards, pulling up to their houses with the weekly shopping. Ordinary sounds, sounds of life-laughter, conversation, and the sounds of dogs communicating filled the street. A beautiful, untouched ordinary. And it was now Ari's job to make sure it stayed that way. She hunted, she killed, and she captured, just as she'd done in helping the Aissawa Brotherhood exorcise and trap Beau/Nick/Stalker in the Secretum some weeks back. Getting Beau back to his life after he'd missed months of it was harder because ... well, they didn't have time to help him assimilate. They pretty much dropped him off, back to his real life, to let his family deal with the memory loss. It sucked. But it would have sucked more if he'd been possessed for the rest of his life.

With a quick glance around, Ari turned down a path to a shadowed walkway between houses and used the Peripatos to take her home.

She appeared in the kitchen, not even causing a flinch of surprise from Trey or Glass. This was a Jinn world, after all. Flames and people appearing here and there was nothing out of the ordinary.

"Hey, guys," she said as she grabbed a soda from the fridge.

"Hey, Ari," Trey replied. Glass gave her a chin lift in answer.

The two of them were sitting at the breakfast table, obviously deep in conversation about something.

"I think they're ripping you off," Glass said.

Trey sighed. "It's a standard rate."

It occurred to her they were probably discussing the gallery commission for Trey's paintings. He had an upcoming show, and he and Glass seemed to be having this conversation a lot lately.

"We can do better."

"Glass ..."

Ari left them to it and wandered up the stairs where she sensed Jai. She found him in his room. He was sitting on a lounger reading. Leaning against the doorframe, she drank him in for a moment, feeling very lucky that she got to return home to him. Sensing her gaze, he laid his book aside and glanced up at her.

"Did you check in on them?"

Ari nodded. "They're both doing fine."

She smirked. "Charlie has a girlfriend. It looks serious."

Jai frowned. "How do you feel about that?"

She shrugged and sauntered casually toward him, placing her soda on top of his bookshelf to free her hands. Jai watched her with hooded eyes as she moved his book, careful to not lose his spot. With a smile, she placed a knee on either side of his hips and settled on his lap. Her hands drifted over his chest until they rested near his heart.

Jai's hands moved up her thighs to rest on her hips.

"I feel happy. Relaxed. It's been four months since Lilif, and three since we had to deal with anything major.

It's been nice. And it's wonderful to know Charlie is happy too."

Jai's right hand drifted across her lower belly, making her shiver. "I hate to spoil how relaxed you're feeling, baby, but Michael called while you were out." Ari tensed and Jai felt it, his eyes lifting from his hands to her face. "It's nothing bad. We have a new assignment."

She sighed and leaned her forehead against his. "Assassins are us."

He squeezed her waist. "We don't have to keep doing this if you're unhappy with it."

Ari leaned back in surprise. "You know that's not it. I like keeping people safe. It has a price, but it's worth it. I'm just sighing because vacation is over."

He nodded and leaned forward to kiss her gently. "Vacation is over."

23

A Star's Light Dims When It's Split in Two

"So we're getting a break, right?" Ari teased Michael as they settled around the Roes' dining table. "I mean, Jai, Trey, and I have dealt with two Ghulahs and a Qarin, one after the other. That means a break, right?"

Michael shrugged. "I could start alternating you so you don't go out as a team of three and two, but individually.

That way you'd each get a break."

Ari wrinkled her nose. "But not together."

"There's no rest for the wicked, I'm afraid."

Fallon sighed. "Quick, Mom, give Dad some food, he's starting to speak in cliche."

Caroline chuckled and brought out a large tray of roast potatoes. She placed them next to the chicken and everyone settled in, plenty of food on their plates. Jai spoke to Michael about the possibility of setting up language classes for the rest of the Guild since his lessons with Ari had gone fairly well; Caroline and Trey discussed the latest sale of one of Trey's paintings.

That left Ari and Fallon with Ari's nosy curiosity over a rumor she'd heard. "So spill," she murmured, tilting her head toward Fallon.

Fallon frowned. "About what?" she asked quietly.

"About a visitor Michael had and his interest in you."

Fallon rolled her eyes. She knew exactly what Ari was talking about. Two weeks ago the young leader of a neighboring Guild-the McEttricks-paid Michael a courtesy visit. He'd just taken over the Guild after the passing of his uncle. And young Eli McEttrick was easy on the eyes.

Ari met him briefly when Michael introduced her, Jai, and Trey to him. The neighboring Guilds now knew Michael had assassins on retainer in case they ever needed them, and Eli had been curious to meet them. A big guy, tall and well built, Eli came across to Ari as the kind of guy who didn't like BS. Well, Fallon Roe was the queen of zero-tolerance for BS.

Two days prior, upon returning from assignment with Jai, Ari bumped into Megan at the training center. She gleefully told Ari that Eli had paid another visit to Burlington, and he and Fallon had been seen getting rather cozy by his car.

Ari wanted to know what the deal was.

"It's nothing," Fallon replied in a hushed voice. "We met, we argued, we sparked, we argued some more, and then he kissed me out of the blue. It was nothing."

Ari grinned. "Was it hot?"

Fallon kept her eyes on her plate and grumbled, "So freaking hot."

"This might just-" Ari's words were cut off into frozen silence as cutlery clattered to the table. Flames hissed to life in the Roe's dining room and two tall, unfamiliar Jinn wearing stony expressions appeared out of the Peripatos.

Michael shot to his feet, his skin darkening with anger at the rude intrusion. "What is the meaning of this?"

Neither of the Jinn answered him; instead their gazes were fixed on Ari and Jai. Ari's chest grew tight, a tingle of warning shivering down her spine. "Ari, daughter of the White King, and Jai Bitar of the Ginnaye Tribe, you have been summoned to appear before His Majesty, Azazil, Sultan of All."

"What? Why?" Ari asked, slowly standing.

"It is not for us to question." The two Jinn rounded the table and Ari backed into Jai. His hands gripped her shoulders.

"Just do as they say," he told her quietly, the concern evident in his voice. Then he turned to Trey. "Tell Glass.

I want to make sure he and Red know what's happening."

Trey nodded, his jaw clenched in anger as he watched the Jinn take a hold of Jai and Ari. Ari felt cold at the Jinn's touch and closed her eyes, letting him steal her into the whirlwind ride to Mount Qaf.

***

Azazil sat casually in his throne upon the dais in his large ballroom, eyeing Ari in a way that suggested he was bored. This was where she'd first seen him, in this mirrored room, a space as vast as an airplane hangar. Unlike last time, Azazil was not only accompanied by his Shaitans but also by Asmodeus, who studied Ari with gloating triumph.

Ari did not like that expression.

She did not like that expression at all.

She cursed herself for thinking Asmodeus had moved beyond his idea of retribution.

"Your Highness," she finally spoke, sensing Jai's tension increasing beside her, "why did you request our presence?"

Before Azazil could answer, the huge double doors at the front of the hall swung open and to Ari's great relief, Red and Glass entered. They strode determinedly to the other end of the hall, ignoring the awed looks of the Shaitans as they passed. As they drew closer, Ari could see the solemnity in her uncles' faces.

"I don't remember inviting you,"

Azazil murmured, definitely amused as Red and Glass came to a halt beside Ari and Jai. They bowed deferentially to their father.

Once straightened, Red eyed his father, completely unamused. "We're here to make sure nothing untoward happens to Ari and Jai."

"Oh, how very noble," Azazil snorted and shot Asmodeus a grin. "I shall hand things over to you, my friend."

Asmodeus nodded militantly and then turned his cruel gaze on Ari. "I have petitioned the Sultan for his granddaughter's hand in marriage, and he has granted my request."

In the wake of his announcement, an utter, crisp, cold, disbelieving silence fell upon the room.

Ari quickly ran his words through her head again, bile rising in her throat as her brain processed their meaning.

Slowly, she and Jai turned their heads to look at one another. She saw the horror she felt reflected in his eyes and knew she hadn't misunderstood.

"WHAT?" she yelled, whipping back to Asmodeus, wishing she could set him on fire with her eyes. "Over my dead body," she growled.

She felt Red and Glass shift closer to her, tension mounting.

Azazil chuckled quietly to himself, enjoying it all immensely.

Asmodeus again wore the smug expression of victory. "Oh no," he took a few steps down the dais toward her, "that would be over his dead body." He nodded his head to Jai as he came to a stop, towering over them both. "If you do not comply, if you do not marry me and join my harem, I will see to it that your young Ginnaye here dies. So," Asmodeus reached up and stroked a finger along her jaw, down her throat, trailing his touch across her upper chest, "I think you best agree, and agree quickly."

Jai growled and lunged toward the lieutenant.

Red, however, saved him from the consequences of his impulsive attack. As if having already sensed Jai's oncoming loss of control, Red was a blur of movement, binding his arms around Jai, holding him back.

Asmodeus curled a lip at him and then swiftly transferred his sneer to Ari. "Jai Bitar is a prince among the Ginnaye. Do you know this, Ari? Not yet twenty-four years old and he has garnered the respect of the Ginnaye Tribes for his unwavering determination, power, and self-control. However, it seems when it comes to you, he loses everything that makes him remarkable. He loses control because of you, Ari, and I find I can relate. I have lost control of my existence around you. A girl.

Not yet even nineteen." He took a threatening step toward her. "You have brought two princes to their knees, and I find I am in the mood to give you a taste of how that feels."

"You can't do this." Ari gazed up at him in hatred, her fists clenched by her sides.

"I'm afraid if Father has granted his petition, then he can," Glass murmured as he eyed Asmodeus in disappointment.

"Father, I beg you to rethink this." The Red King, still holding Jai, looked up at Azazil with far more calm than Ari hoped he was feeling. "Ari and Jai have done much for us. Is this how you would repay them?"

Azazil scoffed. "I am giving her to Prince Asmodeus as a bride. Do you know how many young Jinn girls would be kissing my feet in gratitude at such a gift?"

Desperation flooded Ari and she found her eyes drawn back to Jai. He was no longer struggling against Red, but she could see his loss of power cut him deep. She could also tell he was deliberately not looking at her, and she knew it was because if he did, he would lose it completely.

"I won't do it." Ari shook her head.

"And I won't let her do it," Jai added darkly.

"It has been commanded of you by Azazil. If you defy him, you both die." Asmodeus eyed Jai. "If you defy me, I will kill you, boy. So let me ask you something ... how much do you really love her? Will you let her go willingly and give her the peace of mind that the man she loves at least is out there somewhere, alive and healthy, or do you get in my way and I kill you? If I kill you, she has to live with the fact that she is responsible for your murder. Would you put her through that?"

Jai registered the threat and although the fight did not leave his eyes, he relaxed. Red reluctantly loosened his hold. At the same time, tears fell silently down Ari's cheeks.

They were trapped.

She couldn't think of a way out of this one.

As if he knew she'd come to that realization, Asmodeus whispered, "I told you I would make you feel what I felt when I had to kill Lilif. You took my other half, Ari. Now I'm taking yours."

***

There appeared to be no oxygen in the chamber where she and Jai had been put for the night. As an act of "kindness," Azazil was allowing Ari and Jai one last night together. In two days' time, there was to be a celebratory feast announcing Asmodeus's betrothal to Ari and then two days after that, the wedding.

As extra punishment, Jai was to remain on Mount Qaf until the ceremony was complete. Asmodeus wanted Ari to feel the pain of having Jai bear witness to his utter loss.

In the end, when even Glass and Red could do nothing to change Azazil's mind, Ari had given in that this was happening. She couldn't think of what lay ahead with Asmodeus. All she could feel was that what lay ahead did not include Jai. And the pain she felt ... the pain was unbearable. It radiated out from her chest and formed a lump in her throat and a knot in her stomach.

Her life, her future had changed in the matter of minutes and although she should be used to it by now, she couldn't process it. She couldn't process how her future happiness had been destroyed in an instant.

She was alone now with Jai. She stood by the end of the bed, gazing at him in heartbreak, his eyes dark with rage and denial. "We have to leave," he suddenly said, his voice different, thick and hostile.

Ari shook her head. "Jai, they'll kill you."

"Do you want to marry him?" he asked hoarsely, his eyes flashing as he strode toward her. He gripped her upper arms and gave her a little shake, causing her to gasp and reach for him. "Do you want to spend your life in his harem? Bending to his every whim? His every whim, Ari? You'll be his bride. You'll be in his bed." Jai's grip grew more painful. "Do you want me to just stand by and let that happen?"

"Jai ..." The tears spilled over her lids now and she blindly reached for him, trying to soothe him. "Stop ..."

His breath shuddered as he pulled her closer, his voice choked with emotion. "We'll never see each other again."

He ducked his head so their faces were inches apart and for the first time ever, she saw tears shimmering in Jai Bitar's eyes. It killed her. An anguished sob broke between her lips. "I can't live without you."

She fell against him and his arms came around her tight as she cried her heartache into his body, his own still trembling. Slowly, their knees gave out and they sat together on the floor, clinging onto one another in desperation.

Hours seemed to pass before Jai finally placed fingers gently to her chin and lifted her head to stare into her eyes. "I'd die so you wouldn't end up in his hands."

She shook her head, everything hurting, even her gums. "I'm going to end up in his hands no matter what, and he was right. I'll only be able to survive it if I know that you're out there somewhere and that you're okay."

"Why aren't you fighting this?" Jai asked roughly. "You've fought everything. Why not this?"

"Because," she sniffed, brushing frantically at tears that wouldn't stop flowing, "you didn't see him when he killed Lilif. It destroyed any little piece of light that was left in him, and all that darkness, all that darkness in him is directed at me. He's got Azazil on his side, Jai. The Sultan. There's nowhere we could go to escape that. The last time they wanted something from me, they got it-the Seal. There was nothing I could do to stop Asmodeus punching a hole in my chest. The only thing I had left was bargain. I bargained for a favor. Well, this time you are my bargain. If I do this willingly, he'll let you live."

"Not without first making me watch the moment I lose the woman I love forever."

"Jai-"

"I'm not giving in!" he roared, standing, glaring down at her, his chest heaving with passion. "There has to be a way!"

"Jai-"

"I'll fight him for you."

Ari stood up slowly, her expression aghast. "You can't be serious."

"Would you die for me?" She stared at him in silent panic. He knew she would, but she couldn't admit it and strengthen his argument. "Ari, would you die for me?"

She closed her eyes and two more tears slipped down her cheeks.

"Ari?"

Stop.

"Would you die for me?"

"Yes." As soon as she uttered the word, she knew there would be no talking Jai out of it. Although it killed her to do it, she called in help.

Red, I need you to come take Jai. I need you to watch over him until this is all over so he doesn't do anything to get himself killed.

The last word was barely sent when the flames flickered into the room. Red and Glass stepped out of the Peripatos and immediately took hold of a surprised Jai.

"What the hell are you doing?" he bit out, struggling against their grip. His eyes flew to Ari. "What are you doing?"

Ari hurried over to him and ignoring her uncles, she stood on tiptoes and pressed a hard kiss filled with longing against Jai's mouth. When she pulled back, his expression had dimmed from rage to desolation. "I won't let you die for me."

She turned, closing her eyes and cradling her chest as if she could somehow contain the pieces of her broken heart. Red and Glass removed Jai from the room, his shouts for her echoing in her ears.

24

Blood Brothers

He wasn't allowed even an inch of space to breathe.

Jai bowed his head, knees drawn up, hands dangling uselessly over them. The Red King was sitting in a similar position, their backs to the wall of Red's chamber in Azazil's palace. Red was almost pressed up against him, close in case Jai decided to do something stupid like attempt to use the Peripatos to get to Ari and to get off Mount Qaf.

Jai warred with himself. He wasn't the type of guy who could sit and do nothing, but he knew if he did anything, it would end in his death and Ari would blame herself. His throat burned and drew tight, and for a moment he fought to breathe.

Red sighed beside him. "I cannot make you any promises this won't go ahead, Jai. But I can tell you, while I stay here with you, Glass is out there and he is trying."

"Why?" Jai asked bitterly. "Really?

Why have you allied yourself with us? And why should I believe it?"

"I'll try not to let that piss me off," Red replied with an edge in his tone, "since I know you're going through something right now."

"Didn't answer my question."

Red sighed again. "I am loyal to my father, Jai, because of who he is, and because in the grand scheme of things, he will always try to protect these worlds and the balance. I am loyal to Glass, because we have proven ourselves to each other. We know that neither one of us would betray the other, to anyone, not even to Father. And I find I am loyal to Ari because even after everything, even after my deceit, she threw herself in front of my mother's attack to save me. She has proven herself my ally.

I am loyal to her, and since there is nothing in these worlds that means more to her than you, I am consequently loyal to you too."

Jai found a small amount of relief in that. He turned to Red, and although the words killed him to form, he asked, "If we can't get her out of this, will you still watch over her? Make sure he doesn't hurt her?"

Something flashed in Red's eyes and Jai finally saw for himself Red's loyalty and affection for Ari. He hated the thought of her with Asmodeus almost as much as Jai did. "I will protect her if it comes to that. And if it doesn't ... I will still make sure she is protected."

"He won't give up. Asmodeus ... even if we find a way out ... he won't stop."

Red's jaw clenched as he turned to stare out at the night sky through the balcony window. "I'll make it so he has to."

***

"No," Trey breathed, slumping down in a chair, his heart pounding hard in his chest. The rest of the Roes stood in tense silence, taking in what the Glass King had just relayed.

"Isn't there something we can do?"

Fallon asked. Trey heard the panic he was feeling in her voice. "We can't leave Ari to that. We can't let that happen to Ari or Jai. Not after everything they've done."

Trey looked up at Glass, hope in his eyes. Surely Glass and his brother Red wouldn't let Asmodeus marry Ari. It wasn't possible. Not after everything they'd all been through.

Glass met Trey's eyes and within, he saw love and determination. All of it for Trey. He'd do anything for him.

Trey knew this because he'd already sacrificed something incredibly precious for Trey. It should've scared him to have a Jinn king-an actual freaking Jinn king-give such devotion. The Glass King, like all the Jinn kings, could be a ruthless bastard when he wanted to be. He would always make the hard choices, and sometimes Trey wasn't going to agree with those choices. It should terrify him. But it didn't. He was in love with Glass. So deep in love, that sometimes scared him. There was the consolation, however, that he would most probably never lose him. He was a freaking Jinn king after all. No one messed with a Jinn king.

So the ache Trey felt in his chest about Ari and Jai's predicament wasn't just because he loved Ari, it was because he loved Jai, and he knew what it would do to him to lose Ari. He understood it because what Jai felt for Ari, Trey felt for Glass.

"We have to do something," Trey murmured. "There has to be a way."

Glass shook his head slightly, and Trey could see he hated delivering this news to him. "There is only one way out of this, and there is a huge possibility it won't work. I'm leaving now to attempt to do what I can, but I don't want to leave you with hope. I need you all to come to terms with the fact that there is a great chance Ari will be lost to you."

Trey's throat tightened and he nodded sharply before turning his gaze on his companions. Fallon stood beside her father, fists clenched at her sides, face red with anger. Her mother sat across from Trey, Caroline's face pale, eyes sad. Michael stood by his daughter, and Trey could only describe his expression as pained. Trey knew Michael had become especially fond of Ari and even more so of Jai over the last few months.

Trey fought back the tightness in his throat and glanced back at Glass. "Do what you can."

Glass bowed his head and stepped back into the Peripatos to try to save their friends from tragedy.

***

Sleep evaded Ari. The entire night was a battle against despair, her mind racing over possible solutions to fight back the inevitable loss of her future. When morning broke, she was exhausted and trying very hard not to be defeated.

When Asmodeus turned up at her chamber and demanded her company for the day, she found herself leaving with him willingly-the hope being that she could find the Jinn who'd sat on sandy beaches with her in her dreams and shown her that inside him somewhere was wisdom, light, and a modicum of goodness.

They strode through the palace grounds, the warm Mount Qaf air blowing through Ari's hair. She saw the sly grins of the market sellers and patrons and knew that word had spread about their impending nuptials. "They know," she said flatly.

He strolled beside her, arms behind his back, his hard face tilted slightly toward the sky. "Yes, they know."

"Doing this won't bring her back."

"No. However, it will destroy you and scratch an itch of mine at the same time." He slanted a darkly heated look her way. "I've wanted you in my bed a while. We both know that."

Ari blanched at the thought. "How can you want me when you hate me?"

Asmodeus laughed, a bitter, horrible sound. "Do you not understand yet, Ari?" He led her to end of the courtyard where they could be alone, perched upon one of the highest peaks of Mount Qaf. The emerald chips in the mountains winked and sparkled in the sun, casting rays of green light here and there. Asmodeus leaned on the wall and Ari felt a chill bleed out of her veins at the sinister look on his face. "I killed my sister-my twin-because of you." He looked at Ari again. "And I don't hate you. That," he leaned into her now, his eyes roaming her face, "is why I am doing this to you."

"Out of guilt," she curled her lip in anger. "You're doing this because of your own guilt?"

"If I can't hate you, I need to find my vengeance somehow." Asmodeus smiled, but it wasn't the least bit pleasant.

"I want you in my bed and I want you out of Jai Bitar's life. Not only will it break your heart to leave him, but oh, Ari," he breathed, his voice thickening with sexual intent, "what will make it sweeter is the guilt you'll feel when you discover you enjoy being in my bed."

Rage and impotence ripped through her and she shoved her face aggressively in his, forgetting he could crush her in a second. "I will never enjoy your hands on me. Never."

Asmodeus merely laughed. "A woman's body can betray her. Yours definitely will."

Tears shimmered in Ari's eyes. "I hate you."

In a blur of movement she found herself caught in his clutches, his hand gripping her nape tightly, painfully, as he hauled her up against his body. She strained against him as he leaned down to brush his mouth across hers. He pulled back and his eyes bore into hers, heavy with malice. "Good," he murmured softly.

25

The Rebellious Puppet

The mirrored room, that vast space Ari had always considered a ballroom because of its size, was actually just Azazil's receiving room. The ballroom was smaller, although still sizeable, and it was surprisingly a little warmer in style than the rest of Azazil's palace. The marble floor was shot through with silver crystal dust, the walls a soft buttercream, broken up by elaborate sconces and paintings. The paintings were of all different styles-Impressionism, post-Impressionism, pre-Raphaelite, Surrealism ... None of it was coherent stylistically but it followed a theme: all the paintings captured images of the Jinn world.

Heavy brocade curtains draped windows and archways. Three massive crystal-drop chandeliers hung from the ceiling. Banquet tables lined the edges of the room while a phantom orchestra played classical music with a hint of the Middle East. Hundreds of Jinn, lesser Royals, and important landowners mingled around the room, the energy vibrating with power and magic and excitement that after centuries and centuries, Prince Asmodeus had finally chosen a bride to be head of his harem.

Azazil sat in his throne on a small dais at the north end of the room. He wore black silk pants, his feet bare, his torso also, although covered slightly by a long black cape. It had armholes so that it concealed some of his torso, but his bare arms were decorated with mysterious black tattoos, a pattern of swirls and curlicues Ari did not understand. Gold cuffs adorned both wrists, a large emerald stone in the center of each. A long, white braid threaded with thin, gold chains stretched down his back, and in his ears dangled earrings of emerald and gold.

His lieutenant, Asmodeus, and Ari's detestable betrothed, wore black leather pants. His feet were also bare and he wore no shirt, displaying a powerful upper body. His long, dark hair spilled down his back like black silk, and he wore a decorative gold torc that clipped from the back of his neck and fitted in a wide off-circle across his collarbone and upper chest. Inset with rubies and emeralds, the torc matched the cuffs around his wrists. Spanning his massive biceps were plain gold circlets.

The two of them were dressed to impress. As, unfortunately, was Ari. Female Shaitans had come to her room hours before the "celebratory" feast, and outfitted Ari to Asmodeus's request. This meant she was wearing an emerald green dress that revealed much more than she'd like it to. It was made of light chiffon silk and although long, the skirt was split into four panels so that when Ari walked, it revealed her bare legs. She was also barefoot, but she had a gold spiraling cuff that started at her ankle and wound its way up her right calf. It matched the gold spiral wrist cuffs and the spiral drop earrings. Her hair was loose because Asmodeus liked it that way. The vile bastard.

Ari glowered out into the ballroom, her expression only changing from hatred to agonized longing when she allowed her gaze to stop on Jai. He stood in the far right corner with the Red King, who stood vigil at his side. Jai's gaze did not waver from her. Red clamped a hand on Jai's shoulder to stop him from moving toward Ari.

"I keep warring between sympathy and amusement over this, Asmodeus," Azazil suddenly said. Ari jerked her gaze to the Sultan to see he was eyeing Jai. "Perhaps we should move it along before my sympathy gets the better of me."

Asmodeus's expression darkened. "My mercurial master is not going to change his mind on me."

"That sounded like a demand."

Azazil tilted his head to smirk at his lieutenant. "You are getting bold, Asmodeus."

"I just don't want my fun spoiled."

Ari waited with bated breath to see what Azazil would say.

He heaved a sigh and flicked a bejeweled hand at Asmodeus. "I am not going to change my mind. You need not worry. It's just there are few real warriors among the lesser Jinn and we are baiting the one we have. I suggest you get your cruel torment over with before I decide to alter your vengeance to Ari only."

"Fine." Asmodeus growled in the back of his throat. He clutched Ari painfully by her bicep and dragged her down the dais as Azazil announced to the room that Asmodeus was going to have his first dance with his betrothed. The floor cleared quickly, the curious Jinn huddling to the edges of the room, their bodies like a treasure chest of jewels in such richly colored clothes.

To cause as much pain as possible, Asmodeus didn't stop until they were on the south end of the dance floor, close to Jai and Red. Ari glanced at Jai only to have her head whipped around as Asmodeus hauled her into position.

She stood stiffly in front of him, not moving.

Asmodeus tilted his head, eyes narrowing. "Dance with me or I'll make him suffer for your disobedience."

"Bastard," she whispered as she stepped into him and placed her hands very tentatively on his shoulders. It was quite the stretch since he was so tall, and she felt him bend slightly to her as his own large hands settled on her hips. He swayed them to the music and Ari felt the heat of Jai's gaze burn on her neck.

The torturous moment seemed to last forever until Asmodeus drew her even tighter against him. She tried to strain back but he was too strong, and before she could stop him, he kissed her. Not a slight brush of lips against lips, but a hard kiss, forcing her mouth open so his tongue could touch hers.

Ari bit down hard and he made a rough sound before he yanked her away. She tasted blood on her tongue and smiled wickedly at him. Asmodeus's face darkened and he whirled her around, pulling her back against his front so she was facing Jai. At that same moment, two Shaitans appeared in front of Jai, ignoring Red's commands to step back.

Instead one of them pulled out a long strand of thin, hard leather attached to a gripped handle.

A whip.

The Shaitan gave an expert flick of his wrist and the leather cracked loudly against the marble floor in front of Jai. The guests gasped, excited whispers filling the ballroom.

"For every bite," Asmodeus informed her quietly in her ear, "he suffers a lashing."

Ari's eyes sought Jai and she could see him battling with control. She gave him a slight shake of her head just before Asmodeus turned in his arms again and kissed her.

She let him. She didn't respond but she didn't bite him, either. Just as he let her go, Jai telepathed to her, I would have preferred the lash.

Ari closed her eyes, her shoulders tense with shame. I love you, she promised him. I'm just trying to protect you.

You can't. This is torture.

Tears spilled down Ari's cheeks as she turned back to face Jai. Their eyes met and she felt the connection to him hold tight, deep down in the very core of her soul. I promised I'd let you go if it meant saving you.

Then you should have run it past me first. I have a few issues with that promise.

Jai ... please.

His expression shifted and she watched his shoulders slump just slightly, enough so that Red took a protective step toward him. Jai gave her a tiny nod. I love you too.

"Now, children," Asmodeus's voice rumbled loudly for all to hear. "It is rude to telepath in company." He spun slowly on his heels and addressed the room. "I think the feast is over. I'd like to retire with my bride-to-be and sample her wares, as they say."

As Ari froze, the crowd surprised her by eliciting shocked and offended gasps. She looked at their frowning expressions and glanced up the hall to Azazil.

"No!" she cried out and shook her head, pleading with him not to let Asmodeus take her.

Azazil heaved a heavy sigh as he stood from his throne and walked down the dais, a giant among Jinn as he passed. Everyone hurried to bow, yet not even Azazil's presence among them cleared the uncertainty and disapproval from their expressions.

Azazil stopped before Ari and Asmodeus. He gave Asmodeus a look he might give a teenager who was attempting to push his parent to the very limit. "Unfortunately, Asmodeus, there are still some rules in this world that even I won't break. Without these rules, we'd be uncivilized animals." His voice lowered now and his lips twitched with amusement as he continued, "I especially won't break them in front of witnesses." He turned to his guests and raised his voice. "The bride will not share a bed with her betrothed until the marriage ceremony is complete."

Asmodeus, to Ari's surprise, grunted. "We are only delaying the inevitable."

"Asmodeus," Azazil warned.

He held up his hands in surrender.

"Fine. We shall wait." He smiled at Ari now as he stroked her cheek with faux tenderness. "Off to bed, then, with your reprieve."

"Let Jai go," Ari suddenly pleaded with Azazil, knowing she was pushing it, but needing to. "Don't make him watch this."

Azazil's mouth twisted at the request and then he shrugged, flicking Asmodeus a look. "I promised my lieutenant he could have this vengeance. Unfortunately, that includes the Ginnaye.

My hands are tied. You know better than anyone that when I grant a favor, I don't renege on it."

Ari paled at the reminder that she was the reason this was all happening in the first place. She swallowed his reminder and with one last long look cast Jai's way, she spun and hurried out of the ballroom, followed quickly by her guards.

***

After such a trying night, Red had finally done Jai a favor and knocked him out so he could at least get some sleep. It meant he was out, unconscious on the bed, when Glass finally made it back to Mount Qaf.

Red took one look at Glass's face as he stepped out of the Peripatos and felt his hope for his young niece and her lover wither in his stomach.

"How was the feast?" Glass asked quietly, shooting a questioning look at Jai's sleeping form.

Red exhaled hard. "So difficult even Father felt uneasy about making Jai watch."

Glass's expression darkened.

"Asmodeus has gone too far."

"I take it our idea did not work, considering you haven't mentioned it."

Glass was silent for a moment and when his gaze met Red's, Red cursed in anger. "The bastard!"

"I explained everything to him but he remained unmoved."

"What did he say?"

"Not a word. He pulled the silent treatment on me," Glass said.

"After everything ..."

"Is there nothing else we can do?"

Red lowered himself to his armchair and bowed his head in defeat. "I fear we have lost this one, Brother."

26

From Unexpected Places

For two days she'd been locked in her chamber with no company, no news, nothing but the dreaded ticking of time that drew her closer and closer to the inevitable.

There was no word from Asmodeus, none from Red or Glass, and definitely none from Jai. When she thought about the fact that she would never again have a conversation him, or be held by him, her chest grew tight and little dark spots cluttered her vision as she fought to breathe.

A panic attack.

She hadn't had one of those in a while.

Unfortunately, despite the lack of contact, Ari wasn't hopeless. She was giving into the inevitable but there was still a place inside of her that hoped that somehow, this wouldn't happen. That hope would be the death of her, she knew.

On the morning of the wedding, Ari threw up the prior night's dinner. She hadn't managed to eat much, so it was a surprise to have so much come back up again.

Shaitans arrived at her chamber to outfit her in a surprisingly very Western white bridal gown. She guessed it was Asmodeus's way of making her feel every inch the bride. Twisted bastard.

The dress was much more demure than the one she'd been forced to wear two nights before, but that's all Ari noticed about it. She stood like an unfeeling statue as the Shaitans worked, and when they were done, she numbly allowed them to lead her through the palace to the ballroom where the ceremony would take place. Garlands and decorations were everywhere around the palace, as if this creepy event was something to celebrate. Stomach heavy with fate, Ari sucked in her breath and took a step into the ballroom. Like a traditional wedding, the guests were seated on either side of an aisle. At the top of the aisle, Azazil sat on his throne, and Asmodeus stood with a Marid Ari recognized. It was Adeel, the Marid who'd overseen Charlie's trial on Mount Qaf.

Her eyes automatically scanned the room in search of Jai and she found him in the crowd near the front, the Red and Glass Kings on either side of him.

As the Shaitan behind her nudged her toward the aisle, Ari kept her eyes trained on Jai and imagined that she was walking this aisle toward him instead. Music filled the room as she slowly made her way on trembling legs down a pathway of exotic petals. Gradually it grew harder and harder to breathe as her chest heaved up and down with the effort. She was close to hyperventilating.

"Uh, I do so hate to spoil this pretty scene," a familiar, rumbling voice sounded around the room. The music instantly stopped. So did Ari, her heart jumping as she whirled around and found herself looking down the aisle to her father, the White King. "But I am going to, anyway." His face was expressionless as he passed Ari, his eyes barely meeting hers as he glided by in blue robes and pants. Diamonds winked in his ears and gold glittered on his hands. He'd dressed up for the occasion.

What was he doing here? Had he come to witness his daughter's downfall?

Or ...

No. She daren't even hope.

Wide-eyed, she whirled around to watch as he strode with determination to the bottom of the dais. White bowed to his father and then stood and said, "A wedding ceremony for my daughter? My invitation must've gotten lost in the mail."

Azazil grinned at him, but Ari thought she caught a flicker of annoyance in his expression. "Indeed, Son, it must have. But you are here now, and you can watch with pride as your beautiful daughter marries Asmodeus. What a triumph for her, no?"

Asmodeus took a step toward White, his own expression granite. "Why don't you take a place in the crowd, White. I know you have no concern for her. Let this be."

White shot him a condescending look. "I am afraid I cannot do that."

Ari held in a gasp, taking a stumbling step toward them, her pulse throbbing in her throat.

"You see," White cast his eyes around lazily, as if completely bored with the situation, "I do not remember agreeing to a betrothal."

Again, just as they'd done at the feast, the crowd gasped. Ari's eyes searched them frantically, wondering what that meant. What does it mean?

Azazil snorted at the comment. "I thought your agreement irrelevant considering your lack of paternal affection for the girl."

"Father," The White King's tone was almost mocking, "Surely you know me better than that by now. I am such a stickler for rules, am I not? And ultimately, it is up to the father of the bride whom he allows her to marry."

Hope exploded through Ari and her eyes sought Jai. He was gazing back at her, looking as if he was going to burst out of the crowd toward her any minute. And in his eyes she saw the same hope she was feeling.

They both turned to look back at the kings and found Azazil was no longer amused. He narrowed his eyes on the White King. "Are you suggesting you are not in favor of a match between Ari and Asmodeus?"

"Indeed."

Ari sagged at that one word.

"It is a matter of honor, you see,"

White continued. "My daughter has already approached me concerning a betrothal to another and I have agreed to allow her to marry him. I could not go back on my word."

"You're lying," Asmodeus growled, but Azazil, although unhappy, held up a hand to halt him.

Azazil curled a lip at his son. "If you mean this, my word to Asmodeus is superseded by the law."

"I am aware of that, Father."

"You're lying about this, aren't you?"

White suddenly wore a wicked smile.

"Prove it."

A simmering heat built among the three of them until Azazil finally asked, "And who is the man she is betrothed to?"

"I think we can all guess," Asmodeus hissed.

"Jai Bitar of the California Ginnaye Tribe."

Ari's knees nearly gave out in relief, and she closed her eyes, bowing her head as tears leaked down her cheeks.

"You would see your daughter joined with a lesser Jinn instead of becoming bride to the first and most powerful Marid in our worlds?" Azazil asked in utter disbelief.

White merely shrugged. "As I stated, it is a matter of honor. Jai has guarded my daughter well these last few months. He will continue to do so as her husband."

The Sultan sneered. "He was guarding her from you."

Ari's father smirked, obviously enjoying the fact that he'd ruined his father's and Asmodeus's sick fun. "Do you not love the irony of it?"

Some tittered in the crowd but abruptly stopped when Azazil flashed them a deadly look. "Fine," he snarled.

"Ari Johnson and Jai Bitar are free to go."

Just like that.

It was over.

Her eyes clashed with Jai's and his mouth was curling at the corners in relief. Before Ari could go to him, however, the White King gave his father a militant nod. He then turned on his heel and swiftly walked back down the aisle and past Ari without a word.

What?

Heart racing, Ari shot Jai a look that told him to follow and she ran down the aisle after her father, holding up the train of her ridiculous gown.

"Wait!" she called, as she stumbled out of the ballroom, her eyes on her father's departing back.

The White King stopped just as Jai appeared beside Ari, his hand immediately seeking hers. Ari almost wept with relief at the feel of it, and she sagged against his side as her father turned to look at her with his dark, alien eyes.

Ari shivered, unnerved as always.

"Why? How?" she asked softly.

"My brother, Glass, paid me a visit."

"Glass?"

He nodded, face blank. "Yes. He told me what the Sultan's new form of entertainment was and well ... it pleases me to thwart my father."

"That's why?"

His gaze sharpened and he took a step toward her. "Do not mistake my actions as affection. I will leave that to my brothers, Red and Glass, who seem to have developed an unseemly fatherly devotion to you."

Ari ignored his reproach and felt a warmth in her chest knowing Red and Glass really did care for her. She'd have to thank them profusely later. Their affection, however, did nothing to soothe the hurt. She'd never have her real father's love. That was clear now. She squeezed Jai's hand and leaned even more heavily against him, needing his strength. "You could've given me to anyone, though. Why Jai?"

The White King flicked a disinterested look Jai's way before turning back to Ari. "My brother asked me to stipulate it. Since I believe in balance, I granted his request."

"Balance?" Ari's eyebrows puckered in confusion.

White cocked his head to the side, studying Ari in that way that always freaked her out. "All I have ever wanted was to have the order of the Jinn return to normality. We give balance. We let evil play out as long as it is balanced by the good. My brothers and I played an important role in that when we governed over days of the week. I wanted the old world restored and I believed Lilif was the only Jinn who could help me do that. Instead, she tricked me and sought absolute chaos. I am to blame for that almost happening and if it were not for you, she would have accomplished her goal. I owed you for that. Now the debt is paid."

Ari nodded, understanding that at least. He had caused her a lot of pain. A ton of it, actually, but today he'd saved her from the worst of it. And for that, she was grateful. "Thank you."

White frowned in distaste at her gratitude. "Still so human," he muttered and without another word, he whirled around, his robes billowing behind him, and strode down the palace corridors, flames erupting around his heels, taking him away into the Peripatos.

Ari turned her body fully into Jai, breathing him in as his strong, hard arms wrapped around her, crushing her to him. His mouth was on hers before she could say a word and she melted into his kiss. She knew he could taste her tears of relief spilling down her cheeks to her lips.

***

Homecoming had been emotional as Ari was pulled into Trey's arms, then Fallon's, then Caroline's, and surprisingly even Michael's.

As she stood back and watched Jai get similar treatment (although it was more a masculine back thump from Trey and Michael), it occurred to her that she had people who truly cared about her. Not just her, but Jai.

They'd all been heartbroken for them and were absolutely delighted to have them back, and back together.

However, before Ari could enjoy the moment, Red and Glass rather impolitely ushered Ari, Jai, and Trey out of the Roes' house and into their own.

"What's going on?" Jai asked, his arm still wrapped around Ari's waist.

Since their quick escape from Mount Qaf, he'd barely let go of her.

Red and Glass gave them hard looks.

"This isn't over. It won't ever be over unless I do something about it," Red informed them quietly, gravely.

Ari and Jai gazed at one another with puckered eyebrows before Ari asked Red what he meant.

"You know Asmodeus will just find another way to torment you, don't you?"

She gulped at the thought, uneasiness dampening her glow of relieved happiness. "Yes."

"I won't let that happen. Enough is enough."

Jai took a step nearer to Red, his body solid with tension. "What can we do?"

"Not we. I." Red nodded to Glass and Trey. "Tell them."

Glass tilted his head at Ari. "Have you felt anything different about Trey? Something about his aura. Does it feel ... like mine?"

Ari nodded, her grip on Jai tightening. "Yes. How did you ... I thought ..." She cleared her throat. "I assumed it was something to do with him spending so much time with you." She blushed now. "Intimately."

Trey grinned at her embarrassment, obviously finding her guess amusing.

Glass frowned at him, silently telling him to grow up. That only made Trey grin harder. With a sigh, Glass turned back to Jai and Ari. "When Pazuzu slit Trey's throat, I made a decision.

A decision no Jinn king has ever made. I cannot allow harm to come to Trey, and the only way to avoid that was to give him a piece of me."

Ari and Jai said nothing, trying to process what the hell Glass meant. He continued, "You know that pieces of a Jinn can be taken and placed within others. You saw that with your mother, Ari, when Red and I took a piece of her and placed it within the Jinn trapped in your father's bottle. When White killed that Jinn, that piece of Sala returned to her. I gave a piece of myself to Trey but in the event that Trey dies, the piece of me will die with him. I have made it so. I have made it so that no one will harm him. If they harm him, they harm me, and if they harm me-"

"They disrupt the balance," Ari finished, her eyes wide with astonishment. Glass loved Trey so much, he would do such a thing, make such a sacrifice? It was mind-boggling.

"But when Trey dies a natural death ...?" Jai whispered, obviously just as shocked.

Glass shook his head. "He is imbued with me and with my power. Trey will live indefinitely. That's why I had to ask his permission before I did it."

Ari's jaw dropped as she turned to her friend. "Trey, you're immortal?"

No longer smiling, Trey nodded. "I want to be with him," he replied simply.

Red took control of the conversation again. "With your permission, I am going to place a piece of myself inside each of you."

The floor might as well have disappeared beneath Ari's feet, and as if sensing that, Jai held her tighter.

"What?" she croaked.

The Red King studied her carefully, softly. "You remind me so much of your mother. I miss her, Ari. Every day. The only thing that makes her loss bearable is a promise I made to her. I promised to protect you. There have been moments when I didn't know if I could keep that promise, but when you threw yourself on the proverbial blade for me, I no longer had any doubts. If I can use my brother's words, it is a matter of honor.

If you have a piece of me inside you, Azazil will command Asmodeus to leave you alone."

"For eternity," Jai replied, his tone suggesting uncertainty. "Because we'll be immortal too."

Red sensed his wariness over life everlasting and nodded his head at Ari. "You love her? You don't want to live without her? Ari is the daughter of a Jinn king and an Ifrit, Jai. Even with your mother's blood, you will not live as long as Ari will. She will outlive you. Perhaps by many a long year."

Her uncle's prophecy lodged into a hard, painful ball in her chest as she turned in Jai's arms to gaze up at him, clearly expressing her fear over having to live without him. It was too close to the bone to think about rationally, to remember that even so, they'd have a long, happy life together. "Jai," she begged without needing to say the words.

He brushed his fingers tenderly down her cheek. "It's forever, Ari. Forever is a very long time."

"But it's forever with you."

His eyes flared bright at her words and he leaned down to press his forehead against hers, taking a moment to feel her and breathe her in. She reciprocated, though her muscles were tense with question. Would he accept Red's offer? For her?

Jai pulled back and looked at the Red King, resolve etched in his features. "Yes. We'll accept your extremely kind offer, Red."

Red appeared to relax right along with Ari.

"Brace yourself," Trey suddenly murmured darkly. "This is going to hurt like a bitch."

Red grimaced. "He's not wrong."

Epilogue

Always

"We spend a lot of time in cemeteries and

graveyards," Ari observed casually as she and Jai walked side by side, their bodies alert in the dark. "Have you noticed that?"

They passed an impressively large headstone and Jai nodded. "I think it's just our luck lately. Next month it'll seem like we spend a lot of time in the desert or in forests or in ... shopping malls."

"Was that a dig at this month's expenditures?" she asked. A twig cracked to their right, pulling her attention. She peered into the dark but didn't find what she was looking for.

"Not at all."

"Caroline is throwing an engagement party for Fallon and Eli. I needed an outfit."

"One outfit comes in fifteen bags?"

"It wasn't fifteen-it was five. And I bought three outfits. I don't know what mood I'll be in the night of the engagement party."

"I didn't say anything."

"You didn't need to say anything.

Your tone said everything."

"You do shop more than you used to."

Ari wrinkled her nose and stopped to stare at him, hands on her hips. "Dude, I spend my days and often nights,"

she gestured around the moonlit cemetery, "hunting and killing Jinn. That's just as bloody as it sounds. Shopping makes me feel like a girl again."

Jai grinned at her, and she tingled all over. God, she hoped that feeling never faded. "Dude?"

"It slipped out."

He shook his head in amusement and began searching again.

Almost a year had passed since their ordeal with Asmodeus, which meant she and Jai had been dating for over a year. It felt like a lot longer, but in a good way. As for Asmodeus, he'd unwillingly backed off. Permanently. Once Red had placed a piece of himself within Ari and Jai (a procedure so painful, they'd both blacked out), he and Glass had told Azazil exactly what they'd done. Of course, the Sultan was at once impressed and enraged. In the end, however, there was nothing to be done but put his own protection behind Ari, Trey, and Jai to ensure that his sons came to no harm through their deaths. Asmodeus was foiled, and Ari was glad she hadn't been forced to share a room with him since.

Things had been quiet in the royal Jinn world. Ari no longer had contact with the Sultan or any of the Jinn kings, with the exception of Red and Glass. Red stopped by once in a while to check on them, but Glass was a more permanent feature since he and Trey were as loved up as Jai and Ari. In fact, Trey was thinking of getting his own place so they'd all have more privacy. Ari would definitely miss living with him. Not only did he crack her up but he also acted as a coolheaded mediator in Ari and Jai's hotheaded disagreements.

And now they had an eternity of head-butting to contend with. Not that it bothered either of them. They each secretly liked the head-butting and where it eventually led.

The last year had not been quiet in other ways, however. Michael kept them busy and they were rapidly growing a legendary reputation as Jinn assassins. According to Red, complaints had been made to Law Makers and Azazil up in Mount Qaf. But since they weren't technically breaking the law, and Azazil liked their help with maintaining the balance, Jai, Ari, and Trey were allowed to continue working for the Roe Guild.

When Ari wasn't working or making out with Jai or shopping or training, she found the time (every few months or so) to check in with Derek and Charlie. Derek had separated from his wife and was living in a small apartment closer to town. He had joint custody of his two sons and he actually seemed okay as far as Ari could tell.

Charlie was happy. He was still dating the shy brunette and taking care of Mikey and his mom, who Ari also checked on. They were good too. Mrs. Creagh was dating Charlie's boss, which clearly pissed off Charlie but Ari found it hilarious. She was just glad they were alive and healthy to have these disagreements and dramas.

As for Fallon, she'd spent the last year giving Eli McEttrick the runaround. She'd confessed to Ari that theirs was a friends-with-benefits relationship, but it had quickly deteriorated as it became clear Eli was interested in more. He pursued her with an impressive determination and persistence. She'd finally given in six months ago, and then he'd proposed, and it had taken him another three months to get her to say yes.

Michael was happy with his daughter's choice of husband, and even happier that the engagement had started up talks of the possibility of the two Guilds joining together to make the largest Guild on the East Coast. Some were excited at the possibility, others not so much. Ari and Jai didn't care what happened as long as they could stay with the family they'd built within the Roe Guild, and spend their days hunting and their nights cuddling.

Well, usually their nights.

"Do you think the Utukku is even going to show up?" Ari asked, almost whining. She was missing an episode of her favorite show for this crap.

"Not if you keep talking."

"Someone is grumpy tonight."

"I expected to be in bed with my girlfriend right about now, not hunting some creepy little schmuck in a cemetery in Maine."

"Schmuck? Did you just use the word schmuck?"

Jai shook his head but his lips twitched, giving him away. "That's all you got out of that sentence?"

"I'm not thinking about the rest of that sentence. It'll just piss me off even more knowing what we could be doing instead of doing this."

Jai stopped and reached out to her, his arm wrapping around her waist. He drew her close and pressed a soft kiss to her lips.

Ari snuggled closer to him. "We're not acting like responsible assassins right now."

"I know." He groaned and kissed her forehead before moving away from her. "When this is over, I'm going to make it up to you."

A delicious shiver rippled over her at the thought. "Will you do that thing I like?"

"The thing-thing, or the thing?"

he asked, scanning the next aisle of headstones.

"The thing."

"Baby, we get this guy and I'll do the thing and the thing-thing."

The Utukku picked that particular moment to appear at the end of the aisle, and with Jai's sensual promise ringing in her ears, Ari unleashed a far more powerful curse than she needed to on the wicked Jinn.

It exploded.

Jai slowly turned to her, choking on laughter. "Was that necessary?"

Instead of answering, she grabbed the lapels of his jacket and pushed him back against the trunk of a tree. "You just promised to do both things. It was definitely necessary."

He grinned and wrapped his arms around her, yanking her willingly against him. "So all I have to do is offer sexual favors and it completely wipes out any hesitation you have over taking a malevolent life?"

Ari leaned up to brush her mouth over his, loving the way his fingers dug into her hips with need. "You make that sound so much worse than it is."

His kiss quickly turned hot and deep. Finally, Jai pulled back, their breathing heavy. "We should get back."

"Or find the nearest hotel."

"Or find the nearest hotel," he agreed, his eyes heavily lidded with passion.

And then Jai's cell beeped and he groaned, dropping his head against hers as he pulled the phone from his back pocket. He groaned again. "It's Michael. He says once we're done here, he needs us back at his place to discuss our next assignment."

Ari frowned, took his cell, and began texting.

"What are you doing?"

"I'm telling him we'll see him in the morning. It's almost midnight, Jai. We need 'us time' and some rest."

"I know." He sighed but she could hear the teasing in his voice. "It's not like we're immortal or anything."

She rolled her eyes and shoved his cell suggestively back in his pocket. "That's the fifth time this month you've used that joke. You need to get new material."

"You need to get your hand out of my pocket unless you want to do this in a cemetery."

"Mmm, kinky," Ari laughed.

Jai chuckled. "You're a nut."

"I'm your nut."

"This is true." His expression grew tender as he dipped his head to kiss her again.

"Ugh, gag me. Could you two be anymore sickening?"

The unfamiliar voice was a splash of ice water that drew them apart. Ari whirled around and her shoulders slumped in annoyance at the sight of the gnarled Jinn sitting atop a nearby headstone.

Another Utukku.

"Another one?" she huffed.

"You know they sometimes travel in pairs," Jai reminded her.

She cracked her knuckles as she gazed up at her boyfriend. "Let's make this quick. I do intend to get lucky at some point tonight."

Lips curled at the corners, Jai nodded and then turned to the Utukku. He took a menacing step toward the Jinn.

"I'll do the honors this time."

"I've got your back, baby," Ari answered, following him into the fight.

Always.

THE END

