CHAPTER ONE- TOMMI

The little thingy on the end of the jack slips off the lug nut and I smash my finger against the hot pavement. Again. I resist the urge to stick my throbbing middle finger into my mouth and I swallow the curse that's swelling in my throat. Don't cuss! Don't cuss! I'm like a well-trained dog these days. I act just right, dress just right, talk just right. I'm all about appearances. I have to be. Lance demands it. And I need Lance, so I play ball.

I wipe the back of my hand across my damp forehead and try again. Just one more nut, just one more. I sigh in relief when I put all one hundred and twenty eight pounds of my body weight on the car jack and the stubborn lug gives. I unscrew it and pull off the flat tire, rolling it over to lean up against the back fender of my car. Dusting off my hands, I check my nails to make sure none are broken -God forbid I show up for drinks with a gnarly manicure- as I walk to the trunk to remove my full-sized spare.

After I manhandle it out of its little cubby beneath a false panel in the back of my car, I let it drop onto the asphalt, thinking I'll roll it into position. And that would've worked just fine if my spare weren't flat, too.

"Noooo!" I cry aloud.

Oh for the love of god! Are you kidding me?

I start to get frantic as I glance at my watch again. At this rate, I'll never have time to change and then make it to the hotel on time. But if I show up dressed like this, I'll never hear the end of it. I know better than to wear things like these shorts and this tank top, but sometimes I just can't resist feeling just a tiny bit like me. The me that I used to be. The me that I still am, under everything else.

"Why didn't you accept help when it was offered, Tommi?" I mutter, eyes closed, face turned up toward the sky.

Being a blonde female stranded on the side of the road isn't always a bad thing. Thankfully, it usually draws a lot of men who are more than willing to be the hero and save the poor damsel in distress. This time was no different, only I politely turned each of them away. I mean, most of them were creepy and I am stranded out here alone. Not the smartest thing. So now, here I am. Stuck. Hero-less, helpless, and frustrated.

"It's not too late, ya know," an incredibly pleasant, amused voice says from behind me.

Startled, I yelp and whirl around. There's a darkly handsome man standing behind me. He's so close and so tall that I take a step back, tripping over my flat spare tire and nearly landing myself, butt first, in my own trunk. All my classy grooming goes right out the proverbial window as I flail to regain my balance. "Holy assmunch shitface!" I squeal in surprise.

Two big, strong hands reach for my bare upper arms to pull me upright and save me from a humiliating blunder. The electricity in his touch combined with his husky laugh causes chills to break out down my arms. Attraction vibrates along my nerve ends like tremors of an earthquake. "Part beautiful woman, part sailor. My kinda girl."

Oh God, I think, embarrassed. But I quickly forget why when I get a good look at my rescuer.

I'm face to face with the most stunning guy I think I've ever seen-soft brown eyes that glisten in the dying sun like two chocolate diamonds, long black lashes that frame them like feathers, and a smile that threatens to melt me where I stand. Holy lord. And I have to look way up to see him, which is saying a lot because at five-nine, I'm a tall girl.

"Pardon the expression. Y-you scared me," I stammer, curling my fingers around muscular forearms before I can think better of it. They flex beneath my fingertips as he holds me steady. We stand touching each other for several heated seconds. I know I should back up, protest, feign outrage, do something, but I can't. As unwise as it is, I don't want to do anything because I don't want him to let me go.

"Don't apologize. I love a woman who talks dirty."

"That wasn't dirty," I defend weakly.

One sable brow arches inquisitively and I realize how bad that sounded. "So there's more? Dirtier?"

Despite the oppressive heat, I feel a blush warm my cheeks. A blush! I can't even remember the last time I blushed. I've seen and done things in my life that have desensitized me to the point that I would've sworn nothing could embarrass me. And yet here I am, blushing for a perfect (perfectly hot) stranger.

I take a shaky breath and smile, easing away from him as the danger of my situation finally dawns on me. This guy could mean to do me harm and I'm practically drooling all over his chest. His wide, hard, muscular chest.

I squeeze my eyes shut. God! Stop it, stop it, stop it!

"Are you okay?" Perfectly Hot Stranger asks, all playfulness gone from his voice.

Avoid eye contact.

When I crack my lids, I purposely look down at my dirty tank top, straightening it as I step out from between his impressive body and my open trunk. "I'm fine. I just...ummm...it's pretty hot and, uh, I'm changing my tire. I'm just...hot. And tired. And..."

I back around the corner of my car, thinking that my purse and my phone are but a few steps away should I need them.

I watch as Perfectly Hot Stranger kicks my spare with the toe of his boot. "I hope this is the one you just took off."

Oh crap! How could I forget my conundrum? I've got two flats!

I'm as deflated as my inner tubes as I watch him walk around to the other tire, noting its floppy side. "I'm Sig by the way," he offers casually. He crosses his arms over his chest as he stands back to survey my predicament. "And it looks to me like you might need a tow."

A tow. Yes! I race to the driver's side and lean in for my cell phone, all too aware of my cut-off denim shorts and the way they're riding up my legs as I stretch. I hurry back out, brandishing my iPhone like a weapon. "Yes! I need a tow. I'll call now," I say, trying to ignore the heat of his warm eyes as they unabashedly make their way up from my legs.

I start to search for a towing company, but instead, I just stare at the blank screen, knowing that my dilemma is much worse than this man assumes. If I get my car towed, I'll need a ride into town, which means I'll have to waste more time waiting for a cab to arrive. Then I'll still have to stop to buy clothes so I can make it to drinks on time, which will put me even later, but at least I'll be dressed appropriately. But either way, it's lose-lose. I'll be late and car-less. And Lance will be furious.

Long, tanned fingers cover mine and force my hands to drop a little lower. He bends until his face is in my line of sight. "Do you need some help? Because I stopped to help you. Nothing more."

His eyes are earnest, but there's a twinkle to them, like he knows what I'm thinking, like he knows I got suspicious. For some reason, I feel ridiculous all of a sudden. Something tells me that he's being honest, that he's only here to help, not to hurt me. And, as I look up into his striking face, I do the unthinkable.

I agree.

"I do need some help, actually."

"Yeah, I kinda figured. What can I do? Give you a ride? Wait with you while the tow truck gets here?" A short pause. A long, wicked grin. "Give you a strong, incredibly attractive shoulder to cry on?"

I can't help smiling. "And here I thought chivalrous egomaniacs were all dead."

"This one's alive and kickin', sweetheart," he declares with a wink. Between that and the southern, manly way he calls me sweetheart, I fight the urge to shiver. "Now, where do you need to go?"

I glance back at the shiny, black truck parked behind my car. I must've been in more distress than I thought not to hear that thing pull up. "Are you sure you wouldn't mind? I have somewhere to be, but I need to make a super quick stop first. Would that be okay?"

"As long as it's 'super quick'," he teases.

"So quick it'll make your head spin."

"My head's already spinning," he says with a grin that makes my stomach flip over. "But I'm in no rush. Take all the time you need." He's appreciative gaze and casual demeanor say that he's more than happy to spend time with me. It makes me feel like blushing again. What the heck is this guy doing to me?

I open the car door and slide behind the wheel, making sure all the windows are rolled up before I grab my purse and lock up. When I get back out, Perfectly Hot Stranger (otherwise known as Sig) has already put my spare back into the trunk and is reattaching my flat tire, I guess for towing purposes.

I watch his arms and shoulders through the thin material of his shirt as he deftly maneuvers the jack. He really is just a big guy! His back is extremely wide, but it tapers in a dramatic V to a trim waist and narrow hips. As I examine the way his long, bent legs curve into his butt, I notice that his shirt has ridden up just enough that I can see smooth skin at the base of his spine. I can't see buttcrack. But I can't see underwear either, which makes me wonder if he wears any.

God, that's hot!

I jerk my eyes away, as though he might be able to feel me looking at him and thinking such things. It wouldn't do for me to flirt with another man. If wind of it ever got back to Lance...

This time, I do shiver, but not in a pleasant way.

Sig rises to his feet and turns his panty-melting grin toward me. "That oughta do it." He brushes off his hands. "All locked up?"

I nod, trying not to be affected by his charisma, but geez! It's so hard!

"In that case, your chariot awaits," he says, sweeping his arm out in front of me. "Or in this case, a truck because it's the only thing big enough for a guy like me."

"How tall are you?" I ask as he opens the passenger door for me.

"Six-six."

"Wow! Six-six?" I repeat, impressed.

"Yep. Six feet, six inches of awesome."

"And modesty."

"Yeah, that, too," he half-grins, closing my door.

I watch my rescuer make his way around the front of the truck to the driver's side, a dreamy sigh fluttering in my chest. As much as I don't want to be, I'm charmed. Right down to the butterflies in my stomach and the weak feeling in my knees. I'm just thankful that, after today, I won't ever have to see Perfectly Hot Stranger again. Because I'm pretty sure that would be a disaster.

CHAPTER TWO- SIG

"So, did I hear you call yourself Tommi?" I say as I pull back onto the highway.

"Yes."

Damn that's sexy! A dude's name on such an incredibly gorgeous, very feminine woman? Good God Almighty!

"Is it short for something?"

"No. Just Tommi."

Tommi, with blonde waves. Tommi with emerald green eyes. Tommi with an ass so perfect my fingers itch to grab it, squeeze it, hold her against me.

"Where to, Just Tommi?"

She gives me the address of a women's clothing shop in a swanky area of town. I'm not too surprised by the neighborhood, considering that she drives a candy apple-red Maserati.

Despite how much I want to, I don't ask questions about her destination. I don't want to make her more uncomfortable.

I can tell that I make this woman nervous. Not like she thinks I might try to hurt her or try to take off with her or anything, but like she's uneasy with our attraction. Because I know damn well she feels it. Holy shit! I can almost taste it, it's so strong.

I kinda like that I make her uneasy. I like watching her squirm. It's very interesting-the way she avoids eye contact as much as she can, the way she nibbles her lip before she answers me. She wants to get away as fast as she can, but maybe because she thinks it's best, not necessarily because she wants to. I get the feeling what she wants to do is flirt back. Only she won't.

Or I could be the egomaniac she thinks that I am and this could all be in my head.

But I don't think so.

I'm not sure why she'd feel like she needs to act a certain way around me. Unless she puts on a show for everybody, which makes me even more curious about her. I've been around her for all of ten minutes and already I find her fascinating. Yeah, this should be interesting.

"Tell me, Tommi, what makes you tick?"

That draws her eyes over to me. If I weren't driving, I'd hold that gaze until she turned to putty in my hands.

"What do you mean?"

I shrug. "I don't know. What do you love? What do you hate? What makes you get up in the morning? What do you dread more than anything?"

In her head, she had an immediate answer to one of my questions. I just don't know which one. It showed on her face before she could look away. Of course, she won't be sharing it with me. I'm not even sure I expected her to. I just wanted to ask. I'm not sure why. Maybe just to see how she'd react.

"Are you always so nosey?" she asks distantly, her eyes facing forward, staring blankly out the windshield at the passing scenery.

"Always."

I see the corners of her mouth twitch. "At least you're honest."

"To a fault."

Rather than bantering with me, Tommi grabs her phone and holds it up for me to see. "I guess I'd better call a tow truck."

I'm quiet at she searches for a number and then again as she talks back and forth with a rep on the other end of the line.

We arrive at some ritzy little boutique far too quickly. And I wasn't rushing either. In fact, I was barely going the speed limit.

When I pull into the lot and shift into park, I turn to Tommi. She's ready to jump out and run, it looks like. Her hand is on the door handle and her eyes are wide.

"I'll be back in just a few minutes. Are you sure you don't mind waiting?"

"I'm sure."

"Some men act like waiting hurts," she offers.

"I don't mind waiting for you."

Her eyes twinkle the tiniest bit. "Even if it hurts?"

I laugh. "Especially if it hurts."

"Okay. Thank you. Really," she says with a sweet smile.

Makes me want to kiss her. Among other things.

"No problem."

I relax into my seat as she climbs down and slams the door behind her. I can't help watching the muscles in her lean legs flex as she walks, watch the way her round ass moves inside the denim of her shorts with each step. She's so tall and her legs are so long, my dick gets antsy just thinking about having those babies wrapped around me, her hot, wet body pressed up tight against mine. Holy shit!

I'm listening to the radio, enjoying the breeze coming through the open window when she comes back out the side door of the store. I'm pretty sure my damn chin hits the floor the instant I see her.

Her hair is pulled up into a messy platinum pile on top of her head, just a few waves hanging loose around her face and brushing her shoulders. She's dressed in a skin-tight red dress that hugs every curve. It's split almost to the hip on one side, perfectly showcasing her world-class legs. The whole thing reveals just enough of her lightly tanned skin to make a man wanna beg. And I do. Wanna beg, that is.

Tongue practically dragging the floor, I watch her as she walks in tiny steps to the passenger door. When she opens it, I get a whiff of her delicious scent as it wafts through the cab of my truck. Sexy and spicy, but still kind of soft. Everything she's trying not to be for me. But she already is, whether she's trying or not.

I see her eyebrows come together in a frown as she stares down at the side step. She reaches for the hem of her gown and tugs it up a couple of inches and grips the inside of the door. She's trying to figure out how to climb in here without tearing her dress or being unladylike and showing too much of anything. What a contradiction she is.

Her struggle spurs me into action. "Wait," I tell her, getting out to walk around to her side. She turns to face me when I come up behind her. As I stare down at her, I realize I want her. Well, I already knew that, but now I know how much I want her. A whole damn lot!

She looks up at me, sorta shy, hella sexy. Her eyes... God! They're sin and innocence and trapped little bird, all in two exotic-shaped emeralds trimmed in thick, black lashes. Like she knows what I'm thinking, she glances away, nibbling at her lip again. They're painted a dark ruby color, and they look wet. Shiny. Like she's been licking them.

As if she can feel me looking at them, I see her tongue sneak out at one corner of her mouth and I have to bite back a groan.

"Need some help?" I ask for the second time today.

She peeks up at me and laughs, a deep throaty sound that has me picturing her dancing in the rain. Naked and free. "This is becoming a habit."

"Not all habits are bad."

"No, but some are dangerous," she mutters in a husky voice that vibrates all the way down to my balls.

"Nothing wrong with a little danger once in a while."

Her smile turns sad, but she says nothing. After a few seconds, I move a step closer to her. She doesn't back up, but the way her lips part makes me wonder what she thinks I'm about to do. Kiss her?

Slowly, I lean in, letting my hands settle at her tiny waist. "Put your hands on my shoulders," I instruct.

With a bag in one hand (I assume it holds the clothes she was wearing) and a little clutch thing in the other, she reaches for me and I lift her into the passenger seat until she can scoot back and swing her legs around. We watch each other, sort of expectantly. I'm not sure what she wants me to do, but I sure as all hell know what I want to do. Before I think about acting on it, though, I shut the door and take a deep breath.

I'm not used to holding back, and why I am for this girl, I have no idea. Maybe it's because she has an air about her that makes me thinks she needs more rescuing than just from being stranded on the highway.

I climb behind the wheel and start the engine. As I'm shifting into gear, I see Tommi's pale hair enter my peripheral vision and I turn to look at. Her leg is exposed all the way to the top of her thigh and she's leaning forward to adjust the strap of her sparkly silver shoe. When she straightens, she catches me watching her.

"Men should be glad they don't have to wear shoes like these," she says.

"It's for the best. We could never make them look that good," I reply with a lopsided smile.

"Oh, I don't know. I bet you've got great legs," she says, glancing down at my lower body before looking quickly away like she slipped up by making such a comment. But she did make it, which means I was right. It's not me that makes her nervous. It's this damn sizzle between us.

"You'd win that bet. And any time you wanna see 'em, you just say the word."

She smiles again, but says nothing as she fiddles with the latch on her purse, back to avoiding eye contact.

"So, where to next?"

"The Hotel Magnifique."

"Nice," I say, familiar with that venue as well. This woman is obviously used to the finer things in life.

We ride the short distance in silence. I can almost feel her tension ratcheting up every time she glances at the clock. When I pull up beneath the covered area at the front of the hotel, Tommi finally looks at me again.

"Thank you so much for your help today. I don't know what I would've done without you."

"It was my pleasure," I confess sincerely.

The attendant opens the door for her and she's about to climb out when I reach for her wrist. "Wait. Don't forget your stuff," I warn, nodding to the bag lying on the floorboard.

"Oh. Thank you." She doesn't seem the least bit grateful. In fact, she looks distressed, like I reminded her to take a car bomb with her as she goes. Finally she reaches for it and then tosses another smile my way when she's out and her feet are on the ground. "Thanks again, Sig."

I nod to her, watching her as she walks gracefully toward the entrance. Just before she goes through the door, I see her duck to the side and stuff her bag of clothes into a garbage can.

Now why the hell would she do that?

After she disappears inside and I'm pulling away, I'm more determined than ever to find Tommi again. And to see what those eyes look like when I kiss her for the first time.

CHAPTER THREE- TOMMI

I plaster on a smile as I follow the hostess to the table where Lance is waiting for me. My stomach is a ball of knots. I feel like I've got the touch of sexy chocolate eyes all over me, like it's obvious to everyone around me that I just spent the last hour with someone I'm insanely attracted to. I chastise myself for such a ridiculous notion and I take a deep, calming breath.

"There you are," Lance says when I approach. His steely blue eyes are hard. Harder than usual. He isn't happy. That much is plain to see. "I was beginning to think you weren't going to show up."

Like that would ever happen. I'm not stupid.

"My car broke down on the way over." I can't tell him where I really was.

His brow knits. "What could possibly happen to a brand new car?"

"A flat tire."

"Why didn't you call?"

When I'm seated, I let him push my chair in and wait for him to sit before I answer. The pause gives me time to collect myself. It's important that I stay calm when I'm not telling the truth. I've learned this through necessity, much like I've learned to lie through necessity. Luckily, I've become quite an accomplished liar. I can make a complete fabrication seem not only plausible, but true. Lying has become as useful and essential to me as air or water or sleep. And I'm about as proud of it as I am the rest of my sordid history, which is not at all.

"I didn't need help. I've changed a tire before. Unfortunately, the spare was flat as well. That's why I'm late."

I gasp when he reaches out, like the strike of a snake, and winds his fingers around my wrist. My first thought is that he knows I'm fibbing. My second is that he can't possibly know. My third is to keep calm.

I stare at him blandly, my smile intact, and I wait for him to speak. If I go bumbling through excuses and elaborations, it'll just make me look guilty.

"My girlfriend has no business getting dirty on the side of the road, changing a flat tire. You should've called."

"By the time I realized the spare was flat, it would've been a nuisance for you to have to come all the way out to get me when I could just as easily call a tow truck and come to you. So that's what I did."

Making it sound like I had him and his happiness as my top priority in the situation helps my case. Anything that plays to Lance Tonin's ego is a useful tool for me.

His aggravation lessens noticeably. "I really need to assign someone to you full-time."

My stomach lurches. The last thing in the world I want is for someone to be watching me 24/7, reporting back to Lance about my every move, word and wardrobe change.

"That's not necessary. This was an unusual circumstance. I don't need for you to take someone away from important business just to be around on the off chance that I might need something."

"You're worth it to me, baby. You are important business." I smile as he kisses my knuckles. "Is that a new dress?"

"It is. I know how much you love me in red." Lance is the type who wants me to spend his money, as long as it's on making me look the way he thinks I should look and dress. He gets furious if he catches me wearing what he calls "redneck" clothes-anything that reminds him of his trashy mother. He thinks that all women who wear worn jeans or denim shorts or more casual clothes are trashy, so he expects me to dress like the women on television that he used to watch when he was a kid trying to escape the noises of his mother turning tricks in the next room. He thinks that pretending that we're classy will make it so.

He couldn't be farther from the truth.

Just then, a waitress arrives to take our order, bringing the unnerving conversation to an end.

CHAPTER FOUR- SIG

I stop dead, nearly dropping my teeth when I finally spot Tommi and see who she's sitting with.

Christ on a cracker, it's Lance Tonin. Drug dealer. Criminal. All around scumbag.

You've gotta be shittin' me.

Why the hell would a woman like Tommi waste her time on a guy like Tonin? Total douchebag and they say he's mean as a damn snake. He's the lowest of the low. Uses a lot of young kids-homeless girls, hookers, underprivileged boys-to do his dirty work. We caught two of victims a while back. Low end. One busted selling an eight ball of coke, the other with a pound of bath salts. Lance deals mostly in coke, but he dabbles in a few other odds and ends, too.

Both kids were fiercely loyal. Wouldn't say a word. Both had recently graduated high school. They were in the same class as the son of one of Tonin's higher ups. That's how we started making the connection. Both got juvie. Both ended up dead. One hung himself, the other overdosed on some pills. We don't know how he picks these kids or how he gets them to cooperate, but he does. Still, the problem isn't knowing Tonin is involved or how; it's proving it.

But they were small time anyway. To get Lance Tonin, we'd have to find out where he keeps the big stash. We need the quantity to make sure the charges stick and get him locked up for a long, long time.

I toy with Tommi's cell phone, which she left in my truck. She was in such a hurry to get away, for me to drop her off and go, that she must've dropped it. Now I know why she was on edge and in such a hurry. And why she couldn't be seen with me.

When I saw the phone, I turned around with the intention of finding her and returning it, but now that I see who she's with, I'm not so sure that's the best way forward. Maybe there's an opportunity here.

My department has been after Lance Tonin for four years, but nobody can get close enough to him to get a bead on how his operation is set up. I wonder if anyone has ever considered going through a back door. A beautiful blonde back door.

I feel a surge of guilt just thinking about using Tommi that way. What a shitheel thing to do. But then again, she's dating a known felon. She has to know that puts her in the crosshairs, in the danger zone. In that case, all bets are off.

Like my brothers, I want to work my way up to detective, but for me, I want to go into deep cover. That takes time, though. Everybody's gotta pay their dues. But the thing is, if I go to them with a way in on a guy like Tonin, they'd almost have to let me go under. I mean, at least it would be worth a shot to try.

Pocketing the phone, I turn around and walk back the way I came. I need to sleep on it. Maybe even talk to my captain tomorrow. But right now, this seems like a pretty damn big gift.

CHAPTER FIVE- TOMMI

It isn't until Lance puts me in a limo at just after 2 AM that I realize my phone is missing. It would be a big deal anyway because Lance wouldn't be able to reach me, which always sends him into orbit. But this, this is a much bigger deal because I know for a fact that I had it when I left my car and I'm 99% positive that I had it when I left the dress shop. That means there's only one place it could be.

With Sig.

My heart races just thinking about Lance finding out. I don't ever worry about him getting physically violent with me. I've been with hitters before and I wouldn't put it past him to get rough with a woman, but he loves the way I look too much to risk ruining it. Besides he knows how to keep me in line, knows what I value more than anything. That is why he can't find out about today.

Nervously, I tap my fingers on the seat beside me, even more anxious now than I was earlier tonight. When Bruce, the driver, drops me off at my condo, I rush inside and make a beeline for my brother's room. I open the door as quietly as I can and tiptoe to the side of his bed to grab his phone, backing out as silently as I entered. I hurry into my room, closing the door and sending up a quick prayer that Sig has realized I left my phone and has it somewhere close by.

I dial my own number, listening to it ring, my anxiety rising with each one that passes unanswered. When my voicemail cuts on, I hang up and hit redial. "Please God, let him have it inside with him." I repeat this process three more times, making my call as aggravating as humanly possible so that he'll pick up just to get some peace and quiet. But still no answer.

"Don't have turned off the ringer," I whisper. "Don't have turned off the ringer."

On my sixth try, I'm about to hang up when I finally hear a deep, sleepy voice mutter, "Hello?"

Relief rockets through me, nearly buckling my knees. "Sig? Is that you?"

"Just Tommi," he says, a smile in his voice that makes my stomach dip and swirl.

"I'm sorry to wake you. I just panicked when I realized I didn't have my phone."

"I was wondering how I could get it back to you."

"I could come by and pick it up tomorrow," I offer.

"After you get your car fixed?"

Oh, god, my car!

I suppress a growl of frustration. I'll need it long before then. The towing place probably doesn't open until 8 or 9 and then I'll have to figure out how to get two tires over there. And put on as well. All this before 9 AM, which is when Lance asked me to be at his place tomorrow. If I'm not there, he'll call. And if doesn't get me, he'll come to find me. And when he finds me and I tell him I don't have my phone, he'll offer to take me to my car to get my phone, which won't be there. Because a gorgeous stranger has it.

Gah!

Out of habit, I bite back a curse, always the lady for Lance. I could let fly when he's not around, but then I'd probably end up slipping up in front of him and he'd get mad. And when Lance gets mad he makes threats. And there's only one real tool he can use to threaten me.

Round and round we go.

"I'll need it before then," I tell Sig, "but I can take a cab and meet you wherever you want, as early as possible. Please."

There's a long pause, during which I wonder if he's fallen back asleep. "I have something to do first thing, but I can meet you after. Say eight o'clock at the Daily Grind?"

I'm familiar with the coffee shop. It's not a place that Lance would ever frequent, so I feel comfortable agreeing to meet him there. "Sounds perfect. Thank you so much. I really hate to put you out."

"Trust me, it's no bother. I get to see you again."

I can't help smiling. "Goodnight, Sig."

"Goodnight Just Tommi."

"Wait!" I rush to catch him before he hangs up. "Sig?"

"Yeah."

"Don't answer my phone again, okay?"

"You got it," he says and the line goes dead.

After I sneak my brother's phone back into his room, I begin the nightly ritual of changing into pajamas (clothing of my choosing), washing my face and brushing my teeth. It's one of my favorite times of day. It always means that I've made it through another twenty-four hours in hell and that I'm one step closer to my goal.

When I climb into bed, my mind is as torn as the dreams that come, dreams that are sprinkled with chocolate eyes and a gorgeous grin, as well as the flaming ties that a devil has around my wrists.

CHAPTER SIX- SIG

I wear my uniform to work, but I bring along a bag of street clothes just in case the day goes the way I think it will go. Before my shift starts, I locker my shit and go straight to the captain's office. When I knock, he issues a baritone, "Enter," without even raising his head.

I might never get used to having a boss that looks like a heftier Denzel Washington and sounds like Barry White. He's almost as tall as me and, if I were a lesser man, he might actually intimidate me.

I walk in and stand stiffly in front of his desk until he turns his shrewd gaze up to me. "What is it, Locke?"

"Sir, I stopped to help a woman with a flat tire along the highway yesterday. We kind of hit it off. Flirted a little. I gave her a ride since her spare was flat, too."

His expression turns dubious. "Have I ever given you the impression that I give a damn about your love life?"

I laugh. "No, sir."

"Does that mean there's a point to this?"

"Yes, sir."

He turns his hand in a circular motion like he's manually speeding me up. "Then get to it. I've got work to do."

"The woman, she's Lance Tonin's girlfriend." That gets his full attention.

He sets down his pen, watching me for a few seconds before he narrows his eyes on me. "And?"

"Look, you know my goal is to be an under cover. I'm willing to put in the time, just like everybody else, but this is an opportunity I don't think you would want to miss out on."

"Is that right?" he asks, leaning back in his chair and crossing his arms over his barrel chest.

"Sir, I know how long we've been after Tonin. And I know how hard it's been for anyone to figure out how he works, even with someone on the inside. But maybe we've been working the wrong angle. Maybe trying to get close to him isn't the way in."

"And you think you could get Lance Tonin's girlfriend to turn on him."

"Yes, I do," I reply confidently. "And even if she's loyal to him, if I could just get inside with her for a little while, I think I could get something useful. She might not willingly turn on him, but..."

"And just how do you think you'd get inside?"

"Well, I know we have a guy on his crew..."

"And you know this how?"

I shrug. "I keep my ears open." I smile. That'll bug the shit out of him, but I'd never rat out one of my brothers for telling me.

He lets that go. For now. "So you're asking me to compromise my man inside to get you in with his bimbo?"

"No, it's not like he needs to recommend me for anything important or anything that might require much trust. If he could get me in doing some menial shit, I think it could work. As long as I have a way to spend a little time with her. I know I can do this, sir. I can feel it."

"You feel it, huh? No chance that could be ego you're feeling, is there?"

"Maybe a little, but we're definitely friendly. If it doesn't work, I'll move on. No harm, no foul."

"People don't just 'move on' from Lance Tonin. He runs his organization in more of a blood-in, blood-out way. We'd have to extract you very carefully."

"Okay, fine. If I fail. But only if."

He watches me for at least a full minute, his sharp brown eyes digging all the way in, like he's looking for evidence of the Locke worth behind the Locke name on the left side of my chest. I stand up taller. I'm Locke all right. Through and through. And I have no problem proving it.

"I'll think about it."

I glance down at my watch. "Well, not to be pushy, sir, but I'll need to know something pretty soon. I'm meeting her in half an hour to return her phone. If I go dressed like this..."

He takes less time to consider something this simple. "Go in street clothes. Just in case. Come straight back and let me know if you still think you've got a way in."

"Yes, sir," I say to the top of his head. He's already dismissed me.

CHAPTER SEVEN- TOMMI

I try not to fidget as I wait, but it's hard. I feel like I'm playing with dynamite just by being here. Of course, there's the concern about my phone and concern about Lance finding out what really happened yesterday, but there's also just Sig himself. Something about him disconcerts me. I'm not even sure what it is.

I've thought about it a million times this morning, and I've all but convinced myself that his attractiveness and our chemistry was a result of my heightened anxiety, nothing more. For that reason, I'm ready to get my phone and put the whole thing behind me as soon as possible. Whatever it is about him that disconcerts me-if there even is such a thing today-will be a moot point in about ten more minutes. He'll be out of my life for good. No harm done.

It's when I'm glancing casually around the coffee shop, sipping my coffee, that I look up and I realize how very wrong I was. The instant my eyes fall on Sig's tall form weaving through the tables, my stomach clenches. And when he winks in recognition, it bursts into a knot of fluttering flames like he's my first crush and he's about to ask me to go to a dance.

Carefully, I set my hot drink down and clasp my shaking hands tightly in my lap, my mantra for the moment something to the effect of be cool and stay out of trouble.

He's dressed in faded jeans that hug his long, thick thighs and a chambray shirt that's stretched tight across his wide shoulders and cuffed up his forearms. His hair is still damp from his shower and his face is even more handsome than I remember. I didn't think that was actually possible.

Pulling out a chair and lowering his big body into it, Sig smiles at me across the table and I'm forced to acknowledge just how dramatically I underestimated my attraction to him. I feel his smile from my wide eyes to my trembling lips and on down to places below my waist that haven't felt this needy in years.

And that's not good.

Before I get too anxious, I remind myself once more that I won't have to see him after today. He can't be a problem for me if I never see him again, now can he?

Nope.

I scoot the cup of coffee that I ordered for him across the table just as he slaps a brown paper bag onto it. "For me?" he asks in his rumbly voice.

"For you."

He takes a brave gulp and then unwraps a huge burger as I'm left to wonder if he has any skin left on his tongue. "Mmmm. Just when I thought you couldn't possibly be any more attractive."

I warm over his compliment. "I assume you like cream and sugar?"

"I like coffee. Any way it comes."

"Even with a burger?"

"Especially with a burger." He takes a voracious bite. I'm not surprised when he lowers the sandwich and about one third is missing. As big as he is, it makes sense that he's a big eater with a big bite. I wonder vaguely if all his appetites are so...healthy.

I suck in a little breath at the train of my thoughts, sinking my teeth into my bottom lip to give me something unpleasant to think about. It usually works, but when Sig's dark brown eyes fall to my mouth and his chewing slows, all I can think about is what it would feel like if he kissed me. Right here, right now. Before we go our separate ways forever.

"Are you hungry?" His voice is low, hypnotic, his eyes flipping up to capture mine and hold them relentlessly.

"I've already eaten. Thank you." His eyes don't leave mine as he takes another bite and chews. We sit in silence, watching each other, lost in thoughts that I can somehow imagine that we share. And that's dangerous. Very, very dangerous.

With great effort, I glance away. "So, do you always eat like this for breakfast?"

"I have a big appetite. What can I say?"

I feel like groaning, his words playing into my thoughts as if he can read them. He has a way of doing that. "You're a big boy."

As soon as the words are out, I wish I could take them back. Why couldn't I just not comment.

"I'm big, yeah, but there's not a single boy part on me." His grin is so wicked, so proud, so very...male, I can't help laughing and rolling my eyes.

"Right. I forgot how modest you are."

"I'll try to remind you regularly then."

That brings me back to the situation with a jarring jolt. There won't be any "regularly" for us. There won't be anything for us. Because of Lance. "Not to be rude, but you did bring my phone, right?"

Sig reaches into his pocket and produces my phone. I reach for it with both hands, trying to ignore that it's warm from being close to his body. I try hard to focus only on how much trouble this could've caused me. I have got to be more careful.

"Thank you so much."

"I'm all about smart phones and safety and shit, but you seem a little more...relieved than the average person. I mean, it is just a phone. Is everything okay?"

"Yes. I just...I rely pretty heavily on my phone."

"Work?"

"Uhhhh, well, just life."

Balling up his wrapper in his large hands, Sig's eyes lock on mine, suddenly serious. "Boyfriend?"

I don't know why I'm surprised that he's perceptive. Those dark chocolate eyes seem to see everything.

I gulp. "Yes."

Much to my surprise, he grins. "Good!"

That wasn't what I was expecting. "Good?"

"Yes, good. That I can handle. I won't feel bad. I couldn't live with myself if I wrecked a home, but boyfriends are fair game."

I smile politely. "As much as I appreciate the thought, I'm not interested." That almost sounded convincing. Almost.

"Liar."

"No, I'm not."

Actually, I am. A really good one, too. Usually.

Sig watches me carefully, his fingers toying with his coffee cup. He leans slowly toward me, bracing his elbows on the table as he tilts his head to study me more closely. "I don't believe you."

"You should."

"There's something between us, Tommi. Whether you admit it or not."

"There's not. There can't be."

He relaxes back into this chair, his expression undaunted. "We'll see."

"Unfortunately, we will not. I doubt we'll ever see each other again after today."

"Let's leave it up to fate. What do you say?"

I see no harm in agreeing, especially since I know that I won't be seeing him again. If I ever spot him coming, I'll run the other way. Sig is a risk I can't afford.

"Fate's a cruel woman. Or didn't you know that?"

"That's mother nature. Fate is a man. And he's on my side. Trust me."

I rise to my feet, draping my purse strap over my shoulder. "Well, it's been a pleasure, Sig. Thank you for all your help."

"Until next time," he says, also standing.

I say nothing as I make my way toward the exit. The thing is, I'm disappointed that I won't be seeing him again. I feel his eyes on me as I leave and I miss the heat of them already.

CHAPTER EIGHT- SIG

I head back to the station, walking right to Captain Brevard's office. I knock and then walk on in. "I'm in, sir. You've gotta let me do this."

"Locke, I-"

"Just trust me. I can pull this off."

His sharp eyes dig in again, like two pointed shovels. They've been known to make a full-grown man fidget, but I'm confident that I can do this, so I hold his gaze, unwavering.

"Alright. You've got your shot. I'll get word to Finch and set it up. But let me tell you, son, if you so much as-"

"I know, sir. You don't need to warn me. I'm not messing this up. You have my word."

He sighs. "Look, Locke, I know you've been a cop since the damn womb, but going under is different. Are you sure you're ready for this? To give up all contact with your family for a while? Live on the wrong side of town, consort with the scum of society? To be someone you're not, to be the type of person you've dedicated your life to getting off the streets?"

"I was born ready, sir. Just give me the details of my cover and I'll bring this assface down."

"I like the confidence. Just don't let it turn into overconfidence. I've seen good men get killed over preventable mistakes."

"I've got this, Cap. I've got this."

"I sure as hell hope so," he says, resigned.

I smile. I wasn't kidding when I said I was born ready. I was born to do this right here. And I'm gonna do the shit out of it.

CHAPTER NINE- TOMMI

Three weeks later

"I told you I wanted someone to look out for you when I'm not around. Why are you surprised by this?"

I can tell by the look on his face that Lance suspects that I'm doing something I shouldn't be, which I am, and that I have a devious reason for not wanting one of his men watching my every move, which I do. But I need to disabuse him of the notion or it could cripple my plans.

"I know how small you like to keep your crew and how much you value each one." Not! "I just hate to feel like I'm taking away from the business. I'm not a helpless female." Even though that's what he wants me to be.

Lance smiles in that tolerant way he has, the way that says I'm like a wayward child who exasperates him. All he needs to do is cluck his tongue and say Tommi, Tommi, Tommi in a disapproving parent way.

"I don't mind that you're a helpless female. I don't want you taking chances or having to work hard or get dirty. That's not who you are."

Not true. That's not who he wants me to be, but it is who I am, actually. The fact that he can't see it just assures me that I'm a good actress. A good liar. But I already knew that.

"I won't. I promise to call if I ever need a hand. Then you can send someone right over."

"Now you won't have to call. The new guy's sole purpose in life is to protect you, to be there when I can't be."

My lips wobble with the effort I'm putting into maintaining my pleasant smile. "Wh-when do I get to meet him then? I hope he isn't too scary." I widen my eyes, like a good little helpless girl would, and resist the urge to vomit.

Lance kisses my shoulder. "There's no reason for you to ever fear one of my men, baby. If one ever laid a hand on you or endangered you in any way, he'd be dead within the hour."

A bit of an exaggeration, I'm sure, but still Lance makes his point. Unfortunately for this guy, whoever he is, when Lance finally finds out what's been going on, what the new babysitter has failed to catch on to, he's probably going to be in deep trouble.

"Well, that makes me feel better."

"Good. He should be here any minute."

I try not to toy nervously with my hair or my fingers. I strive to appear outwardly calm at all times, even when my insides are on fire. Which they often are in Lance's presence. "Where did you find him?" I make my question casual, even though I'm interested. I need to learn as much as I can about this man. It will only better serve my purposes if I know him better than he knows me.

"He's Finch's cousin. They worked together on the west coast. He used to enforce for a crew out there, so he can handle himself. Should be good security for you."

"And did you check this guy out?"

Lance's head snaps up and his suddenly-harsh eyes meet mine. "Of course I did. What the hell kind of fool do you take me for?"

"You're not a fool. I'm just nervous."

Lance releases me and I can breathe again. I squelch the shiver that tempts my nerve ends.

"Don't ever second guess me."

"I didn't. I mean, I won't."

He says nothing, simply turns away and types something into his phone. Less than three minutes later, there's a knock at the door and his trusted "Number Two," Barber walks in. It's who is following close on his heels that makes my mouth drop open for a second before I can snap it shut. Walking in, big as life, is none other than Sig. My Sig.

I stand, paralyzed, in the center of the room, trying to control my erratic breathing. I feel fear. Of course I feel fear. If he lets on that we know each other or, heaven forbid, has mentioned what happened three weeks ago on the side of the highway, I'm in for it. Lance will be furious. Furious that I lied to him, furious that I let another man take me dress shopping, furious that I went to such lengths to keep it form him.

But I feel something besides fear, too. I feel breathless, but in a completely different way than what Lance makes me feel. I also feel warm and dewy, like my skin has been misted with hot water. And I feel attracted. Oh god! Over the last three weeks, I've managed to convince myself that my memory of him had to be embellished, but now I can plainly see that it was not. He. Is. Gorgeous.

He seems taller than he was that day, all dressed in black from his perfectly fitted jeans to his perfectly fitted tee and blazer, his presence filling the room. He looks like a model for mob-wear or something. His sable eyes twinkle when they meet mine, but he says nothing. Neither do I.

"Randall, this is my lady, Tommi. Tommi, this is Slade Randall."

I'm not surprised by Sig's first words. It's not unusual for men in this community of felons to adopt a nickname.

"I go by Sig. Like the gun," Sig says, nodding curtly, his deep voice stroking the flesh of my face and chest from all the way across the room. "I don't tell many people my name, much less go by it."

Although he is speaking to me, I know the comment was meant for Lance. I almost gasp at his audacity, my eyes flitting to Lance. I see his jaw harden and I brace for his wrath. But it never comes. He merely responds with equal curtness. "Sig then. I don't give a shit what you call yourself, just as long as you do your job."

"You don't have to worry about that."

"Good because you start now. Tommi has a friend's baby shower to attend. You'll be taking her. You can drive the Maserati. You go where she goes. No questions. No excuses. She doesn't leave your sight."

Oh crap! "That's not necessary," I pipe up hurriedly. "I'm sure Sig," I say, purposely pausing over the name, as though I'm not familiar with it, "would much rather wait in the car than to stand in the shadows, watching a bunch of girls swoon over baby clothes and play games that involve diapering a doll." I put on my purr face, as I like to call it, and walk to Lance, draping one arm over his shoulder and running my finger down his jawline. "But if you don't believe me and you'd like to come along, I'd be more than happy to show you."

The black dot of Lance's pupil swells inside his blue eyes and my belly crumples in on itself. If we were alone, I know exactly what that look would mean. Been there, done that. That's why I don't taunt him. I've done a great job of finding other ways to keep him happy. No need to change that. Right now, though, we aren't alone so I know I'm safe.

"Not this time. But if you want him to stay in the car, that's fine. Just keep your cell turned on." The last is said with a warning note. Once, a couple of weeks ago, I mentioned in passing that I'd left my phone in the car that day it was towed. He still hasn't gotten over the thought of even possibly not being able to reach me for a few hours.

"Of course," I say, moving away to grab my purse. "See you tonight." I give him a chaste peck on the cheek and turn to priss off, hoping that the sight of my wiggling butt in the pencil skirt that he loves best will give him things to think about other than what I'm doing and where I'm going.

My eyes shift to Sig as I move past him. He meets them and watches me until I reach the door, at which time he opens it for me. I nod my thanks, ignoring the way my skin tingles where my shoulder brushes him as I slip by.

Neither of us says a word as we make our way to the elevator and down from the penthouse. At the lobby, Sig mutters, "I'll pick you up at the curb."

"Don't you need the keys?" I ask.

He holds up a single key on a ring and jiggles it. I thought I had the only two keys to my car. Evidently Lance had another one made when he gifted it to me. Figures.

I barely catch his wink before he turns and walks off toward the exit that leads to the parking garage. For just a few seconds before I continue on through the lobby to the front doors, I let myself take in his tall form, his lean physique, his cocky swagger. He's downright sinful to look at.

When I finally reach the exit, the doorman is waiting to assist me. "Ms. Lawrence. Will you be needing a car today?"

"No, thank you, Gerald."

The older man bows his graying head, his faded hazel eyes crinkling kindly at the corners. Although I'm sure he has an inkling what Lance does for a living, he's never given me the impression that he looks down on me or thinks I'm actually involved. Not like so many others do. They try to hide it, of course, but it's fairly obvious that they think I'm no better than Lance is. And in some ways I'm not, but it still rankles that they put me in the same category when they don't really know the first thing about me. Few people do. And even fewer still know the truth.

"Gonna be a scorcher today."

I turn my face up to the sky as I walk out the door he holds open for me. The blue expanse boasts not a single cloud, just a blaring yellow sun. "Looks like you might be right."

Focusing on the hot, humid breeze brushing my cheeks and tossing my up-do, I wait for my driver. My prison guard. My possible downfall.

I hear the expensive hum of an engine pull up to the curb and I open my eyes to Sig dragging his big body from behind the wheel of my Maserati and coming around the hood to open the back door for me. I don't argue. I just bide my time until we are alone.

"Thank you," I say politely, ducking inside the cool interior. I don't glance at Sig as he closes the door and I try not to follow his every move with my eyes. But it's hard. It's really, really hard. Something about him draws me. It just does.

When he slides in behind the wheel, he finds me in the rearview mirror and asks, "Where to?"

I give him the address of a semi-luxurious condo building I know of that happens to have a dark, swanky internet bar behind the lobby. Without asking questions, he pulls away from the curb and takes a right at the red light.

I flick my fingernail against the strap of my purse as I wait for Sig to say something. When he doesn't, I make the first move. "So, you didn't tell me that you knew Lance."

"You didn't tell me that you knew Lance."

Fair enough.

"I, uh, I assume you didn't, um, tell him about...about..."

Sig's amused eyes meet mine in the mirror again. "About rescuing you on the highway? Or about wanting to kiss his girlfriend before I knew who she was?"

My breath rushes out in a huff. I knew there was an attraction between us. I'm not blind. Or stupid. But to hear him say it...it brings to mind a crystal clear fantasy of Sig taking me into those big strong arms and devouring me with that sexy mouth. Holy lord! It's enough to make me squirm.

"Th-the highway, yes."

I hear Sig's soft, rumbling laugh. "Yeah, that's what I thought. The answer is no. I didn't tell him about finding you on the highway. Or wishing that you were single."

His eyes rove my flushed face through the mirror. The sad thing is, they're no less potent this way-through glass, with distance between us. In fact, him watching me like this is a little bit naughty somehow. It's like being spied on or something. It makes me feel...steamy.

I clamp my teeth down on my bottom lip and look away. This is like playing with fire. I knew Sig would be a problem from the moment I met him, but I didn't give it much thought because I never imagined that I'd see him again. I was relieved (in some ways) that I wouldn't have to worry about it. But now...now, he's here. In my life. Even more the forbidden fruit than he was before. And even more tempting, if that's possible.

"So, where are you really going?" he asks, my eyes flying back to his.

After my initial shock, I quickly school my expression into the most politely bland mask I can muster. "A baby shower. I thought Lance told you."

"No, I mean where are you really going?"

"To a baby shower," I annunciate carefully.

"If that's your story..." he quips with an unconcerned shrug.

I frown. "It's not a story. It's the truth."

A lie. Of course. I can't spill my guts to this guy. Even though I sort of have to trust him since he has dirt on me.

"Right. If that's what you say."

My frown deepens with the prick of my ire. "Look, I don't know what you're getting at, but I don't appreciate the insinuation."

"Usually I can read people pretty well. I thought you were lying. My mistake."

Handsome, charming and perceptive? This guy has to go!

I let the silence stretch out between us. Nothing good will come from arguing with him or trying to press a point when I stand to lose, not him.

"Just Tommi," he begins after a while. I nearly close my eyes at the sound of my name on his lips. It's like a caress, drifting back to touch my face, nearly as tangible as the warm, moist breeze I was enjoying earlier. My gaze shifts back to find warm chocolate eyes locked onto mine. "You look beautiful today."

I lick my suddenly-dry lips and attempt a smile. I know it looks fake, but it's the best I can achieve with so much tension thickening the air inside the car. "Thank you."

I want to tell him that his comment is inappropriate, that he shouldn't look at me in such a way. But I can't. It feels too good to have him look at me with this blatant, almost animal attraction in his eyes.

I turn my attention to the passing cars and buildings, my mind a million miles away on a man and a woman who can act on their feelings rather than having to squelch them. I don't know how many minutes pass before I hear his voice again, but when I do, I nearly miss his words. "You can trust me, Tommi."

I face him and his sinfully dazzling eyes. "I don't trust anyone."

That one sentence contains more truth than I've spoken in years.

CHAPTER TEN- SIG

I watch Tommi's delectable ass as she crosses the sidewalk and enters the building. Luckily, there's parking out front, so I ease her car into a spot and get out. Her instructions to stay here until she gets back, that she won't be long, only make me more curious as to why she wants me to stay away. Maybe it's nothing. Maybe it's something. There's only one way to find out.

I lock up and jog to the door, nodding to the attendant as I pass. Inside, I pause for a few seconds to let my eyes adjust to the dimly plush interior. I scan my surroundings, spotting a discreet sign for a bar at the back of the lobby. I walk that way, thinking I can easily keep an eye out from there.

Something colorful sticking out of a trashcan catches my eye as I pass. It looks an awful lot like the baby shower present Tommi came in with. There's no way I can confirm without making a scene and digging it out of the trash, but I'm pretty damn sure that's what it is. Either way, it's enough to have my instincts on high alert.

At the bar entrance, I look for a table close to the door so that I can have a good view of the mysterious Tommi as she leaves the building. At least I can see if she comes down with someone.

Turns out I don't have to wait. And that I was right about her lying. She's up to something. And it's not a baby shower. She's here in the bar.

Even if she wasn't blonde, which so many women are, and even if she weren't wearing a green blousy thing that matches her eyes, I'd still be able to pick her out of a crowd instantly. Something about her pulls at me. Like a magnet or gravity. Or temptation. Even though her taste in men is practically criminal (for criminals) and she's likely at least knowledgeable about what Lance is into, I can't not be attracted to her. I just can't shake the feeling that there's more to her. It makes no sense, but then again it doesn't have to. In a house full of cops, gut instinct is a way of life and I've learned never to ignore it.

I've always been damn good at reading people and as soon as Tommi said it, I got the feeling she wasn't being entirely straight with Lance about this baby shower thing. Then, when I saw the shocked look on her face when I asked her where she was really going, I knew I was right. Something's up. And I'm just the guy to find out what that something is.

I drop into a seat that's behind a big column near the entrance to the bar and I wait for a few seconds before I straighten enough to see Tommi again. She's sitting at a corner booth, alone, like she's trying to hide. Kinda like I'm doing. She's got a little tablet in front of her and she looks engrossed, totally oblivious to what's going on around her.

The waitress comes and I order a Coke, handing her a ten and then turning my attention back to the beautiful platinum head across the room. I watch her for forty-one minutes. She only rouses to her surroundings a couple of times, stretching and glancing around nervously before focusing once again on the screen. Whatever she's doing, she doesn't want to get caught. I don't know if Lance even knows where we are, if she gave him an address. Hell, for all I know, there might not even be a pregnant friend. What I find most interesting, though, is that she's playing Lance. That much is obvious. And that means there are only three options for the beautiful Just Tommi: She's dumber than I think, smarter than I think or she has a death wish. And I'm determined to find out which one is accurate.

When after the better part of an hour, she folds the collapsible keyboard and starts closing up shop, I slip out unnoticed and haul ass to the car. I'm sitting in the driver's seat with the window rolled down when I see her appear on the sidewalk at the front door. I start the engine and she looks my way. Her lips curve into a faint smile, which dies almost immediately, almost like she didn't mean to smile. Yet she did.

I watch her walk primly toward me. I get out at the last minute to open the back passenger door. Her step falters for a second. "You don't have to open my door."

"Of course I do."

"You're not a chauffer."

I shrug. "No, but I was raised in the south. This is what a man does."

She considers me for a while before she bends gracefully to get into the car. I close the door behind her.

Once I'm settled in behind the wheel again, I find her eyes in the rearview. "Where to now?"

"Back to Lance's."

A few minutes of silence. I glance back several times to find her staring out the window, her expression blank. I'd love to know what's going on behind that beautiful face, because I know something is. Probably a lot of something. If I had to guess, I'd say this woman's mind never stops running.

"How was the shower?"

Her eyes slide to mine and she frowns. "Pardon?"

"The baby shower. How did it go?"

"Oh, right. Fine." She sighs. "She's having a little boy. She got tons of stuff. Clothes, diapers, a stroller, a baby swing, bottles, travel kits, a little bathtub. She shouldn't have to buy much."

She doesn't bat an eye, just rattles this shit off like she was actually there. I'm impressed. This girl can lie her ass off. The question is: Why would she need to?

"Nice."

Neither of us speaks for the rest of the trip back.

When we reach Lance Tonin's building, I drop Tommi at the front and go back around to the side to park in the garage. Alone, I take the elevator up to the penthouse. I can hear the raised voices as soon as I pass the two goons that stand guard in the foyer.

"It's for your safety. If you have nothing to hide then it shouldn't be a problem," Tonin is saying.

"Just what is it that you think that I'm doing?"

I'm ushered by a third goon through the marble foyer, with its light gray walls and muted lighting. To me, everything has this cold, dark look, like there's perpetual shade in here. Or maybe it just looks shady. Like the owner of the place. Goon number three drops me off in the equally drab living room. It's a sea of whites, blacks and grays and the only color besides Tonin's ruddy, pock-marked face is in Tommi's flushed cheeks and her jewel green shirt.

"I assume you're doing precisely what you tell me you're doing. I know you know what would happen if I found out you were lying to me."

"Yes, I do know. So then why have me followed?"

"You're not being followed. You're being protected. There's a difference."

"It doesn't feel different. It feels like an invasion of my privacy."

"You shouldn't need privacy from me. I love you. I have only your best interests at heart." Hearing the word love come from an asshole like Tonin's lips is about as incongruous as Mike Tyson in a Gandhi costume. A guy like Lance Tonin doesn't love anything but money. Possessions. Power. And his facial expression tells me I'm right. There's no love there. No real concern. Obsession maybe, but no love.

"It's not my privacy, per se. It's Travis's. Do you know what this will do to his routine?"

"Fine then Sig will keep a safe distance when you're with Travis, but he will be going with you. This is non-negotiable."

Tommi's spine is so straight it looks like she might split in two if she tries to bend. I can tell she wants to say something else, but she's keeping it to herself. Fear? Maybe. But I don't think so. She doesn't look afraid. She just looks...pissed. But then why not speak up? There seem to be some subtleties about their dynamic that I need to learn. I probably shouldn't care. After all, I'm here to take down Tonin by whatever means necessary. I tell myself that Tommi might be "whatever means" and knowing all I can know about her will only help me.

At least that's what I tell myself.

I ignore the fact that I'm anxious to know her, to learn her, to get a feel for her. She damn near fascinates me, but luckily I'm not the type to let a woman get to me. The fairer sex is a helluva lot of fun and I love everything about their bodies and the way their minds work, but when it comes to matters of the heart, I keep my distance. Not much good comes from love and that knowledge will serve me well in situations like this. There's zero danger of me getting too close.

Angrily, Tommi slings her purse strap over her shoulder and stalks toward me, barking a short, "Let's go," as she passes.

I glance at Tonin and he bobs his head once, his already-thin lips thinning further as his jaw flexes rhythmically. "Don't lose her."

I return his sharp nod. "No problem."

With my long legs, I catch up to Tommi before the elevator doors close. I stick my hand in to stop it, grinning at the way her eyes flash at me.

"I don't see anything funny about this situation."

"Funny? Not funny, but your eyes are like green fire and your cheeks are all pink and flushed, like you've just been fuc- errr, like you've just been kissed. It's sexy as hell. And I always grin at sexy-as-hell women."

If anything, I think she actually gets madder. Which makes me wanna smile all the more. I edge up close to her and stick out my bent arm. "Wanna punch me? Would that make you feel better?"

She turns furious eyes up to mine and, for a second, I think she's gonna cuss me out, the way her mouth drops open. But she doesn't. Instead, she balls up her fist and pulls back to land a decent punch to my deltoid.

I nod at her. "Not bad for a girl."

"Want me to try again? Below the waist? With my knee?" She says the words through gritted teeth, like she relishes the thought of nailing me in the balls.

"As much as I like the thought of my 'below the waist' being on your mind, that's not exactly what I was thinking."

Her stiff posture and angry expression ease. "You wish I was thinking about your 'below the waist'."

"Hell yeah, I do. A beautiful woman like you, what man wouldn't?"

She cocks her head to one side and watches me. "Lance is very jealous, you know. Aren't you aren't afraid of what he'd do to you for saying things like that to me?"

"Men take crazy risks for the love of a beautiful woman."

Something sad happens in her eyes. "But it's not love you're after, is it Sig?"

"Is it love you're after?"

She pauses before she answers thoughtfully, "Isn't everyone?"

Before I can respond, the elevator doors open and she turns to walk out, her pace slower than it was when she left the living room upstairs. We make our way to her car in silence. I wait for her to click the remote that opens the door and then I reach around to open it, effectively trapping her between me and the car.

"Can I tell you something?" I ask her softly. My dick twitches when her big doe eyes fall to my lips and stay there. She nods. "I promise you won't know I'm even here. Just let me follow you."

Her eyes finally rise back up to mine and she nods again. "Please don't disappoint me." She says it quietly. Earnestly. Like she's talking about much more than just this conversation. I feel a stab of guilt, knowing that not only will she be disappointed, but she'll likely get into some amount of trouble in the end, when all is said and done.

Out of necessity, I brush it off and put on the glib guy that I've always been. "Baby, I never disappoint."

One side of her mouth tweaks up in a humorless, lopsided grin. "Everyone disappoints."

With that, she drops down into the driver's seat and waits, without meeting my eyes, for me to close the door.

Who the hell is this woman? And who has hurt her?

CHAPTER ELEVEN- TOMMI

I glance back at Sig's handsome face, partially concealed by the sexiest sunglasses I've ever seen. He's leaning to the right, his wrist draped casually over the steering wheel of his big truck. He looks relaxed. Competent. Sexy.

Sexy, sexy, sexy! Why does that word keep popping up in my head?

Because he is. Everything about him is sexy. His smile, his voice, his eyes, his walk, his body. Even his stupid truck. Somehow he manages to make it look sexy, like a motorcycle on four jacked-up tires.

Stop being so ridiculous!

I pull my eyes to the road ahead just in time to slam on the brakes to keep from rear-ending Toyota in front of me. I bite back a curse, straightening my arms and legs as my car comes to a screeching halt. When the little old woman manages to make her left hand turn, I let out the breath I sucked in and glance in my mirror one last time. Sig is smiling, a smug smile that says he knows what I was thinking. It's both infuriating and exhilarating enough to make my stomach flip over.

It's easier to ignore him after I pick up Travis. I pull alongside the curb right in front of where he's standing and lean over to open the passenger side door. "Sorry I'm a couple of minutes late," I tell him as he gets in.

"Whatever," he says, jerking his baseball cap lower over his eyes. Even without his telltale tick, I can see that he's agitated. I'm never late. I make a point not to be. He is very sensitive to any disruptions in his schedule that are perpetrated by others.

"Did you take your meds today?"

Travis turns to look at me with eyes the exact shade of mine. "I always take my meds. Stop asking me shit like that!"

I don't think anything of his defensiveness. He's always like this after school. It stresses him out to try and be normal, as he calls it. The symptoms of his Asperger's seem to have worsened since Lance has been requiring more of my nights. Unfortunately, I'm stuck, which means Travis is, too. At least for a while longer.

A subject change is in order. "Guess what I'm making for dinner tonight?"

Travis turns to look out the window, shrugging his thin shoulders in a silent reply.

"It's one of your top four favorites."

"Doesn't matter. I won't be there," he tells me sullenly.

"Why? Where will you be?"

"I'm going to Trip's."

Alarm bells sound in the back of my mind. "Why is it that every night that I don't have plans with Lance, you make some with Trip?"

He shrugs again. "He called and asked me to come over to game."

Trip is one of Lance's friends. At first, I was so happy that Travis was being willingly social that I didn't think to question it, but as time has passed, I've begun to think that Trip's influence is not a good thing. Then I found out that Trip is a felon. Just what Travis needs in his life.

Not.

Maybe I should've nipped it in the bud sooner, because now Travis maintains that Trip is a true friend and I'm afraid to push too hard to get Trip out of his life. Travis cracked once before and we nearly lost everything in the aftermath. And we didn't have all that much left to lose.

I swallow a sigh. One more in my long, long list of regrets.

"Travis, if he-"

"Don't start with me, Tommi," he snaps flatly, still not looking at me, not meeting my eyes. A habit I know is exacerbated when he's feeling guilty.

"I worry about you, Travis." I keep my voice as calm as I can.

"Worry about yourself. You've got enough problems for both of us."

Which is true. What Travis doesn't understand is that it's us against the world. A harsh world that doesn't give a damn and refuses to give us an inch of leeway. He knows the facts, but I don't think he has a very good grasp on the consequences. I don't try to change that because the last thing he needs is a heavy burden to carry around, especially one that he can't do anything about. No, this load is mine to haul and it's best that way. What's done is done. My only choice is to go forward smarter.

So I am.

I'm planning my every step, my every word, my every breath. And my plan will work. It has to.

I make a left onto our street. For the first time since my brother got in the car, I look into my rearview mirror. I see Sig following behind. Not too close. Not too far either. Despite the way I abhor being spied upon, I find a strange comfort in his presence, even though he's only trailing behind me in a separate vehicle. And the comfort that I draw from him is arguably the most concerning thing of all.

CHAPTER TWELVE- SIG

I park discreetly across the street from Tommi's house. I don't want to bother her, but I have to keep Tonin happy for the moment, too. Plus, I'm still curious as to what she's up to.

I stare at the white, clapboard house, probably all of eight hundred to a thousand square feet, max. It looks shoddy and rundown, like most of the houses in the area. The driveway is cracked, but there are no weeds. I can see light brown stuff in the gaping crevices, though, which makes me think they've been on the receiving end of some weed killer in recent days.

If I hadn't moved in a block and a half away, I would never have pictured her in a place like this. This is, without a doubt, the very definition of a questionable neighborhood. It shocks the shit out of me that her car, which looks ridiculous sitting outside, doesn't get trashed or jacked. Of course, it's likely that a lot of the element that lives nearby knows who she is. And who the car belongs to.

I think back to what I read in her very short file. Tommi Lawrence. No middle initial. Twenty-four years old. Graduated high school six years ago with shitty grades. Didn't get a driver's license until she was nineteen. No college, no jobs, no priors. Father's in the wind, mother's drawing disability checks. One brother, one sister. Not much else. Oh, and she's screwing a dickhole drug dealer. There's that.

Just the thought of her with Tonin turns my blood cold. She seems so much better than him, than the life of a dealer's whore. I'm still not convinced that's the whole story, though. Not only is she lying to him, she's hiding something, something more than her distaste of him. At least what I think is her distaste of him. That or my ego's getting in the way.

My stomach starts growling around six. It doesn't help that something that smells like Italian food is wafting through my open window. I'm about to call Tonin to ask how long he wants me to watch her when I see a young boy come out the front door. It's the same kid she picked up at the high school today. Looks more like a shady character tonight. He's got on dark jeans and a black hoodie, hood pulled down over his head all the way to the bill of his hat. His chin is tucked and his eyes stay focused on the ground at his feet. Weird boy.

I watch him until he takes a left at the stop sign and disappears out of my line of sight. When I look back to Tommi's house, I see her coming down the uneven sidewalk carrying a covered plate. She changed and is now wearing slinky tan pants and a striped top with spaghetti straps. Her feet are bare, something I wouldn't advise in this area of town.

She comes around to the driver's side and leans against the door, her unique scent filling up the cabin of my truck. She stretches one slim arm in front of me, teasing my nose with the plate of food. I inhale, my mouth watering reflexively. She grins, but it's a tired grin. "Go home. I'm in for the night." I say nothing as she walks off, my eyes glued to her perfectly rounded ass. I'm distractedly wondering about the absence of a panty line when she calls back over her shoulder. "I hope you like lasagna."

I tip my head at her and she shakes her hair down her back as she continues on across the street. Actually, I love lasagna. And this one smells delicious. Tommi, with the body of a porn star and the name of a tomboy, just might be the perfect woman.

If only she wasn't dating a damn criminal.

Starting up the truck, I drive the two minute trek to my new home. It's a shoebox of a house, kinda shitty, but not as bad after I hired a maid service to come and clean it. Now it's just full of boxes, like it would be if I recently moved across the country.

I grab a beer from the fridge and plunk down at the small table in the kitchen. After grabbing a plastic fork from the box of utensils I bought, I dig in, looking around the barren living room as I think about my new life.

My undercover identity includes a fake name, of course, with an alias of just Sig. Since I'd already introduced myself to Tommi, I had to work that in somehow. The truck, too, since she'd seen it. The department reassigned the VIN number and the license plates in the DMV database. While they were at it, they gave me a nice long history of traffic violations as well as a couple of minor arrests tied to my fingerprint. Mostly for violent crimes, as one would expect of a cartel fist.

I could unpack a few things tonight, but I'm much more interested in going back to Tommi's to see if she really is in for the night or if she's up to something else. I can't really get anyone from the station to find out what she was looking at online. Since she was at a public hotspot, it would be impossible to tell, which is probably exactly why she did it. The question is: Why? Why go to so much trouble? What is she hiding?

After I dump the paper plate and empty Heineken bottle in the trash, I lock up. As I walk through the neighborhood, I remind myself that while she is my way in, my source for information, she isn't my priority. I can't let my curiosity cloud my purpose. I can't let Tommi cloud my purpose. But still, I go to her house. Because it's my job.

Or at least that's what I tell myself.

********

For two weeks, I shadow Tommi. Sometimes she knows I'm close. Other times she doesn't. I follow her to drop her brother off at school. I follow her to Tonin's. Sometimes she comes back out and runs a few errands, sometimes she doesn't come out for hours. I can only imagine what they're doing in there those days. Actually, I can imagine quite well. Parts of those mental pictures are delicious as hell. Parts of them are downright slimy. Always, though, I'm left with the same kinds of wonderings-what the hell is a girl like her doing with a guy like him?

Day after day, I watch them together. She never looks happy or engaged. At least not beyond this superficial smile that she wears. If I hadn't met her that one time before, I might not know the difference. But I can tell. And I remember how nervous she was about being late and showing up in her "street" clothes. It's little things like that, things I'm starting to see more of, that make me wonder what he's doing to keep her. And why she goes to such lengths to stay.

He hasn't totally possessed her, though. At least three days a week, I follow Tommi to some location that she says would make me uncomfortable to go into or to a building that's locked for one reason or another. It's always near a public place, one that's fairly easy to hide and remain anonymous in, and one that has Wi-Fi. On each of those days, she carries a snazzy purse that will allow for her iPad, to hide whatever it is that she's doing.

Beyond the scope of my real job and my Tonin job, sometimes I wait outside, watching her place on nights when she doesn't have plans with her disgusting boyfriend. Her brother goes out on those nights and she stays inside doing...whatever. I've thought several times of going to the door, of knocking and giving some excuse to be here or to stop by, but she's not to a place where she's open to trusting me yet. And I can't afford to lose her this early on. So I wait. And I watch.

On nights that she's with Lance, I watch her climb into his car, I watch her look stunning for him, I watch him parade her around like a prize bull. That shit's getting harder and harder to see. She's better than that. Better than him. I'm just not sure she knows it. But I do. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to see that this woman is something special. And that she's withering away here with Tonin.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN- TOMMI

As they do every morning after I lock my front door and turn toward the driveway, my eyes go straight to the spot across the street from my house. Sig is there, in his truck, window rolled down, waiting for me as he always is. I smile at him, a natural, truly pleased gesture that's getting easier and easier to conjure. Alarmingly so, even. He gives me a salute with the fingers of one hand. I shake my head wryly. He grins at me mischievously.

As promised, he keeps his distance, never interfering, never becoming a burden or a bother. I find myself wishing that he would have to drive me again, rather than just follow me. I watch him in my rearview mirror for hours each day and, more and more lately, I find that I think of him the rest of the time, wondering what we might talk about if we spent those hours together again.

I can't ask that he drive me, of course. I think that would seem too suspicious. However, as the person in charge of my security, if he suggested it, that would be a different animal altogether. He hasn't, and I wonder if he ever will. At present, he seems content only to watch. And wait. And drive me mad.

I wonder if he feels the same way I do. I can actually feel his eyes on me sometimes. I mean, he watches me often, as his job suggests that he might. But there are times when his gaze is different. Hungry. Wanting. Or maybe that's just me, coloring it with my own increasing feelings of restlessness and unmet needs.

He intrigues me on many levels. He's so strong and capable-looking, yet he's so willing to smile and flirt. He doesn't seem to fear Lance like the others do, which makes me curious about him, about who he is and what he's been through. Possibly the most worrisome thing of all is how much I want to know him. He occupies far too many of my thoughts and if I knew more about him, it would probably only get worse. Besides, there are other issues to consider.

No matter how much I'd like to have him around, though, there are things I have to hide from him. Will always have to hide from him. There are boundaries that he cannot cross which makes our current arrangement ideal. The more familiar we become, the more risk there is to me, to my plan. So really, as much as parts of me are dying to know more, aching to feel more, this is for the best.

If only it felt like it was for the best.

It's another of my fewer and fewer nights in. I've checked the curtains as surreptitiously as I could, waiting for Sig to leave. Even though he can't see in, at least not very well and not at all in the bedrooms, I don't ever dare make a move to finish my nightly duties until he is gone. So, as soon as I hear his engine rumble to life and fade down the street, I jump up to start gathering supplies.

This is the only part that I really don't like. In the evenings, when I'm home, I'm always afraid that Sig will show up at my door, asking to come in. What can I possibly say? No? But if I let him in...

No, that just can't happen.

I push the thought far from my mind. I don't need to borrow trouble. I'm surrounded by enough hurdles without dreaming up more.

I exhale the breath I've been holding practically the whole day, as I do every day that I don't have dinner plans with Lance, and I head for the back bedroom. Gently, I open the door and flick on the overhead light.

Some days, days when I've been with Lance too much (and, again, been with Sig too little), this is my favorite part. Even though the roles have reversed and I'm now the caregiver, being with my mother, no matter how one-sided our time spent is, reminds me of better days. Long, long ago. It's some variation of that "better" that I'm now fighting mercilessly to regain. For Travis's sake.

"Momma, it's supper time," I tell her softly as I walk in. "After that, I'll give you a bath."

I get no response as I cart in her dinner tray and bath pan, nothing except the same odd gurgling I've heard for years. My mother has no idea that she's in the world, but I tend her like she does. I worry that there might come a day when I won't be able to do this, when I'll have to turn her care over to someone else. I try not to think about it. It makes me feel both incredibly sad and guilty. Despite the way things were when she was "alive," I love her and I don't want to lose her. And it would kill Travis. But at the same time, she is an enormous responsibility, both her presence and the circumstances surrounding it, that I sometimes feel I can't carry. The weight is unbearable. But then there are other times when being with her is soothing, comforting somehow, even though she never says a word.

I hit the button that raises the head of her bed, the expensive adjustable memory foam bed that Lance thought he was buying for me. I spread a napkin across her thin chest before I perch beside her, plate in hand. My mother's eyes, the same green that all her children inherited, stare blankly at the wall opposite her as I spoon mashed potatoes into her open mouth. She smacks her trembling lips and then swallows clumsily. I wipe gravy off her chin before I give her a second bite.

"Travis went to Trip's again tonight," I tell her with a concerned sigh. She grunts. Or moans. I'm not sure which. And I don't know what it means, or if it means anything at all. She does it at random times. "I worry about him when he's over there. He says they're just playing video games, but with Trip..."

I give my mother another bite of dinner and then I hold a straw to her lips. "Take a drink, momma." I tickle her lower lip with the straw and she finally latches on, sucking thirstily.

I feel another pang of guilt. With a shadow following me everywhere I go now, I can't come home as easily to check on her throughout the day. Since it looks like Sig isn't going anywhere, in the future, I'll have to think of excuses to stop by my house for a few minutes here and there.

She grunts again, pushing the straw out of her mouth with her tongue. I smile down into her familiar yet oddly blank face. "I guess that means you're ready for some more food, huh, Momma?"

After my mother is finished eating, I set about giving her a bath before I brush her teeth and change her bed. As I smooth lotion on her skin, I check for red spots that might indicate bed sores. It's a constant worry with her lying in bed all the time, but at least she can shift around a little bit by herself. Enough to keep her skin from breaking down, obviously.

When I do to slip a fresh gown down over her head, she holds her arms up like a small child might. The action is small yet poignant, and a well-hidden part of me cries on the inside for all the losses that my family has suffered over the years. Before closing my mind to it, I let the pain rocket through me, tearing away little bits and pieces of scar tissue. It's a painful reminder, but a reminder nonetheless. And reminders can be good tools in keeping me focused.

Before the tears welling in my eyes can fall, I think of Travis and my insides quiet. He has to be my first priority. Everything I do, I do for him. And one day, it will all work out like I've planned. And then it'll be worth it. All this will be worth it. Until then, I suck it up and press on. It's the only choice I have.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN- SIG

It's dark out so I cut across one street and two yards to end up at the back of Tommi's little house. It's getting harder and harder to leave her. Whether at night or dropping her off with Lance for the day, I'm getting greedy. I want to spend time with her. I want to get to know her, the real her. The her that smiles with her eyes, the her that watches me from her rearview mirror, the her that looks at me with longing when she thinks I can't see.

I've wondered so many nights what she does when she's home alone, after her brother leaves. It's always shortly after that when she'll bring me a plate for supper or a tin of cookies or some other kind of treat and wish me a goodnight, basically dismissing me for the day. Like a good employee, I go on back to my new "home" and pretend that my duty for the day is over, until the next morning when I wake up to do it all over again.

But not this time. Not tonight. I want to know how she fills her time, what she has in her life besides Lance and her brother.

It's quiet and I can see that there's a light on in the kitchen. The only other light is in what appears to be a bedroom. The curtains are closed, but I can see shadows shifting inside. Probably Tommi, judging by the height and build, and the fluid way she moves.

I watch her flit here and there, bending and straightening, reaching for things and turning back. I have no idea what she's doing, so with a glance left and right, I step closer to the window and peek through the sliver-like part in the curtain.

It is Tommi, as I suspected. I can see her ringing out a washcloth and then turning to her left. I see her shoulders work and when she leans back into the scope of the crack, I can see her mouth moving, too. She's talking to someone, but I don't know who. I listen closely. I can hear the sexy timber of her voice, but just a rumble. Not clearly enough to make out words. And that's the only sound I hear.

She smiles occasionally, but it's a sad smile. Bereft. I notice the slope of her shoulders when I see her pick up a laundry basket. They look tired and...heavy. Like she's carrying the weight of the world on them. I shift in front my peeping slit, my eyes never leaving her as she makes her way slowly toward me. I smash my cheek against the glass to keep her in my sight as she bends. That's when I see the woman lying in the bed. I can't see much more than her profile, but her platinum hair is the exact shade of Tommi's and their nose and mouth could be that of sisters. Or, considering the age of this woman, mother and daughter.

Tommi leans down and presses a kiss to the woman's cheek. She lingers for a few seconds and then straightens, lovingly stroking the woman's face before she walks out of the room, cutting the overhead light off as she goes.

I think back to what I know about Tommi, about her mother who draws disability checks. I didn't give it much thought, but this is more disabled than what I would've expected. From the looks of it, the woman needs more professional care. Yet Tommi is providing it. All by herself. But why? Why, when I'm sure Lance would give her as much money as she wanted or needed, would she do this to herself?

I back up to follow her through the house. She passes the kitchen and disappears into another room, one without a window. She's in there for five or six minutes-maybe starting the laundry?-and then she comes out again, her arms empty.

After she gets herself a yogurt and a bottle of water from the fridge, Tommi heads for a room toward the front of the house. I walk around, sticking to the deeper shadows of the yard, away from the windows, until I see the blue flicker of the television pour out into the night. The sheer curtains in the living room are pulled shut, but they're so thin they provide little in the way of privacy. Of course, if she doesn't turn on the lights, it's pretty hard to see in unless you're right on top of the place, like I am.

I watch her pull her feet underneath her, covering her legs with a blanket as she delicately spoons yogurt into her mouth. Even in the low light, I can see her tongue trail across her upper lip to clean it off. My mouth waters as I think about licking those lush lips and then tasting the flavor of the yogurt on her cool tongue. I'm guessing that not even the most decadent variety could compare to the taste of Just Tommi.

I stifle a groan.

After half an hour, she's fast asleep on the couch, obviously having meant what she said about staying in. As much as I'd like to stay and watch her, I'm too restless. Instead, I walk back to my house to get my truck. Maybe I'll stop back by Tonin's place under the guise of just reporting to him about Tommi's activities over the last couple of weeks. See what he's up to.

What I find when I get there, while not really valuable to my investigation, pisses me the hell off!

CHAPTER FIFEEN- TOMMI

I straighten my black sleeveless blouse and slim, short black skirt as I give myself one last glance in the mirror. I try to ignore the longing for relaxed fit jeans and a comfy tee. There won't be any of that today. Maybe not until all this is over, considering that I now have a shadow.

I walk by Travis's room and knock again. "If we don't leave now, you'll be late. Let's go!"

I know he's tired. He didn't get in until almost 1:30 last night. I could've fussed, but I didn't. I was just glad he came home in one piece and that I didn't get a call from the police or the hospital. Those are always my two biggest fears when he leaves at night. But my hands are tied, so...it's a fear I've learned to live with.

Travis finally comes out of his room, hood flipped up, hat pulled low. He doesn't meet my eyes again this morning, just brushes past me and flings open the front door.

I follow him out, my eyes traveling immediately to the spot across the street that Sig occupies. It's empty.

I'm surprised and disappointed. Very disappointed. Much more than I should be, which should be not at all. I should be relieved to have a few minutes to myself. Only I'm not. I like seeing him each morning. And throughout the day. For the first time in years, I've felt a little less lonely. Despite my brother and my mother and Lance with all his goons, I never feel quite like I'm not alone. Maybe it's because the game I play is a solitary one, whether anyone else knows it or not.

After I drop Travis off, I pull back out into the street. That's when I see him. Sig, slumped down behind the wheel of his big, intimidating truck. I have to resist the urge to smile when I see him nod. I don't know if he can see me looking at him in my mirror or if he can feel it, like I often feel him. Either way, he knows I'm looking.

Even from this distance, I can see the sparkle in his eyes. It's like he has the inside track on a private joke. He's the first of Lance's men who has had a shred of personality, much less this much of one. Most people in his line of work are very hard and unpleasant. Sig is anything but hard and unpleasant.

I study the big hand draped over the steering wheel. I recall the long fingers and wide palm from when he helped me on the side of the highway, the way he handled those tires. I bet those hands could wreck a man's face if he used them in such a way. But I also bet they could be incredibly gentle, too. On a woman's body, for instance. I remember all too well the way they felt at my waist when he lifted me into his truck. And then the way they slid slowly from around me, like he didn't want to let me go.

Of course, it won't do me any good to think of things like that. He was forbidden before. He's flat out dangerous now. He could ruin everything. Get people hurt, himself included. And that's a risk I can't take, no matter how tempting he is.

I refuse to look behind me again until I pull into the parking garage and find that Sig is no longer back there. I get out and walk to the side entrance that leads to the lobby. Just as I'm reaching for the door, warm fingers-the very same warm fingers that I was thinking about only minutes before-cover mine and I feel Sig's big presence behind me. I stop, turning to look over my shoulder, his palm still pressed to the back of my hand.

His eyes are dark and intense, belying the half grin that tugs at his lips. The look sums up this man perfectly. He's playful and flirtatious, but at the same time something about him threatens to consume me. He leaves me feeling breathless and off kilter when he's close like this.

"Good morning," he offers in his deep, smooth voice.

I don't respond; I just attempt a smile. Both of us remain perfectly still.

"I trust you slept well."

"I did, thank you."

He watches me. I watch him right back. Knowing I should move. Yet I don't. I like being close to him, breathing in his clean, manly scent, seeing the way the gold flecks in his eyes seem to spray out from his dynamic pupils like lava spewing forth from an active volcano.

"Thank you again for the chocolate pie last night. I went to sleep with that sweet taste on my tongue."

Oh god! Why does that sound so dirty?

"I'm glad you liked it."

"It was delicious. Makes my mouth water just thinking about it."

I catch and hold my breath. This is why I should be glad he's not near me more often, or that I'm not with him more each day. It's been two minutes and already I feel like I might spontaneously combust.

I exhale slowly. His eyes shift to my lips. I watch him lick his own, like he's wishing he tasted me there. I'm wishing the same thing.

He leans in closer, the scruff on his cheek scraping sensually across my own as he puts his mouth near my ear. "Breathe, Tommi. Don't forget to breathe."

Somehow, I've turned. I'm now plastered against the building beside the door, my fingers still gripping the handle, his palm still covering my knuckles. The concrete is cool at my back, a stark contrast to the heat I feel emanating from Sig. His body isn't touching me, but it might as well be. I can practically feel every hard contour, like my skin is reaching out for it.

Then, just before the incredible tension lulls me into doing something stupid, he retreats. Gently rolling our hands until his is on the bottom, he grips the handle and pulls open the door. He holds it for me, his eyes never leaving mine as I smooth my hair and blouse, and walk demurely into the building. I know without looking that his eyes never leave me.

We ride the elevator in silence. I wonder if Sig is aware of the crackle of electricity between us. It's like a living thing, snapping and sizzling. When the doors swoosh open onto the penthouse lobby, I'm hesitant to meet the eyes of Dane and Gerard. I wonder that I don't look different, so much so that they somehow know what was happening in there, what I was feeling.

I take a deep breath and make my way to the living room. I stop at the edge when my gaze falls to the couple on the couch.

Lance is sprawled on his back and a girl is on her knees between his legs, her hand down his lounge pants. I clear my throat loudly and he cranes his neck to look back at me. His lips curve into a lascivious smile that tells me so much.

I wondered why he didn't mention any plans for the day. Now I know. I also wonder if the girl just got here or if she's been here since last night.

"There she is," he says of me, tugging on the dark fall of hair that's spread across his stomach. A very attractive young girl, probably not much more than eighteen or nineteen, smiles up at me.

She starts to unbutton her top. "Finally!"

Lance barks a general, "Leave us!" to everyone in the room. I know that applies to everyone but me.

I don't glance behind me, but I can almost feel the burn of Sig's eyes between my shoulder blades. My cheeks sting with humiliation. Most of Lance's men are used to his...ways, but Sig isn't. This is the first time he's walked me upstairs. He has no idea what kind of man Lance really is. Or what kind of person I am because of him.

A stab of regret, a pinch of loss-loss of what could've been between Sig and me if things were different-slices through me. I'll never have a guy like him. Even though he works for Lance, something tells me that he's a good man. Better than most of the others. I don't know why. Maybe it's that he helped me when I was stranded, when he had no idea who I was. Maybe it's that he was so genuine and kind and polite when he was getting nothing in return. Whatever the reason, my gut tells me that he's more. Just...more. And that I could never deserve him. This is proof. Proof of what I am, what I've become. What I've had to do.

I swallow an uncharacteristic lump of emotion as I straighten my shoulders and move into the living room. I stopped being squeamish about stuff like this years ago. There's only one explanation as to why it would bother me now. And that is just one more reason why I have to keep Sig as far away from my heart as possible. He's no good for me, for my plan. He'll only get me hurt. Get both of us hurt. And I've come too far to let that happen now.

CHAPTER SIXEEN- SIG

I'm torn. My cock doesn't know whether to fill up with blood or shrivel into a damn vagina.

The thought of Tommi being undressed by another woman is a huge turn-on. The idea of delicate, painted fingernails scraping over her nipples, the image of ruby-red lips kissing her bellybutton is so hot I could drive a nail into a wooden board with my dick. Holy Jesus!

But.

The thought of Tonin putting his hands on her, his mouth on her makes me furious. Like, put my fist through a man's face furious. He doesn't deserve her. I know she's with him willingly, but I can't believe that she'd be here if she had any other viable option.

I go back down to the lobby and text Finch, the other undercover. He's going by the name Hop for the time being and I'm posing as his cousin, so we can get away with a certain amount of casual communication without it seeming suspicious. After leaving Tommi upstairs with that, I can't just sit on my hands and wait for things to fall into place any longer. I have to do something.

Me: Tonin is tied up with a couple of chicks. Anything I can do to help you?

He doesn't respond right away. Probably asking his boss, one of Tonin's higher-ups.

Hop: Not right now, man. Just cleaning out the warehouse.

Warehouse?

Wonder what he plans to do with a warehouse? In looking back over what information Finch has been able to turn in, which has yet to amount to much of anything because he's still unproven in Lance's operation, I don't remember any mention of a warehouse. Unless it's a recent purchase. And if it is, what the hell does Lance Tonin need a warehouse for? It's not like drug dealers keep stock or anything. But they do need a landing place for shipments when they come in. That or maybe he's branching out into some other illegal kind of shit. Hell, I'd take anything I could use to bring his ass down. Anything at all.

I make a mental note to see what else I can find out about the warehouse. Maybe Tommi will know something.

Tommi.

Shit.

Rather than staying in my truck or making "casual, friendly" connections with some key people in this building, I go back upstairs to wait. Maybe I'll learn more up there.

********

I glance at my watch again. I've been sitting on my ass in Tonin's penthouse all day, hanging out with the loser pack of shitheads he surrounds himself with. Evidently, when he's "in" all day like this, these guys just hang around in the three employee rooms while Tonin and "his girls" as they call them use and abuse the private quarters.

I've played Call of Duty for two hours with Henson and Stiff, played five card draw with Jakes, Jimmy and Joman (the three Js as everyone jokingly calls their attached asses) and eaten a late breakfast and two lunches with Barber, the guy who holds a senior position in the ranks of Tonin's closest boys. He hasn't had a drop of alcohol, hasn't taken off his tie and hasn't let one of us out of his sight for more than a five-minute trip to the bathroom. All-in-all, it's been a productive day in the way of getting to know the guys, but it's been frustrating as hell wondering about Tommi and continually having to discard mental images all damn day.

Finally at 2:30, Tommi appears in the kitchen just as I'm polishing off a second lunch of some salami and cheese on some artisan crackers with a name I can't pronounce. The instant I see her in the doorway, my senses are on high alert. At first glance, she looks just like she did when we got here this morning-hair in a smooth, platinum wave down her back, black shirt and skirt, smoky makeup around her eyes, light, glossy lipstick on her mouth. It's as I look more closely that I can see how pale she is, even under the subtle color of her tan. And her eyes, they look dull and lifeless. Her nose isn't red like she's been crying, but it wouldn't surprise me if it was. She has that upset look about her. Or maybe she's just tired. At any rate, she doesn't seem satisfied, like she just spent the afternoon doing sex acts that she enjoys. And that makes me think she was doing things she's been made to do.

Obviously this is what she's accustomed to. At least to some degree. But something about the way she meets my eyes for only a fraction of a second and before she looks away makes me think this is something she never wanted me to know about. When she speaks, she addresses Barber. "I'm going to pick up Travis. One of your men can take Lance's companion home later, as she will be staying behind when he comes to pick me up for dinner tonight." Her voice is low and her big green eyes flicker to me again before she licks her lips and adds, "I won't have need of Sig."

Her request confirms my suspicion. She's ashamed or embarrassed. And she can't face me. Or at least she doesn't want to.

With that, she turns around and walks away, the only sound in the room the receding clack of her heels on marble. I look to Barber who tips his head in her direction. "Doesn't matter what she wants. Lance said eyes on her at all times. Just keep your distance."

I nod and stand, giving Tommi a minute's lead before I take the elevator to the garage to tail her. I don't expect to find her waiting by my truck, but that's exactly what I find. She's leaning against the driver's side with her ankles crossed and her head bowed. I take a spot beside her and just wait.

After a full two minutes at least, she speaks. "You don't know me."

I don't skirt the real issue. "No. But I know you're worth more than that," I say, hiking my thumb toward the ceiling, toward Tonin.

"I wish I was. But life has a way of making some choices...irrelevant."

I turn to my side to face her, leaning a hip against the truck door. "No one is that stuck."

Finally, she lifts her eyes to mine. They're tortured. "I wish that were true."

Her sadness bothers me. Draws me closer. I reach out and stroke her silky cheek with the backs of my fingers. Her lips tremble open.

I'm not thinking. I'll give you that. It's nuts to take an undercover assignment, boast that I can handle it, and then risk it all by screwing around with the boss's girlfriend. Yet here I am, screwing around. Luckily, she is a big part of my assignment. I need her help. And this could go a long way toward getting it.

At least (again) that's what I tell myself.

I straighten my fingers and slide them along the side of her neck, into the thick wave of her hair. I press my palm to her skin. I can feel her pulse tapping against it, wild and fast.

She wants this. As much as I do. It's been building between us for weeks, since I stopped to help a beautiful blonde stranded on the side of the highway.

I bend my head slowly, giving one of us time to stop this. But neither of us does. And when my lips brush hers for the first time, I know it won't be the last.

Her mouth is soft and warm under mine, pliant. Willing. I don't press too hard. She doesn't back away. We just meet in the middle.

When she sighs, her sweet breath floods my mouth. It's hard to pull away, but I do. My face is less than two inches from hers. I watch as her eyelids flutter open. The green pools suck me in. Deep, like a siren that beckons me to follow her down. Down, down, down.

"Let me take you to get your brother." I don't know why I offer. Or why I want her to let me.

Her eyes search mine for several long seconds and I think she's going to agree, but she doesn't. "No."

"Why? I'm good with kids."

"Travis isn't like other boys his age."

"I'm not sure there's a normal standard for boys that age."

"He's, um, he's on the autistic spectrum. Asperger's. He's highly functioning, of course, but..."

Damn, this woman never ceases to amaze me. On top of Lance and the lady in the back room, she also takes care of her brother, who is autistic. Yet she doesn't complain, never says a word about it. Just carries the load all by herself, hidden beneath her polite smile. "Let me try."

She peeks up at me from beneath her lashes. I can see the indecision in her eyes, like she's been burned. Probably by Tonin, that asshole. "He doesn't even really talk much."

"I like the quiet."

She sighs again, reminding me of the kiss we just shared. Making me even more determined. "Why? Why do you want to do this?"

One of the first rules of thumb in maintaining an effective and believable identity is to keep your every fabrication as close to the truth as often as possible, without compromising your alias. So, I'm honest. "I don't know. I just...want to."

I see the pearly rectangles of her teeth dig into her lip. Without meaning to, I reach up and tug it free, which leaves it wet and shiny and pink from the pressure of her bite. And that makes me wanna kiss her again. "Just a ride home?"

"Just a ride home," I repeat softly.

"Fine. Let me in," she says, slapping the door with the palm of her hand, a curve flirting with her mouth. I feel pretty damn gratified to see it. Other than first thing in the morning, I don't get to see many real smiles from her. Polite, yes. Pretend, yes. But genuine? Not too many at all.

I hit the remote to unlock the truck door. She turns around and lifts the handle, hiking up her skirt a little and climbing in through the driver's side. For a few seconds, all I can see is a lot of leg and the bottom curve of her ass, which is every bit as tasty as I remember. The picture of her stretching in through her car window on the side of the highway is indelibly etched into my memory.

I have the sudden urge to lean forward and bite it, like a ripe, juicy apple, but I resist. Instead, I look my fill and wait until she's across the seat and in the passenger side before I get in behind her. I can't help looking over at her and grinning as I start the truck.

"What?" she asks with a little frown.

"You're just too damn sexy," I admit, shifting into reverse.

She actually grins this time. Not enough to show teeth, but enough to be considered a smile. She leans her head against the headrest and holds my gaze. "Thank you," is all she says in her velvety voice.

"I'm not sure that was a compliment. Makes this awful damn hard," I confess.

And it does. It's hard enough knowing that this little trip to get Travis somehow signifies a next step. Aching to touch her will that we are taking.

Somehow, I get the feeling that this-this trip to take her to get her brother, who she so fervently protects-is a next step. A big one. I think she knows it, too.

We watch each other for a few seconds, both of us likely thinking about what a bad idea this is. Neither of us willing to stop.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN- TOMMI

Sig doesn't talk on the way to the school. He just whistles along to a country song on the radio called Bottoms Up. That gives me plenty of time to think about what I'm doing, but also about how good it feels to be with Sig. And how it shouldn't. How badly it could end. Likely will end if it goes any further than this.

I see him glance at me several times, but I stare straight ahead. The one time I let my eyes wander over to him and stay there, he catches me and grins. "What are you thinking about?"

Of course, I lie. It's one of the few defense mechanisms left in my dwindling arsenal. "How much Travis is going to love this truck."

Sig smiles wider. "Liar."

I say nothing. I don't deny it.

To my surprise, Sig reaches over and laces his fingers with mine. "Eventually, you'll learn that you can trust me."

I smile, the same tight, polite smile that Lance gets more often than not. I know Sig is lying, too. There's a hesitation about the way he says it, like he wishes it were true, but knows it's not. I'm not shocked by this. Everyone lies. Especially people who work for Lance. It's a way of life among criminals and their cohorts. That's why I trust no one. Ever.

Travis is just walking down the concrete steps when we stop at the curb, his Special Needs teacher standing just this side of the door watching him go. He waves to me. I wave back.

Unenthusiastically, my brother makes his way down the sidewalk, his book bag hanging lifelessly off of one shoulder, chin tucked, hat pulled low. Such postures are common to those who suffer from Asperger's, but in my gut, I know this is more. Something is up. The problem is, when it comes to Travis, in many ways my hands are tied. I'm damned if I do, damned if I don't. And so is Travis.

I roll down the window. "Travis!"

His head barely moves, but I see his eyes shift upward under the bill of his cap. When he sees me, his gait stutters. I'm sure he's wondering who I'm with and why.

I get out and open the back half-door to the extended cab. "Cool truck, right?" I ask, nodding.

As Travis gets closer, I see his eyes rake the shiny, black body, the huge, knobby tires, the steps along the side. It's a pretty tough truck and I know Travis well enough to know he'll like it.

"Yeah. Pretty bad ass," he rejoins mildly, which for Travis is the equivalent of enthusiasm. "Who the hell are you?" he asks of Sig as he hops onto the small back bench seat.

"I'm Sig. Who the hell are you?" Sig is using his charming cockeyed grin when he turns in his seat and offers Travis his hand. "Just joking, man. You're Travis, lover of bad ass trucks."

Reluctantly, Travis shakes his hand, but just for a second. He lets it go quickly, like the social gesture was physically uncomfortable. Which, to Travis, it might well have been.

"You work with Lance?"

"Yep. Security."

"Then why are you here? If you're screwing my sister, he'll probably have you killed."

Although I see a small reaction in his eyes, Sig remains otherwise unaffected. "She's what I'm securing."

"Why? Is she in danger?" he asks, his eyes widening as they fly to mine and lock on. "Did something happen? Are you in trouble?"

"No, Travis. God, no. Nothing like that. Lance is just insanely paranoid. I had a flat tire on the highway a while back and he flipped because I tried to change it myself."

"God forbid you break a nail," he snaps snidely. Travis understands very little about the situation between Lance and me, but obviously he knows the basics.

"That's kinda what he was thinking. You know how he is about me looking nice."

"Jeans are the enemy," he says in a voice that sounds a lot like Lance's.

I laugh. "That's actually really good."

Sig adds, "No shit. Sounds just like him."

"Assholes're not hard to impersonate."

On that note, Sig glances at me, I shut Travis's door and get back into the passenger seat so we can get home. It's quiet in the cab for a few minutes until Sig starts talking about video games, then the conversation takes off in a direction that I can't even begin to relate to. I just listen silently, basking in the subtle animation that enters Travis's voice. Gaming is one of his favorite pass-times. I think it's one of the only things that make him feel normal. Comfortable.

When we get to the house, this time Sig pulls all the way up into the driveway before he shuts off the engine.

"Wanna come in and play some?" Travis asks as he gathers his bag and reaches for the door.

"No!" I interrupt in alarm. I feel both sets of eyes swing to me as I get out and open Travis's small door to let him out. "I mean, that's not a good idea on a school night, Travis. Why don't you take your stuff in? I'll be in a minute."

I give Travis a steady, meaningful look. His lips thin, but he says nothing, just turns and walks sullenly toward the front door.

When he's inside, I close the small door and turn to Sig. "Thanks for the ride. I...Travis...he...it was good for him. Thank you. You should probably go now, though. Since he knows the truck, he might think...I don't know what he'll think if he sees you out here half the night."

"Look, I'm happy to come in and play some games with him. Or even stay with him for a while tonight, while you're with Tonin. Unless someone else would mind me being there."

"No, it's not that. It's just Travis and me here. But he's funny about his space. He likes...well, he likes the quiet."

"Just you and Travis?" he repeats.

"Yep. Just us."

Sig looks like he wants to say something, but he doesn't. I pray that he doesn't argue. I don't want to hurt his feelings when he's just trying to be nice. But I will if I have to. I have my priorities and Travis is number one. And that includes keeping any secrets that could risk him.

"Does Lance ever come over?"

"He has a few times, but usually just to get me. He knows about Travis. He either just picks me up or I go over there."

"And you spend all of your nights here? Like you have recently?"

I know what he's asking. I gulp and will my cheeks not to turn red with embarrassment. "Yes, I spend them here. With Travis."

Sig shakes his head slowly. "And he spends them with...company."

I take a deep breath and nod. "Yes."

"Well, if you change your mind, I only live a couple blocks away."

"You do?" An unexpectedly warm sensation spreads through my belly, like temptation itself just moved in next door and I can feel the sensual fire of its welcome all the way through to my core. I almost wish I didn't know, that Sig hadn't told me. Knowing he's close. I shiver. "Did Lance tell you to do that? Move in close, I mean."

"Nope. Just coincidence, I guess. If you believe in that kind of thing."

"You don't?"

"Not at all. I believe in fate, though."

His dark whiskey eyes are fixed on mine, unmoving, unwavering. They lure me in, in to him, to his trust, to his web, so I back away. I know what lies in the web-a spider. That's what always lies in the web. Never anything good.

"I believe in making the right choices."

"And you think Lance Tonin is the right choice?"

"For me? For now? Yes."

"Until something better comes along?"

"Something like that."

Sig leans across the seat toward me. "I'm something better."

"Are you?"

"I am."

I search his eyes. For his meaning, for his game, for his plan. I find nothing, nothing but want. It gleams there beneath the chocolate like a shiny penny, hidden, but just barely. I wonder if he's even trying to conceal it.

"Thanks again for the ride," I say and I close the door behind me. I'm all the way inside, leaning against the wall in my bedroom when I finally hear Sig's engine start. I don't move until the deep rumble has disappeared down the street.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN- SIG

I've got her. She may not be absolutely sure about that yet, but I am. It's just a matter of time. Keep doing what I'm doing and she'll be mine.

I think about the information that I could glean from her once I have her on the hook. If I can just convince her of how much better off she'll be without Tonin in her life, we could take him down together. It would be an amazing bust. My career would skyrocket. I'd have my pick of assignments. And Tommi would be free.

So then why do I feel guilty?

Because it's counterproductive, I choose not to dwell on the answer.

Just over an hour later, I'm delving into warehouses near Finch's location using the secure connection the department had installed in my undercover hovel. My phone rings and I see Barber's number come up.

"Sig," I answer flatly.

"Where the hell are you?"

"Home. Why?"

"Why the hell aren't you with Tommi? Your job is to keep eyes on her at all times. That's what you're paid for."

"She asked me to leave. Besides, she's just at home with her brother and then she's going out with Tonin. I didn't think-"

"You don't get paid to think. You get paid to make sure she's safe. Get your ass over there."

How the hell did he know I'm not over there?

"She doesn't want me in her house because of Travis and-"

"Never step foot inside unless she's in trouble, asshole. Lance'll have you shot. Keep an eye on her from outside. Like you've been doing."

So they've been checking up on me. Or on Tommi. Or both.

"On my way," I snap before I hang up. I'm used to taking orders from my captain and from a few superiors I respect. From my father on occasion, even. But it goes against the grain to jump when a shithole like Barber or Tonin gives me an order. But I'll do it. Because it'll be that much sweeter when I bring 'em all down.

After I lock up, I'm walking to my truck when I see a familiar car drive by. My older brother, Steven, gives me a nod as he passes. Even from this distance, I can see the concern in his black-as-damn-night eyes.

After Mom died when I was younger, Steven took on the role of second father to me and my other siblings, Scout and Sloane. For some reason, when Dad got all distant, his way of drowning in his grief I guess, Steven stepped up to keep an eye on the family. Maybe it was his personality to begin with. Maybe it was the way he reacted to Mom's death. Maybe it was his age. Who the hell knows? I just know that from pretty much the day after she died, he's had a stick permanently lodged in his ass.

I turn my head and keep my eyes on him as he goes, frowning in suspicion in case anyone is watching me. That's what a criminal would do. It's not uncommon for cops to cruise through areas like this, and with Tommi being Tonin's girlfriend, I'm sure these streets get it more than others. But still, it was a helluva risk for Steven to take. I know why he did it. He can't stand not being able to check on me. He's a control freak that way and since he got promoted in his division, he's even worse. Power went straight to his head. Thinks he's gotta parent the shit out of the rest of us. He oughta know by now, though, that I don't need parenting. I'll have to remind him with a sucker punch to the nads as soon as I get this case closed up tight. Then he can buy me a beer while I tell him the awesome way I took down a drug lord.

The thought makes me smile. It's been a lifelong practice of mine to give my brother as much shit as I can. It usually works out well for me. He's easy to taunt and ruffle.

I take my truck the short drive to Tommi's house and I park across the street.

From my position, I have a decent view into Tommi's back yard. I see her take something out to the trash-maybe leftovers from dinner?-and then, about thirty minutes later, I watch her hang three sets of sheets on the line. Three. It reminds me of the woman in the back bedroom and the way Tommi takes care of her. And the toll it seems to take.

After she goes back inside, I wonder why she'd lie about something as simple as who lives with her. I stop thinking about it entirely, though, when I see her literally dragging Travis out into the yard. She's tugging on his arm, a playful smile on her lips, saying something that I can't hear.

She's wearing shorts. Tiny black ones that make her hips look slim and her legs look long. They're paired with a striped tank top that accentuates her lush tits in a way that only real tits can be accentuated. It's the first time since that day on the highway that I've seen her dressed so casually, in regular people clothes. The rest of the time, she looks more glamorous. Stuffier. Maybe even a little uptight. Like she's not quite comfortable in her own skin. Or her own clothes, I guess. Seems like she's who Tonin wants her to be, whether that's who she actually is or not.

Eventually, Travis stops resisting and moves on his own. He takes off his hoody as Tommi goes to get something from that little utility building out back. I actually see him smile when she returns with a Frisbee.

They throw it back and forth for a few minutes, Travis more half-heartedly than Tommi, before he finally gets into it. And when he does, they seem to have a lot of fun.

Tommi bites her lip and zings one at Travis as hard as she can, her whole upper body twisting with the effort. It takes off at an angle and Travis has to dive to catch it. Through my open window, I hear a happy, high-pitched tinkling sound-Tommi's laugh. It's light and carefree and...childlike. Almost like he's her kid and she's getting to spend some treasured time with him. It obviously pleases her to see Travis engaging, something that isn't always easy for kids with Asperger's if I remember right from my research.

Travis braces his feet and sends the red disc flying back toward Tommi. It goes high and long, and Tommi runs backward to keep her eye on it until it drops enough to catch. I see the water hose strung across the yard and I see her backing right for it. I actually lean up in my seat, like I might be able to catch her, when I see her foot tangle in it and her body pitch backward. With an expression of shock, I see her arms flail and hear her squeal as she goes down. She rolls over, ass-end up, and then flops back on the grass. For a few seconds, I feel a little bit alarmed, wondering if she hurt herself, but then she sits up. Her face is red, she's laughing so hard. She throws her head back, exposing her long, graceful throat and I wish with everything I have that I could be back there with her, enjoying her this way. The way no one but Travis gets to see her. The natural way.

They play for almost another hour before she glances at her watch and tips her head toward the house. I'm guessing she's gotta get ready for her date with the criminal. Or take care of the woman in the back bedroom, if she didn't as soon as she got home. As she walks across the yard, putting a gentle hand to Travis's shoulder as she falls in behind him, I can see the disappointment on her pretty face. This is what's important to her-Travis. That much is obvious. So why, then, does she stay with Tonin?

I don't find an answer, which tells me it must be complicated. Probably involving a lot of things that even I can't find out. Unless she tells me. But she'll have to trust me if she's going to do that.

At five minutes until seven, a limo pulls up in the driveway. No one gets out until Tommi comes down the sidewalk, and then I don't even pay any attention who it is that does. She's all I see.

Her hair is in a loose braid that falls over one shoulder. It's messy, like someone's had their hands in it, pieces falling out around her face. Sexy as hell, and goes with her strapless little black dress to make her look downright edible. Shit!

The slinky material falls from the peaks of her nipples straight to mid-thigh. It's loose, but I can still see her curves move beneath the sheath as she walks. It almost caresses her hips and ass, and I wonder again about whether she's wearing underwear.

The idea is hot as hell, but then I think about her dressing this way for Tonin and I just get mad. She's wasted on him. He doesn't deserve a woman like her and I can't for the life of me figure out what in the damn world she's doing with him.

The driver (I finally make note of) opens the back door and I see an arm reach out to take Tommi's hand. Tonin no doubt. I grit my teeth and try not to think about his hands touching her in the dark interior of that limo.

I follow the car as it pulls away from the curb. Part of me wants to go back home. I don't need to see this shit. But part of me wants to go, wants to see her. It's like a freak show. After kissing her, after seeing her with her brother, after watching her carry an unknowable weight around when she thinks no one is watching, I'm determined to figure out the reason she stays. Because I know she can't possibly want to. But I need proof. I need to know that his touch makes her cringe. I need to know that she's wishing she was anywhere else, anywhere but with him. I just hope to God I see some. Surely I can't be wrong about her. Surely the way she cares for that woman...surely the way she cares for Travis...surely the way she responds to me, I can't be wrong about her. Surely.

Tonin takes her to a swanky restaurant, one with a wait list that's months long. Turns out money talks, no matter how dirty it is. The only way I can stay even remotely close is to sit at the bar. The pain in the ass part, though, is that I can't even drink since I'm driving.

What I wouldn't give to be able to slam back a couple of shots to take the edge off.

I don't dwell on why I'm suddenly so angry. I just watch for Tommi.

When they finally make their exit at a few minutes after nine, I hurry out to my truck, parked in a restricted spot down the street. I fight the urge to crumple up the parking ticket that's waiting for me on my windshield. Instead, I just stick it in my console to turn in to the department when all is said and done. They can pay it, dammit.

Next, I follow the couple to an exclusive club that's pretty well known for it's...loose reins on its patrons. I know there's no way in hell I'm even getting through the front door without a badge or a member to back me up, so I wait for Barber to get out of the black SUV that follows Tonin everywhere he goes before I approach.

"Can't keep my eyes on her from out here, now can I?" I say with a crooked smile. Casual. Dedicated. Taking my job more seriously after his call today. That's what I want him to think.

He stares at me with his bizarrely blank eyes-killer's eyes, if I had to guess-before he nods once and turns to walk off. I follow him in, the two doormen, AKA high-end bouncers, nodding us in as we pass. I'm not surprised that Tonin and his goons are well known here.

The inside of the club is done up in black as far as the eye can see. The walls, the ceiling, the marble floor, the granite bar-everything, jet black. Even the stage, the focal point of the room, is black, and just as shiny as the shiny black pole in the center of it. There's a dancer on it right now. She has red hair that reaches her ass and tits that look too big for her body. I'd much prefer the natural handful of Tommi's to this woman's. She's pretty hot, just not what's on my mind at the moment.

I watch her wrap one leg around the pole and grind against it as she rubs her nipples. I don't know how, but she's doing a great job of making stripping look classy. That's probably a talent in and of itself. I doubt any of the girls one might find in here are common or trashy, though. Just expensive.

The stage is surrounded by deep-seated velvet chairs in black, each with a small, round table to the side, and there are several doors on two of the walls, as well as a balcony area up top. The glass is smoked, but not so much that I can't see a pole coming from the ceiling up there, too. A private viewing room, I guess.

That's when I see Tommi preceding Tonin through a door that opens onto steps that go up. I guess I know where she and Lance are going now.

I'm feeling pissy again when Barber lightly slaps my arm to get my attention. He motions toward the bar that wraps around the left side of the room. I nod and follow, sitting with him and two guys I've only seen once before, but haven't been introduced to. Must be Tonin's most trusted men. Like Barber, just lower.

I slide onto a stool and turn to watch the cocktail waitresses shake their ass across the room as they dart between tables. They're wearing short, black, satin skirts and sequined tops that look like low-cut, sleeveless tuxedos. All of them are good-looking. Built like brick shithouses. Smell like expensive perfume instead of stale cigarette smoke. Nothing less than grade A pussy in this place, I'm sure.

Nothing but the best for Tonin.

Even I can hear the bitterness in the tone of my inner voice. That's why, when Barber signals me for a drink, I order a shot of whiskey with my Coke.

My eyes continually stray to the balcony. It's eating me up wondering what the hell is going on up there. I almost come out of my seat when I see a nice, naked ass get pressed up against the tinted glass in the balcony. It's attached to a blonde head. I think my heart stops for a second when I see Tonin flatten his hands on either side of her head and kiss her. I can't watch this shit! I just can't do it.

But then I realize it's not Tommi. Thank God! She's not tall enough to be Tommi and her legs aren't long enough. That only makes me feel a little better, though. I still don't know what he's putting her through up there. I just know that I feel like she needs me, like she needs saving. And not just tonight. Every night.

Four shots later, nothing seems to be able to take the edge off. I have to know what's going on up there.

I tell Barber I'm going to the bathroom. After seeing several people going in one direction, I finally saw the muted male and female symbols above a short hallway right beside the stairs that lead up to the balcony. The stairs I need to sneak onto. I head that way, squelching the voice in the back of my mind that warns me that this is a bad idea. Yes, I'm supposed to get close to her, but it probably shouldn't be eating me up like this because I can't. The rational side of me says that I'm dangerously close to mixing business with pleasure. Every other side of me tells that side to go to hell.

I glance behind me to see if Barber's watching. He's not. He and the other two are eyeing a waitress that has stopped to talk to them. She's all but sitting in Barber's lap, which he doesn't seem to be minding much. I turn back toward my objective.

After another quick glance behind me, rather than continuing on to the bathrooms, I open the door that leads upstairs and then jerk it shut behind me. In the darkness of the stairwell, as I look up to whatever might be waiting for me at the top, I realize I'm almost to the point of no return. I also realize that I don't care. If I get caught, I'll think of something, some excuse. I'm quick on my feet. You have to be to go under. I was born with the skill to do this and I'm not afraid to use it.

I still hear the music from the club; it's just a little more muted. But now, I also hear laughing and moaning. It's coming from upstairs. And it sets my teeth on edge.

I mount the steps, pausing at the top to look left and right. The stairs don't dump directly into the balcony. There's a small anteroom before it, and I can see another open doorway. It leads into a private bathroom. I can see the vanity mirror and sink.

The next song that comes on is sexy as hell, Don't Tell 'Em. Under different circumstances, I'd love to have this playing when I'm with Tommi. But not tonight. Not like this.

I ease around the rail that tops the steps and press against the wall to get a sidelong glance into the balcony room. My jaw drops open and hangs there, stunned wide.

There's a stage up here as well. A smaller version of the one downstairs. And Tommi is on it. Her ass is pressed to the pole, back arched, eyes closed. Her fingers are threaded into the hair of a brunette. Looks like she's licking one of Tommi's nipples. Tonin is on a couch to the left of the stage, watching the show as the blonde who I must've seen from downstairs sucks his cock. His palm is on the back of her head, pumping it up and down, as he eyes Tommi and the other girl on the stage.

So this is what he likes. This is what he has her do for him. While I hate the thought of him seeing her, of him possibly making her do stuff like this against her will, I almost hope this is what gets him off, that he never lays a hand on her otherwise. Just watches other women do it. Maybe this is what she does to get what she needs from him, whatever that is. Because I know there's something. Right now, Tonin is saving her from...something. But who's going to save her from him? Or from herself?

I can't stop my eyes from drifting back to the stage. The brunette is making her way down Tommi's stomach, her hands plastered to the round ass that I so often admire. Tommi's eyes are still closed, her body swaying slightly to the sensual tune, but not necessarily like she's enjoying what's happening. She looks to me like she's checked out, like she's somewhere else. Thinking of something else. I wonder again if this is what Tonin makes her do. Maybe it's what she has to do to keep him from putting his dick in her. Hell, if that's the case, I don't blame her. I'd let a hot chick lick on me all day long if it saved me from Tonin. Of course, I'd let a hot chick lick on me all day anyway, but that's not the point.

The brunette pulls Tommi's lacy panties from one hip and I let my eyes wander back up a flat, golden stomach to pale-white, creamy breasts that are absolutely perfect in every way. They're plump and high and topped with dusky pink nipples that are just the right size. At the moment, they're hard as damn rocks, too.

My cock stirs in my jeans and I think to myself that I should go back downstairs. Tonin would be mad as hell if he found me up here creeping on his party, but I can't tear my eyes away from Tommi. She's the sexiest, most beautiful thing I've ever seen. Her skin is flawless, her body exquisite. Every long, tall inch of it.

I pull my gaze away from her tits to find her face. Her eyes are open now. And focused on me.

CHAPTER NINETEEN- TOMMI

In my mind, Sig is so real. With the thump of the music drowning out reality, I can feel his hands on my body, his mouth at my breast, his hair between my fingers. In my fantasy, in the quiet of my mind, I can be anywhere, with anybody. And I chose Sig. Whether I meant to or not, he's on my mind more often than not lately.

Heat and moisture spread from my nipples down my stomach to my navel. Fingers tug at my panties and I want more than anything to lose myself to sensation. To him.

Only this isn't real. Not what's in my head. It's just a dream, a foggy place where I go to escape whatever is happening to me. I've done it most of my life and it's always worked. Until tonight. I know when I open my eyes, I won't see Sig. I'll be alone in a room full of people, in a room full of people who don't even know me, who only want something from me that I don't want to give.

Reluctantly, my lids drift up and lock onto a pair of eyes that look onyx in the shadows, eyes that I've been dreaming about since I first saw them sparkle in the sunshine. For a few seconds, I can't be sure I'm not still in my dream world.

Is Sig really standing in the doorway, watching me? I don't know.

His gaze devours me, delves into my soul, through the windows of my pupils. I can feel him touching me there, like I can feel his stare touching me everywhere else.

Like a caress, I watch his eyes fall to my lips. I wet them because they burn for him, for his kiss. I see his perusal skim my throat and chest and stray to my breasts. My nipples tingle into sharp points, aching for the man who stands across the room. My stomach muscles contract when the dark orbs tease them. And when they go lower, as though stripping me barer than I already am, I feel the gush of warmth between my legs.

I gasp, teetering between what's real and what's imagined. It's when Sig's eyes return to mine, blazing with a fire that singes my nerve ends, that I realize he's here. He's really here, standing in the doorway, watching as another woman touches me so that Lance can get off. What he doesn't know is that his is the only touch that I crave-Sig's.

I jerk my eyes away. I have to fight the urge to cover myself because I can't draw Lance's attention to Sig or this night will go sideways in a hurry. Instead, I tug on Felicia's head and bring her back up to stand in front of me. "I need to go to the bathroom," I tell her.

With a sexy smile, she nods and whirls away to grab the pole with one hand and swing her body around it, always the performer. I hold up one finger to Lance, who just lays his head back and closes his eyes as Amber bobs up and down on him.

Trying not to act self-conscious, I walk across the room in only my heels and panties, my head held high. I remind myself that nobody knows me. Not really. They might think they do, that they can judge me, but they can't. They have no idea what my life is like, what's involved and why I do the things that I do. God forbid they ever have to find out, that they ever have to face the limited options I've had to face. And make the choices that I've made.

My cheeks burn as I brush past Sig in the hall and hurry to the bathroom. I know he will follow me. I can see the anger on his face. He's too mad to think about self-preservation, which is why I have to preserve for him.

He comes in behind me and closes the door. I cover myself as I turn, not expecting him to be right next to me.

"Why?" he hisses. "Why the hell do you let him do this shit to you? You're better than this. Better than him."

"If I do things like this for him, let him watch, he keeps his hands off me. It's a deal we made a long time ago. He can keep his whores or he can have me. Not both."

"H-he doesn't touch you? You don't..."

"No. I don't think I could live with myself. Besides, it's not his hands that I want touching me."

He watches me, chest heaving, for two long seconds and then his mouth is on mine, hot and urgent. His fingers thread into my braid and fist, pulling my head to the side as he slips his tongue between my lips. I taste the dark hint of whiskey combined with a sweetness that seems to be just Sig, and I realize that I'm thirsty. So thirsty. For this. For him.

He kisses me with a wildness that awakens an abandon in me, a desire to throw caution to the wind and dive into this. And for a few moments, I do.

I dig my nails into his straining biceps and I open for him, I let him into a place that few people have ever seen. It's a place where I hide, I hide the real me with all her emotions and hurts and wants.

Sig winds his arms around me, the fingers of one hand squeezing my butt while the other skates up and down my naked side. When his lips leave mine and trail along my jaw, I arch for him, my only thought to feel his kiss on every needy surface of my body.

"When you go back out there, you think of me," he growls lustily, his teeth biting into my chin as he passes on his way to my neck. "My hands, my lips, my tongue."

I feel breathless and hot. On fire, from the inside out. When his mouth latches onto my nipple, I gasp my response to him as quietly as I can. "I was. I was already thinking of you."

"Now you'll know," he says around my flesh, his tongue and teeth and lips, licking and nipping and sucking. "You'll know what it feels like. And what it'll be like when I have you naked, underneath me."

I'm panting, dizzy when his hand slides down my belly and into my panties, one long finger finding my core, driving inside me and bringing me up on my tiptoes.

"Oh god!" I whisper, my muscles tightening as I spiral up and up and up.

Sig pumps his finger in and out of me, rough and fast then slow and deep, pausing every few seconds for his thumb to massage my clit. "Feel me. Just me."

It's too much-his mouth, his hands, his heat. When he thrusts another finger into me, I shiver once before the spasms of an orgasm start, the only orgasm I've ever experienced at the hands of someone else. Oh, I've gotten off before, a few times even in front of someone else. And I've faked them, too. Hundreds of times, probably. But never has someone else brought me here. And never, never has it felt like this.

My whole body burns and tingles, but in the most delicious way. I feel like I'm floating, high above the floor on which my feet are planted. I'm conscious only of feeling more satisfied than I've ever felt and of Sig's sweet kisses as they draw ever closer to my mouth.

His fingers are still inside me, moving slowly, languorously, urging the waves to keep pouring over me. But for the pursing of my lips to stifle the noises that are poised at the back of my throat, I'm paralyzed, at his mercy. And happily so.

Until I remember where I am. And who waits just outside this small room.

When I can breathe again, I cup Sig's face and bring his eyes level with mine. They're as dark as I've ever seen them. Raw. Passionate. Possessive.

"You can't be here. With me," I huff. "Lance'll kill you if he finds out."

"I'd like to see him try."

"Sig, you don't know him. You can't take risks like this."

"I know the risk. And I can handle it. Besides, you're worth it."

"But what if he hurts you?"

Sig shrugs.

"So I'm worth it? Even if it hurts?"

"Especially if it hurts."

I can see by his expression that my words do nothing to deter him. It's written all over his face that he wants to rescue me. Which is why I have to rescue him. "Please, Sig. You have to go."

His eyebrows draw into a frown. "I'm not worried about Lance and I'm not worried about me. I'm worried about you."

"Don't be. I can take care of myself."

"It sure doesn't look like it to me. What the hell are you doing with him?"

There's angry judgment in his eyes. He just doesn't understand. No one does.

I shut down. I can feel it. Withdraw into the only safety I know-solitude. "I have my reasons." I look down at the floor, avoiding his eyes.

"And they are?"

"None of your business."

"Don't do that," he says softly, smoothing my hair away from neck and laying his palm against my pulse.

"Do what?"

"Shut me out. I want to help you."

"You can't."

"Maybe I can. And there's only one way to find out."

At that, I glance back up into his face, into his warm cocoa eyes. "Trust you, right?"

"Yes. Why is that so hard?"

"You wouldn't understand."

"I might if you'd let me in."

"I'm sorry, Sig. I just...I just...I can't."

"You can't or you won't?"

"Is there a difference?"

"There's a big difference."

"Then take your pick. Neither one changes the facts." I take a deep breath and press my hand to the center of his chest, gently pushing back. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to get back. Before I get you hurt."

"You won't get me hurt. You didn't ask me to come here. You didn't make me seek you out."

I pause, the warmth of his body heating the skin of my hand, all the way through to my bones, it seems. "Why did you? Seek me out, I mean."

"It's my job, isn't it?" His words feel like a slap to the face, after what just happened between us. My solitary shell, the dark, safe place in which I hide, holds even more appeal now. Until he speaks again. "That's what I should say, but it would be a lie."

"A-and what would be the truth?"

"That I can't stop thinking about you. That I can't stand the thought of him touching you, of him making you do things for him, for his pleasure. The only hands that should ever be against your body are these," he says, holding up his hands. "Mine."

I don't know what to say to that. Part of me thrills at what he's implying-that he cares about me. But a bigger part of me shies away, distrustful as always.

"Try not to think about it. That's what I do."

His brow furrows again and I know I've said too much. I can't admit to things like that. "Then why do it?" I say nothing, simply hold his puzzled stare. "None of my business, right?"

I see his frustration mount, and he steps back and runs his hands through his messy, dark blond hair. The action draws my eye and my palms tingle with the remembered feel of the silky strands tickling them as his fingers invaded my body.

"I won't give up," he states flatly, determined.

"I wish you would."

"Do you? Do you really? Don't you want someone to help you? To save you? To rescue you?"

"Some people can't be saved."

"But you're not one of those people. I refuse to believe that."

"I-I have to go," I tell him again, moving slowly past him, my arms crossed over my chest. Somehow, although the temperature hasn't changed, I feel frozen in my nudity. Vulnerable. Miserable.

"I'll see you tomorrow?"

I don't turn to look at him; I only nod as I carefully open the door and slip out into the empty hall.

Stopping just outside the doorway, almost exactly where Sig was standing, I straighten my spine, square my shoulders. I quickly remind myself of the reasons, of the whys and the musts, then I plaster a demure smile on my face and I go back in to face the music. At least for a little while longer.

CHAPTER TWENTY- SIG

I haven't spoken to anyone since last night when I stormed back through the club and told Barber I was leaving. I gave him no explanation, didn't feel like I owed him one. And to hell with him if he didn't like it. He won't have to tell me how and when to do my job. I'll keep my eyes on Tommi until I can take down Tonin and set her free. She has been drawn inexplicably into my mission, even if the department has no idea the degree to which she is involved in my plan. Serve and protect-that's what we do. That's what I do. And Tommi needs protecting, whether she'll admit it or not.

After scarfing down a leftover cheeseburger and two pieces of pizza from my practically empty fridge, I brew a pot of coffee, dump as much of it as I can fit into a travel mug and I hit the door. When I arrive at Tommi's, there are no signs that they're awake. Or even at home. But her car is still at Tonin's. Unless she got it last night and has already left. Assuming that's not the case, though, I suppose that she's in there, and that she needs me.

A ride, I mean, I clarify to myself.

At eight o'clock, the front door opens and Travis appears. He's wearing his usual hoodie, pulled up over the low bill of his hat, and he's walking with the enthusiasm of any other kid who has been ousted from his warm bed to go to school when he'd much rather be sleeping.

A few seconds after he steps onto the tiny front porch, Tommi follows, pausing to reach back and pull the door shut behind her, testing the knob to make sure it's locked. She looks fresh and beautiful, not like she had a night like she did, and she's dressed impeccably. Of course. She doesn't look up as she makes her way down the driveway to where I'm parked at the curb, so I take in her clothes, her body, the way she moves.

She's wearing light brown pants that hang like some sort of expensive material, the shift of her supple thighs barely visible beneath it. A dark orangey-pink blouse with a plunging neckline is tucked in at the waist, accentuating her curves in a demure, hot-teacher kind of way. I think again of her cut off shorts and tank top, my favorite. I miss them. More than I probably should and for reasons I dare not think about.

"Where are you going after we drop Travis off at school? A political fundraiser?"

She says nothing, still not meeting my eyes as she holds the door for Travis and then climbs up into the passenger seat in silence. Her brother has no such problem answering, though.

"Laaance likes her to dress that way," he sneers.

"Travis!" she says, a little snappy before she softens her voice and asks, "Did you get your lunch from the kitchen?"

I hear his frustrated sigh as Travis pats his backpack, green zippers clacking.

"I wouldn't have to aggravate you about it if you'd just leave your bag in the kitchen at night. I'd put your lunch in there in the morning and not have to ask you every day if you got it," she explains a tad defensively.

Travis says nothing.

"I'm making chicken pot pie tonight. Don't make plans," she requests, less of an edge to her tone now. To this he grunts. "Did you hear me?"

Travis nods, continuing to stare morosely out the window. I guess his part in the conversation is officially over.

I wait for a minute before I speak. "I just meant to say that you look beautiful. Stuffy, but beautiful," I confess quietly, glancing over at Tommi.

"Thank you," she murmurs, not taking her eyes off the windshield.

It's my turn to sigh. Doesn't seem like they're much for talking this morning, so I crank up the music for the rest of the ride to school, singing along with the songs that I know. Loud as hell, too. A couple of times, I check my rearview and find Travis trying not to grin. Now if I could just get Tommi to come around.

When we drop off Travis, I can't help noticing the way Tommi stares after him, her heart in her eyes. What's eating at her? What isn't she telling me?

A lot, I imagine. I think this woman must be an enigma wrapped up in a bundle of secrets, secrets maybe nobody knows. But I aim to find out. Luckily, I'm good at working puzzles, at figuring them out. I just need a few more pieces. I'll have to finesse them out, these important facts, but I'll do it. I can be pretty damn persuasive when I set my mind to it.

She doesn't say a single word on the way to Tonin's place. I think we're both aware of the big elephant sitting in the back seat, though.

I can recall with disturbing clarity the way she looked last night, the way she felt in my arms, under my hands, against my body. Her smell, her taste...Damn! I want more. A lot more. I think she does, too, but there's a whole lotta shit holding her back. By rights, there should be a lot holding me back, too, but I figure it can only help strengthen her trust in me and go toward accomplishing the overall goal of taking Tonin down, which should make her life a whole lot better.

The more I think about it, the more I'm convinced that Tonin's got something on her. Or maybe he's giving her something that she desperately needs. I can't imagine what, but he has some kind of hold on her. I mean to break it, though. If she'll just trust me.

When I pull into the spot right beside her car in the garage, I reach out to take her hand before she can hurry out of the truck. "Spend the day with me today. Not because I'll be following you, but because you want to."

Her eyes are full of all kinds of things-fear, sadness, regret. "I-I can't."

"You can. If you want to."

"I have a spa appointment."

She didn't say she didn't want to, just that she has other plans. "Skip it."

"If Lance found out..."

"He won't."

"You don't know him. You don't know the kind of reach he has. You're playing with fire."

"I don't care."

"But I do."

We're quiet for a few seconds as I stroke the back of her hand with my thumb. "I wish you wouldn't worry about me."

She looks down at our hands. "I wish I didn't care," she confesses so softly I almost don't hear her. She pulls her hand from my grasp. "We'd better get upstairs. My appointment is at ten."

After last night, there's no question that I go up with her. All the way up. And when we ride the elevator back down almost two hours later, there's no question that she'll come with me, in my truck.

Not a single word is said until Tommi is climbing out of my vehicle and onto the street in front of the spa. She gives me her polite smile, the "Lance" one, as I've come to think of it. Fake as hell.

"Pick me up at two?"

"I'll be here," I say with a nod.

Four hours at a spa? What kind of shit is she having done?

I already know the answer most likely. She's carrying one of the oversized bags she brings when she's got her little computer. That means the spa has a back door and that there's a Wi-Fi spot nearby. I'd bet money on it.

I check the area for places that might offer Wi-Fi and dark privacy. I spot at least two on the same side of the street. I devote the next few minutes to thinking like a woman who feels trapped by a dangerous criminal, a woman who is doing something that she doesn't want to get caught doing. How would she go about this?

If I were her, I'd schedule a legit appointment and get some spa-ing done. Then, maybe afterward I'd sneak out the back and into one of the other places to do my covert shit. That would be the wisest thing, I think. That way if Lance called the spa, they'd say that she had a ten o'clock appointment and that she was not to be disturbed or whatever. An extra hour at the end could be chalked up to anything, I would imagine. She fell asleep in the sauna, she got caught up talking to some of the girls or another client. Hell, maybe he wouldn't even ask. Women dawdle. He has to know that. And she can lie very convincingly, especially to a guy with an ego like Tonin's.

I'm betting on that sort of a plan. Just to see if I'm right, if I'm getting to know her well enough to think like she does, I wait until twelve thirty and I cross the street and head around the block, to the alley between the first row of buildings and the next. I lean against the brick corner, shielded by a big dumpster, and I wait.

At ten minutes before one, I'm gratified when I see Tommi's bright head slip out into the alley and move casually, like she has every reason in the world to be back here, down several doors and disappear inside.

I imagine she told the people in the spa that she had to run a couple of errands. Maybe she even left something there so she has a reason to come back through and then out the front door where I'll be waiting. Damn, she's sneaky.

I walk back to the street side and down to the cafe she snuck into. It wouldn't be out of the question for me to have come back early and drop in for a coffee as I wait, so I don't bother trying to hide my appearance.

I glance casually around as I make my way to the counter to order. As I pretend to study the menu, I take in everything I can through my peripheral vision. There's a hallway that leads to the bathrooms and, I'm guessing, to the back exit. There are a few small tables dotted along the wall, tables that disappear down that way. My guess is that she's sitting at one of those.

When my coffee is up, I hit the condiment station before I head back to the truck. Without actually looking, I throw a napkin in the trash so I can get a peek at the hall. The platinum head hunkering in the shadows is unmistakable, as is the glow of a monitor on her face.

What the hell is she up to? I think for at least the fifth time.

For the next hour, I get to ponder this as I wait for her to make her way back to the spa and out the front door, which she does. I see her wave to someone inside, a big smile on her face. She's good. She's very good.

She's all smiles and glowing skin when she passes by me to step up into the truck. "Thank you," she says as I close the door and round the front to the driver's side.

"Enjoy your appointment?"

"Immensely!"

I just bet you did.

"Where to?" I hope she says anywhere other than back to Tonin's.

"To the school. It's almost time to get Travis."

Her lips hold a little curve all the way to the school. She seems downright happy, which makes me even more anxious to find out what she's doing on that computer. Even Travis notices.

"What the hell's wrong with you?" he asks in his moody way.

"Nothing. Why?"

He eyes her skeptically, like he doesn't recognize her. "You're never like this when you've spent the day with that asshole. Actually, you're never like this at all anymore."

"What's 'like this'?" she asks with a half laugh.

"Happy."

Her light expression falls a little. "I haven't been with Lance today."

Travis frowns at her, but then he glances at me. I can almost see the conclusion he's drawing before he nods his head once and grunts. I wish it was the right one, but it's not. Her mood has nothing to do with me.

"I wish you could get away from him," he mutters. "If it weren't for me..."

Tommi whirls around in her seat and puts her hand on Travis's knee. "Stop it! It has nothing to do with you."

As convincing as she tries to be, I can see that Travis believes her about as much as I do, which is not at all. But now I know that at least part of her reason for being with Tonin has something to do with her brother. I just have to figure out what that is. And what the other part entails.

Travis angles his body in his seat, drawing his backpack closer and toying with the blue zipper along the top. Obviously, he's finished with his end of the conversation.

When I drop Tommi and Travis off, I back out and park across the street. My phone bleeps a few minutes later with a message from Barber, telling me there's a change of plans, to bring her back to Tonin's at eight. I grit my teeth as I imagine what's in store for her tonight.

After I reply, I type in a secure code to my phone and send a message to my contact at the precinct, requesting a secure thumb drive that I might be able to sneak into Tommi's computer if I get a chance and for him to send everything he can find on Tommi and her family in an encrypted file to the server so that I can look at it when I get a chance to log on. Luckily, the department has all sorts of precautions they can take to make sure we are able to communicate without getting caught. Firewalls, bouncing signals, encrypted files, secure networks, all sorts of technical shit that I don't understand but know how to use. My brother liked to brag about all this covert shit after his first undercover assignment ended, so I was familiar with it a long time ago.

I press send then delete the text message. No one would know what it was anyway, but it just makes sense to get rid of it. Why take unnecessary chances? To anyone who might find it, it looks like I sent a request for nude pictures from one of those sites that send you porn for $2.99 a pop. No criminal would find that suspicious at all, should he somehow finds a way to hack my phone. Men like Tonin aren't to be underestimated. No doubt he has someone who's great with computers and technology on staff. He probably knows everything that goes on with his people, whether they know it or not. I'm sure that's why Tommi is smart enough not to do whatever it is she's doing on her computer from her house.

Later, I order another pizza and head over to my house to grab a bite before I have to take Tommi back to Tonin. It pisses me off that I can't stop her. Or help her. I could if she'd let me. Of course, then I'd lose my in with Tonin. Dammit.

I'm in a shitty mood when I park in Tommi's driveway at seven thirty. I'm in an even shittier mood when I see her come out her front door. Her hair pours down her back in a golden wave and her lips match her wine-colored fingernails. She's wearing skin tight black leather pants, a slinky silver top that drops off one shoulder and heels that make her even taller. She's dressed in clothes that he likes, getting ready to spend an evening being his toy, and I have to take her.

I open the door for her, taking her hand to help her into the truck. I don't say anything and neither does she, until I'm in the driver's seat. Before I start the truck, I let out an aggravated breath and say to her, "You look amazing."

Her "thank you" is barely audible. Her mood seems to mirror mine.

"I just wish I was taking you somewhere else. Anywhere else."

I think she says, "I do, too," but I can't be sure. Her voice is too soft, too...somber.

Other than road noise, the only sound on the way across town is the radio. In the parking garage, we sit in the truck, in the quiet, after I cut the motor. I see her reach for the door handle and I take a deep breath, ready to get out and walk her up. But she pauses. After a few seconds, I hear her low voice again.

"Even if it hurts?"

I glance over at her, at the lost, trapped look on her face. God if I could just take her away from this!

But I can't.

Not yet.

I try to grin, but I'm sure it's a piss-poor expression. "Especially if it hurts."

On our way up in the elevator, I think to myself that I never thought the sentiment that I've had for so long would ever feel as bitter as it does right now.

It hurts Tommi, but it pisses me off. And makes me sick. And makes me hurt for her.

I watch the lighted floor numbers tick by in the elevator, moving us ever closer to what neither of us wants. It's with utter helplessness that I roll to my side and pin Tommi against the wall, smashing my mouth to hers, as if I can mark her so deeply, so thoroughly that she won't feel anything else for the rest of the night.

"Nothing but me," I tell her breathlessly, my lips still less than an inch from hers. "Feel nothing but me. Do you hear me?"

"I hear you," comes her broken voice.

I back away just in time for the doors to swing open. I watch Tommi step out, but I don't follow. She stops in the foyer, a couple of feet from me, unmoving until the elevator doors close and take me back downstairs. And she's left all alone. All alone with a monster.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE- TOMMI

Another week goes by. I'm with Sig more now. In some unspoken agreement, he drives me where I need to go. And where I have to go, too. He never just drops me off at Lance's anymore. He walks me up, our eyes lingering as long as we dare let them as we wait for the elevator doors to close. He never stays in the penthouse, though. I wouldn't want him to either. No matter what happens, I want him separated from it. I want to be able to look him in his beautiful chocolate eyes when I leave, not hide from them in shame.

He's almost always waiting for me in the truck when I reach the garage. No matter the time of day or how long it's been since I left him, he's there. Wordlessly, he helps me into the passenger side, closes the door and walks back around to get behind the wheel. Before we can even pull out in the street, he reaches between us and takes my hand, holding it until he has to let it go.

Every day it gets harder to leave him, to watch him drive away or walk away, or watch the elevator doors close between us. And today, it's nearly unbearable.

My stomach turns as I take the first wobbly step toward the living room where Lance undoubtedly waits. This has never been easy. Harder than anyone in the world would ever imagine, in fact. But today, it's never been worse. Sig is making everything worse. Better in many ways, which just makes the bad parts...well, worse.

My legs don't want to carry me any farther. The thought of anyone else's hands on me, anyone else's mouth on me is nearly unbearable. And it has to be because of Sig. His touch, his kiss. He has made what I have to do take an emotional back seat to what he makes me feel, to what I want to do. And that's not good. I knew he would mean disaster for me. I can't afford to let anyone or anything get me off course. I'm the only chance Travis has.

"You alright, Tommi?" Sammy, one of the alternate guys who watches the penthouse elevator, asks.

A light bulb goes off. My mind quickly spins a lie that will give me a brief reprieve, the perfect excuse to get me out of here and to go back home where I can clear my head and get my priorities back in order. "Actually, I'm not sure. I don't feel very well."

He rushes forward and helps me into one of the two exquisite Queen Ann chairs that frame the elevator. I drop my head down between my knees allowing the blood that has drained away from my brain to return.

I hear murmuring and then, less than a minute later, I feel a hand on my back. "What's the matter?" Lance asks in his nasally voice.

I raise my head and meet his beady blue eyes, wondering how I can go on like this-disgusted with the man I need, increasingly attracted to the man I need to stay away from.

The answer is simple. I can't. I can't go on like this if Sig is in the picture. It's only going to get harder. Therefore, I need to figure out how to get him out of the way so I can do what I have to do.

"I'm not feeling very well."

Lance takes a step back, hurriedly, like I just told him I have Ebola. "You don't look very good."

I laugh humorlessly. "Thanks a lot."

"You know what I mean."

I nod, grateful for the visceral reaction that caused me to pale and become nauseous. It inadvertently added authenticity to my claim.

"Maybe I should just go back home for the day." I know my suggestion will be met with enthusiastic agreement. Lance only wants the beautiful, trophy toy, not someone he has to care about or care for.

"That's probably best."

"Maybe I'll be feeling better for the party tonight..."

"Don't push it. I can close a deal without your charming presence, I think. Just this once."

"I'm not saying you can't. I just don't want to let you down. I know how important business is to you."

"Not more important than you."

Lie. I am part of his business. Part of the face of it.

I wipe my damp forehead with the back of my hand and stand, clutching my stomach for effect. "Okay. Well, if I'm not feeling better by morning, I'll call. Otherwise, I'll be over around ten tomorrow."

He pats my upper arms, like an old woman might, and he gives me a tight smile. "If you need anything, let Sig know. I'll have him stay close."

"No!" I rush to say, then add more calmly, "that's not necessary. I'll be fine without anybody on hand. But I'll be sure to call him if I need anything. I can wait until he arrives."

"Regardless, he won't be far. For my peace of mind." Lance's tone brooks no argument.

I keep my lips clamped shut. The more I resist, the more attention it will draw. "You're so good to me."

Vomit.

"Feel better."

With that, he practically shoves me back onto the elevator and I'm free. At least for a few hours.

I rush downstairs, keeping an eye out for Sig as I make my way to my car. There is no evidence of him in sight and I made sure to steer clear of his truck was parked. I don't know what he does for all the hours I'm with Lance, but it appears that he's gone for the moment.

I take full advantage of my getaway, driving straight to a favorite Internet cafe of mine that's all the way on the other side of town, near a boutique that I love, which is always good cover. I spend the next hour and a half on my computer and the following twenty minutes haphazardly picking out a dress and some shoes to cement my excuse. If Lance somehow finds out I didn't go straight home and asks me about it, I'll tell him that I needed some fresh air and my drive brought me here. I'll have a receipt to prove it. And a new outfit. No big deal.

At least I hope not.

Some small part of my brain worries that one day I'll get caught, but that part is quickly overridden and squashed. I can't let that fear get a foothold or everything will be ruined. So I go through the days smart but brave, calculating yet casual.

When I get back home, I'm a little surprised to find both the street and my driveway empty. Sig won't be happy that I left him in the dust that way, but I can't be too concerned about what makes him happy. I just can't.

Still, I feel guilty. I know he wanted to spend the day with me. The problem is, I wanted to spend the day with him, too. More than I wanted to do the things that I have to do. That's what caused the problem.

I take my bags inside and change into more comfortable clothes-my clothes-before I tend to my mother. When I go into her room, she has turned sideways in the bed and one of her legs is hanging off the edge of the foam mattress.

"Feeling restless today, Momma?" I ask when I walk in, moving to her head to curl my hands under her arms. "Gotta get you back up here. Push with your legs, okay?"

I get no response, but sometimes when I ask her to do things, some still-alive part of her brain understands and complies. "One, two, three, push!" I say as I drag her toward me.

I see her feet scramble in the covers as she tries to do as I asked, but she's not much help. It still takes me two more tries to get her back where she needs to be in the bed. Even though I'm out of breath by then, my heart is happy. Any time I see evidence of the woman who raised me, any time I see evidence of life inside her, it gives me hope. Hope that maybe one day...some how, some way...she can recover.

I feed her lunch and give her plenty to drink, all the while apologizing for my slack ways of the last few weeks.

"I know I've gotten off my routine, Momma. I don't like going so long checking on you. I would never do this if I had another choice. You know that. I feel terrible, but Lance hired someone to keep an eye on me and I can't risk him finding out about you. If he finds out about you, it's possible that he could find out about everything else. And you know why I can't let that happen."

The weight of it all, coupled with the guilt of what I've done and what I still have yet to do, is suffocating. I wipe a tear from my cheek before it can travel very far. "I know if you could talk, you'd tell me I'm doing the right thing. You'd want me to take care of Travis the best way I know how, wouldn't you?"

My mother's vacant green eyes stare into mine. Something is going on behind them; I just don't think that "something" is very often coherent or helpful. She grunts again and I see her lips move. Whether it's because she wants more to drink or because she actually wants to speak, I don't know. I choose to believe that if she could, she'd tell me that she understands and that she approves. But deep down, I hope that she has no idea what I'm saying, what I'm doing. I know that, one day, her out-of-it state will soon be a comfort to me. It will ease the guilt of what I may have to do when it comes time to run.

But that is another thought I refuse to dwell upon. I can't give it room to grow. Or cripple me. Because that's what it will do.

I've been at home for almost two hours and Sig still hasn't shown up. That's not like him. He seems very dedicated and, after this morning (and, even more, after the night at the club), I would've thought he'd be hard to shake.

As I pace through the living room, peeking through the curtains periodically for signs of his truck, I begin to feel the first stirrings of fear. And more guilt.

What if Lance found out that he lost me when I left? What if Lance, prone to dramatic mood swings, decided he wouldn't give Sig another chance and fired him? All because of me. Or, worse yet, what if somehow Lance found out about our...relationship, whatever it is, and Sig is in trouble?

The mere suggestion of Sig getting hurt because of me twists my stomach into a sick knot. I pace faster, wringing my hands as I go.

After another thirty minutes, I get in my car and strike out to see if I can find Sig's house. If he's there, I'll see his truck. Not many of the houses in this neighborhood have garages, so...

I go to the stop sign and turn left, like I've seen him do, and I prowl slowly along the street, looking for his big, black vehicle. When I reach the next stop sign, I take another left. No truck. At that stop sign, I make another left, which brings me full circle, to the crossroads of my own street. One block, no Sig.

I retrace my steps to the first stop sign and go left again. At the next one, I take a right instead and comb through the driveways on that street. Still no truck.

I'm about to turn left at the next stop sign when I see the back end of a black truck sticking out of a driveway up ahead. I go straight through the red octagonal sign and stop in front of what looks exactly like Sig's truck.

I glance around, looking for what I don't know. I feel like I'm doing something wrong, even though I'm not. It's not like I'm casing the joint to break in later, which I did once or twice in my stupid youth.

Shifting into park, I cut the engine and head for the front door. Just as I'm raising my hand to knock, it swings open to reveal the very aloof face of Sig.

He says nothing as he stares at me and, for a moment, neither do I. I just look at him, take him in. He's so beautiful, his eyes so rich and deep, his features so handsome and strong. He practically fills the entire doorway with his tall frame and wide shoulders. An involuntary shiver runs through me, one that registers a small frown on his brow.

He takes a step back and tips his head for me to come in, so I do. I stop just inside the front door, looking around his barely-there living room, which consists of an olive-green couch and matching recliner, a coffee table and a big screen television mounted to the back wall, and then the tiny kitchen that opens onto it. I see a few boxes stacked against one wall, but certainly not enough to contain all that would be needed to fill up this space.

"Still getting settled?" I ask.

"I travel light," is his only response. He closes the door and then comes around in front of me, crossing his arms over his chest. "As flattered as I am that you're concerned over my state of unpacking, I seriously doubt it brought you all the way over here."

I laugh uneasily. "No, it didn't. I, uh, I wanted to make sure you were okay."

Another frown. "Why wouldn't I be?"

I shrug with one shoulder. "Since I didn't see you when I left Lance's this morning, I wanted to make sure you didn't get in trouble for not sticking with me."

"How can I get in trouble when you took off?"

Again, I shrug. "Lance is unpredictable."

"I told you that you don't have to worry about me."

"I know, I know," I say, looking down at the shaggy beige carpet and digging at it with the toe of my ratty Vans. "I wish I could not worry about you."

I see big boots enter my field of vision and then a finger touches my chin, bringing my gaze up to his. There is still some aggravation in his eyes, but now they hold tenderness and heat and...possessiveness, so much so that they take my breath away.

"I'm not a sadist, but I actually like that you worry." One side of his mouth twitches up into a lopsided grin. "I just wish you weren't so damn slippery."

"Slippery?"

"Hell yeah. I can't get a bead on you."

"You know how a woman loves her mystery," I say, nonchalant.

"You may, but I don't. I want to know what's going on behind those eyes, what's going on inside that beautiful head." His voice is soft now, his touch whisper-light as he brushes the back of his finger along my jawline.

"Trust me, you don't want to know."

"Oh, but I do. I want to know. I want to know you."

"I told you-"

"I know what you told me. I've heard every word you've said. The problem is, it doesn't make any difference. I care about you, Tommi. I care about what happens to you, what you're going through. I care that you don't smile much. I care that you carry the weight of the world on your shoulders, but you won't tell me why or let me help. I care that you put yourself through awful shit for reasons that I don't understand. Because I know you don't give a rat's ass about Tonin."

"That's not true," I begin, rushing to disabuse him of his very accurate observations. "I-"

"Stop it!" he snaps, but not unkindly. It just seems that he's as tired of my lies as I am. "You don't have to lie to me. I'd rather you not answer, I'd rather you not say a damn word than to lie to me."

I search his eyes. For what I don't know. All I find is sincerity. "All right then. No more lies."

"Good," he says, exhaling, his breath ruffling the hair at my temples that has escaped my up-do. "That's a start. Now if I can just make some progress elsewhere." He rolls his eyes and sighs in exaggerated frustration.

"Like where?" I ask, trying not to smile. For some reason, he just makes me feel light. And happy. And carefree. Only I'm not. I'm about as not carefree as they come.

"Like you trusting me. Like you opening up a little."

"I told you-"

"I know, I know, but I think you're caving. Bit by bit."

"You do? And why is that?"

"Well, let's see. You're here at my house without a gun to your head."

This time I do smile. "As far as I can recall, I've never been to your house with a gun to my head either."

"See? Caving. That's progress," he says, taking a step even closer. His hand moves down to my left shoulder, which is bared by the stretched neck of the shirt I'm wearing. He slips a finger just inside and follows the wrecked hem around to my chest. I catch and hold my breath. I know I should back away. In fact, I shouldn't even still be here. But I can't go. Not just yet. "Also, I can tell by what you're wearing that you're getting soft toward me."

"By my clothes? Why?"

"Yep. You're finally wearing something that doesn't belong in a New York City boardroom. Or a club. And I sooo like it."

His eyes flicker down to where his finger still hangs just inside my neckline, the warm digit like a brand against my skin.

"You don't like the way I dress?" I ask, hating that my voice is so obviously breathless.

"You're gorgeous in anything you put on, but I have my favorites."

His eyes glow, like they're backlit with fire. And I can feel the heat. Oh god, can I feel the heat! "And what are your favorites?"

I shouldn't ask. I know I shouldn't ask. I'm playing with that very same fire. But the only burn I'm worried about at the moment is the one that comes from my body as it strains toward Sig's.

"Cut off shorts that show every inch of those long, long legs. The ones that fit your ass almost as good as my hands would." Sig's slips his arm around my waist, his fingers splaying right at the top of my butt where my shirt meets my jeans. I feel his hand move briefly, shuffling material until there's nothing but the searing heat of his palm against the naked skin of my back. "But even that's not my very favorite."

His face is drawing closer. Not like he's moving toward me, but like the universe is bringing us slowly, inexorably together.

"Then what is?" I ask, his mouth so close to mine I can feel the warmth of his lips against my own.

"Your costume from the balcony of that club the other night."

In my thrall, I'm a little bit confused. I frown slightly, admitting, "But I wasn't wearing a costume."

"I know," he admits hoarsely.

And then he's kissing me.

His lips take mine in a slow, deep assault that hits me like a drug, like he's injected me with a mind-altering substance that turns off everything except Sig. His presence, his closeness, his touch. Nothing else exists. And I'm not very anxious for the moment that it will.

One hand cups my neck, long fingers sliding into my hair. I feel them working, moving, but I don't notice what he's doing until my hair falls down around my shoulders. He leans back to look at me, his eyes raking through my blonde locks in a way that matches his fingers. "God, you're amazing like this. This is the real you, isn't it?" asks Sig.

I nod. Because I told him I wouldn't lie. If I'm going to answer him at all, I'll tell him the truth. As much as I can anyway.

"This is who I see when I look at you, no matter what kind of get-up you're wearing for Tonin. I see this. I see you."

His hands, his words, his eyes... I can't think. I've forgotten my purpose, my resolve and I can't seem to find it. Not through the haze that he's dragging me into. Inside it, I can only see him. Hear him. Feel him. Like I'm trapped in a vacuum that contains only Sig.

"And I can't get enough of it," he confesses roughly, crushing my mouth with his as he crushes my body against him.

Sig lifts me off my feet and I wind my arms around his neck to hang on. I feel weightless, drifting through the air with his arms as my only anchor, until he lays me down on something. And then I feel only him. His weight, his heat, his touch.

I'm drinking in the exotic taste of his tongue when cool air hits my skin. He pulls away for a heartbeat and then cool is replaced with fire. The hot flames of his skin kiss mine as he settles on top of me, belly to belly.

With his palms roaming my sides, teasing the edges of my breasts, his knee slips between mine, easing my legs apart. Without thinking, I open for him, groaning into the moist cavern of his mouth when his erection makes contact with the ache of my sex.

I lift my hips toward him and he grinds his into them, rotating and shifting against me, causing a delicious friction right where I need it most. His mouth moves away from mine and travels down the column of my throat to the throbbing tip of one breast. He hovers over it, breathing heavily onto the sensitive tissue, as if to torture me for a few seconds more before he gives me what I want.

But then he does. He closes his hot mouth over one nipple and sucks. Hard. I nearly come up off the bed, digging my fingers into his hair, fisting and pulling until he bites down lightly with his teeth in response.

"That's it, baby," he groans around my flesh. "Gimme the wildcat."

His hands, his fingers-at my breasts, on my stomach, squeezing my butt, scraping down my legs. His lips, his tongue-worshipping my nipples, teasing my navel, searing the crease of my thigh. His touch is everywhere. He is everywhere.

One minute I was dressed, the next, there's nothing between us except heat and want. He took away my thoughts, my intentions and replaced them with the intoxication of his desire. I'm drunk on it, high on him.

I tremble at the tickle of his hair on my belly. I shiver at the scratch of his scruff on my inner thigh. I gasp at fire of his mouth at my folds.

He doesn't ask permission. I don't deny him what he doesn't ask. He simply takes what he wants. And I simply give it.

The first warm, wet scrape of his tongue over my clit bends me forward, folding me in half with an agonizing pleasure. "Oh god, Sig!"

"Talk to me, Tommi," he says, his lips moving sensually against me. "Tell me what you like."

He doesn't stop to wait for me to comply; he continues his assault like he's gaining the front lines of an enemy force, a force he means to obliterate with fire. Hot, blazing flames that lick over every inch of my skin.

"Do you like lips?" he asks, kissing me, devouring me with his lips, opening and closing, opening and closing. "Or do you like tongue?" Like the flicker of a snake, he teases my sensitive nub, causing me to shudder, before he sweeps his tongue sweetly back and forth over the area, as if in apology. I'm writhing beneath him, my head tossing back and forth, gasping, breathless, unable to answer. I can only feel. Just like he wants me to. "Or do you like teeth?" Gently, he rasps his teeth over my clit and then nibbles it, sucking it into his mouth. Pulling, tugging, rhythmically biting. "Tell me," he whispers, his voice a dark delight as velvety as his tongue.

"Please, Sig," is all I can manage. I don't know what I want. I just know that I want him. All of him.

I nearly cry out when his mouth leaves me, replaced by a single, exploratory digit. He kisses his way quickly up my stomach, pausing only briefly at my breast as his finger massages me. When his lips find mine, he teases them, brushing them lightly and then skimming them with the tip of his tongue.

"Or do you want more? Something thick and deep? Something that you'll feel when you walk tomorrow, like I'm still inside you?"

I feel something broad and smooth replace his finger. Leaning back, Sig looks down between us, drawing my eye, too. He's rubbing the enormous head of his shaft between my folds, round and round and then down toward my opening. He pulls back, grazing his thumb over the glistening tip. "That's all you, baby. So wet for me. So ready for my cock."

When he touches me again with it, I let my head fall back, my hips moving against him as his eyes click back up to mine. They're full of passion, raw and wild. "I wish I could come right here, right on top of this sweet lil pussy. Make it mine. Cover it until you're slick with me. Just me."

My breath is coming faster. The picture that he draws for me, the images that his words produce, rocket through my body like a physical touch. I gasp for air, both fighting and welcoming the tension that's building from his touch, spreading from his slippery erection. It's like a wildfire, scorching everything in its path, even thought and reason.

"Would you like that?" he asks, dipping his tongue into my mouth, dragging the flavor of my own essence with it. He presses just the tip of himself into my opening, quickly withdrawing, tormenting me mercilessly. My body clutches at him, begging him to satisfy my need.

I squeeze my eyes shut, searching desperately for some kind of control where none can be found. Sig brings me to the brink, balancing me there without allowing me to go over. Teasing me. Tantalizing me. Driving me mad with want.

A knock on the door brings an abrupt halt to his play. Sig stiffens on top of me, going perfectly still, perfectly quiet. Our eyes meet, panic in mine, aggravation in his. I only feel more alarm that he doesn't take this seriously, that he doesn't take Lance seriously. It's almost as though he doesn't fear him at all, which is ludicrous.

My heart is pounding, so hard my vision is throbbing with the pulse of it. Sig places a finger over my lips and shakes his head once. He doesn't have to worry about me keeping quiet. My vocal cords are frozen.

He eases off me, grabbing my clothes from the floor-I'm not even sure how they got there-and handing them to me, as though he hasn't a care in the world. He bends to kiss my stomach, my breast and my lips before he moves to slide his jeans on over his lean hips.

As he zips up, he runs a hand through his hair and grins down at me. I'm balking, of course. And terrified, but I'm not so terrified that I fail to notice the masculine perfection that is Sig. He's magnificent.

His shoulders are a mile wide, his chest lightly dusted with hair. His long arms are exquisitely shaped, like Michelangelo lovingly carved each one muscle out of flawless granite. His stomach is a stair step of strength, his hips trim and narrow. And his legs...God help me, they're thick and powerful and I can still see his massive erection straining against his zipper.

"If you don't stop looking at me like that, I might hurt whoever's at the door."

His voice is soft and amused, meanwhile my panic returns full force.

I sit up, scrambling for some amount of calm to aid me in digesting this horrific situation.

"What if it's Lance? Or Barber?" I ask, standing on the bed and pulling on my panties and jeans. Sig watches me, in no hurry to move, his dark eyes sizzling with desire, burning me everywhere they touch. "Stop that! We have to think," I snap.

He has the audacity to grin. "Don't get so excited. If it's any of them, I'll just say that I walked to your house to check on you and you insisted that I drive your car back. That sounds like something you'd do."

My chest is heaving as I mull over his train of thought. Then I realize that he's right. This doesn't have to be a disaster.

"Okay. That sounds good. Do that."

He laughs quietly and reaches forward to pull me into his arms, kissing me nearly senseless. I'm more than a little dazed when he lets me go. "Maybe I will."

I watch him leave, taking in his confident posture and delicious butt. I have to shake my head to clear it before I finish dressing, concentrating on my hands not shaking any worse.

I hear low voices, but none that I recognize. I creep to the window and stick just the tip of one finger in the edge of the miniblind and pull it away from the glass only enough for me to get a quick peek. A guy I've never seen before is standing on the walk talking to a shirtless Sig. Only when I see the stranger smile do I relax and take a seat on the bed to wait for Sig to come back.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO- SIG

Although Finch's timing leaves much to be desired, it actually works out well so that we can talk outside.

"How's it going?" he asks.

"Fine as hell until you showed up."

Finch grins, his rusty-red eyebrows shooting up as he cups his hands over his mouth to light a cigarette. He takes a couple of puffs before commenting. "I sure as shit hope you know what you're doing."

"I've got this. Don't worry about my end. How's it going with you?"

He shrugs, turning to stand shoulder to shoulder with me as he casually surveys the street, picking out a stray piece of tobacco from his mouth and flicking it to the ground. "I hope something pans out. I'm not making much headway. Tonin's got his trusted guys and the rest of us just don't get told shit. Just the basics."

"What about that warehouse?"

Finch shakes his shaved head. "Tellin' us he's converting it into a few studio apartments. Total bullshit, but...whatever. Keeping an eye on it anyway."

"I'll get something from my end. Don't worry."

Finch's eyes flicker down my bare chest and back up. "Looks like you're working your...angle pretty damn hard."

I can't stop my big grin. Before Finch showed up, I was very, very happy with how things were progressing on my end.

"Nothing stands between a Locke and his job."

"His blow job, you mean?"

I fake punch Finch in the gut. He reacts by shrinking his abdomen away. "Oh-ho-ho! Getting slow, old man."

"You wish, puppy." He flips his half-smoked cigarette into the grass and exhales a cloud of smoke away from me. "Don't forget to check your messages, man. They copied me on the files you requested. Some pretty interesting stuff in there. Turns out your sweet 'contact' has a not-so-sweet rap sheet."

I frown. "I already checked her rap sheet. It's clean."

Finch's eyes narrow on me. "Maybe hers is, but the sealed one's not."

"Hmmm," is my only response.

"Be safe, man," Finch says, holding up his fist. I bump it with my own. "I gotta roll. Big party tonight. Criminal ballroom blitz."

"I'll keep doing what I'm doing," I say.

Finch nods and throws back over his shoulder, "Hey, seriously man, check your email before you go playing in that pond too much." With that, he climbs in his car and drives away.

What did he see in that damn file?

I head back inside, closing and locking the door behind me. I'm anxious as hell to get back to my play date. I know, however, when I find Tommi perched nervously on the end of the bed, fully dressed and picking at her fingernails, that playtime is officially over.

I don't even give her a chance to freak out over what almost happened. I walk right to her and scoop her up, plunking her back down on my lap. "It's sunny and hot as Hades outside. Why don't we go by your house and let you change into some shorts then we go get Travis? I have the perfect idea for how to spend the afternoon."

"I probably shouldn't," she says, dodging my eyes, stiff as a board in my arms. "I told Lance I wasn't feeling well. If he finds out..."

"How the hell would he manage that? I'd know if we were followed. Or did you forget that I'm his eyes on you?"

"No, but..."

"No buts. It's either that or I hold you down until you're feeling like you were five minutes ago and I take advantage of that."

Her big, green eyes snap up to mine. There's panic in them. Dammit. "That can't happen. That shouldn't have happened. Sig, when I came home today, I was going to try to figure out a way to get you out of my life."

"What? Why?"

"Because you complicate things. You complicate things that are already incredibly complicated."

"Then let me help you uncomplicate them."

She pushes against my chest to get up. I let her go easily.

"I don't need help. I already know what to do."

"And what's that?"

"Stay away from you."

"Don't say that," I say, rising to my feet and reaching for her hands. "If you try to tell me that we're anything less than spectacular together, I'll know you're a damn liar."

She sighs. "I told you I wouldn't lie and I won't. But this," she says, taking one of her hands from mine to wave it between us, "us-we are the problem."

"This can only be a problem if we let it. And we won't. We'll be careful."

"It's not just that. It's everything. I think about you too much. I'd rather be with you than with Lance. You make me dread spending time with him and that's not good. I can't live like that."

I can't help smiling. "I don't see how that's a bad thing at all. Because I really want to spend more time with you."

She growls, frustrated. "I knew you wouldn't understand. This is all fun for you, but it's not fun for me. It's torture. It's just making me miserable. And I can't afford to be miserable. I can't afford to screw this up."

I stare down into her frantically beautiful face, reaching up to cup her flushed cheeks. "Why can't you? What does he give you, what does he do for you that I can't?"

She closes her eyes, shutting me out. "I told you I wouldn't lie, but there are some things I can't tell you."

"Tommi, I've told you that you can trust me. When are you going to believe me?"

"And I've told you that I don't trust anyone."

"Not even Lance?"

"Especially not Lance."

"Then why, Tommi? Why be with him?"

"I wish I could tell you." Her expression is remorseful and I believe her. "I really do. But I can't."

"Then I'll wait. Until you can."

"That just won't work, Sig. Not for me."

"Well, staying away from you won't work for me, so I say we compromise." She starts to speak, but I cover her mouth with my hand. "Let me finish. My job is to keep eyes on you. I don't want to lose my job. You don't want to have someone you can't trust take over for me, right? That would make it even harder on you. No matter what, we are both in the perfect situation, so why ruin it? This is what I say we do: I'll keep my eyes on you, but my hands off. You let me spend time with you, under the guise of doing my job, and we'll all be happy. I won't make it any harder on you until you're ready to trust me. Deal?"

"But it's not that you try to make it harder on me. Just being with you makes it harder."

I slide my hands around her waist and kiss her forehead then give her my most charming smile. "I can't be held responsible for my irresistibleness. That can't be helped. What I can do is teach you some deep breathing exercises that might make you less susceptible to my awesomeness." I see her lips twitch. "Please don't do something rash that we'll both regret. Let's just try to make this work. I'd hate for you to miss out on spending time with me."

"God forbid! How would I survive?"

"I'm not sure. Lesser women have died from withdrawal symptoms. It's not a nice way to go. Very lonely. Very...dry," I explain with a wink.

She gives me the stink eye for that last bit. "You can't say things like that, Sig!"

"I can't even flirt? Dammit, you're a hard woman. All I can say is that I'll try not to be so charming, but I make no promises."

"I'll try to be strong, too," she determines sarcastically.

I bend my head to nip the skin of her smooth throat. Before she can think to resist, she tilts her head and gives me better access to her neck, which, of course, I take.

"Mmmm. Can we maybe start this new deal in an hour?"

"Is that all it would take? An hour? How disappointing," she murmurs playfully.

I jerk my head up. "See now, you keep saying shit like that and the gloves are comin' off. And so are the panties."

She holds up her hands in surrender. "I didn't realize insulting your manhood would result in the loss of clothing. I retract my previous comments."

"Damn straight. Because I'd just feel the need to show you just how not disappointing I can be."

"Oh, I think I can figure that out on my own, but thanks."

I sigh, kissing her briefly, before she can pull away. "Now, since my cock is not yet in full agreement of this new situation," I confess, rolling my hips against hers so she can feel my re-emerging hard-on, "how about we get you changed, pick up Travis and do something fun?"

She takes a deep breath. "If you insist."

"Oh, I insist."

Her face is more relaxed now. She still looks troubled, but not like she's about to bolt. I consider that progress.

Crisis averted.

"Uh, since I've got my car, why don't you just give me about ten minutes and come pick me up?"

I pause, but only for a second. I'm sure this might have something to do with the woman in the back room. I shrug nonchalantly. "Sure."

We stand staring at each other for a few seconds before she clears her throat and makes a move to pass me. I let her by, giving her a wide berth. If this is the way she wants to go about it, I'll give her what she wants. Until she begs me to give her more. And she will. It's just a matter of time.

Already, I can see her eyes flickering to my mouth. She wants me to kiss her. She's remembering what it felt like to be in my arms a few minutes ago, my body pressing hers down into the mattress. Her mind is telling her it has to be this way, but every other part of her disagrees. I'll just have to make sure to play to those parts specifically.

I give her a crooked smile and walk her to the door. "See you in a few."

I lean against the jamb and watch the way her jeans cup her ass as she walks to the curb. Damn she's hot. Practically perfect in every way. Except for her ties to criminals. And her penchant for telling fibs. Luckily, she isn't herself a criminal. That could be a problem. But this I can work with.

Almost hesitantly, like she knows she shouldn't look back, she glances over her shoulder at me. I hold her eyes and then wink, loving the way she turns hurriedly away. It sucks to try to fight your own body, your own desires. That's why, whenever possible, I try not to fight it. It's usually a pointless battle.

"Dress to get dirty," I call to her just before she ducks into her car. She nods and closes the door.

I wait until she's pulling away from the curb before going back inside to change my own clothes. I choose an old blue tank top with some shorts and shitty tennis shoes, plopping a hat on my head at the last minute.

Fifteen minutes later when I pull up in Tommi's driveway, I'm forced to rethink who's actually going to be torturing whom in this plan. She's wearing cut-off shorts again, similar to the ones she was wearing that first day, only these are shorter and have a whole at the bottom of her right ass cheek. Holy shit! Covering her upper half is a belly-baring blue and purple button-up shirt with the tails tied above her navel. The thick waves of her hair are in a ponytail that sits high on her head and swings when she walks.

This might be a bad idea, I think for a second, shifting in my seat to let my semi hard dick get some room to breathe. Not good.

I get out and open the door for Tommi, fully enjoying the way the muscles in her legs shift as she climbs into the cab of my truck. I resist the urge to palm her ass and give her a boost.

When she sits down, her lips are twisted in a little smirk. She knows precisely the effect she has on me. And she's enjoying the shit out of it.

"You're a damn vixen," I accuse.

She gives me her most innocent expression. "What? You said to dress to get dirty. Is there something wrong with what I'm wearing?"

"Depends on what kind of dirty you thought I was talking about."

"You promised to be good," she says, wagging a finger at me. "It shouldn't matter what I wear. Hands off."

"I didn't actually promise about that, but I always keep my word, so you're safe. And for today, it'll be hard to keep my hands completely off just because of what we'll be doing. But don't worry. I won't put my hands on you in any way that could be misconstrued as sexual. How about that?"

She narrows her eyes on me suspiciously for a few seconds before begrudgingly agreeing. "Okay, but you'd better behave."

"Oh, I'll behave. You're the one I'm worried about."

I slam the door before she can comment. She's still wearing an indignant expression when I get in behind the wheel. "What's that supposed to mean?"

"You act like it'll be easy as pie for you to keep your hands off me. I'm thinking it's gonna be pure hell for both of us. I mean, have you met me? I'm pretty damn irresistible."

I give her my biggest, cheesiest smile and start the engine, cutting off any reply she might've made.

We're both quiet on the way to get Travis. Just the sound of the radio playing softly between us. Damn, I enjoy the hell out of this woman.

When we arrive at the school, Travis hasn't appeared yet. I shift into park just as he hits the double doors, head down as always, and starts down the steps. I see his head jerk up and he turns. A guy comes out after him. He's carrying what looks like Travis's backpack. He walks to the step above Travis and hands him his bag. He says something to him that looks to be in confidence. His lips barely move and his face is devoid of expression. Travis nods and the guy claps his shoulder congenially a couple of times and then turns back to the school.

"Who's that?" I ask Tommi, still watching Travis. His posture is stiff. Stiffer than usual. I can't see his face since his head is down again, hat pulled low, hood up.

"That's Travis's special needs teacher, Mr. Chaps. His home room and his last period of the day."

As Travis approaches the curb, I yell from the window. "Over here, Travis."

He raises his head only enough to spot me and then drops it again as he makes his way toward us. "Is he always like this?"

"For the most part. Some days are worse than others."

Tommi gets out and opens the door for Travis. He hops in without a word, throwing his bag onto the seat beside him and slumping down until his chin nearly rests on his chest.

"How was your day?"

"Shitty."

"Must've been. You never forget your backpack. You never let that thing out of your sight."

Travis grunts. I glance at the backpack in question, noting the blue zippers.

"Is that even yours, Travis? I thought the zippers on your back pack were green."

"What the hell do you know, joker? It's mine. Do you think I'm too stupid to recognize my own shit?"

I raise my hands and turn back around. "No offense, man. Just trying to help."

Travis looks sulkily out the window and I shift into drive as soon as Tommi is buckled in.

After we are away from the school, I try again. "Thought we'd go to a place I found a couple of weeks ago and play a game. You up for it?"

"I just wanna go home."

"Come on, Travis. It'll be fun," Tommi adds enthusiastically.

"I said I just wanna go home. Damn!"

"Language," Tommi chastises gently.

"It's fine, Tommi. I doubt he's in the mood to have his ass handed to him anyway."

If he's got a shred of teenage testosterone flowing through those veins, that'll get him quicker than two hours of pleading and cajoling.

"What?" he snaps, his hateful eyes meeting mine in the mirror.

"I've got a football and a muddy field lined up as an excuse for me to whip your ass. But if you're not man enough to handle it..."

"I'm stronger than you think, dickhole."

"Oh yeah? Care to prove it on the field?"

"Fine," he says begrudgingly.

In my peripheral vision, I see Tommi turn to face forward, her chest rising and falling with a silent sigh. Probably of relief. "You can just wear your gym clothes, okay?"

Travis shrugs.

As I'm taking them to a place that my brothers and I used to go to play touch football as kids, my eyes fall on Travis's backpack again. I'm absolutely sure the zippers were green this morning. I watched him play with one of them. But a few days ago, I saw them as blue. Plus, why get so defensive? And why doesn't he let it out of his sight, like Tommi says?

My gut instincts, my internal antennae twitch with suspicion. What if the teacher is involved? What if Travis is involved? That might explain why Tommi stays with Tonin. And that would explain why it's so hard to find out how Tonin moves a bulk that we can't find. Maybe he's not holding it.

My mind puts possible pieces of a plausible puzzle together. Plausible yes, but plausible doesn't matter if it can't be proven.

As soon as we arrive at the field, I cut the engine and turn to Tommi. "The ball's in the back. I'm gonna text Barber real quick. Let him know you're sleeping so he can pass that along to Tonin."

She nods and gets out, letting Travis out before closing the door and heading around to the back of the truck. I eye the backpack again, wondering if there's anything in it besides books and shit right now. Not that it matters. I can't look without getting busted, but what I can do is text in to the department for a background check and maybe a tail on the teacher. So that's exactly what I do.

********

Tommi and Travis wait by the front of the truck until I get out. I snatch the ball from her hands and nod to Travis. "You can change in the truck if you wanna." I look to Tommi. "You did say he has gym clothes, right?"

She nods and Travis turns back to the truck, totally unenthusiastic.

"This'll be good for him," I tell Tommi, tossing the ball in the air with a spin and catching it again.

"How is this even going to work? With three of us?"

"You two against me."

"That's hardly fair."

"You're a girl. And he's a kid."

"And?"

"And I'm me."

"Oh god!" she says with a roll of her eyes.

I laugh, doing my best to keep the mood light. "Admit it, you just want an excuse to tackle me."

"I most certainly do not."

"Well, damn. 'Cause that's half the reason I'm doing this."

"Sorry to disappoint."

I smile down into her eyes, wishing I could kiss her right here, right now, and then carry her over into the mud and strip her clothes off. Pound her down into the wet dirt. Streak her body with my fingerprints. Mark her in a way that I can see. Shit!

Of course, her brother's here. That's a downer.

When he mopes back to us, dressed in shorts that hang past his knees and a shirt nearly that long, I throw the ball at his stomach. He fumbles to catch it.

"Not off to a very good start, but I'm willing to give you a chance," I tease. "So, who's played touch football?" Both of them just stare. "This ought to be interesting."

I go over the basics, explaining how it will work and we head to the field. The drainage here sucks and the rain from last week left this place just the right amount of nasty. The grass is gone from years of kids playing here and the top inch or so of dirt is wet and soggy. Perfect surface for a game of mud touch football.

We face off on the field and Tommi takes off running around one side of me while Travis backs up to try and throw her the ball. I race toward him, giving his stomach a slap as I pass. "You're sacked, quarterback," I tell him.

"This game is stupid. And why the hell are we playing in mud?"

I reach down and grab a fistful of the gunk, smearing it on his face. "Is that answer enough?"

"What the hell did you do that for?" He wipes at his face.

"You'll see soon enough, grouchy."

A kid that doesn't like to get dirty? I didn't think such a creature existed. What the hell?

They run the exact same play the next two times. Tommi misses the catch both times. "My turn," I yell.

I take the ball from Travis and walk back to my side, bending down and eyeing my two opponents. "Think either one of you can catch me?" I ask.

Tommi and Travis look at each other and I take off running around Travis, scoring easily.

"No fair!" cries Tommi.

"How was that not fair? It's two against one."

"But I didn't know exactly what I was doing. Give me that ball."

I toss it to her. "Take it. It's your turn anyway. Seven-zero."

Travis takes the ball again and he whispers something to Tommi before they get into position. They're both grinning, the same devilish look in their identical green eyes. Maybe they're finally getting into the spirit of the game.

Suddenly, Tommi takes off around me and Travis falls back to throw to her again. But then, before I can turn around, Tommi is jumping on my back, screaming, "Run, Travis! Run!"

Travis takes off flying and I run after him, Tommi clinging to my back like a damn monkey. I could dive after him and take him down by the legs, but I'm afraid I'll hurt Tommi, so I let him go.

He scores, throwing the ball between his legs like some of the pros do. At least he's seen a football game before.

"That was dirty," I tell him as he gloats by me, throwing the ball into my stomach this time.

"I thought that was the point," Tommi says from my back. I turn my head to look at her, her mouth level with mine. Her lips part, like she knows what I'm thinking, and somehow I resist kissing her. Instead, I sink my teeth into her chin.

"Oh, it's on, little lady. It. Is. On."

I reach around and pull her off my back, dumping her gently in the mud. Her mouth makes an O and her eyes get all round, which forces me to bend and get a handful of mud to smear on her leg.

I walk off to take my position on the field again, whistling over the sound of her indignant sputtering. Travis is still smiling as he crouches down in front of me.

When I do my solo version of snapping the ball, I fake left, fake right and then run back left, zipping around Tommi who reaches out for me and misses. Travis isn't going down so easily, though. He shoots up at me from my right and launches himself at me. I could stay upright, but I don't. Instead, I go down, both of us skittering through the mud. I come to a stop with Travis pinned beneath my back, wheezing for air.

"Take that, bitch," he says, pushing at me.

"Who you callin' bitch, lil man?" I ask, putting more of my weight on Travis and pushing. We both scoot through the mud, most of it getting on Travis.

"Get off me, you goon."

Tommi walks up, smiling down at us, shaking her head. "You two are gonna be filthy."

I lean up and glance back at Travis, who gives me a shit-eatin' grin. We both nod in silent agreement and I stand, offering him a hand to get up.

I get the ball two more times, giving Tommi and her brother every opportunity to jump on, run after, try to trip and fly at me as I half-heartedly make my way toward the makeshift goal line. I score on my last drive, dragging Tommi (holding onto my arm) and Travis (wrapped around my leg) into the endzone with me.

"You can't stop this," I tell them when I fling the ball up into the air and catch it again.

"Hey, you haven't won yet," Tommi says with determination. She puts her arm around Travis's shoulder and they walk off, her whispering in his ear all the way back to the line of scrimmage.

They run the same play again-Travis throwing, Tommi receiving. This time when Tommi takes off, I start off slowly after her. Travis gets the ball to her with a fairly decent, not entirely disappointing arm and Tommi clumsily catches it, squealing in glee.

"I caught it! I caught it!"

Travis is yelling from behind as he runs forward to stop me, "Run, dumb ass! Don't just stand there."

Shock registers on Tommi's face and she turns to take off. Catching her easily, I sweep her up into my arms and throw her onto the ground. Nothing that will hurt her, just enough force to make her feel well and truly caught.

I fall down on top of her, my body resting between her legs, and I take the ball from where it's gripped tight in her arms. I tap her on the end of the nose with the laces. "Still didn't score, sweetheart."

Her chest is heaving beneath me and her eyes sparkle like dark emeralds at midnight, glimmering with a passion she's having trouble containing. I know because I'm struggling, too. I stare down into her face, desire zinging between us like exhilarating bolts of lightning.

I flex my hips ever so slightly and am gratified when I hear her soft gasp. I lick my lips, ready to give in and kiss her, when I feel a heavy thump on my back.

"Oh, so that's how it's gonna be?" I say, speaking to Travis, but winking at Tommi, who is still staring at me with her lips parted. "Unnecessary roughness!"

I roll onto my back, trapping Travis beneath me until I can wiggle around to get my hands on him. When I do, I flip him onto his stomach, putting his face right in the mud. "You asshole!" His squeal is muffled, but there's laughter in his voice.

"How do you like that, tough guy?"

He struggles and I let him squirm out of my grasp. I turn to grab Tommi quickly, before she can get away. I take her in my arms and tickle her mercilessly. When her gasps are almost pained they're so breathless, I finally let her slide off my lap. But I'm not done. I take two handfuls of mud and throw one on her stomach and one at the watchful Travis, who's standing off to the side watching us. He deflects and bends for his own ammunition as I scrape up more goop.

Touch football quickly turns into nothing more than a mud fight, full of lots of cheap shots and laughing. At one point, I just sit back and watch Travis and Tommi smear each other with thick globs of the stuff, aiming for each other's mouth and hair and ears.

When there are literally no clean surfaces visible on their faces and arms, they turn to me, panting and exhausted. "Now what?"

"I think you've both had enough, but I'll leave it up to you. More football or hot shower?"

Travis and Tommi look at each other and grin. "Hot shower," they say simultaneously.

Tommi eyes her brother, shaking her head. "You're filthy! You should probably change back into your other clothes so that at least we won't get the back seat dirty," Tommi tells him. When he starts off, nodding in acknowledgement, she calls after him, "And take those shoes off before you get in."

Her lips are still curved when she turns her attention back to me. Something about the moment hits me like a punch to the gut. I think for a second that I could stand here and stare at her, just enjoy her smile and her happiness for hours. Days, maybe. But I can't. We can't. So, instead, I brush a clump of mud from the end of her nose. "Have fun?"

"I did. Thank you. This was so good for him."

"And you."

"And me," she concedes.

"You can be the real you around me anytime. I won't tell a soul."

"So you prefer this?"

"Oh, hell yeah! I don't need glamorous. Or proper."

"I'm not proper."

"You forget that I heard your...expressiveness that day on the side of the road. And it didn't consist of 'darn' or 'golly gee'. But I haven't heard anything like that come out of your mouth since then."

"Ladies aren't supposed to talk that way, according to Lance."

"I don't want a lady. I want a woman. One who knows her own mind. One who wears what she's comfortable in, one who says what she's thinking." I take a step closer. I can't help myself. Her scent draws me in. Even covered in mud, she smells like sexy sunshine. "I want the woman who kisses like she's on fire and makes me feel like I'm the only one who can put her out."

"Sig," she begins.

I break in to cut her off. I know her objections. And I know how much I don't want to hear them. "I'm just being honest. I'm not even touching you."

Her eyes are glued to mine, a damn near irresistible gravity pulling us together. "It's not like you can anyway. I mean, we're in public. With my little brother. What could you possibly touch?"

I reach down and smear my hand in mud. With her eyes locked on mine, I reach between us and flatten my palm on her chest, right over her heart. "This. I'd touch this."

Her eyes search mine for a couple of heartbeats, looking for my meaning. I know when she finds it. Clear green crystal melts into liquid. I see it just before she closes her eyes. She squeezes them shut, like it hurts to look at me. Rather than touching her anywhere else, like I want to, or saying anything else, like I want to, I just press my palm flush against her, feeling the steady, rapid beat of her heart.

After nearly a minute, I lower my hand, reaching for hers. "Come on. I've got towels in the truck," I say, tugging her along behind me.

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE- TOMMI

After he drops us off at my house, my eyes follow Sig's truck until it disappears around the corner. I don't want him to go. But he can't stay.

I try to smother my sigh as I turn toward the front door. I let us in and Travis goes immediately for a quick shower and then into his room, where he'll undoubtedly stay until dinner and then, afterward, until morning. I can't decide how much is typical teenager or typical Asperger's and how much is something I should worry about. At the root of the problem is that Travis is hardly typical in any way, so I'm a continuous ball of worrying yet trying not to worry. And probably making a load of mistakes along the way.

"How about pizza for supper?" I call down the hall. "I didn't really plan anything."

I was too busy lying to Lance to plan dinner.

And I had to lie because I can't get Sig out of my head. Or out of my blood. He seems to have stormed the carefully guarded castle of my mind and taken over. And if that's not bad enough, I'm starting to feel things other than just desire for him. And that is trouble that I don't need.

That's what my brain tells me. But my body and my heart have different arguments. Like the fact that I've never really felt this way about someone before. Like the fact that everyone needs some pleasure, some comfort, some...substance to their lives. Things other than obligation and responsibility. Right?

I never really craved the touch of another person before. Every hand that's ever been on my body has been there for a specific reason, not because I've wanted it there. Until Sig.

I never really craved the company of another person before either. At sixteen, my life changed forever and I haven't had time for simple pleasures like laughing or being frivolous or falling in love. Even though I don't really have time now, I'm beginning to feel like I need it. Like I need Sig. Not his help or his protection, just his presence. I like being with him. A lot. And there's a big part of me that says he's worth the risk.

But I can't. I shouldn't. It could go so very, very wrong.

Or it could go right, my other half argues. So very, very right.

And then what? Where do we go from there?

There's nowhere to go. It can never be anything more than just a fling, no matter how much I wish it otherwise. Our paths are too different.

But maybe that's enough-an amazing fling. It would have to be.

A one-time indulgence. Just to get it out of our system. To slake this undeniable hunger. Just one time, one night and no more. All things return to normal after that. Hands off, strictly professional.

But we'd get the one time.

One perfect time.

As I call in the pizza and empty the dishwasher while I wait for it, I give myself over to the back-and-forth of my internal arguments. But in the end, after all is said and done, one side wins. One thought continually flutters to the surface. Just once.

We're both adults. We can handle what will amount to a one-night stand. We've both had them before. I mean, I have. Many years ago, but still... And I'm sure Sig has. I mean, a guy like that...who looks like he does...and flirts like he does... He's probably had several.

I go motionless, standing perfectly still with a plate in my hand, frozen by the thought. Even though the one-night-stand contention was just supposed to have been a case in point for going through with this, the thought of Sig with another woman sends a furious streak of jealousy speeding through me. It's almost painful it's so intense. The intensity of it, however, serves to reinforce the consideration of being with him once. So does another thought.

If it were possible to completely erase all other women from a man's mind in a single night, I'd choose that. The mere suggestion that I might be the only person on his mind brings me comfort and a happy smile. Which is insane because it doesn't work that way. But it doesn't stop me from wishing it did.

Travis and I eat in silence. He seems especially sulky, which surprises me.

"Didn't you have fun today?" I ask.

"Yeah," comes his glum response.

"Then what's wrong?"

Travis pushes his plate across the table at me, almost violently, standing up so fast his chair tips over. "We'll never have a life like that. Normal."

He stalks off, back down the hall to his bedroom, leaving me sitting at the table with my mouth hanging open. After I recover, I follow him.

I knock softly and then crack the door, sticking only my head inside. "Travis, that's what I'm working toward. It just takes time."

He's lying on his bed, his chin on his chest, with his hood pulled low over his eyes. That damn hoodie!

"Even then, we'll never have a life like that."

"Don't be so sure," I tell him, hoping that maybe one day, I can give him what he's missed out on all of his life. "I've got a few tricks up my sleeve."

Travis gives me a withering look. "We don't need tricks. We need a miracle."

On that petulant note, Travis pushes ear buds into his ears and starts scrolling through his phone for music. The end of the conversation, obviously. Which is probably good. I don't know that I could add anything more right now anyway. I can't promise him a miracle. I can't really promise him much of anything, other than I'm trying with all that's in me to make a better life for us. For him. Even for me. There has to be more than this.

After I clean up the kitchen and feed Mom, I'm straightening her room when Travis pops his head in. "So you're staying in tonight?"

"Yep. Just us. Wanna watch a movie or something?"

He frowns like I just asked him if I could have a kidney. "No, I don't. I'm going to Trip's. I'll do my homework there."

"Seriously?" I say, dropping my hands by my side. "What is it with you? Every single time I make plans to stay home for the night with you, you bail. What, are you allergic to me or something?"

"None of your business," he says grouchily.

I bite my tongue. I try not to fuss. Or crowd him. Or treat him like a kid. Or like he's different. Or do any of the other million and one things that I know upset him. Travis needs lots of calm. Lots of predictability. But he also needs social interaction and friends, something he seems only to get with Trip. So I keep my mouth shut and I pray that he doesn't get into trouble or get hurt.

He lingers in the doorway. I don't know if he has something else to say or if he's waiting for me to say something. At any rate, neither of us speaks again and he just wanders off, back to his room to slam the door.

Half an hour later, I'm starting a load of laundry when I hear the front door open and close. I race to the porch before Travis can get all the way down the driveway.

"Don't be too late!" I shout. Without turning around, back pack slung over one shoulder, he raises one hand in acknowledgment and keeps on walking.

Back inside, I go from room to room in our small house, straightening the few things that need straightening. After that, I paint my toenails. Then I put a mud masque on my face, the whole time thinking of Sig and his muddy handprint on my chest. Then I run a hot bath and shave everything from my ankles to my armpits. It's as I'm lying against the cool ceramic that my mind starts to wander again. And it wanders to Sig. To his touch, to his kiss. To what almost happened earlier today.

My body aches. Just at the thought of him.

I close my eyes, effortlessly conjuring Sig's liquid brown eyes, his perfectly sculpted mouth, his big, slightly rough hands. God!

Almost of their own accord, my palms drift over my breasts, pausing to tease the throbbing nipples, just like Sig would do. Like he did. I recall the feel of his mouth there, hot and open. Riling my body into a flurry of want and need. My core responds to my thoughts, sending a gush of heat southward. I move my hands down. Farther and farther. Closer to the place where the ache is strongest, where the emptiness is deepest.

I cup my center as my mind elicits Sig's fingers, his lips, his tongue, delving inside me. Filling yet not totally, satisfying yet not completely. Teasing. Toying. Making me crazy. He knew I needed more, craved more. He was just enjoying the rise, the climb, until he could drive his body into mine and quench this excruciating thirst.

But my touch isn't Sig's. No matter how tightly I close my eyes, no matter how much I concentrate, no matter how much I wish it were his, it's not. It isn't his hands or his mouth. His kiss or his scent. His laugh or his growl. I'm in my bathroom. In my home. Alone, for all intents and purposes. Exactly what I don't want to be right now.

Frustrated, I pull the plug to drain the tub before stepping out and toweling off. Standing in the steamy room, I rub scented lotion over every inch of my hyper sensitive skin, groaning with my want of something more.

I wipe the moisture from the mirror and meet the wide eyes and flushed cheeks of my reflection. I'm startled by what's written all over my face. Desire. Withering resistance. Increasing need.

I won't be able to stop myself from giving in to him. I know it as sure as I'm standing here. He's like an addiction that has crept up on me unawares and taken over. I'm smart enough to realize when I'm fighting a losing battle. I'm also smart enough to realize that if I go about this wisely, we can both put an end to the torture and move on. Just once. One and done. It's the way it has to be.

Enjoy tonight. Move on tomorrow.

But we can have tonight.

Tonight will be for us.

Sig.

And me.

And all that's between us.

Just one night.

I stare at the same face, reflected now with subtle changes. Eyes bright with resolution, lips trembling with anticipation.

Once my mind is made up, I'm nearly frantic. I throw on shorts and a tee shirt-nothing spectacular since I don't plan to be wearing it long-stopping only long enough to scribble Travis a note for when he gets home, telling him not to wait up and to call if he needs me. He'll assume that I'm with Lance.

I don't even bother pulling my hair out of its loose topknot. I simply grab my purse, lock the door and run to the car. I can't get to his house quickly enough.

I'm out of breath when I make it to his door, knocking with all the urgency that I suddenly feel. When Sig finally appears in front of me, only a few short seconds (that felt like lifetimes) later, his expression is wild, like he was expecting something else. Trouble maybe?

His eyes meet mine, and we stand perfectly still and silent. He frowns for a second and then scans my face. His gaze travels over my flushed cheeks, my parted lips, down to my heaving chest. And then, as though he can somehow read my body and its intent, they flick suddenly back up to mine and stop.

For thirty second or so, a million unspoken things pass between us. There is doubt, indecision, a touch of fear. All on my part. In this moment, it's driven home what a huge mistake I could be making.

On his face, one thing. A question. A single query. Can I walk away?

Can I?

With my heart beating an ancient rhythm against my ribs, marking me with a tattoo that I will forever be left with, I bask in the richness of his eyes, the beauty of his face and the acceptance of my choice, whatever it is. It's all here, right in front of me. Someone who wants only me, to please me, to be with me. Nothing else.

That is what I can't walk away from. Not just yet.

Wordlessly, I do my best to answer Sig, to answer his question. By holding steady, by standing still, unwavering in front of him.

Time slows. Body's react. The only thing I can hear is the sound of Sig's accelerated breathing and the rush of blood whirring inside my ears. And then I hear nothing. I see nothing. I'm immediately carried, heart, mind and body, into the tiny bubble of what I feel. For this man, for his touch, for this thing that's between us.

With a strike so fast, it seems out of place in this molasses moment, Sig's hands snap out to cup my face and his lips crash down onto mine. There is no room for second thoughts or questions or gentleness. There is only need. And passion. And a craving that's completely out of control.

I open for him and he dives into a kiss that I feel all the way into my bones. I feel every lick of his tongue like a sweet scrape down my spine, every touch of his fingertips like soothing sandpaper over my soul.

He pulls me inside, flinging the door shut behind us. He wraps his arms around me, lifting me off my feet and carrying me to the bedroom. It's dark and quiet here, the room filled only with the heat that our fevered bodies are generating and the scorching sensation of our want.

Already, I'm as desperate as I was this afternoon. After just one kiss, I want nothing more than for him to fill me up. Make me his.

Leaving my lips only long enough to pull my shirt over my head, Sig strips me quickly and efficiently of my clothes until I'm held snugly in his arms with nothing but air covering me.

With his one hand fiddling with his zipper, Sig lifts me enough to capture one straining nipple between his lips. And he sucks. Deliciously hard, so much so that I throw my head back and thread my fingers into his hair, holding his sweet cruelty close.

Laving my turgid flesh, he manages to free himself. Incoherent with desire, I wrap my legs around him, so needy that I can't think past how to get him inside me. I hear the rustle of a wrapper and then, almost savagely, Sig turns, presses my back to the wall and drives his body up into mine.

My lungs freeze and my head bumps back against the cool plaster. I literally can't breathe for a few seconds. I can only feel. Everywhere, all my nerves are alive with his penetration. He's so big, he's buried so deep that my body struggles to accept him just as my mind struggles to process the pleasure-pain of his presence.

Sig goes perfectly still, only the sound of his heavy breathing in my ear for a few seconds. And then I hear a gruff yet tender, "Did I hurt you?"

He begins to ease back out and I exhale, managing a short, "No. Please."

And that's all I get out. Sliding his tongue into my open mouth, Sig lowers me slightly, dropping me down as he flexes his hips, plunging even farther into me, stealing my breath once more.

I'm teeming with sensation. My lips, my nipples, my legs, my sex. My skin. My core. I feel Sig all over, like the brilliance of lightning, bottled and transferred to my body through his, jumping excitedly from synapse to synapse. With every movement of his cock within me, sensation explodes outward, like a geyser, raining beautiful, white fire into my blood.

Pressing my back harder into the wall, Sig reaches down, around my legs where they join my body, and places his fingertips on either side of my straining entrance, pulling gently and spreading me further. He swivels his hips and then thrusts sharply up, the friction of the movement against my wide-spread lips stimulating every bundle of nerves in my sex. I come apart. In his hands, against the wall, around his shaft. Like a mushroom cloud, I detonate, out into the stars, and then my world quickly shrinks back to the hot, wet place where we are joined. My world becomes so tightly focused on my climax that I can neither think nor speak.

"God, yes!" he growls through gritted teeth as my body clutches his in my first spasm. I bite my lip to keep from screaming his name. I milk him rhythmically, the fullness of him inside me intensifying each wave. His growl dissolves into a groan and he murmurs into my ear, "That's what I want. To feel you coming for me. Just me. Just me."

Like punctuation to each sentence, he strokes me from the inside, slowly, gently, prolonging my ecstasy until my arms fall limply to my sides.

When my limbs begin to regain feeling, shedding the heavy numbness of orgasm, Sig holds me to him and moves me away from the wall. His body is still deeply seated within mine when he kneels on the mattress and tenderly lowers my upper body onto the comforter.

He keeps my legs wrapped around him, my hips off the bed, as he barely flexes into me. My body reacts instantly, shivering around him and eliciting a gasp from my tingling lips.

"Stay with me," he says softly, reaching out with one hand to stroke from the top of my sex to my chin. As he moves his hand back down, he presses into me, one slow, deep thrust, and I moan, a luxuriant noise that sounds like he's making me feel.

"Yes, for a while," I reply, opening my eyes to his.

He's watching me, his eyes black in the low light.

"Until I've had enough of you?"

"Yes, until we've had enough."

He separates from me, his big hands sliding down to cup my butt. He sinks to his knees at the foot of the bed and sweeps his tongue from my entrance to my clit, drawing it sweetly into his mouth for a light suck. "Until we've had enough," he agrees.

With the very tips of his fingers, the kiss of his lips and the softest tickle of his tongue, Sig teases me back to life. The pleasure of my climax shifts and blends to accommodate the rise of something else, something new. He weaves a magical spell over my body, ruthlessly winding me up with a ceaseless onslaught. His pace never quickens, yet never slows; it's steady and maddening and, within minutes, he has my back arching off the bed and my lips begging for more. For deeper. For harder.

"You taste just like I knew you would. Addictive. Sexy. Sinful," he murmurs against me, the unshaven scruff around his mouth a bristly, delicious torture. "I could lick you all night long and never get tired."

Sweep, flick, suck, nibble, he doesn't stop. All the while, one finger slowly penetrates me in long drags that force my hips to rock against him for more. I wriggle and writhe beneath him, ache turning into throb, throb turning into need. A grunt of frustration escapes my throat and Sig chuckles against me, a low, throaty sound that makes me quiver. "Be patient," he whispers, brushing his mouth back and forth over me.

I'm panting, my infuriating impatience on the rise. "I need you inside me," I plead.

"You do?" he asks, a smile in his voice.

"Sig, please!" I'm ready to snap and I know he can hear it in my voice.

"Be patient," he says again.

He increases the pressure of his mouth, but not his finger. Still, it slips in and out, deep and deliberate. I rock against his face, against his hand, but he pulls back, unwilling to let me rush him, rush this. I grit my teeth and my abdomen trembles and jerks.

It hurts so good- the prolonged yet steady build- that a petulant sob swells behind the wall of my ribs. Unable to think of what I might do to ease it, I fist one hand in Sig's short hair and I pull. Harder than I might've intended to, but enough to ease some of my angst.

Suddenly, Sig releases me. Without warning, he leans up and over my body, looping one arm beneath my knee and rolling my hips back toward me. Then, with one slick, thick thrust, he's inside me. My startled yelp melts into a loud cry of satisfaction. He pounds me. That's the best way I can describe it. Harder and harder, deeper and deeper, he plunges his length into me, bringing me back to a pleasure unlike anything I've ever known. I squeeze my eyes shut, aware only of the swirl of colors behind my lids as liquid heat pours through my muscles, turning them to quivering masses of release.

Waves still rolling through me, I manage to open fuzzy eyes and focus on Sig. He's watching me, a fierce expression on his face. It seems he was waiting for me, waiting for me to open my eyes so we could finish this together.

The moment our eyes meet, I feel him tense and I know he's ready to continue his own hunt. Gazes locked, I watch his expression, his intensity. I don't think I could look away from his breathtaking face if I tried. So I don't. I take him in. I revel in what he's feeling, in what I do to him. And what he does to me. What we do to each other.

Sig arches his back and holds his upper body away from mine as he chases his own peak, grinding and swiveling his hips against mine in a way that forces my body to come along for his ride. Surge after surge, I'm slave to the flow of my own pleasure until Sig stiffens, forcing his body deep within mine until he collapses atop me, his sweat-slicked chest pressed tightly to mine.

********

Seconds or minutes or hours later, his harsh breathing having settled into deep inhalations and sighs to release them, Sig lifts his head and looks down at me, his chocolate eyes light and satisfied. More golden even. Like the color of molasses. "I'm glad you came."

"I don't think I could've stayed away."

"I'm glad you didn't try," he admits, grinning down at me.

I feel clouds roll in, like fog settling over a lush, green field of contentment. "Sig, I-"

He lays his index finger over my lips. "We've still got a lot left of this night. Don't ruin it."

"But-"

"No buts. Tonight is for animal sex and happy thoughts. Nothing more. Got it?"

I smile. I can't help myself. "Got it."

With a rough kiss to my lips, Sig pulls out of me and rolls to his side, pulling me half onto his chest. I rest my head over his heart, somehow comforted by the steady thud of it beneath my ear.

Lazily, I draw tiny circles around his little flat man nipple. "Tell me about your family. Are you an only child, or...?"

"God no! Sometimes I used to wish I was, but I'm nowhere near an only child. I've got two brothers and a sister. Assholes, one and all."

I slap his ribs. "Don't say that! They're your family."

"What does that matter? Family can be assholes, too."

"Yes, but you're supposed to overlook it."

"Fine," he says with an exasperated sigh. "They're not all assholes. At least not all the time." I hear the rumble of his chuckle. It vibrates through my jawbone and tickles my lips. "Nah, I guess they're pretty all right. The oldest can be a little overbearing sometimes. Total control freak. But he means well."

"Are you closest to him?"

"No. I'm closest to my little sister. I'd never tell her, of course, but she's pretty kickass. For a girl anyway," he adds emphatically, giving my shoulder a squeeze. I twist his nipple. "Ow! God! That hurt!" he exclaims. Then he leans down to grab a handful of my butt and pinch. "Do it again." I can hear the laugh in his voice.

"You're incorrigible."

"If that's code for a hot, sexual dynamo with a cunning intellect then I couldn't agree more."

I groan and roll my eyes, even though he can't see me. He can't see my smile either. "So the oldest is overbearing, the youngest is the best. What about your parents?"

"My dad's cool. Still around. My mom died when I was seven." There's no levity in his voice now. "She was sick as a kid. Cancer. They thought she'd be fine. Turns out she wasn't. It was tough. Just about killed my dad. He loved her. Too much, maybe."

I lift up my head to find his eyes. "Too much? Is it even possible to love someone too much?"

"I think so. I don't ever want to love someone so much that being apart from them makes me forget that there are other things to be happy about in life."

I lay my head back down. I don't want him to see that my heart breaks a little at his words. "I think I might like nothing more than to love someone in that way. And for them to return it," I say softly, impulsively giving voice to something I've never shared with anyone before.

"Why? Why would you want to love someone so much that you'd be miserable without them?"

"I don't think people set out to lose the ones they love. It's not exactly the norm."

"But why risk getting hurt like that? Why seek that kind of shit out?"

"People risk it because if tragedy doesn't strike...and you get to keep the ones you love...it's worth it."

"Even if it hurts? I mean, they'll die eventually. In the end."

I smile against his chest. "Especially if it hurts."

"That doesn't go there, you know. That only applies when you have to do something you don't want to do, something that'll end up being worth it somehow."

"Of course it goes there. Pain reminds us that we're alive. Reminds us to fight. Without it, we might just drift through life, unaware."

"And what do you fight for?" he asks quietly.

"Travis." I don't even hesitate. He's been my reason for...everything for years.

"Nothing else is worth fighting for?"

"Nothing more than him."

Sig grips my upper arms and drags me fully on top of him until our eyes are level, my face inches from his. "I'll help you fight for him. That's what you're doing, isn't it? Fighting for him? This is all for Travis."

"I told you-" I start to pull away, but Sig won't let me. He pins me to him with his stare as well as with his hands.

"I know what you told me. And I'm telling you again. You can trust me, Tommi." He pulls me down until we are nose to nose, his lips grazing mine as he speaks. "You can trust me."

We stare into each other's eyes, a battle of wills. One every bit as fierce as the other. Me, determined not to give in, not to trust, not to relinquish control. Him determined to make me, to convince me, to sway me. When I would pull away, Sig grabs my face between his big hands and holds me still, trapped in his gaze, as though by keeping me here long enough, he might force me to believe him.

And then his lips are on mine, hard, demanding. Hot. We are at odds. We are destined to clash, to batter, to end. But for the moment, for right now, coming together, meeting in the middle is inevitable. We are inevitable. We are smoke, we are fire, we are heat and desire and unquenchable thirst.

My legs fall on either side of his, knees meeting the mattress, and I dive into his kiss, letting the animal loose, like he said. With fingers we grasp. With teeth we bite. With mouths we devour.

I feel him growing beneath me, his erection pressing into my warmth, and moisture rushes to the place where I straddle him. Without releasing my lips, I feel as much as hear his movement as he reaches into the table beside the bed to get another condom. With quick, efficient movements, he jerks one off and stretches another on, and then he's gripping my hips, holding me still, then pulling me down onto him.

Simultaneously, he flexes his hips, seating himself more fully within me. I cry out in utter ecstasy. It takes a moment before I can relax around him, still unaccustomed to the heady sensation of being stretched to what feels as though it's beyond my limit.

I experience his penetration from groin to groin, from front to back, and all the way into my abdomen. He's buried so deep, I wonder that it's pressure from his tip that stimulates my diaphragm and makes me breathless.

I struggle to breathe, pulling away from him to sit up and force big gulps of air into my stiff lungs. The upright position does nothing to help my breathing, only brings him farther inside me. I let my head fall back, pleasure rolling through me like thunder. As though he knows the kind of thrall I'm in, he squeezes my hips with his hands and grinds my sex against his, the friction too delicious for words.

When I can finally manage the intake of air without conscious effort, I gasp, several long, deep, half-moans that further incite Sig. He sits up as well, his mouth going straight for one nipple, giving it a suck as he reaches between us and unerringly finds my folds. When he takes my clit between his thumb and forefinger and pinches it lightly, rhythmically, thunder turns into lightning. One moment, I'm adjusting to his size and intensity, the next I'm moving up and down on him, falling headlong into another orgasm.

Relentlessly, Sig drives me over the edge and down into oblivion. Ecstasy sweeps through me, dizzying my head, scrambling my thoughts. For a moment, I feel disoriented, wavering atop him like a compass needle that can't find true north. Sig pulls me to him, crushing me against his chest until I find my bearings in reality again.

When I open eyes I wasn't aware of closing, they click to a stop on his lush brown ones. They're inky black and vicious, fierce, like the devil himself is on his heels. He's watching me take my pleasure, watching it overcome me. Waiting, just waiting for the moment when he will give in to his own.

Moving his hands back down to my waist, eyes locked on mine, Sig lies back, teeth gritted, and he plants his feet on the bed, lifting his hips and ramming his cock into me over and over again until I reclaim the release that I thought had subsided.

Finally, he grunts, a protracted growl of sorts that tells me he's close to what he was looking for. I hold on tight, watching him, loving the way his abs contract, so tight under his strain. Before I know what's happening, Sig's arm is around my waist and I'm on my belly with him leaning over me. My legs are swiftly parted and he's plunging into me from behind, bringing on a whole new flood of pleasure, pleasure that never seems to end beneath his skilled hands and body.

Sig's hips slap into mine so forcefully that my teeth jar in my head. But he doesn't hurt me. If anything, the depth, the aggressiveness of his sensual assault sends electric shocks of bliss streaking through me. I wonder that he doesn't tire. Or hurt himself. But he is as powerful in his lovemaking as he is in his body, his cock as strong and sure as the rest of him.

I feel it when he comes. It's as though there is nothing between us. He pulses inside me, his cadence faltering the tiniest bit as he drops forward to rest one hand on the bed beside me, his breathing as labored as mine.

Sig withdraws from me, turning me gently so that both of us fall back onto the pillows, panting like marathon runners. I grin up at him. "When you said animal sex, you meant it, didn't you?"

He laughs, throwing his arm over his eyes as he rolls onto his back again. "What can I say? You bring out my...baser instincts. Protect. Possess. Devour."

His words send chills racing down my back. I say nothing. I don't know what to say.

After a few moments of silence, Sig leans up beside me, resting his weight on one elbow. He stares down into my eyes, his face full of a thousand wonders.

"Did I hurt you?"

"No."

"Scare you?"

"God no!"

"Please you?" he asks, his voice as quiet and coarse as black velvet.

"Yes. Very much so."

When he closes his eyes, his face is wreathed with a grin that is all happy, cocky man.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR SIG

Two hours later, my head buzzes. My fingertips throb. My eyes close. Damn. There's nothing like this feeling-release. I've wanted Tommi since I saw her on the side of the road, but I never really expected...this. Holy shit! Tonight was more than I could've hoped for. Stronger. More potent. More satisfying.

When I can lift my head, I look down at Tommi. Her sleepy eyes are focused on mine. I kiss the tip of her nose. "Can you stay all night?" I ask.

She reaches up with one hand to hesitantly drag her fingertips down my cheek. It's an almost reverent gesture that reminds me what a risk this was for her. What a huge step. What a scary step. Already, I can see the haze of satiation lifting, yielding to the harsh light of decision and the fear of consequence. "I'd love to, but I have to be there when Travis gets up."

"We could be there together, you know. You could invite me for breakfast and we could take Travis to school together. And then come back here for dessert."

"Breakfast doesn't have dessert."

"Au contraire. You've never had breakfast with me."

Her smile is small. Unsure. "I'd better not risk it.

"Risk what? Travis knows me. He likes me. I'm usually there to take him to school when I get you. I'll just be there a little earlier this time."

"It's not just that. I mean...I just think it's not a very good idea."

"Is it because of the woman in the back bedroom?"

Every drop of color drains from Tommi's face. "I don't know what you mean," she says immediately, like her kneejerk reaction is to deny. But then, thinking better of it, she asks, "I mean, how did you know about her?"

"I walked over one night. Saw the light come on as I was coming through the back yard. You were in there taking care of her. Who is she?"

Tommi swallows. Hard. I can almost taste the panic in the air. But why? What's the big deal? What's the secret?

"She's my mother."

"Why do you look like you're about to pass out then? There's nothing wrong with you taking care of your ailing mother. I think it's pretty damn decent of you, actually."

Her smile is flustered, wobbly. "Thanks. I, uh, she, um, she's always liked her privacy. And with Travis... I just try to keep things as calm and quiet and routine as I possibly can."

"I get that," I say, nodding. "And I'm not asking to meet her or anything. I'm just saying that you don't have to hide her from me."

Her wide emerald eyes flicker back and forth between mine until she finally smiles again. A small smile, still, but at least it looks a little less like I just pulled a gun on her. "Thank you. I appreciate that."

"So, what happened to her? Is she sick?"

"She, uh, she had an accident a few years back. She hasn't been the same since. Even if I did introduce you to her, she probably wouldn't even know you were in the room."

I reach for her hand, lying tensely on my chest, and I press my lips to each fingertip before I speak. "I'm sorry for your loss."

"She's not gone yet."

"No, but watching that kind of deterioration is gut-wrenching."

"Is that how your mom died? Slowly?"

"Not that slowly, not like what your mom is going through, but slow enough. It was hard to watch. Hard to wonder every day if it would be the last time I'd get to see her alive."

Tommi stares down at the hand I'm holding. Now, her fingers fiddling with mine, stroking each one from base to tip, methodically, almost mindlessly. "Sometimes I think it's been best for Travis. At least she's still sort of here. I think he gets some amount of comfort from that."

"Do you?" I think of the way she talked to her, like she half expected her to understand or respond.

"Yeah, I guess I do. It's hard to let go," she says in a tiny voice that sounds near cracking.

"That's what love does to you," I say, reiterating my earlier point.

"But still, I wouldn't trade having known her and loved her just because it's hard to lose her. I have to believe that there is good love out there, the selfless kind that gives you a reason to wake up every morning."

"You mean like the kind you have for Travis?"

She sighs, nearly inaudibly. I feel it more than hear it as it blows softly over the skin of my chest. "Yeah, something like that only...different."

"The kind you find."

She jerks her eyes up to mine. "What do you mean?"

I shrug. "I don't know. Loving a family member is not really a choice. At least not for decent people. I think we're sort of born into it, ya know? What it sounds like you're talking about is the kind of love that you find. Or that finds you. The fairy tale kind that rips your heart out and stomps the shit out of it."

Her eyes crinkle at the corners. "Exactly, but minus the stomping part. I want the kind that lasts. The kind that loves you for you, not because of what you can do for it. The kind that sticks around no matter what. That kind."

"I'm sure you'll find it. And I hope it doesn't rip your heart out and stomp on it. I'd hate to see tears running down this beautiful face." I rub my index finger from the corner of her eye to the corner of her mouth. A dimple forms just beneath my fingertip, a wry half-grin.

"I hope so, too." She pulls her eyes away from mine, busying herself with examining one of my knuckles like it holds the key to life. "Can you please not tell anyone that you know about Momma? I just... I don't... It's such a private matter. I don't like Lance's people knowing so much about my life. I like to keep him separate from home. As much as I can. Do you understand?"

Oh, I understand all right. She's telling me more than she knows. Probably more than she intends to.

"I won't say a word," I tell her solemnly, sincerely. "Thank you for sharing it with me. For trusting me."

"Well, it kinda takes the trust out of it when you already knew," she snorts lightly.

"Not really. You could've lied. Made something up. But you didn't."

She looks shyly away as she shrugs one shoulder. "I told you I wouldn't lie to you."

"I'm not sure I believed you."

Her eyes come back to mine. "I can see how that would be the case. Trust goes both ways, I suppose."

"I already trust you, so get on with it! You're holding up progress."

Her smile is big enough to bare teeth this time. "I am? Heaven forbid I hold up progress. The nerve!"

I eye her narrowly. "Are you making fun of me?"

"I wouldn't dare."

Her eyes are twinkling with mischief and I'm pretty sure I've never seen anything cuter or more appealing. Well besides her face when she moans during an orgasm. That look'll be hard as hell to beat.

"Did I tell you what the punishment for making fun of me is?" I ask, moving slowly out from under her.

Folding her arms protectively over her front, she replies, "Noooo, I don't think so."

"Well, let me fill you in on how that works."

The last thing I hear before I smother her mouth with mine is a squeal.

********

I jolt awake when I hear the little ziiip noise of a text being sent. I find Tommi standing near the door, holding her jeans in one hand and her phone in the other.

"What're you doing?" I ask groggily.

"Texting Lance."

A discomfort registers in my chest. A spike of jealousy. Irritated, I push it away. I have nothing to be jealous over. Lance is an obligation, a means to an end that I know nothing of. She's here with me because she wants to be, because she couldn't stay away.

But still, I don't like her talking to Lance. Or texting him. Or thinking about him. I don't like it at all.

"I'd told him that if I couldn't make the party that I'd be there by ten tomorrow unless I wasn't feeling better."

"So what did you tell him?"

"That I'd see him by ten."

Another spike, this one of irritation. Mixed with jealousy. Dammit.

"Why didn't you tell him you still weren't feeling good? We could've spent the day together tomorrow."

"I don't want to make him suspicious."

She's very matter of fact about seeing him tomorrow. I mean, who the hell knows what he might have planned? He could have an orgy on the books. And I'll have to drop her off at it.

She climbs back onto the bed, but not in it, like she's planning on staying. I don't want her to go yet. I feel a bizarre need to keep her here until I'm the only concern she has, until I'm the only one she can think about. Like I'm branding her and blinding her to all others.

My hands streak out like flashes of lightning in the dark. They wrap around her ankles and tug until she's stretched out on the bed beside me, still naked as a jaybird. She screeches her surprise.

"I didn't tell you everything before," I admit.

"You didn't?"

"Nope," I say, pulling her arms out to her sides. "I didn't tell you that there's more." I nuzzle the soft spot under her ear with my nose.

"More? More of what?"

"More of me. More to me. More than just the animal part."

"There is?" she asks, her voice dreamy as she arches her neck.

"Mmmm, much more. Did you know I can be gentle?" I ask, my whisper as much a part of the wind as the touch I place on her cheek. "So gentle." To prove my point, I drag my fingertips across her chin and down her chest, circling each nipple with a caress that's feather light. I feel her shiver in response, her body already attuned to my touch and oh-so-ready to respond. "And I can go slow. So slow."

I bend my head to lap at each tight peak with long, leisurely swipes of my tongue, like a cat washing its fur. "I can worship your body like no one has ever worshipped it before. Every dip," I say, spreading butterfly kisses over the curve of her waist. "Every dent." I swirl my tongue in her navel, causing her to arch her back. I can almost feel the way she'd clench my finger if it were inside her. But all things in due time. And this time, right now, is for slow. "Every hot, wet crevice," I say, nudging her legs apart with the slightest of pressures. I spread the folds of her pussy and put my mouth as close as I can get to her without actually kissing her, close enough that she can feel the heat of my breath and the tickle of my lips. "Can I show you?" I ask, enjoying the way her hips tilt toward me.

Her breathless moan is all the answer I need.

********

My sleep schedule is still jacked from all the different shifts I've been working until recently. I guess I've gotten in the habit of catching a few hours here and there and making do with very little in the way of good sleep. Tonight is no different, only it actually comes in handy this time.

Just before daylight, my eyes flick open. They go first to the still form of the woman next to me. My cock reacts immediately. Hell, I never thought I'd be as horny at the ripe old age of twenty-five as I was during high school, but damn! Tommi's making my dick feel like a kid again.

As easily as I can, I drape my arm over Tommi's waist and pull her back into me, spooning her from behind. The feel of her sweet little ass pressed up tight against my cock does nothing to calm the blood flow southward. I bury my face in the crook of her neck, inhaling the scent that's so uniquely hers. I make a mental note to ask her what kind of perfume she wears.

She stirs, which is fine by me, stretching against me and basically begging my cock to settle in between her cheeks. I reach around and cup her knee with my hand, bringing her leg up and over mine. I slide my fingers up the inside of her thigh until I reach the short-shaved lips that are spread just enough for me to find her wet and ready.

"Oh god!" I groan, rubbing my fingertip in the moisture and then gliding it over her firm clit. "Do you always wake up ready?"

"I don't know," she says huskily, her hand gripping my forearm. "I always wake up alone."

I clench my teeth. I couldn't have asked for a better answer. This is just for me. No memory of anyone else, nothing to look forward to. Just all for me.

"Well, I'd hate for it to go to waste. That would be such a shame."

I massage her nub before I cruise down her slit and push a finger deep inside her. She tightens around me. "You're addictive, did you know that?" she whispers.

"Funny," I tell her as I roll her onto her back. "That's exactly what I was thinking about you."

An hour later, I'm watching Tommi pull off down the street. An hour and a half after that, I'm pulling up in her driveway, anxious as hell to see her again.

As is their habit, Travis comes out first, slinking down the steps with his hood pulled up. Tommi follows, tugging the door shut and then checking the knob. I'm more than a little surprised by what she's wearing. Jeans that are faded in the ass and snug in just the right places cover her long legs, and a sexy little gray zip-up sweater hides tits that I know to be lush and responsive. Her hair is in a messy clump on top of her head. She looks like she just rolled out of my bed. Which she practically did. It makes my whole body groan just looking at her, being reminded. Like I'd forget so soon.

Not likely

She turns toward me, meeting my eyes immediately. Her lips spread into a controlled smile that makes me think she'd smile bigger if she weren't hiding a delicious secret- our night together. I watch her walk all the way to the truck.

"How's it hangin', lil man?" I ask Travis as he climbs into the back seat. He mumbles something I can't understand, but I don't ask him to repeat it. I'm totally focused on the blonde scooting into the passenger seat. "Mornin'."

"Good morning," she says primly, reaching for her seatbelt. "You won't have to take me to Lance's today. He had to go out of town and won't be back until Sunday."

Lance is gone. Until Sunday. Today is Friday. Two full days. And two long, full nights.

After she clicks the belt closed, she meets my eyes again. There's a devilish sparkle in them that makes me want to call a cab for Travis and haul her tasty ass right back to my house. Pronto!

"I wondered why you were dressed like that," Travis says from behind me.

"While the cat's away, the mice will play," I quip, sliding my eyes to Tommi.

Her cheeks are rosy with a blush and her response is so quiet that I'm the only one who can hear. "Yes, they will."

Being the son of a cop and, now, myself a cop, I obey the speed limit. Always have. Today, however, I violate it at least three times that I know of in my hurry to get Travis to school. Tommi's worth a ticket. In fact, she's worth several.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE- TOMMI

I feel like a prisoner who just got released on probation. When I got Lance's call this morning, I knew how I'd spend my brief reprieve. There was no question.

I know it was supposed to be a one-time thing with Sig, but after last night...I knew I'd need more. Now I can have more, but without the risk.

Sig doesn't say a word after Travis closes the door and stomps up the concrete steps to school. He simply shifts into drive and speeds back the way we came, making only two different turns. The two turns that take us to his house rather than mine.

From the moment he closes his front door behind us, we are enveloped in an urgency that belies the fact that we spent hours having sex last night. It's like it never happened. We are as eager to touch and taste and feel as we were the very first time.

Sweaty and boneless, we take a break around lunch when Sig drives me to my house to take care of Momma. I go about everything with a happy tune playing in my mind and the knowledge that Sig is waiting for me in the living room. It's odd that such a small thing would make such a difference, but it does. For the first time since I was sixteen, I feel like everything might just work out okay. Not because I have answers that I didn't have yesterday or because my plan has changed. I think this just serves as a reminder of what I'm fighting for in the broader sense.

Sig takes me back to his house and strips me bare just inside the front door. With an eagerness that doesn't seem to wane, he sheaths himself with a condom, presses me up against the cool wooden panel and entices moan after moan, scream after scream from my body.

When I'm limp in his arms, his body and the door the only things keeping me upright, Sig murmurs in my ear. "Think you've got another one for me before we go pick up Travis?"

Dear lord, this guy isn't an animal; he's a machine.

"As much as I'd love to, I really don't think I can." I feel sure that there is some sort of maximum climax that a human body can achieve in a twenty-four hour period, and I'm pretty sure that we've already met if not exceeded it.

"Never underestimate me," he whispers, peeling my back off the door and carrying me like I'm made of glass. Down the short hall and into the bathroom, Sig deposits me on my feet to stand on the toilet seat lid. "I have other things to show you. Did I mention that?"

"No," I admit, already feeling breathless with anticipation, like I haven't had countless orgasms already.

Sig's smile is devilish, pure and simple. "Then let me tell you a little story."

And he does. Less than an hour later, when I've lost the feeling in my legs from the most mind-numbing orgasm I've ever experienced, I realize that Sig was right. I should never underestimate him.

********

Nothing about the day or the evening is routine. From spending the morning and afternoon locked away in Sig's arms to picking up Travis from school and hearing the suggestion that the three of us should go out to eat and see a movie, everything is different.

I would've nipped it in the bud immediately had Travis not seemed to so enjoy playing football with Sig. I know he needs friends and a man around, but his Asperger's makes it challenging to integrate new things, which normally upset his routine, which, in turn, upsets him. But after seeing the enthusiasm on his face (which is a big step for Travis who hides most every emotion behind the brim of his hat) and him asking with big, soulful eyes, "Can we go?" I thought maybe it's time to stop guarding him so closely. He is growing up after all. And this normalcy is what I want for him more than anything. So I agree, knowing that it's only a huge bonus that I get to spend more time with Sig.

"We can go."

I see Travis tightly controlling a smile when he leans back against the cushion of the back seat.

And so goes the night. Sig drops us home, giving me a wink that says he knows I need time to take care of my mother. He promises that he'll be back around five so we can eat before a seven o'clock movie.

Everything goes off without a hitch. Travis is so comfortable around Sig, it makes me second-guess holding him so close. I hope desperately that I haven't hurt him by going too far in the other direction. But I can't forget the months that he spent away from me and how far his health-mental, emotional and physical-declined.

Maybe it's not too late, I tell myself as we're leaving, Travis and Sig tossing a balled up wad of napkins from the theater back and forth, challenging each other over Harry Potter movie trivia.

"How do you know so much about Harry Potter? Aren't you a little old to be watching shit like that?"

"There's no such thing as too old for Harry Potter. And how dare you refer to HP movies as 'shit like that'. I'll kick your ass, lil man."

"Bring it, Conan," Travis replies in the way that boys do.

Sig puts his big hands on either side of Travis's skull and pretends to squeeze hard. "I will crush you!" he says in a low, harsh voice that's probably supposed to sound like a movie character. Something that goes far above my head. I've never had enough time or brain space for too many frivolous things like movies and normal girl stuff. But I'm glad that Travis has.

Rather than making me feel bitter or resentful, the thought brings me incredible peace, like maybe all that I've done has helped him. Somehow. Just a little. Because that's all I've wanted-for him to grow up in as much of a normal way as possible.

Their banter continues all the way home. Sig catches my eye occasionally and gives me a wink or a warm smile that says, no matter what else is going on, he hasn't forgotten what it feels like to kiss me. I get a little chill every time he does it.

Back at our house, when I would otherwise have said goodnight to Sig (at least until I could get away without notice), Travis begs him to stay and play some video games. Sig glances at me, as though asking if it's okay. I nod imperceptibly.

"Only if you're okay with losing," he tells Travis.

"You wish, gangsta."

I shake my head when they continue this all the way up the walk and through the house to Travis's room.

I look in on Momma and get her ready for the night. Although it hasn't been mentioned, I assume that I'll sneak my way to Sig's at some point and sneak back home in the morning. I won't have to leave as early, though. Travis will sleep until at least noon.

Some time later, a hand gently jostles me awake and I shoot upright, glancing around at the clock behind my head. Five minutes until midnight.

"Sorry," I tell Sig as I stretch, trying to wake up.

"Don't be," he whispers, sliding one hand behind my back, the other under my knees and lifting me into his arms. "I'm kidnapping you."

I smile, hoping very much that this would happen.

"Travis?" I ask.

"Fell asleep in his gaming chair. I put him in his bed. He'll be fine."

I rest my head on his shoulder, feeling more content than I have a right to, all things considered. "Then kidnap away. As long as you have me home by morning."

"As you wish," he mutters, carrying me out the door.

********

The hours run together like the muted colors of an abstract painting. I'm blissfully unaware of time. I flow through it like a ship through water, rather than stopping to engage in the ever-present battle of wills that I normally experience. Instead of dreading the morning when I have to go back to Lance or counting the minutes until I can get home and be away from him, I find myself enjoying the passage of every single one of them.

When Sig and I are alone, his hands are on me. His mouth, his body, his attention-they're all mine. And I'm all his. And when we're not alone, there's an easy thread that seems to float invisibly between us, tying us together. Whether he's talking to Travis or throwing the Frisbee with him in the park or the three of us are eating hot dogs from the rarely-used grill in my back yard, there's always this awareness that we share. Sometimes when I'm watching him, he'll sneak a glance my way, like he can feel it. Or sometimes when he's midsentence with Travis, his head will turn toward me and he'll wink, never missing a beat. It's as though no matter what else is going on, we are at the forefront of each other's mind.

After we eat, I pop some popcorn and we sit down for a viewing of Anchorman one and two. According to Travis and Sig, that fact that I haven't seen either one is a travesty of epic proportions and must be amended immediately. I laugh at several things in the movie, but I think I laugh more at the two of them quoting lines and adding their two cents, undoubtedly having seen the films numerous times.

When Travis makes his way to bed, Sig sits with me on the couch, his hand making lazy circles on my thigh until Travis's soft snoring can be heard. Then, although I'm exhausted from so little sleep, I come instantly to a strange alertness and I let him sweep me away again.

He doesn't drive me straight to his house, though. He goes past it and on to the park we visited earlier. "What are we doing back here?" I ask, anxious to feel his skin against mine and not really very enthused about any side trips that will delay it.

"You'll see."

Sig takes my hand and leads me back to the bench that I sat on while watching them play Frisbee today. It's bathed in moonlight rather than bright sunshine now and it looks hauntingly beautiful, sitting here all alone in the night.

When he stops in front of it, I look up at him in question. He sits down and spreads his legs, pulling me between them.

"Every time I looked at you today, all I could think about was what you'd look like naked, with the sun pouring over your beautiful breasts, your face tipped up toward it, riding me, coming on me. And letting me come in you." He reaches beneath my short, ruffled skirt and pulls my panties down. "Tell me, Just Tommi, are you on the pill?"

When I feel his hand travel back up my thigh, I reflexively spread my legs. "You don't have to worry about me getting pregnant."

"Mmmm," he says when his fingers find my center. "That's what I thought. And I'm sure you've been tested, right?"

"Yes," I whisper, my breath already coming shorter. "Regularly. You?"

"Yes, ma'am. Nothing to worry about here. So how about this?" he asks, driving two fingers into me. "How about you let me love you in the moonlight instead?" As he speaks, he withdraws his fingers and urges me toward him until I climb onto the bench and straddle his hips. He unfastens his jeans and then reaches for the laces that hold the front of my shirt together, loosening them enough that it slides easily down my shoulders. He unhooks my lace bra, baring my breasts for him. "Damn, you're even more perfect than I imagined you'd be. Skin like silk." He strokes the skin of my chest, teasing the swells of each breast, bringing my nipples into throbbing points. "Nipples like candy." He draws one into his mouth, his free hand moving the head of his cock between my folds. I feel my body squeezing, a silent plea for the penetration that I know is coming. "A pussy like nothing I've ever had before."

At the end of that sentence, like punctuation, he pulls me down over him like a human sheath. The feel of him sliding into me, smooth as glass, is indescribable.

"God, you feel amazing. Like I knew you would."

Gently, he urges me up and down in him. Slowly. So slowly, it's maddening. When I would rush, he won't let me. When I would drop harder, he won't let me. He continually moves me on top of him in a deep, languorous rhythm that pushes me steadily, infuriatingly toward release.

Sig leans forward, worshipping my nipples, my neck, the curve of my arm, like he can't get enough of me. He murmurs words about how beautiful I am, about how he loves the way I taste, the way I feel, about he could never tire of being inside me.

When climax finds me, it finds us both. We move together in a rhythm that never changes, only intensifies, until I am breathlessly calling his name over and over and over, and he's jerking in my arms, spilling every last once of himself deep within me.

We sit, motionless, for several long minutes after the last waves have passed. Sig doesn't release me, doesn't lessen his hold one bit. And I don't want him to. Something about the way he's keeping me folded against him makes me think that I will remember this night long after I might've forgotten the others. Even though another voice mutters from the far recesses of my soul that I won't be able to forget a single moment of my time with him. But somehow I know that there will be a significance to this time that I'll carry with me forever.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX- SIG

It's Sunday and, despite the easy smile she's wearing, I know Tommi is as aware of Tonin's return tonight as I am. The fact that we don't have an exact time is unnerving as hell. I feel like we're both just waiting for the axe to fall.

Travis seems to be enjoying the last couple of days. I know it'll be hard on him when Tonin comes back, too. And that pisses me off. It's not just Tommi that Tonin's screwing with. It's an innocent kid, too.

We finish our pancakes and head out to "Shoot the Hooch." I promised Travis I'd take them tubing down the Chattahoochee today. We are well on our way to the closest entrance when Tommi's phone rings. A silence steals over the cab of my truck and I know that we're all thinking the same thing. And even though Travis doesn't know everything that's going on, he's a bright enough kid to figure out that the way things have been will change dramatically when Tonin gets back.

Tommi glances at her phone and then up at me, her heart in her eyes. She looks almost frantic.

She turns her upper body away from me, clears her throat and answers the phone, plugging her other ear. "You back?" I hear her ask, a note of hopefulness in her voice. It's pretty damn convincing, which bothers the shit out of me.

I don't even try not to listen to each muted "yeah" and "uh-huh" and "I missed you, too." It's when I hear her say, "Today?" that I curl my fingers into a fist.

When she gets off the phone, I see her chest rise with a deep breath and she turns a disappointed face to Travis. "We'll have to shoot the hooch another time, Trav. Lance is back and he wants to see me."

"So? What about what you want?" he snaps.

"Travis, you know I-"

"Save it. Just take me home. I'll go to Trip's."

"Travis, we can still go," I offer.

"Just forget it. I wanna go home."

On the way back, the atmosphere inside the truck couldn't be any more different than it was five minutes ago. I could chew steel and spit nails, yet Tommi's just sitting in her seat, quietly pretending this is all okay.

I drive them home in silence. When Travis gets out, Tommi turns to me, "I'll be right back."

I watch her walk stiffly to the front door and let them in. I watch her walk stiffly back to the truck fifteen minutes later, her hair flowing smoothly down her back, her body encased in a knee-length little dress that's open halfway down her back.

I'm so pissed, I don't say a word until we get to the garage. I cut the engine and we sit in the strained quiet until Tommi finally speaks.

"I have to go."

"You don't have to do anything."

"I do. You knew this was how it would be. You knew it couldn't last."

"That's your choice, not mine."

"If I could make any other one, I would. But I can't."

"Why?" I grind out. "Tell me why."

She worries her lip. "You know I can't do that."

"Again, you can, you just won't."

"Sig, it's the same thing to me-can't and won't. The reasons why I won't are the same as why I can't. My hands are tied."

"I don't believe that." I could strangle her. Or Tonin. Somebody. I'm fuming.

Right up until I see tears fill her eyes. "I knew this was a mistake," she croaks.

I put an iron fist around my temper. Being an asshole isn't getting me anywhere. I exhale, reaching for her hand. "I'm sorry. I...you didn't deserve that. I just...god, I hate it!" I lean my head back, stroking her palm with my thumb.

"I wish I could change it, but I can't." When I turn my eyes back to Tommi, lonely tears are streaming silently down both cheeks and her chin is trembling.

I cup the back of her neck and pull her to me, pressing my forehead to hers. "I'd change it for you if you'd just let me."

"You can't," she cries brokenly. "Nobody can."

I raise my head until my lips are touching her forehead. "But that was before you met me. I can help you, Tommi. I promise. You just have to trust me."

"Maybe one day," she says, tucking her face into the curve of my shoulder.

I wrap my arms around her, holding her tight until her shaking stops. "Remember what I told you," I tell her.

She leans back to look at me, her eyes all big and glassy and tortured. "What?"

"Think of me. No matter what, think of me." I take her lips in a kiss that's meant to sear her all the way through what she has to face, whatever she feels like she has to hide, right down to her soul. I'm not sure, though, that it doesn't sear me, too. One thing is for damn sure: It only made it that much harder to let her go, to walk her upstairs and into the arms of another man. And it was already hard as hell.

"Maybe you shouldn't come up," she says hesitantly, pulling away and looking at my lips rather than my eyes.

"Why?"

Her voice cracks. "Because if you do, I'm not sure I can go through with this."

"Then don't! I told you that I'd-"

"I know what you said. And you know what I said. So here we are. Stuck. Just like I knew we would be." It's her turn to lean her head back and exhale. She closes her eyes for a few seconds and then opens them, sitting up straighter and squaring her shoulders in determination. "But it's what I have to do. You...you don't have to wait for me," she says, gaze focused on the windshield.

"Hey," I say, squeezing her hand until she looks at me. "I'm not going anywhere."

Her smile is small, but relieved. "I'll go up by myself. There's no reason to make this worse than it already is."

"But I want to take you up."

"I didn't mean for you."

What am I supposed to say to that? I don't want to make it harder for her, too. So I won't. I won't to, I won't argue with her on this. As tough as it is to sit here and let this happen, some part of me knows that it has to. Until she tells me what the hell is going on, I can't help her.

"I'll be right here. Waiting."

She turns toward the door and then, after a moment's hesitation, she abandons the handle and flings herself into my arms, kissing me with all the passion I know her to be capable of. "I won't be long."

I say nothing because that's a promise we both know she can't make.

I watch her until she's through the doors and out of sight. The only constructive thing I can think of with which to busy myself is looking over the files Finch mentioned. Maybe there will be something in them that will help me figure out what's going on and how I can help get Tommi out of this mess.

I log on through the secure connection and browse through the pages. Nothing really noteworthy comes up.

But then I come to a juvie record for Tommi. I'm not too surprised to find that she'd been dinged a couple of times for petty theft and once on a drug charge. What does surprise me is the intake information on the sealed record. I stare at it for several seconds, my mind sure that my eyes are missing something. Putting something in the wrong spot. Misreading something. But the more I stare at it, the clearer it becomes.

Name: Tommy Lawrence

Age: 16

Sex: M

Sex. Male.

My pulse races. I can't make myself look away from the little screen of my smartphone. What the hell am I missing? I know this can't be right. I mean, I've had sex with Tommi a couple dozen times in the last few days. I think I would've noticed if she were a he.

Wouldn't I?

My palms start to sweat as I think back to those late night talk shows that have interviews with people who've had a sex change. All the hormones they're given to accentuate certain traits while suppressing others, hormones that give guys tits and a smooth face. And the surgeries, the procedures they have for removing penises and making vaginas.

I wipe my damp brow and force myself to think as rationally as I can. There's no reason to panic. There has to be an explanation. A very reasonable explanation. I mean, no doctor in the world could engineer a pussy as perfect as Tommi's. All pink and wet. Lips almost shaved smooth. Clit that reacts to my slightest touch. Muscles that squeeze my cock so tight I wanna scream. Only God can make a body like that.

I relax a little in my seat. I'm finally able to exhale, feeling better about this information already. But only a little. In another way, I'm even more keyed up.

I knew Tommi was hiding something. I guess she's hiding more than I ever imagined. Obviously, she's not Tommi Lawrence. But then the question is: Who is she? And where is Tommy Lawrence?

Before I can even formulate a next move, I hear a door open. It whips so hard it hits the stopper on the concrete wall. Tommi is practically running toward me. Something's wrong.

My heart leaps up into my throat. Chest gets tight, lungs strain to move, pupils dilate-my entire body is ready for battle.

I get out and meet her in front of the truck, taking her upper arms and bending to look into her eyes. "What's wrong? Did he hurt you? So help me God-"

"No," she breathes frantically. "It's Travis. Oh my god, Sig, they took Travis! That bastard has my brother!"

TO BE CONTINUED...

