Prologue

Solomon Alexander

Three months earlier

Avery Ferrand is surrounded by twelve armed vampiric guards when she's escorted into the room where at least one hundred vampires are unaware they're gathered in her honor. They silence as she enters and their full attention becomes fixed upon the only human in the room-the blood jewel-as she is led to her seat. It looks much like a royal throne for a king or queen so it gives the illusion that she's treated with high regard. But I know better.

I'm unable to see her face from where I'm standing in the crowd but I have a unobstructed view of the pale skin exposed at the top of her strapless blood red ball gown. Her severe pallor is evidence that Vincent has shown no mercy in draining her for tonight's blood jewel ceremony and I'm sickened. I think of what that must have been like for her and I want to inflict a long and painful death upon her captor. It would give me great pleasure to watch him scorch during a slow sunrise before meeting his final death.

I'm enjoying the scene playing out in my head as the bastard lifts his vial and instructs the entire room of vampires to ingest the substance that will transform them into his minions. They are killers-just as I once was-but none of them deserve to have this addiction unknowingly forced upon them. "Now, let us all partake of the precious blood jewel together."

I lift the vial to my lips as part of the deception and I'm unable to stop myself from sniffing the blood contained inside before I pretend to consume it. I'm surprised to discover it doesn't have an essence at all. I've never known human blood to lack scent. I suppose it's a characteristic specific to only a blood jewel so she isn't so easily revealed among the vampire population. Perhaps it's a trait given by Anteros to enable her a better chance at survival.

A fledgling walks through collecting the empty vials on a silver platter-a show of how no expense was spared-and I'm relieved when I'm able to rid myself of the evidence of my deception. I hear the voices around me murmuring about the exceptional taste of Avery's blood and I begin to worry that this large group of vampires might break into a frenzy to get to Jenn's sister. There will be nothing Curry or I can do if that happens.

I listen for the sound of her mundane heart and I'm surprised when I realize it isn't pounding as one would expect. How strange. It's calm for a human sitting before one hundred vampires that just consumed her addicting blood. At the very least I would expect a fast, thready beat due to her recent loss of blood volume. But it isn't. I'm guessing it's another Anteros given mode of survival.

The crowd in front of me shifts and I dart from side to side until I'm able to get a look at Avery Ferrand for the first time. She's staring blankly into the crowd but turns her head-almost as if I called her name-and makes eye contact with me. I want to look away. But I can't. She is the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.

Her heart speeds as our eyes remain locked. I can't bring myself to blink because I'm too mesmerized by her beauty but then I realize that whatever I'm feeling toward her must be part of the blood jewel attraction. I didn't consume her blood so what little is left of it must be calling out to me like a siren summoning her victim to his doom.

I feel a harsh jab into my side so I fight the urge to continue staring at the beauty in front of me. I'm barely a victor over the strange desire I feel but I manage to turn to Curry. "What?"

"Our host is calling you so why don't you go see what he wants." Curry's words are slow and deliberate as he gives me a look I can only interpret as a warning to be careful.

"Oh, sure, sure." My words stumble. I'm embarrassed Curry has seen how easily I'm enraptured by the blood jewel. It's a sign of weakness-something I don't care to fall victim to.

I'm cautious as I approach Vincent where he is sitting on the armrest of Avery's throne. I want to look at her again-and my eyes beg permission-but I don't grant it. I fear any attention directed toward this lunatic's most prized possession could cause an unwelcome riff.

An evil grin appears on Vincent's face as he reaches out to stroke Avery's cheek and it takes every ounce of strength I have to not rip his arm from its socket. "I couldn't help but notice your special interest in my sweet, sweet Avery."

Shit. He's already noticed the attention I gave her so I don't dare make the mistake of looking directly at her again. He drops his hand from her face and watches me. "Did you enjoy her blood?"

I'm in a shitload of trouble if he asks for specifics so I rack my brain to remember some of the comments murmured by those around me after they drank her blood.

Damn! I draw a total blank because I was too preoccupied with seeing her for the first time. "I did. It was mesmerizing just as you said."

"I know it was everything I promised it would be and more, but what did you think of it?"

He's pressing me. But why? Does he suspect I didn't drink her blood?

I look from Vincent to Avery against my better judgement. She peers up at me through her long lashes and I confirm the beautiful color of her eyes for the first time. They're the most unusual color of golden brown-a shade I can't recall ever seeing in all of my years-but they're a perfect pairing with her long blond curls. "She is perfection like nothing I've ever known before."

"Her blood used to be better, if you can believe that." There's no misinterpreting the disgust in his voice and I have the urge to defend her against his verbal assault.

"I can't imagine it being better." Nor can I imagine wanting her more than in this moment so I force my eyes from hers because I'm ashamed. I shouldn't want her.

"My sweet Avery has become desensitized by us. We no longer frighten her so she doesn't produce the adrenalin high she once did. As you can imagine, I want to get that sensational high back again. I've tried everything but I can't seem to achieve it anymore."

Jenn told us the tactics he used on her and Avery to achieve a higher saturation of adrenalin in their blood so I'm not at all shocked by his admission. However, I am a little surprised by how much pleasure his dissatisfaction brings me and I struggle to fight the grin threatening to spread across my face. "I'm sorry, Vincent. I don't understand what you mean."

"Phillip." I'm briefly caught off guard when he uses my alias. "I noticed the way you looked at my Avery." He places two fingers under her chin, lifts her face upward, and strokes her carotid. "You noticed too didn't you my sweet angel?"

She makes no reply before she lowers her eyes. "Don't you smell her fear and hear her fluttering heart, Phillip? It's been months since this happened. She might as well have been dead to the world until she saw you in the crowd and then her pathetic little human heart began to race. Now, adrenalin is coursing in her blood and seeping from her skin. Isn't it magnificent?"

I knew the scent of adrenalin well but that was not the fragrance tickling my sense of smell. It was something entirely new and different. And I liked it a lot more than I should. "She is a splendid creature and you are very lucky to have such a rare commodity."

"Come closer to her, Phillip." Why does he continue saying my alias and where is he going with this? It can't be good wherever it is.

I'm cautious again as I take a single step toward her and stop. I don't want to make any aggressive moves that could trigger one-or all-of her guards to charge me. When Vincent sees that I have no intention of coming closer, he motions with his hand. "Closer, I want you to touch her, Phillip."

Is he setting me up? Is it his plan to have the guards attack me? Perhaps as an example of what not to do with his property? "Okay, this is getting a little too weird."

Vincent rises from the armrest and there's venom seething in his voice. "I said for you to touch her and you are a guest in my home so please show some respect for your generous host that shared her blood with you tonight."

Two words. Arrogant. Asshole.

I'm furious as I move closer to Avery but then I look at her and all of my anger dissipates the moment I press the back of my hand to her face and slowly stroke her soft cheek. Human touch. It's something I haven't felt in decades and I bask in the feel of her warm skin against my cool hand. But that isn't what feels so amazing. It's the nearly electrical-like current I feel creeping beneath my skin. It's almost as if the point where I stop and she begins no longer exists.

It's easy to imagine us as the only two people in the room-maybe even the earth-but then Vincent ruins the moment when he opens his mouth. "It is glorious what your touch does to her."

He finds pleasure in this girl's fear. That's when I decipher what I'm doing to Avery and why he made me touch her. I'm unintentionally terrorizing her because she doesn't understand that I'm here to save her and not join in with these sick bastards. "I'm glad you are pleased." I turn to walk away-attempting to hide my disgust-but he isn't finished with me.

"Stop, we're not done here." I cringe inwardly before I turn back because I don't know what to expect next from this psychopath. "You've accomplished what no one else could and I need to reward you for your achievement."

I don't want to know what constitutes his idea of contribution. "I need no reward."

Vincent motions again for my return while stretching out his words in a threatening tone. "Phillip ... come ... back."

I want no part of this game he's playing but I don't have a choice if I wish to maintain my cover so I return to stand before him. "I have just one more request." It comes out as a whisper and his tone is even more devious when he lowers his voice.

I don't want to ask what it is he wants from me but I do because I have no choice. "What do you want?"

An evil grin spreads across his face. "Bite her." He watches me while waiting for my reaction. "I see you are questioning my sincerity but I am quite serious." Vincent reaches for Avery's carotid and caresses it with his thumb. "Bite her now."

Every vampire in this place-with the exception of me and Curry-would kill for this opportunity yet he chooses me to drink directly from the blood jewel. What are the odds?

My mind races to think of an alternative. I'm desperate to come up with anything but it becomes more and more clear as the moment passes. I have no choice. Our cover will be blown if I don't do as he commands.

I bring her wrist to my mouth and I'm sickened by what I'm about to do. I'm going to bite a human and drink directly from the vein for the first time in more than two hundred years. As much as I hate doing this, I find comfort in knowing I'm sacrificing myself-and every part of who I've become-so this girl may be saved. If I never accomplish another thing in my existence, her life is worth everything I'm giving up.

The moment before my incisors pierce her skin, Vincent stops me. "No, not like that. Stand up, Avery."

Vincent takes her hand and leads her to a huge gothic framed mirror hanging on the wall. He stops and places his hands on Avery's shoulders, turning her to face her reflection. "Come join us, Phillip."

What kind of game is this madman playing? Is this all part of the show to heighten this girl's fear? "I don't know what it is you want from me."

He moves away from Avery. "Stand here behind her."

Avery's eyes never leave mine while I do as he commands. Once I'm standing in my designated spot I await further instructions. "I want her to watch you in the mirror as you drink from her neck."

My fate is sealed. There's no way to avoid drinking from her now.

She doesn't appear the least bit fearful-which makes no sense at all. For a reason I can't explain, I think she wants me to bite her. And I don't understand why.

We're standing close but we don't have to be for me to smell how much stronger her scent is becoming. Her fragrance is like nothing I've ever encountered. I want to be engulfed by it so I move closer than necessary because I want to drown in it.

I place my hand on the blond curls cascading down her shoulders and push them aside. My incisors lengthen as I watch the pulsation in her neck. A low groan escapes her mouth as I quickly pierce her flesh but it doesn't feel like a response to pain. It seems more like she's enjoying what I'm doing to her.

I suck gently because I fear she has already lost more blood than her small body can withstand. I'm surprised when her blood hits my tongue. I can't find the words to describe the flavor in my mouth because I'm far more concerned about the way my lips feel against the skin of her body.

Doing something so wrong shouldn't feel this right.

Vincent grasps my shoulder. "Enough."

My incisors retract and I take my mouth from Avery's skin as Vincent claps his hands with delight. "That was marvelous. Let the party continue. We have many hours until dawn. Please, enjoy yourselves."

I turn Avery so I'm able to inspect the damage on her neck. It's only oozing lightly but I can't stop my desire to taste her skin again so I place my tongue against her wound and spread my coagulant. The bleeding stops instantly but I steal another opportunity to touch her when I take her face in my hands. I hold her cheeks against my palms and her eyes alternate between looking at my eyes and mouth.

I wish I knew what she was thinking-or maybe I don't-but whatever it is won't matter for much longer.

I look deep into her eyes so I may remove this whole event from her memory although I fear it's one I'll never get out of mine. "Avery, when you wake in the morning, you will not remember this incident. Your neck will be sore and you will believe it is from sleeping in an uncomfortable position. Do you understand?"

She takes one more look at my mouth before she whispers, "I do."

I battle the raging urge to grab her and flee this nightmare as I walk away. Turning my back on someone has never felt more wrong but I know the ultimate plan and I must stick to it if I intend on saving her from this madness.

I return to Curry's side and I'm glad we're unable to discuss what just occurred. I have no idea what the hell I'd say but I know one thing ... I can never tell him how it made me feel or how much I liked it.

I make a valiant effort to avoid looking toward Avery for a while but my eyes grow defiant and don't obey my brain's command when they steal a glance in her direction and find her looking at me. This is the painful game we play over the next hour until Vincent orders the guards to escort her away. As she rounds the corner, she turns for one last look in my direction before a guard gives her an unnecessary shove, causing her to stumble. I'm ready to streak in her direction but she rights herself before falling. And then she's gone.

Once my attention isn't focused solely upon her, I notice the peculiar behavior displayed by our hosts and their guests. Their strange drunkenness increases as the minutes stretch into an hour and I'm left with no choice but to wait for Avery's blood to effect me the same way.

Another hour passes and although I don't feel any drunken effects, I definitely think it's fair to say that something peculiar is happening to me. It's scary as hell although I'd never admit that to anyone.

I can't guess what is about to happen to me but I know it's not something I want to experience here among these devils. "Ugh! These drunken fools are driving me crazy. I feel fine for the time being, but I know it's only a matter of time before I space out, so it's probably time I leave. I can't be positive I'll be able to control myself once this thing hits and I can't bear the thought of hurting that girl again. Everything is up to you from this point."

I don't give Curry a chance to reply before I'm out the front door and streaking toward the road where I know Gia is waiting for me in the car. I dread the million question inquisition I'm about to face. Gia will immediately ask how things went but I damn sure don't want to talk about it. Having the family know what I did to that innocent girl is going to be humiliating enough but that isn't the worst part of it. They will all know that her blood is going to make me crazy as hell when it hits.

I place my hand on the car door's handle but hesitate before pulling it as I turn back to look at the plantation house where I left my best friend with the task of rescuing Avery. It's no fault of my own that I can't walk in sunlight but it doesn't stop me from feeling useless.

I hear Gia call out from inside the car. "Hey, buffoon. Get in so we can blow this joint. I'm not looking to get my goose cooked tonight."

I can't look at Gia when I get into the car. She has no idea what I've done but the dread of her finding out keeps me from facing her. "Let's get the hell out of here."

I suspect she's looking at me because she doesn't pull the car onto the road. She probably suspects how wrong things have gone. "Something happened. What's wrong?"

I'm not ready to go there. "Gia, I need you to do me a favor. For once in our existence together, I need you to cut me some slack and not ask how things went because I'm not in a place where I'm willing to talk about it right now."

She doesn't reply or ask again about what happened. She doesn't even say a word during the drive back to our compound and I've never been more grateful for her silence.

There's only one thing I want once we're back at the Savannah compound-to be alone without an interrogation by the females of the house-but I have no such luck because Lairah meets us in the foyer as we enter the house. "Finally! I thought you'd never get back. We're dying to hear what happened."

I walk toward the basement door without looking in her direction. "I don't want to talk about it right now."

"What?" I hear the astonishment in her voice. "You don't get to decide you're not talking about what happened tonight while one of us remains there in that house with those crazies."

Gia speaks up for the first time since we left Vincent's. "I'm not sure where Chansey is or why she isn't down here for an update but she is Curry's wife. She'll be in your face demanding to know what happened."

She is right. I'm shocked Chansey isn't here threatening me within an inch of my life to tell her what happened with her husband. I'm certain she will be at any minute so I need to retreat to the basement before she makes an appearance. I definitely don't want to be the one to tell her I left Curry with Gloriana. "I'm going downstairs."

"No, Sol. You're staying and telling us what happened."

"No ... I'm ... not!" I growl at the top of my lungs before streaking through the door, slamming it behind me. I lean against it once I'm out of their sight but curse myself. I hate being so harsh with Gia and Lairah but they'd understand once they learned what had gone awry at Vincent's.

I descend the stairs and turn a chair to face the wall before sitting. I open my palm and look at Avery's pendant for the first time since leaving her in my best friend's hands.

There's no doubt about it. She's in my veins and I can't get her out. She's all I taste inside my mouth but it's not the flavor of her blood remaining on my tongue. It's simply ... her ... and I don't understand what is happening because it's something I've never experienced in all my years as a vampire.

I'm bewildered by the way I felt as I walked away from her and even now how I feel in this moment as I know Curry will be the one to save her. Nothing has ever felt more wrong. I want to be the one to protect her. It should be me taking her away from that place. Not Curry.

The addictive nature of Avery's blood is the only rationalization for these urges to protect her but it does nothing to change the way I feel. I want to be near her so I may ensure her safety.

It's hours later when I feel her presence-and fear-as she enters the compound but I rejoice because she's safe. And so near. I will allow nothing to harm her as long as I live. Faster than the blink of an eye and it's done without any thought for consequence. I make a vow-the same sacred one I once chastised Curry for pledging when he made an oath to protect Chansey at any cost.

I look at the butterfly pendant dangling from my hand. "I will never allow harm to come to Avery by me or any other."

Chapter One

Three months later

I wake when I hear the first squeal-and then the second-of the newest residents at the Savannah compound. James Grady and Anna Grace Brennan-my best friend's newborn children-are home and making their presence well-known.

Wait a minute. Who am I kidding? I wasn't asleep. I spent the day lying awake thinking of Avery just like I've done every day since her arrival three months ago. I can't blame my lack of sleep on crying babies-especially since they just arrived home for the first time.

The last three days have been the worst. The key to solving the mystery of the blood jewel slipped through my hands. The answers were so close I could taste them but Curry ended it all when he chose to kill Marsala before she could give us an explanation. Without any hesitation at all, he snuffed out my chance at learning what I needed to know so I could keep Avery safe.

I'm furious with Curry but I can never let him know. I was a fool to tell him I loved Avery and now I have to do damage control which means I must lie to my best friend again-and soon-because he won't wait long before he asks me to explain how I could possibly love a human.

I walk to Curry and Chansey's bedroom and find the door open. That explains why I was able to hear the crying babies from their soundproof quarters. I tap on their door without a response. I assume neither is able to hear a thing over the shrill screams coming from within so I knock again a little harder. "Come in," they call out in unison.

I pass through their bedroom into the nursery and stop in the doorway when I see Avery. I make a show of appearing surprised to see her but it's a sham. I already knew she was there because there's never a time I don't feel her presence.

She's so perfectly beautiful. Nothing seems more natural than to see her rocking one of the babies as she strokes his or her face. It's an instant reminder of everything she'll have one day when it's safe for her to leave this compound. They're things she'll share with another man-instead of me-and I can't stand the thought.

She's grinning when she looks up. It's the first smile she's ever sent in my direction but I know it isn't for me. It's a remnant of the happiness she has for the baby she's holding but I'm not choosy. I'll take a smile from her any way I can get it. It's incredibly beautiful and she does it far too little. I wish I had the courage to tell her so.

Her smile fades and I feel the tension that always arises whenever we are in the same room. It always makes me want to leave-and I usually do-because I don't want to cause her discomfort. I want nothing but happiness for her and if my absence accomplishes that then I'll always oblige.

I turn to leave but Curry stops me. "Sol? What are you doing up so early?" He has a confused looked on his face.

He's wrong. His kids must have his brain muddled. "It's not early."

"Since when is noon not early for a vampire?"

No way it's the middle of the day. "Noon? You've got to be kidding me." I look in the direction of the nursery's curtains but they're closed.

Curry walks over to the black and white print drapes and pulls one back an inch to show me he's right. It's a hazy day but I can easily see that it's midday. Hmm ... That's perplexing.

I'm now able to see that Chansey is holding Anna Grace since I assume she'd be the one to wear pink-trimmed clothing. She places her daughter on her back on top of her legs and brings her tiny feet up to her mouth for a kiss. "Please tell me our kids aren't loud enough to wake sleeping vampires."

"They are some loud little buggers when they join forces but I wasn't asleep when I heard them crying. I seriously doubt they have the ability to wake the others."

Chansey never takes her eyes from her daughter. "That's good to know, isn't it? We don't want the other vampires in the house to be grumpy like Uncle Sol, do we?"

"I'm not grumpy." Am I?

"Take it easy on him, love." Curry kisses Chansey's forehead and then looks at me. "Can I see you in your office for a minute?"

And here we go. See you in my office for a minute is code for I need to get you alone. He's wants to know why I was talking out of my head about loving Avery.

Chansey looks up at her husband so adoringly. Their love for one another is so apparent. And I envy it. "That's fine but don't be too long. You know what's coming and I need help."

I'm happy for Curry and Chansey but I'm jealous because it's what I want for myself with Avery. I've accepted that it can never be but it doesn't keep me from dreaming.

"Avery, would you mind sitting with Chansey and the babies for a few minutes? It's almost their feeding time so she'll probably need some assistance with whoever isn't eating while she nurses the other." He always ensures that Chansey is taken care of even in his absence.

"Sure." Avery brings James Grady up so his cheek brushes hers. "I have no objections to holding one of these precious little angels."

"We shouldn't be long." That at least sounds reassuring.

"I'm in no hurry to get rid of this sweet angel." Avery strokes her index finger down his forehead and slope of his nose. He closes his eyes when she repeats the motion and he doesn't open them again. It's like some kind of newborn magic sleep trick.

I can't help but overhear the conversation between Chansey and Avery as we leave. "Anna Grace usually throws a fit to eat about fifteen minutes before James Grady decides he's ready. I guess she thinks ladies should go first but he always decides he's starving about halfway through her feeding. I haven't managed to master nursing them at the same time."

Too much information. I didn't want to think about one-much less two-kids nursing on Chansey at the same time. I'm a vampire. That kind of mundane stuff is more than I want to know.

We're walking toward my office and I push the breastfeeding conversation aside as I try to decide how I'll handle Curry's questions. I should have already considered this conversation and decided on something to say but I chose to not think about it because I don't want to answer the tough questions he has for me.

"I'm glad Avery is here. It's good for Chansey to have another woman in the house."

He doesn't say it but Curry doesn't mean just any woman. He means another human woman. "I know Chansey loves Gia and Lairah but I'm sure it means a lot to her to have a human in her life so she isn't surrounded by vampires all the time."

I take my seat behind my desk and rearrange papers. I try to appear carefree as I shuffle one paper with another but I know why we've come to my office. He wants to ask me about what I said in the hospital. "I want to protect Avery for me ... because I love her." I said those words during a moment of weakness. And it was a screw up on my part. Now I have to fix this problem I created for myself.

I open my desk drawer and pretend to search for something. "When did you get home from the hospital?"

"A couple of hours ago."

Maybe I should try to keep him talking about his family. "It's a relief to have them home safely."

"You wouldn't believe the weight that has been lifted from my shoulders in knowing Marsala can never harm my family again."

I'm happy Chansey and the twins are safe but I'm instantly pissed off again. I struggle to hide my anger because it threatens to blow what I'm working so hard to conceal. "I can only imagine."

"That's sort of why I'm here. I need to ask you about something you said that night. Something about Avery."

This is the part where I play dumb and pretend I don't know what he means. "What about Avery?"

Curry narrows his eyes at me while he wrinkles his brow. I think he's suspects I'm about to try to deceive him. "You told me you loved her and I'm confused about what that means."

He's being a straight shooter on this so a new action plan is required-play down what I said. "It means nothing at all." I shrug.

He's no longer relaxed in the chair. He's sitting on the edge and staring straight into my eyes. "Your face didn't look like it was nothing to you that night and it damn sure doesn't look like it means nothing to you now either."

He knows me well and I have to do a better job of hiding my emotions from him. "It's true. I have become protective of Avery but only because of the time she's spent here. I've come to think of her as a sister the same way I do the other girls. I meant nothing by what I said."

"That's not the way it sounded to me. You've never spoke of loving Gia or Lairah."

"And I won't," I laugh. "I'd never hear the end of it from that pair of smartass extraordinaires if they ever heard me say I loved them."

"You know you can tell me if you're having side effects from drinking Avery's blood?" It's a question-not a statement.

I've always been able to tell Curry anything-but not this time. No one can ever know how I feel about Avery. "Yeah, I know."

"You're my best friend. You can tell me anything-anything at all-and I won't judge you or tell the others. Not even Sebastian if it was what you wanted." We've always shared a bond that didn't include the others and this is Curry reminding me of that.

It's tempting to tell him because I feel so alone in this-whatever this is. I want to tell him what's been going on in my head but I'm terrified. How do I explain the feelings I have for Avery when I don't understand them myself?

"Chansey and the babies are out of harm's way now. Their safety was the only thing holding me here."

He interrupts me. "Don't say you're leaving Savannah." He's picked up on where this conversation is going.

"I can't stay." I can predict what he's going to say but I won't hear of it. "And I won't have Avery leave this compound. She feels safe here and that's something she deserves after everything she's been through."

"And what about you? Don't you deserve to head up the compound you built?"

This is a repeat of the same conversation we had months ago when I was going to leave and the compound is still the least of my worries. "I don't care about all of this. I can build another compound if I want."

"When are you going to stop punishing yourself for something you couldn't control?"

Let him think that is what's going on here. It's easier that way. "Leaving will be my atonement for what I did. This is me giving her some form of peace."

"I don't think you're looking to give peace. I think you're looking to find some."

Maybe he's a little more receptive than I imagined but I'll roll with it. "Am I a terrible person for wanting distance from Avery because I don't want to look at her every day and be reminded of what I did?"

He looks angry. "I never took you for a coward."

I should be the angry one since he's calling me a coward but I'm not. I sort of fall into the category. "Call me what you like but I'm still leaving. Sebastian and I have discussed it and we decided I'll make the announcement tonight at dinner because we'll need a new leader to step up."

"I think you're making a mistake."

"It's my mistake to make."

"And I can't talk you out of it?" he asks.

There's only one person that could talk me out of leaving but it's never going to happen. "No. My decision's been made." He gets up and walks toward the door. "I still can't talk you into taking my place?"

He doesn't even turn back to me as he replies on his way out of my office. "No. My decision has been made as well."

I return to my bed after my conversation with Curry but I'm unable to sleep. How can I when I'm only able to think of Avery and how painful it will be when I'm parted from her? I absolutely dread telling her but not because I think she will be sad. She's going to be thrilled and her joy is going to break my heart.

I enter the dining room late so the family is already there and waiting. Dining is something I look forward to each night but it has nothing to do with drinking blood. I love it because Avery's seat is next to mine and it's the only time I'm able to touch her.

Sometimes I think she likes the feel of her tiny hand inside mine but then I become certain I'm imagining it because I hear her heart pound with fear. I had hoped she would eventually come to trust me and we'd be able to reside under the same roof without her living in constant fear of me but I gave up on that dream a while ago.

I'm seated at the head of the table and I take Avery's hand in mine when it's time for the sacrament of thanksgiving. I hold it tighter tonight and caress my thumb across the top as I speak. She probably finds that bizarre but I don't care. I'm a selfish bastard tonight and I'm doing it for myself because this is the last time I'll ever touch her. "We, the Coven of Landra, give our humblest gratitude in recognition of the Blood Swan, Rebecca, for her selfless gift of sustenance." As they do every night, the others join me in reciting the rest of the sacrament. "Thank you, Rebecca, for your gift of The Life, which sustains our existence and gives us strength to do the needed tasks before us."

I don't let go of Avery's hand as I usually do when I finish leading the ritual. And neither does she. I look at our clasped hands for a moment before lifting my green eyes to the golden brown ones staring back at me. I'm certain she's going to pull away any second so I brush my thumb over her fingers one last time while watching her face. For a moment, it almost feels like we're friends. Or lovers. But then the moment is gone when too much time passes and we each pull our hands away.

I grasp the glass of blood in front of me but I have no appetite for it. I haven't craved it in quite some time now-much longer than what any vampire young or old would consider normal. I try to remember the last time I nourished myself and realize it's been too long. I should be starving by now. But I'm not.

Conversations are taking place between my family members around me but my attention is undivided for the beauty to my right although I don't dare look in her direction. I drown out the idol chatter around me until I'm concentrating solely on the connection I share with her.

My bond to her hasn't weakened in the least over the last three months. I think it could be even stronger than it was the night I took her life's essence into my body as I drank from her.

I close my eyes and go to that dwelling where it's only the two of us-like we're suspended in a mysterious place lost in time. It's my favorite spot to be because I feel her so closely-as if we are one-and she isn't afraid of being so near. I'm able to hold her hand in this dream-like place because she isn't frightened by my touch.

"Sol." My fantasy is interrupted when I hear Sebastian call my name. I suspect by his tone that he probably said it more than once although I didn't hear him. I'm suddenly aware that my hand has found Avery's under the table but I don't remember how it got there. I'm grasping it tightly-holding on for dear life-and probably hurting her.

"Yes?" Everyone's attention is directed at me as I release the small delicate hand in mine.

Sebastian prompts me. "Your announcement? Would you like to make it now while everyone is together?"

Not really. I'm not prepared to see the relief on Avery's face but I have to tell her-and everyone else-at some point. "Of course." I cough and then swallow because the words feel like they're stuck inside my throat. "I've decided to return to New Orleans with Sebastian. We're leaving tomorrow night and I'll need someone to take my place as leader here."

No one utters a word or asks why I'm leaving and it's all the confirmation I need to draw my own conclusion. They think they know exactly why I'm going away but they'd only be half-right. "Please don't all volunteer at once."

Lairah finishes off the last of her blood and places her empty glass on the table. "I think we all assumed that asking for volunteers was ceremonial. We were waiting for Curry to step up since it's only natural that he would be next in line to take charge."

My friend needed my support. "The timing is all wrong for Curry. He can't take this on right now because Chansey is still recovering. She needs him full-time and this position would take away too much of the time he needs to spend with her and the babies. But if you want to choose a leader based on seniority then the next in line would be Thatcher."

Gia and Thatcher look at one another-a clear indication that there is a concealed liaison between them-but it's Thatcher that speaks up. "Can I have a little time to think it over?"

Gia and Thatcher's relationship borders on being ridiculous. I wonder who they think they're fooling because everyone in this family knows they have something going on. I don't know when they're going to figure out that they can have their little fling openly because no one here cares.

"Certainly but please be mindful that I need a volunteer before we leave tomorrow night. Otherwise, Sebastian will be forced to appoint someone and none of us want that."

My hand has abandoned my full glass of blood. It's resting on the table and Avery's fingers brush mine as she rises. "I'm afraid I'm not feeling well so I'm going to retire to my room. Goodnight."

Avery's lying. She isn't ill at all. She's sad. But it can't be about me leaving the compound. She's happy about that-or at least I thought she would be-so why isn't she jumping up and down with joy?

Chapter Two

I'm sitting in my office with the door closed. It's the middle of the night when Avery is normally sleeping but I can sense her closing the distance between us with each step she takes in my direction. Even these twelve-inch steel walls surrounding me can't block the fusion I have with her. I squeeze my eyes tightly, wishing all of it away: The connection. The desire. The love I have for her.

Avery Ferrand is a torture to my mind, my body and my soul like I've never known.

I silently pray she will pass quickly but she stops at my office door. I listen closely but then laugh to myself because it's useless. I'm inside a soundproof room that won't allow me to hear anything but it's of little consequence. I don't need to hear Avery to know her every move.

A moment later she rings the buzzer and I go completely stupid. I'm unsure of what to do so I remain motionless as I stare at the door hoping she'll go away. Several seconds pass and I hear the sound again before she struggles to open the heavy door. "Sol?"

The door still separates us so I close my eyes a second time as I savor the way my name sounds coming from her lips. I've heard her say it so few times and I'm convinced she must be an angel because nothing has ever sounded sweeter. "Come in."

She pushes the door half-open, peers around and takes a look at the stack of papers on the desk in front of me. "You're busy. Should I come back later?"

"No. It looks a lot worse than it really is. Please, come in." I realize my mistake as soon as I ask her to enter my office. I shouldn't ask her to come into a room alone with me even if I've never attempted to drink from her again. There's not a chance in hell she'll feel safe unless someone knows she's with me.

I rise from my chair and gesture toward the door. "Or I can join you in the living room." This is my way of offering her an out without it becoming awkward. Truth be told I'm doing it more for me than her. I don't think I can stand seeing the fear she'll have by being alone with me.

She leans against the door and uses her body weight to close it as I'm walking toward her. "No. What I have to say doesn't concern the others so I'd rather stay here. This is between you and me."

I almost think I hear the screech of my shoes when I stop dead in my tracks after I comprehend what's happening. Avery has closed us off from the rest of the family. And the world. No one can hear a sound behind these walls.

I take a step in retreat and the back of my legs collide with the desk. She smiles and I can only guess that it is sparked by my unusual display of clumsiness. "It's okay, Sol. I'm not afraid of being alone with you." She steps away from the door and walks around to one of the chairs. "I know you won't hurt me. I wouldn't be in here if I thought otherwise."

She sits in one of the black and white damask print chairs and places her hand on the arm of its mate. "Will you sit with me? I'd like to talk about us." She wants me next to her-not on the other side of my desk. And she wants to discuss us?

I proceed with caution toward the empty chair because it's been my way with Avery from the beginning. I'm always careful to make slow, deliberate movements in her presence so I don't startle or frighten her.

My mind is racing with wonder about what she could possibly want to discuss. "Is there something wrong?"

"No. It's the complete opposite. Something ...." She stops and appears as though she's choosing her words carefully. "No. Make that everything is finally right for once."

It's painful when I understand what she's referring to. I feel a dreadful heaviness deep in my chest because I realize everything finally being right for her translates into one thing: she's thrilled that I'm leaving. And it breaks my heart but I can't allow her to see that. "It'll certainly make life easier for you once I'm gone. You won't have to look at me every day and remember what I did to you."

She shakes her head from side to side slowly. "I'm not happy you've decided to leave the Savannah compound. I'm happy because your decision has forced me to realize how badly I don't want you to go."

Confusion immediately sets in. She's been fearful of me since the night of the blood jewel ceremony. Why would she want me to stay and put her through the torture of living under the same roof? "I don't understand. You're terrified of me. I thought you'd be pleased to hear that I'm leaving."

"I'm not scared of you." She looks down at her hands in her lap. "But I am terrified by the feelings I have for you and the things I want you to do to me." She looks up and swallows hard. "I want you to stay. With me."

Is it possible I've mistaken her body's reaction as fear all this time when it was something else all together? Like ... love? No. I won't get my hopes up because it's a ridiculous thought to imagine she could possibly have feelings like that for me. She is a blood jewel and I'm a vampire. Ironically, our roles are reversed. She is an unintentional predator and I am her prey. There's only one relationship that could possibly exist between us and it doesn't involve love or romance. It is sordid and exists solely for the purpose of addicting me to her blood.

I look at the pained expression on her face and see that she truly believes the things she's saying. And that's why my words are going to hurt her. I get up from the chair and walk to the window. I can't look at her anymore. She makes me hope for more than what is possible between us. "You'll see that it was the right decision after I'm gone."

I hear her get up from the chair and approach me from behind. "Turn around and look at me."

If I do, it'll be my undoing. I'm certain of it. "I can't."

"Yes you can."

There's an internal battle raging inside me but I give in and turn to her because it's what she asks. And because it's what I want as well.

She lifts her hands to touch my face, placing her palms on each side. She looks into my eyes and a smile-a breathtakingly beautiful one-appears. "I've wanted to touch you like this for so long."

Being like this with her is exactly what I have been dreaming of for months. It's no less wonderful than I imagined but I can't ignore how wrong it is. And dangerous for both of us. We shouldn't be this close. And we damn sure shouldn't be alone in this room. "You need to go."

"I don't want to go. And I strongly suspect that although you're telling me to, you don't really want me to either."

She couldn't be more right. "And that's all the more reason you should."

"Why?"

I shouldn't need to explain this. "Because this isn't right for either of us."

She strokes her thumb over my cheek. "Nothing has ever felt more right to me."

I shake my head. "You and I should never be alone behind a closed door."

"Because you drank from me?"

"Yes." I squeeze my eyes shut before making the confession that will scare her enough to make her leave. "But mostly because I liked doing it entirely too much."

She pulls my face toward hers but I can't open my eyes because I'm too ashamed of what I've just confessed. She has to think I'm a monster for enjoying that terrible thing I did to her.

I feel her breath against my lips as she whispers, "It felt so different with you. It was the first time I ever liked it. I've never wanted anything so much in my life." I feel her lips lightly brush against mine as she continues talking. "And I haven't stopped wanting you to do it again."

My eyes pop open at the shock of her admission. "Absolutely not. I will never hurt you like that again."

"You didn't hurt me at all." Her hands slide from my face to my shoulders and the tip of her tongue grazes my mouth as she licks her lips. The moisture there doesn't have to make contact with my tongue for me to remember the way she tastes-sweet and delicious. "Something happened between us that night and it was beautiful. Please tell me you felt it too."

I encountered something extraordinary but decided I had imagined it because it seemed too good to be true. But even as much as I enjoyed it, I could never put Avery in that kind of danger again. "I felt every moment. I covet every second of what I experienced with you but it can never happen again."

"You believe that you hurt me but you didn't."

She didn't understand the danger. "Who's to say I wouldn't the next time?"

"Me. Because I know you wouldn't." She caresses her cheek against mine. "I felt your gentleness then and I feel it now. I'm certain you'd never hurt me."

She's wrong. I'd do nothing but hurt her. Or it could possibly be the other way around. Maybe she'd hurt me. "You're a blood jewel, Avery. None of us knows what that means except vampires that drink your blood become addicted to it."

"But not you. You're the only one that hasn't been effected by it."

I beg to differ. I've been highly impacted but in a much different way-possibly an even more dangerous manner-because my side effects have made me believe I'm in love with this girl. Maybe that's why the thought of her wanting me simply out of pure curiosity is so painful. "Is that what this is about? You're mesmerized by my lack of addiction to your blood?"

"No, not at all." Her scent suddenly engulfs me as she comes up on her tiptoes so her mouth may connect with mine. I haven't kissed a human woman since Lisette but time doesn't matter. There's an instinct lingering within me and it takes over as my tongue joins hers in a seductive dance.

Her hands lock behind my neck while mine find her hips so I can pull her closer. She arches into me and my mouth trails kisses down her neck. She lifts her chin-giving me full access to her neck-and I feel the pulsation beneath my lips. "Make me your blood doll, Sol."

My blood doll? Is that what she thinks I want her to be? "Do you even know what a blood doll is?" She can't possibly understand or she wouldn't ask to become that.

"Yes. And I want to be yours."

"A blood whore? That's what you want to be?" It's true. I used that term to shock her into realizing what it is she's asking to be.

"You can label it whatever you'd like but I want to be the only one you drink from. I don't want you to partake of the blood swans anymore." She lifts her chin again. "Make me your only one."

"No. I can't do it."

"You can." She strokes the vein I drank from previously. "All you have to do is pierce this and drink."

I think she sees the battle raging in my head. I don't have the desire to drink her blood but I want nothing more than to feel the connection we shared when I did because it was so amazing. And this is what she wants too-as much as me or possibly even more.

"Make me yours, Sol. Please. It's what we both want."

I feel myself giving into her. "The others can't know. They'd never understand or accept it."

Her mouth spreads into a smile as she nods in agreement. "It'll be our little secret."

I'm not so sure it's a little secret. In fact, I'm certain it's huge-probably the biggest I've ever had-and another one to add to the collection I'm keeping from Curry and the others. The thought of hiding something so important from him floods me with guilt but I'll do it because this is what she wants and I'll take her any way I can have her.

Chapter Three

"Is there a mirror in here?"

I gesture toward the closed door. "In the bathroom."

She angles her head to the side and wrinkles her forehead. "You're a vampire with a bathroom in your office?"

"It's a selling point should we ever decide to leave."

She shrugs. "Makes sense." She takes my hand in hers and leads me into the bathroom. Once inside she stands so she is facing the mirror with me behind her. She reaches for her long blond hair and pulls it over one shoulder as she tilts her head to the side. She rests her back against my front and her eyes watch mine in the mirror.

She's not wasting any time. "You want me to do it right now?"

I watch her reflection as she releases her hair and straightens her neck. "Only if it's what you want."

To please me. That's what she desires. And I want to please her as well because this isn't only about me. "Is it what you want?"

"Yes ... very much."

I will do it for her because-the gods help me-I would do anything to make her happy.

I brush her hair away from her neck until it cascades down one shoulder. She leans her head over again and stretches her neck until I have full access. She reclines back until her body is completely supported by mine. I hear and feel her heart pounding as her eyes lock with mine in the mirror just the way they did when I drank from her the night we met.

I feel her body begging-even coaxing me-to do what it is we both want as her blood vessels rise closer to the surface of her skin. It's a physiological change her body undergoes as a direct result of her desire to be bitten. My body receives it as an invitation and results in the lengthening of my incisors.

She stretches her arm up and places her hand on the back of my head to pull me closer. "Make me yours, Sol. It's what I want more than anything."

I need no more encouragement so I place my mouth against her sweet tasting skin and pierce it. She twitches as I hear her sharp intake of breath. I suck gently over the two openings my sharp teeth have made and her gasp turns to panting as she rocks against me. That intoxicating scent-which isn't at all like blood essence-floods my senses and I grasp her hard around the waist until a moan escapes her mouth. I loosen my hold because I'm afraid I'm hurting her but she slips her free hand over mine and presses it closer again. "Please don't stop, Sol. It feels so good."

And it does feel amazing. Drinking from Avery is a pleasure like I've never known and I feel how euphoric it makes her because we are joined on a higher level-one I'd never experienced while drinking from any human. Ever. Sure, it is possible to bridge with a human's emotions while drinking directly from them but never like this. And I'd never remained connected to them afterwards because the minute my mouth left their skin, all links were broken-but not with Avery. My bond to her remains even months later.

Once I've taken what she so happily gives, I pull my mouth away from the piercing and stop the bleeding with my coagulant. I trail my tongue over her wounded skin so the healing process will be significantly decreased and I marvel at the delicious taste of her skin-not her blood. I place a kiss against the spot I just licked before I look up to meet her eyes. "You taste like candy ... and sunshine."

"Candy I understand. Sunshine ... not so much."

I run my nose down her arm. "You were in the sun today. I can smell and taste it on your skin."

"It was unseasonably warm today so I enjoyed the weather while doing some reading."

I kiss her forearm and allow my tongue to brush it. "It changes the flavor of your skin."

"Better or worse?"

"Neither. It's just different."

She turns to face me and leans closer to place her cheek against my chest as she slips her arms around my waist. I bring her closer and we stay like that for a while. "You're happy?" I feel like I have to ask.

"Yes. But you already know that, don't you?"

How could she know I sensed her feelings ... unless she sensed mine too? "Yes. I feel an unusual attachment to you and I've never experienced it with any other human. Do you feel it too?"

"Yes. It began the night we met. I've never felt it with any other vampire. You're the only one." My mind is reeling because I've been mistaken about her all this time. "What is it?"

"I don't know. I'd say it's a blood jewel trait but that can't be the case since you haven't meshed with others." And I'm glad. The thought of her sharing this special bond with another doesn't make me happy.

She puts her palms on my chest and slowly slides them up. "How do you feel when we kiss? Do you like it? Because it seems like you do."

Her hands continue up my chest and over my shoulders. I slide my hands around her waist until they're grasping her back. "I like it very much."

I pull her close until her body is pressed firmly against mine. She feels so tiny in my arms-and so breakable. She rises onto her tiptoes like she did earlier and our mouths are as close as they can be without touching. "Enough to do it again?"

I shouldn't want to kiss her again but I do. "I'd very much like to do it again."

And I almost do before someone rings the buzzer. I spin my head in the direction of the sound because I remember the door is unlocked. I hope whoever it is doesn't open it and walk in on us. "Someone's at the door." That was a stupid thing to say since I'm stating the obvious.

"Should I stay in here out of sight while you answer it?"

"No." I take her hand and lead her from the bathroom. "There won't be any fooling whoever it is. They'll smell you and become worried when they don't see you sitting safely in my office." After she sits, I lean down and briefly kiss her lips. "Try to look calm and act like we didn't do what we just did."

She leans up and nips my lip. "Okay. I'll try."

I find Curry on the other side of the door when I open it. "Sorry to bother you since your door was closed but Avery isn't in her bed and we can't find her anywhere."

His sniffer must be on the fritz since he doesn't register her scent. I guess it's the whole vampire morphing into a human thing-which is probably good-or he'd likely smell her on me since she's freshly on my lips. And in my mouth.

I swing the door open a little wider so he's able to see her sitting in my office. She waves from where she's sitting. "All is well, Curry. Sol and I are just talking about his decision to leave. I've told him he doesn't have to on my account. I think we've worked out our issues so it looks like he'll be staying after all. Isn't that great news?"

He looks back to me. "Worked it out, huh?"

"Yeah. Working might be a better choice of words. We weren't quite finished talking but I think it's safe to say that you can expect things to be much different between us from now on."

"Then I shall leave you to finish your peace talks." Curry looks back at Avery to address her. "I'll let Jenn know you've not gone missing. She was sort of freaking out because she couldn't find you."

"I certainly appreciate you putting her mind at rest." Damn. She's such a good actress she almost has me fooled.

"No problem."

I shut the door and fall into the seat next to Avery. "I hate lying to my best friend."

"And I'm gonna hate lying to my sister but we agreed it's what we have to do because they won't understand or accept what we're doing." She places her hand on my leg and strokes it. "This is our decision. Not theirs."

"I know but we have to be careful. I don't think it's a good idea for us to disappear into my office with me coming out smelling like you. Curry's losing a lot of his vampires senses but the others aren't. They're going to smell you all-over me. I can pass tonight off if I stay in here for a few hours but we need to have a plan for how to handle this in the future."

She lifts a strand of her hair and twists it around her finger as she thinks. It's something I've noticed her doing many times. "How can we be together the way we want if they're always going to smell me on you?"

There's only one solution. "I think the safest time would be in the mornings after they're asleep so your scent will have time to fade before they're awake again."

"But if they're asleep, you should be too."

Sleep isn't an issue for me. I've been doing without it for a while. "Let that be my problem to deal with."

"I don't want you to harm yourself by being awake during the day."

Knowing she worries about me makes my heart melt. "I won't. I've been doing this for a while, you know?"

She gets up from her chair and sits in my lap. "How long is a while?"

I'm old as hell and I wonder if it'll bother her. "I was twenty-five when I was turned so I was born three hundred years ago."

She looks surprised. I don't think she had any idea I was that old. "So you've been a vampire for two hundred and seventy-five years?"

I place my hand on her lower back and massage. "Does that bother you?"

"Not at all. I like older men." She breaks into a mischievous grin as she leans down to kiss me.

When we pull away I look into her eyes trying to decide how young I think she is. "What is your age?"

"I'm twenty." I think she interprets the look on my face as a direct indicator of the distress I feel because she quickly adds, "But I'll be twenty-one next month." As if one year really makes a difference.

I'm silent for a good minute before I'm able to respond. "Shit, Avery. You're even younger than Chansey." I remember the hard time I gave Curry about having a relationship with a young girl. I may have even called her a child but at least she turned out to be his intended. Now I'm doing whatever this is with an even younger girl and she isn't my mate so I have no excuse.

"I'm not a child so don't go there. I feel much older than twenty after the things I've been through."

"I know and I'm so sorry for everything you've experienced in your short life. I wish I could take it all away for you." She leans over and places her head on my shoulder. She's curled up like a child in my lap so I put my arms around her to hold her close. "Don't worry. Vincent will never get to you again."

The mention of her former captor sends her heart racing. "You don't know that. That monster could find me years from now."

I should tell her about the oath to protect her. Maybe it'll put her at ease knowing I've sworn to always be near her and keep her from being harmed. "What do you know about sacred vows-I mean the kind a vampire makes?"

"Nothing."

"I want you to look at me when I say this." She sits upright and twists in my lap so she can see me. "A sacred vow occurs when a vampire makes a pledge. It's an oath that exists for the lifetime of the vampire so it isn't taken lightly because it's unbreakable and can't be undone. It's a very old tradition but because there's no going back, very few vampires practice this." I take her hand in mine and grasp it tightly. Even if it's only in the background, I'll forever be a part of her life and I have no idea what her reaction will be. "I've declared only one sacred vow in my two hundred and seventy-five years as a vampire. It is to keep you safe at any cost."

I see her drawing a conclusion. "By any cost, you mean ... "

"I will die protecting you if necessary."

She's upset. "No. I don't want that. I'd never want you to die for me."

Good thing it isn't her choice to make. "It's done and there's no undoing it."

"When did you do this?"

"The morning Curry brought you to the compound. And I'm not sorry. I'd do it again if given the choice."

She places her palm against my face. "I can't believe you did that for me."

I move her hand to my mouth and kiss it. "I am your protector. Always."

She leans forward and places her forehead against mine. I feel her sweet breath against my lips and I can't resist kissing them. She welcomes my tongue into her mouth and I reel over all the sensations rushing toward me at once. I remember the way I felt when I kissed Lisette but it could never come close to rivaling this.

Avery rises and turns so she may position a knee on each side of my hips. She lowers herself to straddle me and wraps her arms around my neck. I watch her finger tap against the pulsation in her neck as she tilts her head to invite me closer. "Kiss me right here."

I know what she's doing. She wants me to drink from her again. I won't but I lean forward to place my lips against the throbbing vessel because I want to taste her skin.

She places her hand on the back of my head and presses my mouth against her throat. "I want you to drink from me again."

"It's too soon."

"It's not. Twice in the same day is nothing to me. I'll be fine."

I know her body can withstand a large blood loss but that isn't the point. "Fine isn't good enough for me. I want you healthy and glowing."

"I would definitely glow if we connected like we did a few minutes ago."

Humans aren't meant to have their blood drained so often. "Drinking from you too soon is hazardous to your health and I think we just covered how committed I am to your safety and well-being."

She sucks my lip into her mouth. "You'd never hurt me."

We needed boundaries. "That's right. I wouldn't and that's why I won't drink from you more than once every three days. Your body needs time to compensate for the blood loss."

"Three days? I don't want to go that long without intertwining myself with you." A sad look comes over her face. "Unless you don't want me."

I can't believe she's trying to pull that card on me. "You don't need to hear me tell you how much I want you. You can feel it."

"You're right. I do." She puts her head on my shoulder and nuzzles against my neck. "Won't you need blood more often than every few days?"

Not as of lately. "I can do without."

"I don't want you doing without. You wouldn't ask me to not eat."

She doesn't understand what it's like for me. Hell, I didn't even understand. But things had changed. "I don't need as much blood as I once did. I can easily go three days between feeding."

"But Sebastian partakes of the blood swans every day and he's older than you."

"I think he probably does it mostly for the companionship. He can't possibly require blood every day if I don't."

She lifts her face and looks me right in my eyes. "Promise you'll come to me if you need to feed."

"I will. I promise."

"Do you think it'll be hard to pretend nothing is going on between us when we're with the others?"

I feel like quite the actor. "I've been pretending everything was normal between us for months now. I think I'm pretty damn good at it if I do say so myself."

"Your poker face is quite good. No one suspects anything so I guess we'll continue as we were but how are we going to do ... this?"

"We wait and you'll come to me on the third morning when the others are sleeping."

"But I don't want to wait that long to be with you again. Can we see each other the mornings you don't drink from me?"

Vampires associate with their blood dolls for very few reasons other than the drinking of their blood but that isn't what was happening here. I couldn't give a name to what we were doing just yet but it definitely wasn't that. "I'd like that very much."

Chapter Four

Three days. That's how long it's been since I drank from Avery but this morning will put an end to our wait.

We've been thieves stealing every available moment together and taken far more chances than we should. It's becoming harder each day to not allow myself to look at her for too long. Touching her at dinner is now pure torment because it always ends too soon. I almost blew it last night when I held her hand for too long after the sacrament and I strongly suspect Jenn noticed. I'm almost certain of it.

It's dawn and the others are down for the day. Avery should come to me at any moment and I'm impatient to have her in my arms. It has nothing to do with drinking her blood and never has; I don't need it. I just want to share our special coalesce again.

And return her most treasured possession.

The buzzer rings and I streak toward the door to open it. I can't walk at human speed because I'm too anxious about having her close. I'm enchanted by her-not that I'd want to break free of the spell she's cast over me.

I open the door and she gives me that look-the one that tells me she can't wait to be in my arms with my mouth pressed against her skin.

I suddenly feel timid about what we're going to do. "Hi."

"Hi." Her hands are behind her back and she's twisting back and forth as she shrugs her shoulders and tilts her head to the side. She looks so sweet and innocent. It's a great look on her.

As if possible, I want her more than ever.

She brings her hands from where they're hidden behind her back and I take them so I can pull her into my office. Once she's inside, I push the door closed. And lock it. I don't want anyone walking in and interrupting what comes next.

I can't wait to touch and kiss her so I pull her close. She puts her hands over my shoulders and leans in, pressing her body into mine. Our lips touch and she opens her mouth to invite my tongue inside. She tastes so good-all sweet and minty.

I feel her mouth spread into a smile. "Today took it's sweet time getting here."

"I couldn't agree more."

"How do you want to do it this time? The bathroom again? Or would you be willing to try something ... different?"

All of what she just said sounded naughty. "Sounds like you have something in mind."

"I do if you're up for it."

She wasn't the only one that had been thinking about this for days. "I'll try anything you want."

She takes my hands and leads me around to my chair behind the desk. She puts her hands on my chest and pushes. "Sit." I do as she says and she climbs onto my lap-a knee on each side of my hips-so she's straddling me. I think she likes this position.

Oh, hell. There it is again-that intoxicating aroma that takes over and controls my brain anytime when we're close like this.

She reaches for her hair and pulls it away from her neck so it falls over one shoulder. "I want to try doing it like this if it's okay with you."

Hell, yeah. I'm on board.

She's amazing, simply amazing. "I'm good with this." That's such an understatement. I'm well beyond okay with it.

"Perfect." She leans closer and tilts her head. She's trembling. I might mistake that for fear if I didn't feel her emotions but I know better. It's desire. She wants this as much as I do and it's the ultimate turn-on.

I press my mouth against her neck to kiss it but I don't pierce the vein just yet. I have other things I want to do first.

I splay my hands over the small of her back and pull her body close to mine. She grinds her hips against me and I breathe in the surrounding aroma. It pushes me to want-maybe even commands me-to do things I shouldn't.

She grips the back of my head and presses my mouth to her pulsating vein. I go from wanting to kiss her sweetly to being driven toward something entirely different. Something ... more. Something ... human. And I feel myself being taken over by an intense desire to be joined to her but it has nothing to do with the consumption of her blood.

"No more waiting." She leans back and brings me with her, my mouth never breaking contact with her skin. "Bite me now, Sol. I don't want to go another second without feeling you."

I want more but I'm confused by the means of how to obtain it. The act of drinking from her is the only method we have for creating the special fusion we covet so much.

I want to merge with her just as much as she does-maybe even more-so she doesn't have to ask again. My incisors are out and ready. They lengthened the moment her intoxicating aroma hit my senses.

I pierce her vein quickly. She moans and slightly jerks when my sharp teeth enter her tender skin. I didn't think I liked this-the part where I cause her pain-but it's the complete opposite. She relishes the pleasure behind the pain so that makes me enjoy doing it. It's another unexpected surprise.

I retract my razor sharp teeth from her skin and her blood pulsates into my mouth as I take a part of her body into my own. One swallow-that's all it takes of Avery's precious blood for us to be melded in a way I could have never imagined before this moment.

I'm able to feel Avery inside and out as I drink from her so there's no room for doubt. This woman loves me. And I love her. Words aren't required for us to declare this but I'm a vampire and she's a human. It shouldn't be possible for either of us to have these affections and desires for one another.

I slip my hands under Avery's shirt and allow my fingertips to roam the bare skin of her lower back. I slide my hands upward and run them over her bra. I feel the clasp beneath my fingers and I'm confused by the desire I have to unfasten it.

I wonder what she'd say? Would she slap my hands away? I feel the crazy desire raging inside her and know she wouldn't. She'd like it very much if I touched her that way but I'm terrified. I don't know how to do things like that.

I stop drinking from Avery before I'd like but I end it because I don't want to harm her by taking too much. She braces the back of my head and attempts to hold me in place as I pull away. "Don't stop."

I lick the puncture holes on her neck to cease the bleeding. "I have to, baby doll."

She straightens and looks at me. "Baby doll? Where did that come from?"

It's a name for someone precious to you. And that's what she is-precious to me. "I don't want to call you blood doll. It's too much like calling you a whore and that's not what you are to me."

She brushes her thumb over my bottom lip. "What am I to you?"

That was the question I couldn't stop rolling around in my head and I still didn't have the answer. "I don't think I know. I'm still trying to figure that out."

She sighs. "I'm still trying to figure it out too. But I like it whatever it is."

Like didn't seem to be the right word but I'd roll with it since it's what she had used. "I do too. I like it a lot." I kiss the wound I just made on her neck and lick it again to encourage its healing so it would hopefully be mended before the others awakened tonight. They definitely don't need to see puncture marks on her body or the jig will be up.

"Would you ever consider drinking from another part of my body?"

There were lots of places we could use but I loved her neck because I had great access to her mouth. "Do you have something in mind?"

"Yeah." She casts her eyes down. "Would you be willing to try it next time?"

She's nervous. And it's adorable. "I will try any place you want. All you have to do is ask."

"Okay. I want to experiment next time." She kisses my mouth and tugs on my bottom lip with her teeth. "I'm taking vitamins because I want you to drink as much as you need."

"My body no longer requires much. I already take more than I need because I'm prolonging the way I feel you when your blood is entering my body."

"It ends too quickly."

She's pouting. And again, it's adorable. "Longer isn't safe for you."

"But I'm fine. I don't feel the loss at all. I'm a blood jewel. I can withstand losing a greater volume of blood than the average human."

She could have a point. She tolerated chronic large volume loss when she was with Vincent. "I suppose you could be right."

"I want you to think about amending our agreement."

We only had one pact so I knew exactly what she meant. "How so?"

"Let's try two days instead of three."

I wasn't into bending rules when it came to her health and safety. "No."

"Just think about it. Please. For me."

I swear she can talk me into anything. I wonder if she knows that. "I'll think about it." A huge grin forms on her face. "I didn't say yes."

"But you will."

She seems so sure of herself. "Okay, Miss know-it-all. I have something for you." This thing I was about to do made me nervous as hell. It could go really well or really bad.

Her eyes gleam like those of a hopeful child. "You're nervous. What is it?"

I use my feet to roll the chair a bit so I can lean over and reach into the desk drawer to my left. "First, you have to close your eyes."

She does as I ask while nibbling her bottom lip. I think it's her attempt to stop the smile threatening to spread across her face. Her effort is unsuccessful because she's grinning despite her best effort.

I dangle her surprise in front of her. "You can open your eyes now."

She's given up the fight and is beaming when she opens her eyes. "I love sur ..." She stops mid-sentence as she sees the white gold butterfly dangling from my fingers. "My pendant." She reaches out to touch it. "I thought it was lost forever. Where did you find it?"

Here came the tricky part. I didn't know if she would be angry with me for taking it from her the first night we met. "Don't be mad."

"Why would I be mad? You just returned my most cherished treasure to me." She's holding it to her chest, close to her heart.

I clear my throat. "I didn't just find it. I took it from your neck after Vincent made me drink from you."

"But why?"

"I wanted a keepsake so I could remember how you made me feel. I know it was wrong but I had no idea how special it was to you when I slipped it off your neck. I didn't know it was a gift from your mother. Then Curry told me how you made him go back into Vincent's to look for it and I knew what a huge mistake I had made. And then it seemed like you hated me after you came home with Curry so there was never a good time to return it to you. Until now."

She takes the necklace from her chest and stares at it in her palm. She's silent and I'm on the verge of asking her if she's angry when she lifts her face and tears are rolling down each of her cheeks. "Thank you."

"I didn't know how you'd react. I was so afraid you'd be angry at me."

She kisses my forehead. "I don't think I could ever be angry with you." She passes the necklace back to me and lifts her hair. "Would you?"

"Of course." I fasten the clasp so the butterfly is returned to its rightful place in the dip of Avery's throat and I'm reminded of the old saying. "You didn't let it go but it still came back so that means it's yours."

Chapter Five

Two days. That's how long it's been since I drank from Avery. And I don't want to wait another day. Correction-I can't wait another day. I'm not certain I'll make it until dawn with the way I've had my baby doll on my mind all night. That's why I'm sneaking into her bedroom at three in the morning instead of waiting a couple of hours for the others to go down for the day.

She's sleeping. And dreaming. She's having a pleasant one and I wonder what it's about. I hate to wake her from it but I'm greedy this morning. I want her. Now.

I place my hand over her mouth before I turn on her bedside lamp. Her eyes pop open and I hear her muffled scream beneath my hand. I place a single finger from my free hand over my lips and she understands because she quietens down.

Her heart is still pounding hard-although she realizes it's me-because I've just scared the shit out of her. I wish I could give her an explanation but I can't without the others overhearing so I tug on her hands to pull her out of bed. It's a gesture she understands.

I grasp her hand as I lead her out of her bedroom and we're silent as we walk toward my office. I close the door once we're inside and we're cut off from the rest of the house. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to frighten you but there was no other way to wake you. I had to cover your mouth because I knew you'd scream if I didn't."

She looks at the clock on the wall and I recognize her confusion. "What's wrong?"

"Nothing." I take her hands in mine and pull her to me. I wrap my arms around her and kiss the side of her neck just below her ear. "I couldn't wait another minute to see you. I miss having you in my arms."

"Mmm ... I miss being in your arms." She leans into me and my mouth finds hers but this kiss is different from any we've shared before. This one is urgent. And needy.

I trail my mouth down her neck but remember our conversation about trying a different spot next time I fed. "You mentioned trying a new place the next time I drank from you?"

"No three day wait?" Her voice is breathy. And desperate.

"No. I can't wait another day. I need to be with you. To feel you."

Her hands find mine and she walks backwards toward my desk. She hops up after pushing some papers aside and slides her silk gown up her legs to reveal her thighs. I can't stop my eyes from following the black silk as it rises. She points to her femoral artery in the bend of her leg. "I thought you might like to try this one."

I stand there speechless as I swallow hard. I've drunk from the femoral of others many times and it never phased me. Until now. I was definitely feeling excited about the prospect of drinking from Avery's thigh.

She looks sad when I don't reply. "You don't want to?"

I step closer and put my arms around her. "It's not that, baby doll."

"Then what is it?" she whispers.

I don't know what it is. "I have so many new emotions when I'm with you but I don't know what any of them mean."

She pulls away so she can see my face. "Do you want to talk about it?"

There it is again. That smell. My mind goes to mush every time it comes around. "No. Right now I want my mouth on you." I drop to my knees in front of Avery. I grasp her thighs and pull her across my desk until her bottom is on the edge. She releases her gown and grasps the corner of the desk because she's afraid of falling. "Don't worry. I won't let you fall. Ever."

She relaxes and releases her grip. I'm looking up at her from where I'm kneeling between her knees and she reaches out to run one of her hands through the top of my hair. "I'm falling ... but in a different kind of way."

I kiss the top of her knee. "So I'm not the only one?"

"No. Not by a long shot."

I move up and kiss the inside of her thigh. "Good. I'm happy to hear that." She opens her legs to give me full access and I'm taken over by the scent as I kiss her higher on the inside of her opposite leg. I place my lips against the pulsation in the bend of her leg but look up at her face before piercing it. "This is a big vessel. It bleeds fast and hard once I puncture it so I want you to tell me if you feel woozy at all while I'm drinking."

"I will."

"Lean back and rest on your elbows. It'll be more comfortable if your leg isn't bent so much."

She repositions and I'm wishing we were in her bedroom instead of this office. But that isn't safe this time of night. "Are you okay?"

"Perfect."

I push the edge of her underwear up for better access to her artery and see that her skin is bare and smooth beneath her black satin panties. It's not at all what I was expecting. That's when I realize I actually had expectations so I'm forced to admit I have been thinking about her body entirely more than what any vampire would consider normal. And it certainly wasn't natural to be thinking about her body beneath her panties.

"What's wrong?" She has a concerned look on her face and I sense her worry but I'm not certain what sparked it. Perhaps it's the look on my face and she's afraid I've changed my mind.

"Nothing is wrong." I kiss her groin again. "I guess I'm just a little surprised by this."

"By what?" She has no idea what I'm referring to.

I divert my eyes toward her panties. "You're smooth there."

"Oh." She blushes crimson. "You don't like it?"

Why would a man not like it? "No, it's not that. I just wasn't expecting it. I'm surprised. That's all."

"It's not a problem for you?"

It most definitely could be a problem but not for the reasons she suspects. I like it far more than I should-just like everything else about her. "Not at all."

She leans back again. "Good. I don't want anything distracting you."

Was she kidding me? It wasn't possible to not be distracted by what was a mere two inches to the right of my nose and mouth.

I shook my head as if to clear its preoccupation and then sank my teeth into the vessel that would bring me and Avery as close as two people could possibly be. It's like a geyser-both the blood and the link we are sharing. Large gushes of Avery's blood pulsate into my mouth after I withdraw my teeth so I swallow fast. I knew this artery would be generous but I had forgotten how much so until the force of the first surge hits my tongue.

The tie occurring between us is different this time. It's much more powerful than anything we've experienced thus far. I'm uncertain if it's because I'm taking in a larger volume of blood at a faster rate or if it's ... something else. I'm able to go deeper into her mind than ever before and that's when I see the depth of her affection for me. She loves me in a way I didn't know was possible. Unconditionally.

It's overwhelming. And it scares the hell out of me. We shouldn't be doing this.

I jerk away from Avery and blood gushes from her wound, streaming down her leg to form a puddle on the floor. She sits up on my desk and looks down at the spurt coming from the bend of her leg. Her confusion is unmistakable. I would see it in her expression even if I didn't know it from the union our minds and hearts share.

I've yanked the rug from beneath her. And I feel terrible.

"I'm so sorry." I lower my mouth to her groin to stop the hemorrhage. I'm glad I must use it to close the two bleeding punctures because it gives me an excuse to not explain the way I just freaked out. But it's only temporary.

I can't look at her face when I finish. I don't want to see the perplexity in her eyes. Nor do I want her to see the shame in mine.

I'm staring at the large puddle of blood on the wood flooring of my office. "I should wipe this up before the others smell it."

I step away from her so I can grab a towel from the bathroom but she places her hand on my lower arm and stops me. She isn't letting me get away without talking this over first. "That was different. And extremely intense."

I find comfort in hearing her admit that it was a powerful experience for her as well but I still feel like I owe her an explanation for my reaction. "Your blood flowed more forcefully than I expected. I didn't remember how quickly that vessel would bleed out and yours seemed to be gushing." She knows I'm using that as an excuse for my response but it isn't the part she wants me to clarify. "It was startling to be so deep within your mind. I wasn't prepared for it and then I worried it was happening because I was taking too much blood."

She brushes her fingers through my hair as she watches my eyes. "You have to stop being afraid and enjoy the things we do."

I never want her to think I don't cherish her. "Enjoy doesn't even begin to describe how much I relish our relationship and the way we come together."

"Good. Can we agree that what's happening between us is beautiful-and that it's a gift-so we should treat it as such and stop feeling guilty about taking pleasure in one another?"

I hadn't thought of it that way. Avery is right. And she is what makes this beautiful. She is the gift. "You're right."

"I'm glad you're starting to see things my way." She grabs my hands and pulls me closer. "Because I can't wait to see what happens when we do this again."

Chapter Six

I'm beginning to think I could be addicted to Avery.

We originally agreed I would drink from her every three days. Three quickly became two. That decision lasted no time at all before it progressed to daily. Now, we're stealing every possible moment behind closed doors.

And I'm waiting to get caught any day now. It's only a matter of time.

It's been a long night-too damn long-but dawn is finally approaching. The others have gone to bed for the day with the exception of Curry and Chansey. They're trying to keep the babies on a normal routine sleep schedule. But it doesn't matter. They have soundproof sleeping quarters and Curry no longer has the ability to hear or smell like he once did.

Avery and I are safe to do whatever we want with one another this morning-and there's a whole lot I'd like to do with her. Things are progressively becoming more and more heated each time we're together. I'm still not sure what's happening between us but I don't have to understand what it is for me to be able to enjoy it. I only know I never want it to stop.

We've outgrown my office. There's only so much we can do in there and I think we're both ready to explore other avenues of this bizarre relationship we have.

I slowly open Avery's bedroom door and see her sit up in her bed as I come inside. I lock the door behind me because we need no interruptions or surprises even if the others are asleep or preoccupied with taking care of babies.

There's just enough light spilling into the room that I can see her smile. "I thought you'd never come."

She's very alert for someone just waking up. "You haven't slept tonight?"

"I tried but I couldn't. All I could do was think about being with you this morning."

She's blushing and we both know why. We're staying in her bedroom for the first time instead of going to my office. "It's been the only thing on my mind all night as well."

She scoots toward the center of the bed and tosses the comforter back before she pats the mattress.

Our meetings had become longer and more frequent but they'd never taken place in a bed. Those kinds of encounters only happen in my imagination and right now I want nothing more than to lie next to her. "You're sure?"

Her heart is hammering inside her chest as she smiles sheepishly and nods. There's no way I could resist an invitation like that from her.

I slide into bed next to her and she snuggles against me firmly as I use my arm to pull her closer. Being in bed with a woman is new to me. I have no idea if Avery has ever shared a bed with a man but the thought of her doing so ignites a pang of jealousy. "Have you done this before?" Wow. That sort of sounded like I was climbing into bed with her so we could have sex.

She snuggles closer. "You mean lie in bed with a man?"

"Yeah." It comes out as a whisper.

She giggles. "No. I realize how unbelievable that sounds in this day and time. I've never been in love so I wouldn't have a reason to be in bed with a man if I didn't love him."

Thank the gods. "I wasn't raised during these times so it isn't unbelievable to me."

She lifts her head from my chest. "Have you ever shared a bed with a woman?"

She's watching my eyes. I think she's doing it because she wants to make sure I'm being truthful but she'd realize it was unnecessary if she thought about it. I can't lie to her. She'd feel it through our bond. "When I was human, a man didn't share a bed with a woman unless she was his wife or a whore-neither of which I've ever had."

My virginal status makes her grin. "I was going to ask if you had ever been married but I guess the virgin thing rules that out."

"I was betrothed to a woman when I was turned by Thatcher. Her name was Lisette." I can't believe I'm going to tell her what happened. I've shared the story with so few people but I want to tell her for some reason. "I didn't understand what was happening to me during the change and I revealed myself as a vampire to her. She begged me to change her after the shock wore off-so I tried- but it didn't end well for her. I still don't understand what went wrong. I drained her and she drank my blood. It should have worked but instead of giving her immortality, I killed her."

"Did you love her?" Her voice is sad.

Here I go. I'm going to tell her how I feel although I suspect she already knows. It could be the best thing I've ever done. Or the worst. "I thought I did ... until I met you."

Her expression becomes very serious as her heart speeds. "What does that mean?"

I rise from lying on my back and roll so Avery is pinned beneath me. I prop my elbows on each side of her head and cradle her face in my hands. "Dammit! I know I'm not supposed to but I can't help myself. I love you, Avery. With all my heart and soul, I love you."

She isn't shocked so I was right. She knew all along. "I love you too." Her hands slide through the back of my hair and she pulls my mouth down to hers so she can plant soft kisses but they quickly become fast and urgent, causing my head to spin.

My mouth leaves hers and I start a path of kisses down her neck. Her hands move from my hair to my shoulders and then down my back. Her breathing turns to panting-much like my own-and I feel her tugging upward on my shirt. I reach over my head with one hand and grab it by the neck. One smooth pull is all it takes to get it off and I toss it out of the way onto the floor.

She places her palms on my bare chest and rubs her thumbs in circular motions over my ni**les. Her touch causes them to become hard and I can't resist the urge to look down at them. Whoa ... that's never happened-at least not while I've been a vampire.

I lower myself and return to kissing Avery's neck when her sweet intoxicating scent floods my senses. "You smell so good." I move my mouth lower and push the top of her nightgown down so I can kiss her br**sts.

I hear Avery moan when she arches her back from the bed and she brings her legs up to wrap around my waist. "Mmm ... ohh. Don't stop."

Not a chance of that happening.

I migrate further south and this time I push the bottom of her gown above her hips so I can place kisses against her flat stomach. She's squirming hard beneath me so I grasp her hips and dip my tongue into her bellybutton. "Oh ... oh ... oh."

I'm right there hovering above what seems to be the source of her intoxicating scent. I press my nose to the waistband of her panties and draw a deep breath before I lift my face to look at Avery. She knows this is me asking permission without uttering a word so she lifts her bottom from the bed. "Take 'em off."

I slide my fingers into the skinny bands on each of her hips and pull the two tiny triangles down her legs so they can be added to my shirt on the floor. She sits up and wiggles until she has her gown up and over her head before she reaches for the tie of my linen sleep pants. Once they're gone, I lower my naked body against hers and I covet the feel of her warmth against me.

She parts her legs again, this time without a barrier between our bodies. It's simultaneously the most amazing feeling I've ever experienced while being the scariest and most confusing moment of my existence. I remember the mechanics of what happens when a man desires a woman but I'm puzzled by the whys. This hasn't happened since I was human. And it shouldn't be happening now.

She wiggles beneath me until my erection is positioned at her entrance. "Do it. I want you to."

This is something I never thought I'd hear a woman say to me. I feel like I have the physical ability but what if I'm wrong? "I'm not sure I can. Vampires aren't supposed to be able to do this."

She rocks her body against mine, testing the water. "I believe you can. Unless you don't want to."

How can she think I don't want this with her? "It's definitely not that. I want to. Bad. Don't think for one second I don't. And I feel like I can but I'm afraid I'm wrong and I don't want to disappoint you."

She lifts her hips to coax me. "Don't be scared. We were made for this. I've never been more sure of anything in my life."

There's no way I'm taking the time to ponder why I suddenly have the ability to do something vampires aren't supposed to be capable of doing. I'm not ruining this moment with her.

I push against her body and enter slowly. Her eyes are squeezed tightly and her hands are clenched around my biceps as I go deeper. She gasps against my ear and her entire body tenses-a clear indicator of the pain I'm causing-so I become motionless. She kisses the space below my ear before she whispers, "Don't stop."

"But I'm hurting you," I whisper. "I don't want to do that."

She brings her legs up around my waist. "You're not. And you never would." She tightens the grip of her legs and squeezes until I'm fully inside her. "I want you. And I want this."

I couldn't deny her if I tried. I'm powerless to stop what is happening between us. It feels as though something else is in control of my body-and while it's utterly amazing-what's happening in my head isn't any less astonishing. "I love you so much, Avery."

I'm moving above her and she reaches up to touch my face with her fingertips. "I love you too, Sol."

I lower myself to kiss this woman but her lips aren't enough. I want my mouth all over her. I want to taste her skin. And her blood.

Although I've drunk from her regularly the past few weeks, I've never wanted her blood before this moment. It was the experience that accompanied drinking from her. But the desire building within me is different.

I fight the desire I feel to lower my mouth to the throbbing pulsation in her neck. I don't want to ruin this beautiful thing happening but the hunger for her blood is overpowering. As hard as I try, I can't ignore the craving.

I turn and press my face into my inner arm to keep from biting her neck. "Something is happening to me."

"I know. I feel it too." She hooks her hands around my neck and pulls me closer. She locks her ankles behind my waist while arching her back from the bed and her neck is completely exposed as she turns her head. "I want to feed both of your hungers."

Is she telling me to bite her? "What are you saying?"

"I want you to drink my blood while you make love to me."

Another wave of her scent floods me and all self-control is lost as I put my mouth over the pulsation of her jugular. Her lush vein thumps against my lip as my incisors lengthen and then it's done. I taste her blood in my mouth.

I greedily drink from this woman I adore. Nothing is comparable to this-what I'm sharing with Avery right now. I've never experienced anything so intense. Or loving. Ever.

I'm experiencing the best of both worlds. My body is in full-blown ecstasy and it's far better than anything I experienced as a vampire-even my first taste of blood. I thought nothing could top that. But it has. Making love to Avery tops any and everything.

I have a fast track directly linked to her emotions. I have no doubt about the depth of her feelings for me as we make love. Her affection feels much like a bubble growing until I think it'll burst. The purity of her love is so unexpected.

I take a part of her body into my own as I drink from her but I give her a part of mine as well when I empty myself inside her for the first time. She relaxes her legs around my waist and I seal the wound on her neck. I'm too stunned to move so I'm still hovering above her but I can see the astonishment in her eyes. "Wowww."

I gain some composure and roll off of her to my back. "Yeah ... wow."

We're lying on our backs but looking at one another. "I thought vampires didn't make love."

I'm at a loss. "They don't. Ever. Nor do they have the desire to."

Her hand finds mine and she squeezes it. "Well we did and it wasn't just sex. It was something else as well. Did you feel it?"

I'm not experienced in the sex department but even I know that wasn't a normal act of intimacy. "Yes. There was definitely more to it."

"I think there's something I need to tell you." I hear the worry in her voice but I never want her to be frightened to tell me anything.

"Okay."

She breathes in deeply and her lips puff out as she exhales. "I sensed your existence long before the night you came to Vincent's. I've felt your presence for as long as I can remember. I've always known someone was missing from my life but I didn't know who until our eyes met through that crowd of vampires at Vincent's. I knew you were the one I had been waiting for my entire life."

Am I wrong about why I'm so beguiled by her? It's not because she's a blood jewel? "I was drawn to you the second I laid eyes on you. I wanted to rescue and protect you but I had no idea why. It almost killed me to walk out of that house without you in my arms."

She closes her eyes and smiles. "Do you feel that? What's happening between us right now?"

I know exactly what she's talking about. It's our special connection-the intense one we feel while I'm drinking directly from her. This is the strongest it's ever been. "Yes. I feel how happy-but confused-you are right now."

She opens her eyes and her brow wrinkles in confusion. "And I sense the same about you but you don't seem quite as confused as me. I think you understand what's happening."

I'd call it hopeful suspicion. "Do you have a birthmark?"

"Yeah but what does that have to do with anything?"

My hope gains momentum. "I need to see it."

"Okay." She rises to a sitting position and rolls her left shoulder forward. Her right arm crosses her chest and she reaches around to point at her upper shoulder blade. "Right here. But I must tell you that it's the most peculiar looking birthmark you'll ever see. It looks like an albino butterfly."

And there it is-a most beloved sight. It's what I wanted to see more than anything in the world. I think it's the proof of what I suspect. I can't stop the happy laughter erupting from my lips as I reach out to touch it. "Oh, Avery."

"What?"

I playfully push her down onto the bed and climb over her. I grasp her face and kiss her hard before looking into her eyes. "This may sound crazy but I think you're my agape."

Chapter Seven

Curry and Sebastian are looking at me from across my desk as they wait to hear the reason I've asked them to join me in my office. How do I do this? I haven't a clue. How do I dare to explain how I've been secretly drinking from Avery for weeks? Or worse-what happened between us in her bedroom this morning?

Worse is the wrong choice of words. If she's my agape then what happened was natural. And inevitable. But what if I'm wrong and she's not what I think she is?

Sitting here in silence is becoming awkward. I don't know how to start this conversation so I'm glad when Curry finally asks, "Is everything all right with you?"

We'll see if it is after I get their verdict. "Something has happened. It's quite serious and it may or may not cause you both to be extremely angry with me."

They glance at one another and a quick look passes between them before they turn back to me. For a moment I'm afraid they already know everything that's been happening between me and Avery but I decide it's my guilty conscience causing me to jump to conclusions.

Curry clears his throat. "You can tell us anything. We won't judge."

We'd see about that. "I love Avery. I have from the first moment I saw her but I didn't realize it was affection that I was feeling. I assumed her blood was siren-like and was calling out to me because I hadn't drunk it. But then Curry brought her here and I realized he wasn't being drawn to her the way I was."

This catches Sebastian's attention because he sits up and appears very interested. "And you felt this way about her before you drank her blood?"

"Yes. And I discovered something strange while drinking from her that night. Her blood didn't appeal to me at all but the act of drinking from her was ... beautiful. We connected on an entirely different level. It was like nothing I've ever experienced. And afterwards-I could still feel her." I place my hand over my heart. "There hasn't been a moment I haven't felt her right here since that night."

Sebastian is rubbing his chin, as he tends to do when he's mulling something over in his mind. "Have you and Avery discussed this?"

And the plot thickens. "Not until a few weeks ago. I've spent the last few months believing she was terrified of me. She always seemed so nervous and her heart was always pounding erratically every time we were close. Turns out I was wrong about why. She came to me the night I announced I was leaving and asked me to stay."

"That was several weeks ago and you haven't said a word about it," Curry says.

This was where things could go downhill fast. "We agreed that something special happened between us when I drank from her but neither of us understood what it was. She wanted to explore it more-and so did I-so she asked me to make her my blood doll."

Curry closes his eyes and rubs his lids with his hand. "Tell me you didn't."

It was time to admit what I'd been doing. "I didn't want to make her my blood whore but it's what she wanted and I find it impossible to deny her the things she asks of me. I must admit it's what I wanted too so I started drinking from her."

Sebastian's expression is calm and collected as always. "I guess that explains why you stopped taking blood from the swans at dinner."

"Avery wanted to be the only one." Wanted isn't the right word. Insisted would be a much better fit.

"How often do you drink from her?" Sebastian asks.

"It was every three days in the beginning."

He lifts a brow and I'm guessing it's because he's reading into the last part of my admission. "And now?"

"Twice daily." I feel like I should defend myself. "But I don't do it for her blood. We do it for the connection we share while I'm drinking. The blood just happens to be part of it." I hear my words and realize how much I sound like a junkie in denial.

Curry looks ready to explode. And then he does. "I can't believe you've been doing this for weeks. You're addicted to her. You knew there was a chance this could happen and you chose to take the risk because you think something special happened. Well something happened all right. You got yourself addicted to a blood jewel and now you're screwed."

He doesn't have a clue about the relationship Avery and I share. "It's not like that."

"Yeah, it is exactly like that." He's scoffing. And it pisses me off.

"You don't understand. I went to Avery in her bedroom this morning and something else happened as well." They're both looking at me waiting for the rest of the story. "Things became ... physical."

"Physical?" Curry asks. "You mean she tried to fight you off when you were drinking from her?"

"No. It was the kind of physical act involving a man and a woman." They're obviously not catching on but I shouldn't expect them to. There's no reason they would put the pieces together. "We made love the way a human man and human woman do except I drank from her while it was happening. I don't know what it is but something even greater transpired. Now we have an even stronger connection. I'm able to feel her emotions almost like I can read her mind."

Sebastian nods while wearing a solemn expression. "And she can feel your emotions as well?"

"Just as strongly." I'm about to unveil the final piece of evidence and I pray they will confirm I'm not imagining this. I want Avery as my agape. I have to have her. There is no alternative. "She bears the mark of Anteros like Chansey but it's white instead of brown."

Sebastian looks at Curry and then back to me. "Ella's was deep red, the color of port-wine."

"Is Avery my agape?" I prepare for the worst but will settle for nothing less than an affirmative.

Sebastian looks amused. "Do you really have to ask?"

I believe that's the confirmation I desperately want but I'm afraid to jump to conclusions. "I made her mine but I need to know if she's intended for me. If she isn't, another vampire could try to take her from me but I won't allow it. I will never be parted from her."

"We don't know a lot about agapes but I don't believe you could have claimed Avery as your own if she wasn't intended for you byAnteros. You've completed the final stage of the bond with her. You couldn't have done that if she wasn't yours. You might not have had the typical introduction or early relationship but every event was part of the plan to bring Avery Ferrand into your life. She is your destiny."

He confirms my suspicion and it's a huge relief. "And I am hers."

I can tell that he's happy for me. "Yes. You're her protector and will do anything to maintain her safety. You'll gladly die to keep her from harm."

He's right. I am her shield from danger and I already have my first task in mind. "Or kill."

"I know what you're thinking, Sol, but get it out of your head. Vincent has no idea where Avery is. She's safe from him so you shouldn't go looking for trouble." Curry knows me so well. Sometimes a little too well.

"I'm not going looking for trouble." I won't be the one with a problem because I won't be the one to die. "I'm simply going to introduce that bastard to his true death."

"Stop and think about this before acting out irrationally," Curry says. I'm sure he's thinking of my safety but he above anyone else should understand my reasoning.

I'll give it the same amount of consideration he did when he made the decision to run a stake through Marsala's chest. "There's nothing irrational about wanting to protect my agape. Didn't you do the same when you killed Marsala?"

"Marsala was an imminent danger to my wife and children."

I'm immediately pissed. I won't allow him to play the marriage card and make my relationship with Avery seem less important because he has chosen to observe a mundane tradition. "So Avery deserves less protection because we aren't joined in matrimony according to human law?"

He's holding his hands up defensively. "I would never suggest that Avery deserves less. I'm only pointing out that Marsala was not going to stop until she killed Chansey so she could have me and the babies. My only choice was to kill her."

He only had to think about this for one second to understand my predicament. "So please understand that I have no choice but to kill Vincent because he won't stop looking for Avery until he has her back in his clutches. You have no idea the torture she suffered by his hand. I know everything she endured and trust me. The world would be a better place without him."

"I think we all agree that he needs to die but I tend to side with Curry on the issue. She is safe from Vincent for now so you have to leave it alone. It's too risky. He and a large number of vampires are desperate to have her back. I don't dare to imagine what might happen if you found him and things didn't go well." I'm a little hurt to hear Sebastian admit he has so little faith in my abilities. "You have an agape to consider. You can't protect her if Vincent kills you."

I'm left with a different feeling when I consider Avery's fate if things didn't end well for me.

Curry's grinning. "And speaking of protection. I'm feeling certain you didn't use any with Avery this morning when you completed your bond with her."

Oh, shit. The thought of birth control couldn't have been further from my mind but Curry's right. His children were the living proof of what was possible between a vampire and his agape. "It wasn't exactly something we talked about or planned so the thought never crossed our minds."

He's laughing. "I have two little results of what happens when it doesn't cross your mind and now you could as well."

Our circumstances were different. "There wasn't an eclipse."

Curry shrugs. "Who says there has to be? We don't know that for certain. That was only a guess."

I'm throwing anything out there I can come up with. "Chansey conceived because you became more human than vampire."

"And you think you aren't? What about your days and nights being mixed up? That's been happening for a while. Have you tried to walk in the sun?"

Curry's out of his mind if he thinks I'd be so foolish to attempt that bonehead move again. "No way. I haven't had a reason to try that again. I almost fried my hand off in Pascagoula in case you've forgotten." I still can't believe I was foolish enough to think Chansey's friend Shelby could be my agape.

"You didn't have Avery in your life then," Curry argues.

His argument isn't supported by his experience with his agape. "But you were able to walk in sunlight from the moment Chansey was born."

Curry gestures for Sebastian to take the floor. "I wasn't able to tolerate the sun until Ella became a presence in my life. I think we each have our own circumstances and limitations."

Sebastian's agape didn't become pregnant but they weren't together long when she died. It's very possible she could have been expecting when she fell from her horse and broke her neck. I'm sure it's a thought that has plagued Sebastian's mind more than once since we first learned pregnancy was a possibility.

Now I'm anxious and want to know this second-which is impossible. "How long will it be before Avery and I will know if she's pregnant?"

"Chansey was a couple of months along when we confirmed her pregnancy but I'm certain she would have figured it out sooner had we known it was a possibility. You at least have that luxury."

Okay. So we wait and see if her cycle is late. If it is, she takes a pregnancy test and we'll know.

Chapter Eight

I'm walking the hall toward Avery's bedroom and I can feel each step closing the gap between us. Her scent becomes stronger. Her presence within me is more pronounced. She's anxious-so much so that it's almost overwhelming-but I don't have to guess why. She's dying to know the verdict-if she's my agape or not.

Before I'm able to knock, she opens her bedroom door. We beam at one another and don't exchange a single word but she knows the truth simply by feeling my overwhelming happiness.

She is my agape and I am her intended.

She steps closer and places one of her hands against my face. I close my eyes and lean into her palm. I crave her warm touch-because it soothes me-and she strokes her thumb over my cheekbone. I place my hand on top of hers and press it against my cool skin. "Hello, my agape."

She breathes a sigh of relief with my confirmation. I know that's what it is because I feel her rapid decline of anxiety. But it's not completely gone. Can she sense the fear I have about a potential pregnancy? I'm trying to push my angst aside but I don't have the hang of these shared emotions yet.

I'm not upset about the possibility of a baby. I'm not even uneasy about the prospect of having one so soon. In fact, I'm quite happy about it but I'm afraid Avery won't be. She's young-even by human standards-and I'm not sure a baby is something she wants at this point in her life.

She takes my hand and pulls me into her room before shutting the door. "I want you to show me all the ways I'm yours."

I place my index finger to her lips. "Shh." I point to my ears and then in the direction of the others since she sometimes forgets about them when we're behind closed doors.

She nods, understanding my meaning. I lower my mouth and whisper softly in her ear. "My office."

She mouths the word, "Now?"

I nod and she follows me out of her bedroom toward the only soundproof quarters available to us. I know she had something more romantic in mind to celebrate our news but she and I have to discuss our relationship before we can explore the other ways we belong to each other.

Her heart is pounding when I close the door. She's terrified. "Something's wrong."

I want to put her at ease. "Nothing's wrong but we need to talk about something I don't want the others to overhear."

"Okay."

There's only one place to start. The beginning. "We unknowingly completed our agape bond this morning."

She's filled with confusion. "What does that mean?"

I'll try to explain it the way I understand it. "I'll no longer need to drink your blood for us to maintain an unbreakable connection. We'll feel it all the time but it'll be at its strongest when we make love."

She beams and slinks close to me. "Perfect ... because I think I feel the need for some strong bonding right now."

As good as that sounds, I only want to proceed after I have informed consent from her. "I need to explain some other things to you." She steps back so she can see my face. "My DNA has been dead since the night I was turned into a vampire but because you're my agape, you make me more human. More alive."

"I've never thought of you as dead."

That's good to know since I'm about to drop this bomb on her. "Only life can bring forth life and you revive my dead cells so they may live again."

"You've always been very much alive to me."

I'm able to see that she doesn't understand where I'm going with this so I need to back up. "It's all part of the agape phenomenon. We don't understand the process but we know that agape mates cause changes in vampires. We become more human. More alive. Sebastian and Ella weren't together long. The changes he underwent weren't near as radical as the ones Curry has experienced. We suspect that his profound changes are how Chansey was able to conceive. We haven't tested the waters to know the degree of the change in me yet but we must consider the possibility that you could become pregnant."

I almost think I can hear a click in her mind when she comprehends what I'm saying. "This morning ..." She clears her throat but only a whisper escapes. "I could be pregnant because of this morning?"

Her emotions are all over the place. What is she thinking? "I'm sorry. I didn't know."

I'm not really sure it would have mattered if I had. I don't think I would have been able to stop because it felt as though something else was in control of me when we completed our bond.

"I'm not sorry." She steps closer and slides her arms around my shoulders. "Not even a little. I love you and nothing would make me happier than having your baby."

We've never discussed such things. We had no reason to so I couldn't guess where her head would be but I'm pleasantly surprised by her reaction. "I was scared you might be upset. Or angry. "

She comes up on her tiptoes and presses a kiss against the side of my neck. "Angry? Why would you think that?"

She pushes her fingers through my hair and I almost forget what we're discussing. "Doesn't matter-not if you're happy about it."

She lowers herself from her tiptoes and presses a second kiss against my collarbone. "I am. But you know what would also make me very happy?"

All she has to do is tell me and I'll get it for her. "You only have to ask."

A mischievous grins spreads across her face. "I want us to have a place we are free to do what we want without the fear of being overheard. I think we need a soundproof bedroom. Because I have a lot of naughty things I want to do to you."

I like the way this girl thinks. "Done. I'll have someone here in the morning and we'll put a plan into action immediately."

"We are in desperate need of privacy." She's rubbing her hands over my chest. "How long will it be before we know?"

Longer than I want. "I don't know. I think they can have it ready in about a month. Maybe six weeks if he uses his entire crew." I'm willing to pay for an army of construction workers to get this done as soon as possible.

"Four to six weeks sounds great on the bedroom but I meant how long will it be until we know if I'm pregnant?"

Oh. "I think Chansey was a little bit over two months when she saw Dr. Knight the first time."

"But she was in the middle of following Jenn's transition. I'm sure she didn't pick up on her missed period because she was preoccupied but I'll know if I'm a day late. I'm very regular."

She'd been very regular since I'd known her. "You should start your menstrual cycle in thirteen days."

I don't have to see her blush to know I've embarrassed her. "How do you know that?"

If I couldn't smell a drop of blood, I'd have known by her irritable mood. "I've been living with you for months. You're a fertile human woman that bleeds every month. I'm a vampire that can smell a single drop of blood from a hundred yards. I think you can put it together."

Her cheeks redden more. "That's just humiliating. And gross."

"I know your body inside and out-even better than you know it yourself." Now I'm gonna rock her world with the information I tell her next. "I'm even able to sense your ovulation cycle by the way you smell."

She steps back and assesses me, the blush still present on her face. Or maybe it's a flush. "Pray tell, Mister Alexander. How do I smell when I'm ovulating?"

"Sexy. And horny." Now it's me pressing my lips against the side of her neck. "A lot like you smell right now."

Her mouth is next to my ear. "And did I smell fertile this morning?"

Oh, did she ever. "You smelled especially fertile this morning-much more so than usual."

"Ohh," she whispers as I move my mouth down her neck.

"When we're like this, your agape scent is the only smell I can detect. It's a pheromone that overpowers everything else." I lift her to sit on my desk and I step between her legs.

Her hands are allover me at once. "And it makes you want me?"

Want is an understatement. "Like crazy. You can't possibly imagine how bad."

She's grinning as she nips my bottom lip. "I bet I can."

Chapter Nine

We emerge from my office so we can make our formal announcement to the family but the looks on their faces when we enter the living room tell me they already suspect. Or know. I'm sure they can tell that we just had sex. Her scent is all over me and vice versa. No way I'm telling Avery that. She'd die of mortification if she knew they smelled the mix of our body fluids.

The family is at full attention without our request. I take Avery's hand in mine and squeeze it. I'm nervous but one stroke of her thumb gives me that little extra boost of confidence. It's amazing how she's always able to give me exactly what I need. "Avery and I have an announcement."

"I believe you do." Thatcher is studying us and paying close attention to the way I'm holding Avery's hand. "Do tell, brother. I can tell this is gonna be good and I'm dying of suspense."

"This may come as quite a surprise to everyone." I stop and look into her golden brown eyes before I finish and I see all the reassurance I need staring back at me. "Avery is my agape."

Lairah is the first to react to our news. "But neither of you can stand to be in the same room."

Avery is quick to correct her. "I'm sure it has appeared that way but it's actually the opposite. We can't stand to be apart."

"Obviously since we can smell what you've been doing." Avery jerks her head around to look at her sister. Jenn's words are intended to wound and humiliate her but why? Perhaps she's angry that Avery didn't confide in her but that's no way to treat her sister. I'm about to fire back when I feel her squeeze my hand. Her eyes tell me everything her mouth doesn't. Please don't. I give her a quick nod letting her know I understand, even if I don't agree. I'm sure Avery would like to address Jenn in private and I'll give her that courtesy.

Lairah is still wearing a confused expression. "I don't understand. You've acted like you hate each other for months. It's been uncomfortable as hell living with the two of you under the same roof and now you're telling us you're mates? Are you sure? It doesn't seem likely."

Avery leans into my side. "I've never been more certain of anything in my life."

"Shouldn't you have known when you met her?" Gia doesn't seem convinced.

Curry and Sebastian allow us to answer the family's questions without interference. "The circumstances weren't ideal when we met. She was a blood jewel and I drank from her. I thought everything I was feeling stemmed from the side effects of her blood. I had no idea what was actually happening. I spent months fighting my feelings for her because I thought she hated me. I never imagined the physical responses I sensed from her were really her body's reaction to her love for me.

"It's as much a shock to us as it is to all of you." Avery's trying to smooth this over with her sister.

"I somehow doubt that." Jenn is sitting on the couch, arms crossed. She's unhappy about our announcement but I don't understand why unless she doesn't want Avery mixed up with a vampire.

"I didn't know, Jenn. Really." Avery's voice is pleading.

"Yeah, right." Jenn's words are saturated with sarcasm before she streaks from the room toward the hallway to her bedroom.

I shrug and look at Avery for some kind of clue about what's going on with Jenn. "I'm lost. What was that all about?"

Avery closes her eyes and sighs. "She's going to hate me for this."

I wish I could get a reading on the things running through her mind but it's racing a mile a minute. "Hate you for what?"

She releases my hand and my skin instantly misses her touch. "I need to talk to my sister. I have to try to make her understand."

I'm left standing dumbfounded-without my agape-in front of everyone so I grab a seat on the sofa next to Lairah. "Does anyone have a clue what's going on with Jenn or why she's so angry with Avery?"

Lairah punches me in the arm with her fist. "Seriously? You don't have any idea? You're even stupider than I thought."

I rub my arm because it was a hard punch. "What was that for?"

She rolls her eyes and huffs. "You'd have to be a total idiot to not see that Jenn is in love with you. She's been showing you for months. I think you're the only one that hasn't picked up on it."

She has to be trying to pull one over on me. "I never saw anything resembling that kind of interest from Jenn."

"Sol had no idea." Sebastian is defending me. "He wouldn't notice romantic interest from another woman. It isn't in his nature for any female to catch his attention because he only has eyes for his agape."

We're all able to overhear the conversation going on down the hall. "Jenn's angry and I don't like the hurtful things she's saying to Avery." I have an intense need to protect her from being hurt-even if it's only words being used by her sister.

"You aren't supposed to like anything that hurts your agape but Avery and Jenn are sisters," Sebastian reminds me. "You must let them hash this out on their own just as you and Thatcher do when you have a problem."

Thatcher and I are both vampires. The worst we would do is beat the shit out of each other. "Jenn is a vampire and Avery isn't. She could kill her in a fraction of a second."

"I'm not saying they won't argue but Jenn's stable and she loves her sister very much. She'd never harm her physically." Their argument is quickly escalating so I stalk toward the hallway leading to Jenn's bedroom. Sebastian calls out, "Sisters do this. It's normal."

I'd agree with Sebastian if Jenn was human. But she's not and all of her emotions are multiplied ten-fold. "Sorry but I'm not chancing it. If Jenn goes after Avery, I can't protect her if I'm sitting in the living room twiddling my thumbs."

I don't knock. I burst through Jenn's bedroom door like I own the place-because I do. This is my compound. Jenn is a guest here-even if she is my agape's sister-and I won't tolerate her hurting Avery even if it's only a verbal assault.

"Enough." It comes out as a growl-which isn't my intention-but I'm in full-blown protection mode. I won't spare feelings when it comes to my mate. "Avery had no idea she was my agape. She-nor I-would ever intentionally hurt you. It's something we couldn't control. I'm sorry I didn't pick up on your feelings for me. I would have set you straight had I realized. My relationship with your sister isn't going away so you need to decide if you can stay here and deal with it or not. If you can't, you need to leave because I won't allow you to continue treating her like this."

"Sol!" Avery is angry with me for speaking to Jenn so harshly.

"No, Avery. He's right. I have no business being here. I never did but I don't plan on sticking around and continuing to be anyone's problem." Jenn streaks from the room and out the front door. I immediately feel the pain in Avery's heart. I want to comfort her but I'm not sure it'll be welcome.

Shit. What have I done?

I have to try to make this right. "I'm sorry, baby doll. I didn't mean for that to happen."

"You have to go after her." Her voice-and mind-is drenched in panic. "She doesn't know how to survive outside this compound yet."

I put my hand to my forehead and then push it back through my hair as the realization sets in. She's right. Jenn has been living in a bubble and has no idea how to get along on her own.

This is nothing but a mess-a gigantic one. And I'm its creator.

Avery grabs my face and forces me to look at her. "Stop it, Sol. I feel your guilt but this isn't your fault. Jenn is a hothead. She always has been but it's compounded now that she's a vampire."

The family-minus Chansey and the babies-enter Jenn's bedroom before I'm able to reply. "Don't worry. We'll all pitch in to help find her," Gia says.

Avery walks toward the door. "I need my jacket."

Oh, hell no. She can't possibly think I'm letting her out of this compound at night. "You're not going out there."

I feel her preparing for a showdown. "Why can't I come? She's my family."

Avery and I are a team but I'm forced to draw a line on how much say she gets when it comes to her safety. I'm now the overbearing alpha male that will be calling all the shots. And it's going to piss her off royally. "No. It's too dangerous."

She's frustrated but not furious as I anticipated. "My circumstances are never changing. I'll always be a blood jewel. Does that mean I'm never going to be allowed out of the walls surrounding this compound?"

Sounds like a great plan to me. "Maybe not if it keeps you safe."

Avery stands with her hands on her hips and her weight shifted to one foot. I've seen Chansey in that same stance while angry with Curry and I can only wonder if it's a coincidence or some kind of agape characteristic. "I want to help find my sister."

I play the card I'm certain will get through to her. "I know you do but you'll only slow us down. We can find Jenn much faster if you stay here. Isn't that what you want? For us to find her as soon as possible?"

I feel her conceding. "I know you're right but I'll feel useless if I stay here."

"You won't be of no use," Curry says. "Chansey will need your help with the babies while I'm out. I can't go if you don't stay with her."

"See? You're needed here." I'll need to thank Curry for that later.

She's hesitant as she appears to be thinking it over but finally agrees. "Okay. I wouldn't want Chansey to be left alone."

Curry tells me over his shoulder as he leaves the room, "I'll meet you out front after I tell Chansey what's happening."

We leave Jenn's bedroom and walk toward the foyer since she used the front door when she left. The others gather outside and begin forming the plan as I stop to kiss Avery. "Don't worry. We'll bring Jenn home."

"Ugh!" she groans. "I hate this."

"Me, too. But think of this as an opportunity. You'll have the luxury of being able to speak freely with Chansey about the agape bond. She can tell you things firsthand that no one else can. The good and the bad."

"Okay. I'll do that."

She pulls me in for a tight squeeze before letting me go. "Please. Please. Please. Be careful."

I squeeze her back. "Don't worry about me, baby doll. There's a reason I'm almost three hundred years old. I know how to take care of myself."

"I know but I can't stop myself from worrying. I realize it's your duty to protect me so please understand my position when I worry about you. I can't help it." Hmm. Good point and one I've never considered.

I kiss her hard and place my forehead against hers. Curry walks past us in the foyer to join the others and it's my cue to leave. "We'll be back before you know it. With Jenn."

Chapter Ten

I'm the last one to join the huddle outside the front door. "So, what's the plan?"

Sebastian inhales deeply. "She went northwest judging by the direction of her scent. Since there's seven of us, we'll break into three groups." He points in the direction of each assignment. "Gia, Lairah and Thatcher will take the far west corner. Curry and Sol will search the middle while Sully and I scan the far eastern section. Spread an acre apart so that gives us a wide span and we'll push north. First group to find her sends out a text to notify the others. Any questions?"

Everyone voices their understanding and we split into our designated groups to begin searching. "I really screwed up."

"You can't blame yourself. This is something Jenn's gotta accept and find a way to deal with. No way it's your fault." He's being supportive but I wonder if he heard the harsh things I said to her.

"I told Jenn she needed to leave if she couldn't accept my relationship with Avery."

Curry stops. "I heard everything but you were protecting Avery from Jenn's verbal attack. That's what we do for our agapes because we can do no less." I feel minimally better knowing he understands where I'm coming from but I still have Avery to worry about. I'm not certain she understands.

"But what if we don't find her? Avery may never forgive me if that happens." It was a possibility I had to consider.

"First of all, we will find Jenn. She's still a fledgling so she has no idea how to thwart seven experienced vampires from tracking her. Secondly, that's not how it works with your agape. Avery can't not forgive you. It isn't her nature to hold a grudge against her beloved because she loves you too much."

I hadn't considered that. "I hope so."

Our phones vibrate simultaneously. "See? Someone has already found her."

The message is from Sebastian. He wants us to come to his location. "I don't think this means they found Jenn. He would ask us to meet them at the house if they had recovered her."

I'm instantly worried. "I hope this doesn't mean something has happened to Jenn." I'm not convinced Avery would forgive me so easily if that were the case.

We head in Sebastian's direction. "I'm sure it's nothing so don't jump to conclusions."

We're the last ones to arrive where the family is gathered in the middle of the compound property. Jenn is nowhere in sight so I'm immediately alarmed. "What's going on?"

"I picked up on Jenn's scent and followed it here," Sebastian says. "Sully and I agree that we smell something else. Or rather someone else."

Curry and I both inhale deeply and he's right. "Other vampires have been here."

"None of us recognize the scents so I don't believe we have friendly company on our grounds."

Curry and I look at one another and say his name at the same time. "Vincent."

I feel horror rising from my stomach and all thoughts about finding Jenn dissipate. "If Vincent has breached the walls of the compound then he knows we are the ones that took Avery. There's no one in the house to stop him from getting to her."

"Or my family." Hysteria floods Curry's voice.

"Nooo!" I yell the moment I pick up on Avery's sudden onset of intense fear. "He's inside the house."

The seven of us race toward the compound. I'm the first one inside with Curry on my heels. He rushes past me toward the nursery and I fear what he will find because I don't suspect Vincent's one to hesitate in making infants his victims.

"Avery!" I yell as I fall to my knees. I don't have to search the house for my beloved. I already know she is no longer here because I feel the cold distance growing between us.

I put my fists to my eyes and a sound I've never heard-or produced-roars from deep within my chest. I rise to stand from where I'm kneeling and do the only thing I can. I pound my fists into the walls over and over until they're bloody with open wounds. I'm not sure how long I use the walls as a punching bag but I stop after I register Thatcher's hand on my shoulder. "You need to go to Curry's quarters right now."

I walk the hall terrified of what I will find at the end when I reach Curry and Chansey's bedroom. I listen for any clue of what I'm walking into but the only thing I hear is eery silence-and then the rapid beats of two tiny hearts. I sigh with relief in knowing the babies are alive and still here.

Curry is standing between their cribs looking over his children as they sleep. He doesn't turn when I enter. "He took Chansey too. His scent is in our bedroom but not the nursery. She must have shut the door since they were sleeping. He probably never even realized there were two half-agape babies right in the next room." Anna Grace stirs in her sleep and Curry lifts her from her crib. He cradles her in his arms and stares at her angelic face. "I can't even bear to imagine what he'd have done to my children if he'd found them." Curry kisses the top of his daughter's head and places her back in the crib.

The entire family is standing in the nursery. "Lairah, can you and Gia take care of the babies while the rest of us work on a plan to get Chansey and Avery back."

"Of course we will. You don't even have to ask but one question: what will we feed them when they wake? They'll be hungry in the next few hours and their only source of nourishment has come from Chansey." I'm glad we have someone with some type of motherly instinct to care for the babies because that wouldn't have crossed my mind until they awakened ready to eat.

Curry stands with his hands on his hips for a moment before he finally answers. "I guess we don't have a choice. They'll have to take formula."

"They're half-vampire," Lairah says. "What if that's not what their bodies need?"

I see the torment on his face. He's torn between staying to tend to the health of his babies and leaving them to go after their mother. This is where I come in. It's my job as his best friend to help him through this crisis. "The best thing for the babies is to find Chansey and bring her home to them. Ask Dr. Knight to come out and examine them. She's their physician. Let her make the call on what kind of nourishment they need until you can bring Chansey back."

"You're right," he says. "Getting Chansey home as soon as possible solves any issues the twins might have with nutrition so that's what I must concentrate on."

Anna Grace frets in her sleep and Gia places her hand against her back. She rubs it in a circular motion to sooth her. "Don't worry. Lairah and I will take wonderful care of your babies and Dr. Knight will figure out what to feed them."

I give Curry a reassuring pat on the shoulder. "Your kids will be fine. Leave them with the girls so we can get a plan together."

My best friend reaches out and places his finger inside James Grady's tiny hand. The baby grasps his father's finger in his sleep and sighs. "I'm going to bring your mother home to you, son. I swear I will."

He pulls his finger gently from James Grady's grasp and walks toward the door. "And after I get my wife back safely from that son of a bitch, I'm going to kill him."

I don't think so. "Only one problem with that plan, my friend. You'll have to beat me to it."

The five of us-Curry, Sebastian, Sully, Thatcher, and myself-convene in the living room. "I have something to say. I know the two of you aren't going to like it but I think we should stake Vincent's place out before we strike. We need to know what we're going up against."

Curry and I reply at the same time. "No."

"I know you don't want your agapes staying a minute longer than necessary but Sebastian is right," Thatcher says. "It's the wisest thing to do. And the safest for your mates. Go in there tonight with guns blazing and you could get them and yourselves killed if you don't know what you're walking into."

I'm sure my brother's attitude would be much different if he was in my shoes. "Your beloved is here with you-safe and sound. Talk to me about patience when a lunatic like Vincent comes in and takes Gia from you."

He doesn't deny my accusation regarding his affection for her. "I suppose I wouldn't be patient about getting her back but I'd like to think I'd have the good sense to make a sound plan without getting myself killed."

Sully speaks up to agree with Thatcher. "We understand your anxiousness but you can't save Avery and Chansey if you're dead."

"No one is going in and getting killed tonight," Curry tells his brother. "I don't think they've figured out we have the advantage of walking in daylight so they won't be expecting it. I think a little past dawn is the best time to strike. As much as I despise the thought, Vincent and whoever is with him will be high as kites by morning after having a blood jewel in their possession again. We'll go in and take Chansey and Avery while Vincent and his coven are passed out for the day."

He's basing his plan on my ability to day walk and I haven't had time to try since finding out Avery is my agape. "I haven't been in sunlight yet."

"You haven't slept during the day in months. Trust me. You're a day walker even if you haven't confirmed it yet."

Curry sounds very confident but I guess we would find out in the morning. "So we're doing this right after the sun comes up?"

"Hell, yeah!" He pounds his fist into his open palm. "I'm not leaving Chansey there a second longer than I have to. You with me?"

"All the way."

Chapter Eleven

Curry and I are sitting in a parked car on the side of the road waiting for the sun to make its appearance. We're armed with wooden stakes but it's my bare hands I plan to use when I kill Vincent. I have many reasons for needing to be the one to do the honors. I want that monster to pay for all the ways he has hurt my beloved. Stealing her from her family. Killing her parents. Draining her almost to the point of death. Whoring her blood out so anyone addicted to it is a threat to her safety. The list goes on and on. But I couldn't be sorry for the way things have played out. In a way, Vincent has played a part in bringing me and my agape together.

I need to think about something besides all the things Vincent has done or I won't be able to sit here and patiently wait for the sun to rise. "I spoke with Avery about the potential pregnancy. She was happy about the possibility."

Curry reaches over and slaps me on the back. "Ah, man. That's great news. And a relief for you, I'm sure."

Relief didn't quite cover it. "She said we should know in a couple of weeks."

"If she's expecting and the pregnancy progresses at the same rate as Chansey's, you'll be parents by spring."

Oh shit. I hadn't thought of it like that. Avery could potentially give birth to our child-or maybe even children-in a few short months. "We aren't married."

Curry laughs. "I thought you didn't believe in vampires observing marriage vows."

I guess I had changed my view on the matter. "I didn't before I had an agape and possibly got her pregnant."

"A mate changes how you see everything," he says.

Curry was born after me but still in a time period that shared the same beliefs. "I always expected to be married when I had sex the first time. I thought it would be with my wife and I definitely expected to be married to the woman that would give me my first child."

"You want to marry Avery?" He doesn't sound surprised at all.

"I do. I want to be Avery's husband. I was wrong when I thought it didn't matter. I want to be tied to her in every possible way. Marriage will be us telling the world we want to be together forever because it's what we choose. Not because our match was preordained by Anteros." I think I remember Curry saying something very similar to this once.

"You won't have long to get married if she's pregnant and you want her to be your wife before the baby comes." He's right. A pregnancy will make for a tight schedule.

"I'm going to as soon as I have her safe and sound in my arms again." A thought passes through my mind. What if she doesn't want to marry me? "I hope it's what she wants too."

"Don't worry. It will be." I wish I had Curry's confidence.

Our time as vampire and agape has been nearly nonexistent so I'm not certain where her head is on the whole marriage thing. She could think she's too young to get married. "Did you know Avery's only twenty?

He grins and I suspect he's recalling the way I once rimmed him out over Chansey's age. "I didn't realize she was so young. Just a mere child," he laughs. He thinks he's funny.

"She'll be twenty-one next month." I was trying to make it sound better by tacking on that extra year-just as Avery had attempted.

"Twenty-one isn't that much younger than Chansey. Only a couple of years." This is his way of trying to make me feel better.

"I don't want to rob her of the best years of her life." Or have her look back on the things she missed and hate me for it.

"You haven't had enough time with her to figure this out but every day gets better and better."

"I couldn't even hold on to my agape a full twenty-four hours." Avery must now have zero faith in me as her protector. "What does that say for the kind of mate I'll be?"

Curry stares ahead. "Chansey was taken too so you're not alone in feeling like an inadequate mate."

"I'm never taking my eyes off of her again after I get her back." I'll stay so close she'll think we're conjoined twins. She'll be sick of me.

"I know the feeling. After Chansey is back and the dust settles, I want to revisit the subject of turning her. I rather have her as a vampire than live without her." Turning his mate is his decision but I'll never attempt that again. I love Avery too much to watch her die like Lisette.

"What about the babies?"

"We'll have to wait until they finish nursing." He already has an answer so that tells me he's been thinking about this a lot.

"You don't think she'll want more children?"

"I don't know," he laughs. "We haven't discussed it. We've been so busy with the twins that the thought of having more children hasn't crossed my mind." He grins. "I remember her telling me once that she wanted at least three but that was before either of us knew what we were to one another. She might not feel the same now."

I sense Avery's agitation so something must be happening. "Can you feel Chansey right now?"

"Yes. She's terrified." His hands are in tight fists and I expect him to punch the dashboard any minute. "Her fear is as strong as it was the night Marsala attacked her through black magic and caused the emergency cesarean. I'm trying to calm her so she'll know we're coming but I haven't been successful so far."

"If you can't calm her through her connection, it stands to reason that Vincent is probably doing something to heighten her fear. He did that with Jenn and Avery to raise their adrenalin." I didn't say the rest of what I was thinking. There was no reason in pointing out that he'd be drinking from one-or both-of them. He's able to draw his own conclusion.

"If he's doing that then he means to drink from her." Curry hits the back of his head against the seat several times. "He'll figure out that Chansey's a blood jewel if he hasn't already."

"Did you tell her?"

He sighs. "No. I couldn't bring myself to do it. I didn't want her living in fear of something I didn't understand and couldn't explain. I had every intention of telling her but I wanted to find out what it meant first."

She was going to freak when she found out. "She'll inevitably know now."

Curry closes his eyes. "Yeah and she's gonna be pissed at me for not telling her when she figures out that I knew." I didn't envy Curry that conversation.

I'm relieved to sense the change in my agape. "I feel Avery calming down so she's either meditating to lower her heart rate and adrenaline or the coven is finished with them."

"Chansey is naive when it comes to vampires. She saw how Sully was before our reconciliation but it was brief. He played cat and mouse games with her to taunt me." He's restless in his seat. "I'm sure it's nothing compared to what Vincent is doing to her right now."

"It's best to not think about it. It'll consume you and distract your mind from what we need to do but take comfort in knowing that being a blood jewel is what will keep her alive. If for no other reason, Vincent will protect her because of that." Those are the only reassuring words I have.

"Ironically, that's the only thing encouraging me at this point."

I look at the horizon. "The sun is coming up. Another three or four minutes tops."

He laughs. "I hope you don't turn into a crisp french fry."

"Me too. That would suck." I can't even consider what would happen to me if my body isn't ready for the sun. Avery is the only thing I can think about.

We remain silent for the next few minutes as we wait for the verdict. I stretch my hand outward into the sun's rays and feel nothing but its warmth. Almost.

"No smoke. That's encouraging." Curry watches my hand as I form a fist and then flex it open. "I still feel a little sting when the sun initially hits my skin but it goes away after a minute or two."

There's definitely a slight burning sensation. "It feels like a blistering tingle."

"I like it." Curry puts his hand into the sun. "It's a good reminder of what I really am when I let it slip my mind."

He sometimes forgets? "I can't imagine feeling so human that I don't remember I'm a vampire."

"Just wait, buddy. It'll happen to you too," he says.

I'm so lucky to have a best friend that has experienced this. "I'm glad I have you to advise me."

"I'm grateful I have Sebastian."

Sebastian had no one to guide him. He was left to interpret it all on his own based solely on legends. "Can you imagine the things that must have gone through his mind?" All he knew in the beginning was that he was a vampire and he loved a human. I remember how confused I was when I realized I felt affection for Avery.

"He had to be terrified of the things he was feeling." Curry taps his temple a few times. "Or think he was losing his mind."

"And to lose Ella the way he did. Such a senseless death. I don't know how he didn't go mad." I don't think I'd be strong enough to bear it because I'm about to lose my mind now.

"He told me he still feels her-even in death."

That would be torture. "That's gotta hurt."

"He seems comforted by it."

I don't know how there would be contentment in that. "I'd rather die than live without Avery."

"I feel the same about Chansey," Curry agrees. "He's thought of ending it all but says he lives for Ella because it's what she wants for him."

This isn't the kind of thing we should be discussing when we're about to burst into a nest of crazy vampires to take back our mates. "Sun's up and shining. Time to roll."

We get out of the car and quietly approach the house where I saw Avery for the first time. It's bittersweet memories being in this place again.

Curry tries the front door and it's unlocked so we immediately suspect a trap. I motion toward the back of the house and he follows closely on my heels. I push the lever of the handle and the door opens-a definite trap. He points toward the upper level balcony above us and I nod. We climb up and over the railing and land on the second story porch. The french doors are open-another invitation for us to enter.

I'm growing uneasy as we enter the house but it's of no consequence. Trap or no trap, we're going inside.

Something is noticeably off once we're within the house. No. Make that everything is off. Curry and I look at one another-disappointment and anger apparent on his face. Avery and Chansey aren't here. No one is. The house is abandoned.

"Damn that bastard to hell!" I never considered them being anywhere but this place. "They haven't been gone for long. I still smell his putrid odor."

It's obvious we're in Vincent's quarters because we're surrounded by grandeur furnishings. "There's a clue somewhere in this house so we'll start here in the king's quarters." Curry streaks over to the bed and begins shredding the mattress. "Tear everything apart. We'll strip this house room by room until we find something that will lead us to them."

I'm fiercely ripping wood from the floor when I hear Curry. "Chansey ..." He's wearing a blank stare.

I walk to him and snap my fingers in front of his face. "What is it?"

"She's safe because she's channeling me." I don't know what that means. "She's letting me know she's okay."

I'm immediately alarmed because my agape isn't channeling me also-not that I would know what it felt like if she did. "I can't feel Avery doing anything. Does that mean something's wrong?"

"No. You and Avery haven't figured out how to control your bond yet. It'll come with time."

I hope I get the chance to learn more about our bond. "I swear he won't come out of this alive. I won't stop until he's dead."

"You can't fixate on him if you want to reach her," he says. "Close your eyes. Try to revisit that place where only you and Avery reside when your bond is at its strongest. Remember the feel of your connection and feed it with your love. "

I do as Curry instructs and I get nothing. Not a single thing. And I feel like an epic fail for my agape.

"Keep yourself receptive. Think of her while we work to tear this place apart. I'm sure my wife is instructing her on how to do it and if she's anything like Chansey, she won't stop until she's able to connect with you."

I return to ripping up the floor. "There's no way I'd be thinking of anything but her."

We work for hours tearing the house apart, leaving nothing unturned. The once grand home now resembles a demolition site and it's a shame. It was so beautiful. "We've shredded every piece of furniture, every floor, every wall covering. I know there's a clue here somewhere. There has to be. All of this can't be for naught."

I'm studying the only untouched piece remaining in the room when I hear Avery's voice behind me. "Your clue to finding her is in the mantle."

I spin around at the startle of her voice and she's standing across the room. Her face is oddly void of emotion. "Thank the gods you escaped from Vincent. Where is Chansey?"

Curry comes into the parlor where Avery and I are. "Who are you talking to?"

Is he blind? She's standing right there in plain sight. "Avery." I get up to go to her and she disappears. I reach out and pass my hand through the space she just occupied. "Where did she go?"

I turn to look at Curry for help with an explanation. "You saw Avery's fylgia. It's weird, right?"

Weird doesn't begin to cover it. "Yeah. It was bizarre. And disappointing. I thought she had safely escaped and was here."

"I'm guessing Avery had a twin that died at birth?" he asks.

I have no idea. It's in this moment that I realize I know far too little about my agape. "I don't know. We never discussed it."

"You will. There'll be plenty of time for learning everything about her." He's nonchalant as he digs through the piles of plaster and wood tossed around the room. "What did the fylgia say?"

"She told me my clue to finding Avery is in the mantle." I walk over to the only intact piece still in the room and begin studying it. "Look." I point to an inconsistency in the design of the painted wood.

Curry leaves the heap of debris he's ciphering through for a better look at the woodwork around the fireplace. "This is an old house. What do you want to bet there's a trip for a hidden compartment? Those were pretty common in houses like this. I incorporated one into the mantle at the house I built in Pascagoula."

I peck on the mantle hoping to hear a hollow sound but everything seems solid.

"Maybe you should try pulling instead of pushing."

I slide my finger along the underside of the dentil molding until I feel a slight give. I push upward as I pull and a narrow drawer no wider than two inches slides out. I look at Curry as I remove it from the mantle and then I turn it upside down over my palm.

A heavy brass key lands in my hand and I immediately know it's not for this house. The Sigil identifies it as belonging to another residence-the place where Vincent is holding our agapes captive.

Chapter Twelve

Curry and I reluctantly accept that we won't be finding Avery and Chansey today so we go back to the compound to begin researching the Sigil. We're defeated for now but we have the first clue we need in steering us toward their direction. And that's a hell of a lot more than we had when we started last night.

The babies are crying when we enter the house and Curry immediately runs for the nursery with me behind him. The curtains are pulled closed to block the sunlight but I easily see Gia and Lairah sitting on the couch in the nearly black room. Each is holding a baby and rocking fiercely. "Thank the gods you are here. These two have not been happy since they woke and found both of their parents gone."

Gia and Lairah's faces fall when they see we are alone. "You didn't get them back?" Gia asks as she rises from the couch with James Grady so she may walk the floor and bounce him in an attempt to make him happy.

Curry takes his daughter from Lairah and sits in the glider before he motions for Gia to bring his son to him. "It appeared as though we had just missed them."

Both babies are immediately soothed by their father. It's absolutely amazing what his voice, smell, and touch does to calm them. Avery has that same effect on me.

"Did Dr. Knight come?" Curry asks.

"Yeah. She had us mix one part infant formula to one part blood. They didn't like it but they finally gave in and took it because they were hungry. That was only about an hour ago so they had to have gone at least ten hours without eating." That can't be good for them.

"Poor little things. They had to be starving because Chansey nurses them every four hours." Curry kisses Anna Grace on the forehead and then James Grady. "They may not be very old but they already have an ironclad bond with her. I'm sure they're confused because she isn't here to feed them."

"All the more reason to get her and Avery back as soon as possible," Gia says. "It sounds like they're still close if they hadn't been gone long when you got there. They couldn't have gotten far since the sun was coming up so they must still be in Savannah or the surrounding vicinity."

"Those are our thoughts exactly." I take the heavy brass key from my pocket and hold it up for Gia and Lairah to see. "And we don't think Vincent would be hiding this key in a secret compartment if the house it unlocks isn't nearby."

"Wow. That's a complicated Sigil," Lairah says. "I've never seen anything like it but what makes you think this is the key to the house where he's hiding Avery and Chansey?"

"Avery has a fylgia like Chansey and Ella. Anteros sent her to me. She's the one that told me where to find the key."

"This whole agape-fylgia thing is just freaky. Wouldn't it have been easier if she would have told you the address instead of giving you clues?" That would have been too simple. Anteros didn't work that way.

Lairah reaches for the key and takes it from me. "Wouldn't Vincent need this if it unlocks the place he's holding Chansey and Avery?"

"He might if he hadn't changed the locks in the last two hundred years." Even vampires make updates.

"So you're looking for an old house in the Savannah area-at least two hundred years old. That doesn't help a lot since Savannah is a historical town flooded with mansions fitting that description." I don't have time for Gia's pessimistic attitude.

"Not all of them bear the sign of this sigil. All we have to do is find a vampire that can identify it." Or maybe luck would be with us and we'd happen upon it.

Lairah passes the key to Gia. "Maybe Sebastian will recognize it."

"I'm up. I couldn't sleep knowing what the two of you were doing today." Sebastian is standing in the doorway of the nursery. "I heard everything. Let me have a look at it."

He takes the key and studies it as he turns it one way and then another. "I don't recall seeing this symbol before but its design is ornate and baroque so it's old. My guess is more than two hundred years since the first square in Savannah was constructed in the seventeen thirties. We should begin by looking at vampire archives to see if we can identify any houses built by our kind. The older records won't be listed in the computer database so I'll have to travel to the New Orleans compound to retrieve them. I'll leave tonight and hopefully we'll find a lead when I return with them."

"May I ask a favor?" Curry says.

"Yes."

"Gia and Lairah would be much more help if they were out searching with us so I'm going to ask Chansey's grandmother to come take care of the babies. Can she ride back with you?"

He'll be forced to tell her what's happened. "You won't be able to keep the truth from Anna if she comes here."

"I'm pushed into a corner." Curry shrugs. "I need her help with the babies. And she's Chansey's grandmother so I think she has the right to know what's happened."

"That's probably best," Lairah says. "Gia and I love these little guys to pieces but we weren't made for staying up during the day to take care of them."

"I know and I thank you for doing it today. Trust me when I say I know it isn't easy. I don't know how Chansey does it. She's such a natural with them. She's a wonderful mother and that's why they need her back as soon as possible."

Lairah places a supportive hand on Curry's shoulder. "Go. We know you're dying to get back out there and look again now that you have a starting place. We can take care of them until Anna arrives."

"Thank you. You don't know what it means to me and Sol," Curry tells them.

"Don't mention it," Lairah takes her hand from his shoulder and gives him a hug. "All we want is the safe return of our sisters."

Curry and I park on a side street off of Johnson Square. Built in seventeen thirty-three, it was the first square constructed in Savannah so it's our starting point. It certainly fits the bill for being more than two hundred years old.

We take a quick look and Curry says, "The majority of these places don't look like residences. Most are businesses."

That's a good thing and should speed up the process. "Then we should be able to rule them out quickly."

We inspect every structure-both business and residential-for the sigil. No detail is left unobserved but our initial search at Johnson Square is unavailing so we move onto the next. The scenario is very much the same during our next quest but then we stumble upon something encouraging at a residence off of the main street.

"Look." Curry points at the symbol above us. "It's a sigil. Not the one we're looking for but it supports the theory that we could be looking in the right place. It's possible they might know Vincent's whereabouts."

"There's at least four inside. Maybe five so we shouldn't approach them alone." Walking into a nest of unknown vampires is a huge risk. They reside in the city where the coven of Landra has built our newest compound yet they remain faceless and nameless to us. That means they don't share our coven's opinions and still drink directly from humans-probably willing and unwilling. "We'll return tonight with the others and pay them a visit along with any other vampire residences we find."

We complete the search through two more squares along with their surrounding streets and bring our total vampire residence discoveries to two. The day has been a total failure unless one of the groups of vampires have information that can lead us to Avery and Chansey.

On the way back to the compound, I pray to anyone that might hear my plea. Please bring my beloved Avery home to me safely. I willingly give my life in place of hers and the miracle inside her right now. Our child.

I'm certain there's a baby growing in Avery and I marvel at how similar he already is to a vampire without considering my contribution of DNA. He resides in darkness with blood as his only nourishment and although I'd never want him to be like me, I pray he's developing the strength of a vampire. He'll need that resilience to survive if Vincent drains Avery near depletion like he did the night of the blood ceremony.

The thought makes me consider everything that could go wrong. Our child might not survive the things Vincent will do to Avery. He needs her rich blood supply to live. His mother's blood is his only lifeline. It's the one and only way he receives oxygenation and nourishment to grow so chances are good that this baby won't make it if I don't get her back soon.

It's a thought that plagues my mind the whole ride back to the compound and that's when I begin to worry that things may have already gone bad for Avery and the baby. "It's been a quiet day with Avery. I haven't felt much from her today."

"I haven't either but I'm sure it was a long night for her and Chansey so they're probably sleeping. I'm guessing we'll feel more than we'd like after Vincent and his nest are awake."

The thought is almost enough to make me lose my mind. "My gut tells me Avery's pregnant. Did you feel that way before you knew with Chansey?"

"No." He shakes his head and laughs. "It was the complete opposite with us. She was the one with the suspicion while I was in denial."

He probably thinks I'm insane. "I have nothing to base it on except a hunch. That's insane, right? It's only been a couple of days so maybe I'm just being hopeful."

"You share a beautiful connection with Avery. A baby solidifies that bond in a way you can't imagine until it happens. I didn't feel anything until I accepted the reality of Chansey's pregnancy." He's grinning as he drives. "Once I did ... it was crazy good."

"I feel like a frenzy of emotions has taken over. Love. Happiness. Excitement." But what I was feeling wasn't all rainbows and butterflies. "Fear. Worry. Anxiety."

"You're not imagining any of this. It's real. And trust me ... it's going to get worse. I was going out of my mind with worry about the next stunt Marsala would pull to get to Chansey. And then the babies came and I had them to worry about as well. Killing her was my only option. Even if it meant never knowing what a blood jewel was."

Now I'm able to see why he didn't hesitate. It didn't matter what it meant to be a blood jewel if Marsala killed Chansey. "I didn't let it show but I was very angry with you for a long time. When you killed Marsala, I thought you snuffed out my only lead for finding out what it meant for Avery to be a blood jewel . Now I understand why you had to do it and I'm sorry I didn't trust your judgement or take Chansey's safety into account."

"Marsala had no limits when it came to wanting me and the babies. I didn't want to kill her but she gave me no choice. She was evil in its purest form. I knew Chansey and the twins would never be safe as long as she lived."

He didn't have to explain. "It was the right decision. Just like it'll be the right choice to kill Vincent and anyone associated with him when we find them."

"Agreed."

Chapter Thirteen

We stand at the door of the first vampire residence and wait for someone to answer. A young human girl not more than a day over sixteen swings it open. The whites of her eyes almost glow in the moonlight from the excessive black kohl smudged around them. Her make-up is overdone, just like the drugstore black hair dye covering her natural blond locks. "Who are you and what do you want?"

I feel like I should be asking if her mommy and daddy are home. "We'd like to see the owner of the house."

She crosses her arms and appears annoyed. "He's busy."

We didn't have time for games. "Maybe I should rephrase. Take us to the leader of this coven. Now."

"Show them in Kaiden," I hear a calm, male voice call out. We follow the young girl to a room at the back of the house where four young male vampires surround a television. All of them are consumed by the video game they're playing. "I'm in the middle of something. What do you want?"

I watch his eyes so I can gage any reaction he might display. "We're looking for a brother and sister living in the Savannah area. Vincent and Gloriana Godfrey."

He doesn't hesitate. "Never heard of 'em." I see no reaction so I believe he's telling the truth.

"Has there been any talk in the community about some special kind of blood?"

"Yeah. I heard something about that a few months ago. Got invited to some big party where they were sharing but I didn't go." He takes his eyes from the television for a brief moment and gestures toward the young girl. "I've got my blood doll." He puckers his lips and makes a kissing sound at the girl. "I don't need their blood when I have my own personal supply anytime I want it. Ain't that right, Kaiden?"

The girl is pleased by this vampire's show of affection for her. Too bad it's a fake endearment to make her think he cares about her and not her blood. "That's right, baby. Anytime."

He is using her as a meal ticket. Hadn't I seen this done a thousand times before? But who was I to judge? Hadn't I done the same thing? We all had at some point. Hell ... I hadn't realized it at the time but I'd agree to it not so long ago with my own agape.

Curry appears annoyed and steps between the vampires and the flat screen. "Do you know of any other vampires living within the Savannah Squares?"

One of them pauses the game. "The only ones I know of live in the Victorian District over by Forsyth Park but we don't hang. They're not really into the same kind of things we are."

Curry laughs but not because he's amused. "Which would be teenage girls and video games?"

"Dude, don't judge me." He tosses the controller onto the couch. "I was seventeen when I was turned so I'm never going to grow up. This is it for me. I've achieved my maximum level of maturity." He barely looks fifteen. His voice hadn't even matured yet. Whoever did this to him should rot in hell. Forever.

"I'm gonna leave my number." I take one of my cards from my wallet to give to him. "Please call if you hear any word circulating on that special blood again."

He tosses it on the coffee table. "Will do."

We leave the house of teen vamps and walk toward our next destination. "That was ... I don't even know what I think that was." Weird? Strange? Freaky? All of those words are fitting.

"What about the girl?" Curry asks. "Should we do something about that?"

Kaiden's presence is consensual. There isn't anything to be done. "She is there of her own free will. Those guys are too wrapped up in their video game to stop her from leaving if she wants."

"But she's so young." Curry has always had a soft place in his heart for any girl that reminded him of his sister. "Can a girl her age possibly have the mental capacity to make that kind of decision?"

She's likely looking for affection because she doesn't get any at home. This little creep is probably the first guy to come along and tell her she's special. "It's not for us to say. She didn't appear harmed and they aren't out of control so it isn't a Landra issue."

We knock on the door of the second residence and wait. I'm afraid but it has nothing to do with the vampires we're about to become acquainted with. I'm terrified they will know nothing about Vincent or his whereabouts and we'll be no better off than we were last night if they have no information for us.

A male vampire answers the door. He's older than me-at least four hundred-despite his midtwenties appearance and modern clothing. He's blond with bright blue eyes and a narrow nose. I'd guess he's Northern European-or at least his ancestors were.

"Hello." He still has an accent after four centuries but I can't quite put my finger on its origin.

After I introduce myself and the others, the vampire identifies himself as Giermund-definitely a viking name-and invites us inside his home. "This is my mate, Runa."

"Hello." Her appearance is similar to Giermund's-blond with light eyes and a narrow bridge of her nose. I suspect they are human siblings-quite possibly with the same maker-since that wouldn't have been an unusual practice several centuries ago.

"We won't take much of your time." I tell the couple about our search for Vincent. I even confide our reason why, minus the part about the blood jewel. It's a risk but one I'm willing to take at this point because this pair would be familiar with the agape legend. And also because I feel my desperation growing. These vampires are mates so I take a chance hoping they will understand our urgent desire to rescue our beloveds from their captor.

"I've never heard of Vincent Godfrey or his coven but Runa and I don't agree with the practices of most vampires so we choose to not socialize with them."

I give Giermund my card. "Thank you for your time and please call if you hear anything you think might aid in finding our mates. Even if seems unimportant."

He looks at the card and then back to me. "You're with the Coven of Landra?"

"Yes. I'm head of the Savannah compound."

"Runa and I have lived by Landra standards for more than a century and we feel we have a calling to help other vampires. Would you mind talking to us about joining once the problem with your mates is resolved?"

Allowing others into our circle would mean them knowing the truth about Avery and Chansey. I had no basis other than gut instinct alone but it told me an interview with Giermund and Runa was worth exploring. "We would love to talk with you further. We'll be in touch."

Chapter Fourteen

Last night's search was fruitless. Tonight's has been as well so Curry will be forced to tell Anna the bad news when she arrives at the compound within the hour. "What did you tell Chansey's grandmother when you called?"

"That Chansey was overwhelmed with the twins but too stubborn to ask for her help. I played the part of the dumb vampire husband that didn't know what to do."

"The part about you being dumb isn't that far from the truth."

He laughs at my wisecrack. It's been too long since I've taken a cheap shot at him and I look forward to getting our agapes home so we can return to normal. "It's true. I was ignorant when it came to taking care of babies. But in my defense, I've never had a reason to learn. I think I've caught on pretty quickly."

Curry is a pro at being a father to his twins. "You know I'm joking. You look like you know exactly what you're doing with your kiddos."

"I couldn't do any of it without Chansey. She taught me everything." He places a hand on my shoulder. "And Avery will teach you when the time comes."

I've smiling inside because I'm thinking of happier times-a future that includes me, Avery, and our child. Or children. Twins are a definite possibility.

My happy thoughts end because I'm unexpectedly engulfed by a sudden wave of weakness from Avery. And then I feel ... abyss. There hasn't been a time when I felt an emptiness like this from her. Something has definitely gone wrong.

My expression paints a picture of worry. "What is it, Sol?"

"Something has happened to Avery. Everything felt fine one minute and then she suddenly weakened. Now I feel nothing from her." I'm panicking as I imagine the worst-that Vincent has killed her.

"Don't freak out. Even if you're not feeling her, Avery isn't dead. It doesn't work like that because Sebastian is still able to feel Ella through death. She must be unconscious." I'm not sure if this should make me feel better or not.

"That means he took too much of her blood if she has passed out." And that's a danger to our baby.

"Or maybe she fainted because she's pregnant. A lot of women do that when they're expecting and it doesn't mean anything's wrong with them or the baby."

Side effects this early don't seem likely. "If Avery's pregnant, it's only a few days. It seems entirely too soon for something like that to happen."

"Chansey's pregnancy didn't progress at a normal rate and Avery's won't either so who's to say it's too soon?"

I wanted to believe in Curry's theory-and I appreciate him trying to encourage me-but my heart was telling me Avery was in trouble. The only solace I could find was in knowing she wasn't dead. But how long could she last with Vincent if I didn't find her soon? "I'm going to inflict so much pain on that bastard when I find him."

"As much as I'd love to be the one to take him down, your beef with him is much larger than mine so I'll happily stand aside and watch as you kill him slowly."

A wooden stake through the heart was far too compassionate for him. He deserved something much slower and more painful. "Have you ever seen a vampire die in the sun?"

"Yes and it looks like an excruciating way to go. You hear this sound that can only be compared to food being dropped into frying oil. And the smell ... it's intolerable. A vampire's decaying flesh releases a putrid stench as it burns in the sun. The odor is well beyond that of a human's body as it burns by fire."

Good. That sounds like the perfect way for Vincent and Gloriana Godfrey to die.

A week passes and then another. Two weeks. That's how long I've been separated from my agape and and I'm losing my mind.

Avery's menstrual cycle is due today. It will come or it won't. If it doesn't, she'll know she's pregnant but I won't be by her side to share in the joy. I'll remain in the dark-unknowing if I'm to become a father or not until we find them. And then I remember how quickly Chansey's pregnancy progressed once the first two months were behind her. What if we don't find them soon enough and Avery gives birth while she remains with Vincent? That would be a disaster.

"You're in deep thought. What's on your mind?" I turn toward the voice calling upon my attention but I don't respond because I'm not quite sure what to say. I don't know Anna well enough to confide my feelings. "Don't worry. You're going to get Avery back. And my granddaughter will be returned as well." She looks down at her great-grandson in her arms and then reaches over to stroke the head of her great-granddaughter lying on the couch next to her. "And these two will be reunited with their mother very soon."

This woman has led a dynamic life. She was once a blood swan and then later became the grandmother of an agape because her daughter was one of Anteros's chosen few. Is it possible for that to be a coincidence? "Do you mind me asking how you became a blood swan?"

"My sister was turned when she was eighteen. I wanted to support her and being a blood swan was the best way for me to do that."

I remember she didn't remain an active blood swan for more than four years. "Why did you stop after such a short time?"

"I met someone-a vampire-and he didn't want me to share my blood with others. He wanted it only for himself."

That could only mean one thing. "You became his blood doll?"

She nods, unashamed. "For almost three years."

Who terminated their relationship? "You ended it because you met your husband?"

"No. He called it off because I was in love with him and begged to be turned. I wanted to spend eternity with him so I pleaded constantly but he refused. He said he had come to love me too much to turn me into a monster like him."

She must be mistaken. "Vampires don't love humans unless they are agape."

"I don't know how it's possible but he loved me. I don't doubt it for a second." She's very confident about it.

"You never saw him again?"

"Not once in half a century but it isn't from lack of trying. I searched for a couple of years but gave up when I realized he wouldn't be found if he didn't want to be." The sadness is still in her eyes after all these years. "Being in Savannah brings back all of those memories."

Savannah? "You were here with your vampire?"

"Yes. His house was on East Broad Street. It was our home for almost three years."

Incredible. I remembered seeing Broad Street on the diagram we were using to map out our search but we hadn't made it to that side of town yet. "Would you take us there? He could have returned to Savannah. Maybe he has information about Avery and Chansey's captor and where they're being held."

"Of course I will."

Anna might possibly recognize the Sigil since she once lived among Savannah vampires. I take the key from my pocket and hold it out for her. "Do you recognize this symbol?" She takes the key from my hand but says nothing as she stares at it.

I hear her heart speed as she rubs her thumb over the design of the key. She looks up with tear-filled eyes and then pulls the neck of her blouse over to reveal the black ink hidden just below her hairline-an exact match to the Sigil. "Vincent insisted I mark my body with it so every other vampire would know I belonged to him."

"Vincent Godfrey?"

"Oh, God. Is that who took the girls?"

Vincent Godfrey was her vampire? What a small world we live in.

She's in shock. "I don't understand. Vincent wasn't at all like this person you describe. I don't know what happened to change him but he's giving us those girls back. Tonight. I'll make sure of that."

Curry enters the living room and I'm guessing he heard our conversation by the surprise displayed upon his face. "Anna. You can't walk into a lair of vampires with us. Chansey would never forgive me for putting you in that kind of danger."

"Chansey will be pissed off for a little while but at least she'll be alive so she has the opportunity to be mad."

Curry and I look at one another but Anna doesn't give us the opportunity to argue. "What time do we leave?"

Anna directs us to the house on East Broad Street and there it is-the sigil we've scoured to find for two weeks. The elaborate design is incorporated into the front door, the ironwork around the front porch, even the back iron fence surrounding the property. A vampire would have to be blind to not see it.

Anna stands in front of the place she once called home and takes it all in while my family and I note other things. There are six vampires inside so we're evenly matched. And two human agapes.

My instinct is to burst through the door so we have the element of surprise but Anna insists violence won't be necessary. She believes she can persuade Vincent to give Avery and Chansey over without a fight. We tend to disagree. The Vincent she knew and the one we met a few months ago are two entirely different beings.

Anna's heart is racing and I'm not so sure it's a good idea for her to go inside. "You sure you want to do this?"

She doesn't hesitate in answering. "Absolutely."

She rings the bell and one of Avery's vampiric guards from the blood ceremony is the one to answer. He eyes Anna without any regard for us. "Tell Vin I'm here to see him."

"Anna?" he whispers. He recognizes her so that means this guy has been with Vincent at least fifty years.

"Yes, Demarcus. I look much different than the last time we saw one another but it's me."

The vampire hugs Chansey's grandmother and I realize the high regard in which he holds her. "It's been a few years."

Anna's face is solemn. "It's been more than a few years. I need to see him."

The vampire steps outside and shuts the door. "I don't know if seeing him is a good idea. He's different now-not at all the person you once knew."

"What happened to him?"

"He went mad after losing you."

"He didn't lose me. He's the one that left." Her voice is sad.

"And he never recovered from it."

"That was his decision. I didn't get a say in it." She points toward the house. "Now he doesn't get a say about keeping those two girls in there captive. One of them is my granddaughter and we're coming in whether it's by invite or by force."

The vampire runs his hands through his hair. "Sheez, Anna. Your granddaughter is a blood jewel. Do you have any idea what that means?"

Demarcus would know Avery wasn't Anna's granddaughter so there's our confirmation. Chansey is a blood jewel as well but we still don't know what it means.

Anna doesn't reply as she pushes past him. "Move aside, Demarcus."

He puts his hand up. "Please don't barge in this way. Let me tell him you're here so he can be prepared to see you."

"Or so he can prepare to fight? Not happening, pal." I step around Anna and streak past Demarcus because I've had enough of this spare Vincent's feelings shit. He reaches out to grab me but he's too slow. I'm through the door by the time his brain makes the command for his arm to lift.

My family is on my heels as I enter the living room where five vampires are gathered. I scan the room but there's no sign of Avery or Chansey. Vincent is the first to notice us but doesn't move an inch. "Well, well. If it isn't my good friends Michael and Phillip from the Coven of Landra."

"Hello again." I pay close attention to my connection with Avery as I move across the room and I'm certain she is down the hall to the left. I look at Curry and he cocks his head in that direction to tell me he feels Chansey there as well.

Vincent stretches his arm out across the back of the couch and begins laughing as he casually crosses his legs. "It took long enough for you to find me."

He doesn't appear frightened or the least bit challenged by our presence. I'm sure he believes we come in peace because of who we are and what we do but he couldn't be more wrong. We will fight until death for the ones we love. "You have my mate."

"Your mate?" he laughs. "Surely you don't mean one of my blood jewels."

"Avery isn't a blood jewel to me. She's my agape so you know that means she is my everything."

Curry steps next to me. "And Chansey is mine so we're here to take them home."

"Agape or not, all of you are out of your minds if you think I'm going to allow that to happen." His voice is cold.

"Vin." I hear Anna's voice behind me.

Vincent's expression changes from arrogance to disbelief. He rises from the couch and his eyes are focused behind us. "Anna." It comes out as a whisper because he's clearly effected by her presence.

Anna crosses the room and he meets her half-way. He cradles her face in his hands and gazes into her eyes the way a lover would. He strokes her cheeks with his thumbs and then takes her in his arms to pull her close. "My sweet Anna. It's been so long."

Both are silent as they hold one another and I'm overwhelmed by the reality of my future with Avery. This is how she and I will be if she remains a human. We'll be happy but I'll watch her age. And then die.

Anna is the one to let go first. "What are you doing, Vin? This isn't you."

He steps back and slides his hands into the pockets of his trousers. "I'm afraid this is very much me."

Anna shakes her head. "You were never unkind but what you're doing to these girls is cruel."

"There's no way for you to imagine the way I felt after we separated," he says. "I was miserable so I searched the world for anything that might bring me some semblance of happiness. The blood of the jewels is the only thing that can free me of my misery."

"But it's wrong."

"Not being able to be with you because I'm one thing and you're another. That's what is wrong." I once believed the same thing about me and Avery so I understand where he's coming from. "I wanted you to live the dream. To experience everything life had to offer. A husband. A family. Sunlight. Happiness. You could never have had those things with me."

"I went on to experience everything you wanted for me. I have a husband and a family I love very much including a granddaughter you're holding captive." His eyes widen as he steps back. "She's a mother. She has two newborn babies at home-my great-granchildren-and they desperately need her. They've not done well since she was taken and I fear for their health and well-being. Please, Vin. They need their mother back."

He runs both of his hands through his hair and then laces his fingers across the top of his head as he appears to be thinking. "Silas," he sighs. "Bring the dark-haired girl."

"Yes, sir."

Anna puts her hand up to stop Silas. "Vin, you have two girls to release."

Vincent shakes his head. "I can't do it Anna. I have to keep Avery or I won't survive. I thought I'd die after she was taken a few months ago. I can't go through that kind of withdrawal again."

"Coven of Landra can help you. It's what they're trained to do," Anna tells him.

It's our job to help the unsavable but I'm not sure I could tolerate having Vincent inside my home so close to Avery. I could never bring myself to trust him.

"The only time I'm able to forget all the ugliness is when I drink from a blood jewel. And I don't plan on stopping. The Landra can't help me if I don't want it." He doesn't want to be helped. Suits me. I'm happy to kill him.

"Please try. Do it for me." Anna's voice is pleading.

"No." Vincent's face is pained. "I can't be cured."

Anna walks to Vincent and places her hands on his upper arms. "Don't ever say that. Vampires that can't-or refused to be helped-are destroyed. That can't happen to you."

Silas brings Chansey around the corner and she falls into Curry's arms as he reaches her. "Thank the gods." He squeezes her tightly and kisses the top of her head. "I love you, Chansey. I've missed you."

"I love you too. I've missed you and the babies." She lifts her face and Curry showers her face with kisses. "Tell me they're both all right."

He squeezes her again. "They're fine but anxious to have their mother back."

Vincent watches the union. "Take your granddaughter and leave this place. And remember me the way I once was and not as the monster you see before you now."

Anna shakes her head. "No. I know what will happen when I leave."

"It's the way it has to be." Vincent pulls her into his arms-and maybe I shouldn't be so quick to trust him with her-but my intuition tells me he would never harm her. "I was a fool but I've never regretted my love for you. I wish I had been selfish enough to turn you. We could have had a good life together."

"Anna, it's time to go. Lairah will take you and Chansey home while we tend to our unfinished business." She's hesitant to let go. I'm guessing she suspects what will come next. Vincent will refuse the one last offer of help and that's when things are going to become violent.

"Chansey, please wait for me in the car with Lairah," Anna says.

I see the exhaustion on Chansey's face. She doesn't have the strength to debate the issue and she accepts assistance with walking when Lairah offers.

Anna waits until Chansey is safely out of hearing range. "What makes my granddaughter a blood jewel?" He looks to the floor to avoid her eyes but Anna is persistent. "I need to know for her. And her children. If you ever had any feelings for me, you must tell me."

He's hesitant but finally answers. "All blood jewels are agapes but not all agapes are blood jewels."

"What makes Chansey and Avery different from other agapes?" Anna asks.

"It happens one of two ways." He lifts his face so he can see her eyes. "Their human mothers or a maternal descendent shared blood with a vampire."

Shared could mean two different things and we need to know the difference. "Shared as in gave or shared as in drank?" I ask.

"Does it matter?" He deflects answering with a question.

How could he think it wouldn't? "Hell yes, it matters. There are countless blood swans all over the world. They have the right to know if they're putting their future daughters at risk."

Vincent hesitates before replying. "There is no risk for the blood swans. It only happens when the mother or one of her maternal descendants drinks the blood of a vampire."

I've never heard of this and I can tell Curry hasn't either by the expression he's wearing. "Why would a human drink blood from a vampire if she wasn't being turned?"

Vincent looks at Anna. "I won't have her subjected to any more of these questions."

Anna closes her eyes and tears roll down each of her cheeks. "I did this to Chansey. She'll spend the rest of her life in danger because I tried to make you turn me."

"I would never hurt her now that I know she is your granddaughter." He's telling the truth. I hear it in his voice but that doesn't protect Avery from him.

"But other vampires won't care," Anna whispers.

Chapter Fifteen

Anna turns one last time before leaving the house and a look passes between her and Vincent. I think it's her final plea-begging him to give himself up to Landra. But I see rebellion in his eyes and expect no surrender from him. He's addicted to the blood of my agape-my heart and soul-so he dies tonight if he doesn't willingly return her to me.

There's no point in being unclear about our intentions. "You have two choices. You can come with us and allow Landra to help you with your addiction or you can die now."

"Fools," Vincent laughs. "Chansey had a get out of jail free card because she's Anna's granddaughter but you can't possibly think I'd willingly hand over my only other blood jewel."

"Actually, that's exactly what I expect. Avery doesn't belong to you. She's my agape and you know what that means. I'll fight until the end for her. And it'll be your demise. Not mine." He knows this so maybe he has a death wish.

"Your union is ordained by Anteros. Blah ... blah ... blah. Do you think I give two shits about your bond with her? I only care about her blood so there's no way I'm handing her over." He's persistent. I'll give him that.

"I'm giving you one last chance as a courtesy to Anna." I offer him one last out because I promised her I would. "Let Avery go or die."

"I couldn't if I wanted to. Something about Avery's blood has changed. It's richer now and my addiction to her is nearly insatiable. It's so bad that I fear my own unquenchable thirst."

Avery's blood is becoming richer to nourish the life growing inside her. And every time he takes blood from her, he's taking life from our child. I'm certain of it.

He has admitted he'll never let Avery go so there's no debate. It's time for him to die. And I'm not a bit unhappy about being the one to do it. "You tortured my agape for months. You murdered her parents and turned her sister."

"I turned Jennifer at Avery's request."

It's a weak argument and I feel the need to correct him. "Jenn was dying because you bled her dry. Avery didn't want to lose the only family member she had left so she threatened to kill herself if you let her sister die." He doesn't argue. "You persistently refuse to release my agape and you have no desire to reform so I don't have a choice. You have to die tonight."

"I watched my sister go mad from the withdrawals after you took Avery. She killed herself in the sunlight. It was a gruesome death and it's only a matter of time before my fate is the same as hers if you take Avery." He stands before me with his arms spread wide, his signal to invite me to drive a dagger through his chest. "I saw Anna and said goodbye. There's nothing more I need from this life so I welcome death."

Killing him like this wasn't going to be any fun. "You have no fight left in you?"

"I would have fought you to the death if Anna hadn't come but seeing her changes everything. She is a ray of sunshine in my darkest hour even after all these years."

I can't believe I feel mercy for this monster but I understand him on some level. "And you're sure you want to end it this way?"

"You must be anxious to have your agape back," he says. "Wouldn't you prefer to kill me quickly rather than fight?"

Curry addresses Vincent's coven. "What about the rest of you? Do you wish to die or go to the New Orleans compound and be reformed? Know ahead of time that it will be your demise if you choose to fight."

The remaining vampires exchange looks but one speaks up for the group. "We choose reform."

"Everyone is in agreement?" Curry asks.

"Yes," they answer in unison.

"Very well." I take the dagger from the holster around my waist and walk toward Vincent. He suddenly doesn't seem the monster I once thought him to be. "One last time. Are you sure?"

"You're doing me a kindness I don't deserve." He holds his position with his eyes closed as I prepare. I thought I'd feel a sense of justice or revenge but the feeling nagging at me has little in common with either. "Do it already."

I'm experiencing emotions I haven't felt since I was human. This agape bond is messing with my mind because I feel sympathy for this known sadist.

Vincent opens his eyes and sees my hesitation. "My incisors ripped through the skin covering your agape's jugular only moments before your arrival. She's lying across a blood-soaked bed right now fighting to stay alive while you try to decide if you should spare my life or not. Every second you stand here, her heart slows."

Not another word is needed for me to make the quick upward motion to send the stake through his heart. I take joy in his gasp of pain but it's him smiling instead of me. "Thank you," he whispers as he falls forward into my arms. That's when I know he was lying. Avery isn't fighting for her life. She's safe and her connection to me has never been stronger. "Tell her I'm sorry."

I could ask why but it would be a waste of breath. Because I know the answer. And because Vincent Godfrey is dead.

Chapter Sixteen

I streak down the hallway toward Avery and feel my connection to her grow as I narrow the distance between us. I come to the third door on the left but don't have to call her name. Her presence is stronger than ever before. It engulfs me, wrapping itself all around like a tight-fitting glove.

The door is locked to imprison her but it's useless at keeping me out. Nothing-wood, steel, or any physical being-can stop me from getting through the walls and door separating us.

She beats her hand against the door because she knows I'm on the other side and calls out to me. "Sol! I'm here."

I place my palm against the door and the sounds of her frantic pounding stop. I don't have to see her on the other side to know her open hand is pressed against the same spot as mine like a mirror image on the other side. "I'm here for you, baby doll. I have to force my way through the door. Move back so I can come through without hurting you."

I successfully kick through the barrier between us on the first attempt and I can't recall a time in my life when I've felt more relief than I do in this moment. I'm overwhelmed by it when I see her standing safely in the middle of the room and there isn't a name for the minuscule amount of time it takes to have my agape in my arms.

Sebastian once tried to explain the pain a vampire experiences when separated from his agape. My mind wasn't able to comprehend the degree of agony nor the instant relief when reunited but I understand now. Avery is my everything and the only thing I need to complete me. She makes me not broken anymore.

I hold her close but I'm careful to not squeeze too tightly. We're speechless as we bask in our reunion because neither of us needs to say or hear words. Our connection is more articulate than any words we could say.

Curry is kind by giving us a brief moment before clearing his throat. "I don't mean to interrupt your reunion but Sebastian is leaving with Vincent's coven. And I'm anxious to have my own homecoming with my wife."

I lift Avery from her feet into a cradle and she slips her arm around my shoulders for support while insisting it's unnecessary, "I'm fine, Sol. I can walk. Really."

"You could but you're not." She's been through hell these last two weeks but carrying her out of this place of torment isn't really about her. It's about me proving I want to be the protector she needs and deserves.

I kiss her temple. "This will never happen again." Curry opens the car door and I place her in the back seat before she slides over so I may sit next to her. Once inside, I gather her under my arm like a mother hen with her baby chick. I pull her close and press my nose to the top of her head. I smell his scent in her hair. On her skin. It's permeated in her clothes. "I will keep you safe. I swear this to the gods upon my own life."

Her eyes are closed and she doesn't reply but she's not asleep. I'm not sure if her lack of response is because she's exhausted or angry. Perhaps she's simply indifferent because she doesn't trust me to keep her safe. I can handle fury-and maybe even expect it-but a lack of confidence in my role as her protector would break me.

We arrive at the compound and Curry is in the house before I open the door of the car's backseat. I gather Avery into my arms and carry her into the compound to my quarters without stopping in the living room for the others to see her. Sebastian follows us down the hall and stands in the doorway as I place Avery on my bed.

He isn't with the vampires from Vincent's coven so I assume they are secured in the basement. "There isn't time to make the ten-hour drive to New Orleans before sunrise so we'll leave at dusk. They're secured in the basement so you needn't worry."

"I'm not sure that's a possibility." I don't think there'll ever be a time when I'm not consumed with worry about Avery's safety.

I move the wingback chair from the corner of the room and place it next to the bed. Avery's lying so still. Her eyes are closed yet she isn't sleeping. I'm afraid it's a sign she isn't able to bear looking at me. I'm terrified she won't forgive me for allowing this to happen to her.

But that's not what I feel from our connection. I sense relief. Pride. Love. But also despair.

"I'm going to step out so you can have a minute with Avery before Dr. Knight comes in to examine her." Sebastian goes into the hallway and moves to close the door. "She'll be in as soon as she's finished with Chansey."

We're alone for the first time and I take Avery's hand in mine as I lean over to press my forehead against it. She lifts her free hand from the bed and strokes her fingers through my hair. Her nails are gently scraping against my scalp and the hairs on my body prickle in response. It's such a human reaction to her touch. "You're placing blame on yourself but I won't have it. None of this was within your control. Vincent's dead and the others have chosen to be conformed by Sebastian. This nightmare is over so I refuse to relive it by not letting it go."

I'm a vampire-an undead creature with a tortured soul-so it's not my nature to let things go without dwelling upon the past. "I think I need to know what happened before I can let go and move forward."

"You think you need to be tortured by hearing the things he did." She knows me too well.

"I want to hear everything because I think not knowing is worse than hearing the truth. I'm afraid of becoming fixated on the unknown. I'll drive myself mad trying to figure it out through our connection." And in addition to my own punishment, I plan to use the information she tells me as a lesson well learned. It will be forever etched in my mind as a reminder of what happens when I don't protect my agape from other vampires.

I feel her reluctance. I see it in her eyes. But she'll do this for me because I ask it of her. She's unable to deny me the things I want just as I'm unable to refuse the things she asks of me. "I'll tell you but I want you here." She slides over and pats the bed. "I need to feel you against me. It's been too long."

She doesn't have to ask twice. I slide into bed beside her and she places her head on my chest as she stretches her palm over the left side. "How long were we gone?"

I'm surprised by her question but I suppose I shouldn't be. She's been held captive in a house without access to light. "Two weeks and two days." The longest sixteen nights of my existence.

"Time became a blur for us after the first night. The room where we were kept most of the time had no windows so we couldn't decipher day from night. It was always cold and smelled damp and musty. The floor was stone and the walls felt rough so we guessed it was some type of cellar." And probably full of airborne mold spores to make her sick. I pray none of them are toxic.

"Vincent allowed the others to share Chansey but he kept me to himself." The thought of them passing her around makes me sick. "The first night wasn't what I expected. He opened a vein in my wrist to drain what he wanted into a cup and then sealed the wound. He was never so gentle with me before so I was surprised. I expected a ravenous attack."

My expectations were the same as hers. "He was kind to you?"

"Only the first night. He wasn't in control when he returned." She's shaken by a rigor. "The addiction had taken him over again with a new vengeance. He had no self-restraint and was greedier than ever."

The second night was when I lost my connection to Avery. "What did he do to you?"

"He said my blood was different and better than it had been even at my highest adrenaline rush. He drank until I collapsed. Chansey thinks I was out for at least eight hours but there's no way to know for sure. I guess it must have scared him because he didn't come back for a while."

"Nine hours and twenty-seven minutes. That's how long you were unconscious. I felt it the second it happened and I knew the exact moment you woke." I pull her closer using the arm wrapped around her shoulders. "I thought he had killed you when I lost our connection. It took a lot on Curry's part to convince me otherwise."

She laces her fingers through mine. "I had someone trying to convince me everything would be fine as well."

I'm sure Curry used his powerful bond with his agape to keep her strong so in turn she helped Avery remain hopeful. "I'll need to thank Chansey for keeping your morale high."

"It wasn't Chansey." I lift my head from the pillow and Avery looks up at me. "Don't get me wrong. I don't want to belittle her encouragement but it was Eden."

"Eden." She must be the fylgia that appeared to me.

"You and I had so little time together before Vincent took me. I never got to tell you about my twin that died at birth. I know it sounds crazy but I see her sometimes. Chansey says she's my fylgia-a supernatural being that accompanies me in connection to my fate. She usually appears in my dreams but she acts as my guardian when she materializes."

Her arm feels cool so I rub it briskly from her shoulder to her elbow to produce warmth. "She guides me in protecting you as well."

"How so?" Avery asks.

"She appeared in Vincent's house while I was tearing it apart looking for any clue to where he had hidden you." Even now it seems unbelievable. "I thought she was you when I saw her standing there. Even her voice is identical to yours. "

"You saw Eden?" I hear the amazement in her voice. "I always thought I was crazy because no one else could."

"She's the reason I located the secret compartment in the mantle. It's where I found one of the original keys to the house where Vincent was hiding you."

She's confused. "I don't understand. How did the key help you find us?"

I pull it from my pocket-the place I've carried it for over two weeks. "The sigil identified the house." She takes the key and holds it closer to the bedside lamp for a better look. "But Anna was the one to recognize it."

There's a knock at the door just as I'm preparing to tell her the rest of the story. "That'll be Dr. Knight." There's plenty of time for explanations but for now I need to hear that Avery is the picture of health. "Come in."

Michaela Knight eases the door open and is carrying the black leather bag she has every time she has made a medical call. "I hear I have another patient." She enters the room and sits on the bed by Avery's feet. She reaches out and strokes her lower leg. "It's good to have you back."

Avery pushes herself up in the bed. "I'm happy to be back."

"I understand that you and Solomon made quite the discovery just prior to your kidnapping."

Avery beams. "It's true. I'm his agape."

"That's wonderful news." She pats Avery's leg and then looks at me. "Are you staying or going while I examine her?"

I don't know. What does a vampire do when his agape is being seen by a doctor? "Do you want me to stay or do you prefer I step out?"

She shrugs. "I don't mind you staying but I need to speak with Dr. Knight about some female issues so you might be uncomfortable."

She wants to talk periods. And the lack of hers.

I don't pick up on the scent signaling the menstrual cycle she should be having right now. It could be the result of the pregnancy I so strongly suspect or simply related to the stress or blood loss she experienced but I'm certain she wants Dr. Knight to confirm the cause. "Okay. I get it. This is girls only stuff so I'm out of here." I kiss her forehead. "I'll be in my office and I'll return as soon as you're finished."

I pass the hallway leading to Curry and Chansey's quarters as I'm on the way to my office. I want to stop by to check in on Chansey after her visit from Dr. Knight but I don't. I think knowing she is well would put my mind at rest but I resist because I don't want to disturb their family time with the babies. Or their agape reunion.

I know nothing will stop mine with Avery once I know she's well.

Chapter Seventeen

I'm sitting at my desk in my office staring at the paperwork that has accumulated over the past two weeks. I had a lot of business to catch up on now that Avery was home safely. I should use this time to get some of my work done but I'm useless because I know Dr. Knight is evaluating Avery's health. And possible pregnancy.

I cheat because I'm anxious. I close my eyes and reach out to that place where only Avery and I exist. I'm inside for a brief moment before she knows I'm there and she pushes me away. That's never happened before. How did she do that?

I hear the chime of the doorbell and I walk over to open the door. It's Curry.

"Just checking in on you while Dr. Knight is with Avery. You doing okay?"

No, I'm not. "Avery just pushed me out of our connection."

He laughs. "Chansey must have taught her that little trick. It's annoying as hell, isn't it?"

Right now I don't find it annoying. It's ... hurtful. I want to be there with her-even if it's not physically-when she learns if she's pregnant or not. "How did she do that?"

"You close the invisible gate. It takes concentration and a lot of practice. I bet Chansey has been coaching her for the past two weeks."

I don't understand. "Why would she want to shut me out? Isn't that why we are what we are? So we can know everything about one another inside and out?"

"Everyone needs a little privacy-even from the agape bond. Trust me. It can cause problems when you know every little emotion. There'll be times when you don't want her to know how you feel and you'll be glad there's a way to turn it off."

I don't like this. At all. "It feels like she's hiding something from me."

"It's not exactly hiding. Agapes don't have the power to do that because you can't keep secrets from one another. Think of it as withholding. Or postponing. The truth will always come out unless she never thinks of it again. If that happens then whatever it is must be of very little consequence and doesn't matter anyway."

Is it okay to ask about Chansey's condition? Do I want to know? I'm guessing it must be good or Curry wouldn't be here now. "Chansey is healthy?"

"She's well enough to send me for a status on Avery. And maybe keep you occupied while she's being examined," he laughs. "Michaela suggested a sedative but she refused because she wants to nurse the babies. I was afraid her body might have stopped producing milk or the twins would be confused after having bottles for two weeks but everything is as if nothing happened."

Dr. Knight seems to be taking much longer with Avery than Chansey. Is that a bad sign? "I didn't think it would take so long." I'm growing more and more worried by the minute.

Curry looks at his watch. "It hasn't been as long as you think. Your fear and the fact that she's cut you off makes it feel like longer."

There's a knock at the door and I hope to see the good doctor on the other side. I'm instantly there with my hand on the knob to open it and I'm pleased when I see Dr. Knight. "I'm finished with Avery's exam. She's asking for you."

I've just learned that my agape has the ability to hide from me so I can't resist asking about her condition in case she plans to try to withhold information from me later. "Is she okay?"

She smiles and I'm relieved before she says a word. "Avery's strong and healthy so she'll make a full recovery. Her body is already working overtime to replace the loss of plasma. It'll take longer for the red blood cells to regenerate so I want her taking a vitamin every day to help with that process." She holds out a piece of paper. "She didn't want a sedative but I'm leaving a prescription in case she changes her mind. I would be surprised if she didn't have night terrors after the things she experienced."

There were nights when I sensed horror and panic from Avery after she arrived at the compound. At the time, I thought it was related to her fear of me but I see now that wasn't the case. She was having nightmares about Vincent. I wish I had known. I could have helped her through it.

"Avery thinks she's okay but she's going to need you more than she knows."

I was up for the task. "I'll be by her side every step of the way."

"Good." Michaela moves aside. "Get out of here. Go to your agape."

I thank Michaela but waste no time returning to Avery. I enter my quarters and smile when I find her sitting up in bed with several pillows propped behind her. Her skin is pale, which I'm certain will be the case for a few weeks but her hair is glossy. It's an indication her health hasn't been damaged to the severity it was when we found her months ago. The golden brown eyes staring at me are sparkling and her face is beaming with a smile that spreads from one side to the other.

She's wearing a clean nightgown and the evidence of her recent shower still lingers in the air-the fragrance of her favorite fruity, floral body wash and shampoo. I'm guessing a shower-rather than a complication with her health-was the delay. "Someone looks chipper. And beautiful."

I cross the room and kiss the top of her hair. I admit the sweet plum and orchid scent is more preferable to the former one. "You smell really good."

"I'm sure his scent was all over me. Being close had to be nearly intolerable for you."

"Never." She scoots over so I'm able to sit on the bed next to her. I cup her hand in mine and bring it to my lips for a kiss. "How do you feel?" She's no longer blocking me so I feel her happiness and her joy is apparent allover her face. She can't stop smiling. "Dr. Knight tells me you're strong and healthy. She expects you to make a full recovery."

"She says I'm very lucky my heart was strong enough to pump oxygen to my organs after the massive blood loss." She points to the beside table. "Good thing I can swallow big pills. The vitamins she left for me are enormous."

Her heart is pounding faster and gaining speed with every beat. "What is it, baby doll?" Her eyes become glassy and I try to sort through her emotions. Happiness. Joy. Fear. They're all running together and I can't decipher which is the strongest. "You're scaring me, Avery. Tell me what's wrong."

"Nothing in the world is wrong." She reaches for my hand and places my palm against her lower belly. "There's a part of you growing inside me." She places her hand on top of mine and presses firmly. "Our child is right here beneath your hand."

I had already convinced myself she was pregnant because I wanted it so badly. I'd believed it in my mind for a couple of weeks now-and even gotten used to the idea-but hearing her confirmation is surreal. The words are almost dream-like. "Dr. Knight confirmed it?"

She's smiling as she nods. "She wants to see us in her office tomorrow so she can start monitoring the growth. I'm much earlier than Chansey was when she first saw her so she told me to not worry if we can't see anything with the ultrasound yet."

There's no mystery as to when she became pregnant. "It's pretty easy to figure out how far along you are. Two weeks and two days as of midnight."

"That's not how Dr. Knight told me they calculate due dates. It's counted by the day I started my last period so technically I'm considered four weeks pregnant."

Already a month? I know it was Marsala's fault that Chansey delivered the twins early but she wasn't even three full months pregnant when they were born. They were on the small side but fully developed so they had to be almost full term. "I don't understand all that so I'm rolling with whatever you and the doc say."

"We discover we're soul mates and then get separated for sixteen days. When we reunite, we find out we're expecting a baby-or maybe even more than one. That's not the norm on any level. Are you okay with all of this?"

She really has no idea. "I'm so much more than okay with this."

Avery leans forward and grabs my face, planting a sweet kiss against my lips. Our mouths mold to one another as I move over her, careful to not press too much of my weight against her. I feel her hands pushing at the comforter so I lift my body and together we eliminate the barrier between us.

Our kiss is gentle-yet urgent-as our bodies press harder to one another. Her hands begin at my shoulders and roam until they make their way down my lower back to find the hem of my shirt. "I want this off of you," she whispers in my ear before pulling it up and over my head.

Her soft voice is a reminder. It's night and the vampires in this house can hear our every word. And movement. And each sound we make. It's such an invasion of privacy but I won't stop. I couldn't if I tried.

I'm certain Curry has joined Chansey in their quarters behind closed doors so they are shut off from all sound within the house. Oh, how I envy them that luxury.

The rest of my family is respectful so they've probably already stepped outside or into my office but I'm still asking for privacy just in case anyone within hearing range remains. "Go find something to do and give me one hour of seclusion with my agape. That's all I ask." I don't hear movement in the house so it is as I suspected. We're already alone.

She's wearing a mischievous grin. "Only an hour? What I have on my mind might take the rest of the night."

"I've been distracted for a couple of weeks so I haven't contacted the contractor about the new construction." I trail kisses across her jaw and down the side of her neck. "I promise to get on that first thing in the morning."

Her hands are sliding up and down my back. Her gown gathers at her hips as she brings her legs up and around my waist. "Good idea. The sooner the better."

We were only able to experience this kind of connection once before we were separated but I know this time will be different. I won't drink from Avery, yet I'll experience the best of both the human and vampire worlds.

I slide my hands from the back of her knees up her thighs. My palms are inside her panties and I squeeze her bottom as I pull her hard against me. She reaches between us and yanks the button of my jeans open before sliding the zipper down. She pushes them with her hands until they're low enough for her toes to hook around the waist and take them off. "Whoa, baby doll. That takes talent."

"That wasn't a one hit wonder. I can do the same with these." She hooks her toes around the waistband of my boxers and repeats the process.

I'm bare and I love the way her satin clad body feels against my skin but I want her naked so I gather the bottom of her gown and push it up. She rises from the bed so I'm able to lift it over her head. I toss it over my shoulder and push my fingers in the waistband of her panties and pull them down her legs so I can toss them next to their matching companion on the floor.

She's lying naked and I have to stop to take in the beauty of my child's mother. I place my palm on her flat stomach and I'm overwhelmed by the thought of our baby inside her. "I will love this child of ours with all of my heart and I will protect him or her with my life." I lower my mouth to her abdomen and place a kiss below her belly button.

Her fingers glide through the top of my hair. "I couldn't be happier. My life feels complete for the first time."

I kiss my way up from her abdomen until my mouth finds hers again. She relaxes her legs and my body nestles between them. "You're sure this is safe for the baby?"

"Doctor approved. I asked."

My elbows are resting on each side of her head and I cradle her face with my hands. "I love you, my agape."

I'm pressed against her warm, welcoming body when she shifts slightly for the perfect position. "And I love you as well, my vampire."

Her hips lift to meet me as I gently push myself inside her. She smiles as I begin to move and meets every one of my thrusts with one of her own. We find our perfect rhythm together and enter that magical place where only the two of us exist.

And this time is different-even more beautiful than I imagined. There are feelings and connections happening that we've yet to experience. And the deep affection between us is so strong that it deserves a new name because the word love simply can't do it justice. But all words are unnecessary when we're like this.

Avery's body tenses as she pants through her mouth. I feel her body contract around me-squeezing like a tight glove-and I can't stop the incomprehensible garble leaving my mouth as I empty myself inside her.

She goes totally limp beneath me. "I second that."

She giggles as I relax against her and every inch of my body from head to toe is euphoric. "I have no idea what I just said."

"I don't either but it made total sense when I heard it come from your mouth."

"Weird."

"I know, right?"

Chapter Eighteen

It's almost dawn when I hear the family return to the compound. They showed extreme kindness by leaving for the entire night so Avery and I could have privacy. I'm not sure where they went but I'll need to find a way to thank them.

It's eight o'clock and Avery is still sleeping. She's quite the sleepyhead this morning but I suppose that's to be expected after everything she's experienced these past two weeks. And since she's pregnant.

I trail my fingers down her arm and stop when I see a large purple and yellow bruise on the inside of her wrist. I lift her arm-careful to not disturb her sleep-and see bite marks up and down the length of her arm. I shift to inspect the other one and find the same types of crescent shaped contusions.

No vampire will ever drink from my agape again. Including myself.

I lie next to Avery as she sleeps and I remain perfectly still as only a vampire is capable. I'm not educated on the growth and development of a baby. I think it's too early for a human embryo's heart to beat but I listen closely for any evidence of our baby's existence. I hear nothing so I carefully move closer and place my ear against Avery's lower abdomen.

The sound is so faint it's almost nonexistent but I hear it. Lub-dub. Lub-dub. Lub-dub. I've never heard anything more astonishing in my entire existence.

I'm startled when I feel Avery's fingers in my hair. "What are you doing?"

I'm a little rattled by what I've just heard. "I wanted to see if I could hear the baby's heartbeat."

She's amused by my anxiousness. "I think it's a little early for that. Dr. Knight doesn't even think we'll see anything on the ultrasound today."

"But I do. I hear it."

Her eyes grow large. "No way."

"It's very faint but it's there."

She's simultaneously happy and sad. "I wish I could hear it."

Maybe I shouldn't have listened. It's not right that I'm able to hear the heartbeat when she can't, especially when she's the one carrying our baby inside her body. "I'm sorry. That wasn't fair to you."

"Don't be sorry. I'm thrilled to know there's already a heartbeat."

My mind is whirling. "Maybe there's a way for you to hear it."

"I doubt it. Your hearing is far better than any type of equipment Dr. Knight will have in her office."

That's not what I had in mind at all. "No. I wonder if you'd be able to hear it through our connection."

"It's an interesting idea if nothing else. It wouldn't hurt to try so I'm up for it."

I place my ear to her lower abdomen. "Concentrate on our place where it's only us." She strokes my hair and I close my eyes so I can focus as well. I listen until I'm able to pick up on the sound again and then I centralize all of my thoughts on connecting with Avery.

Our connection comes easy and I sense how hard she's trying to find the sound within my head. It's a peculiar feeling-one I've never experienced-and then I feel her burst of happiness and know she is able to hear our baby's heart beating.

She's silent and perfectly still but the happiness animating from her is unmistakable. "I hear it. It's hard to wrap my head around it being so tiny and already so amazing."

Maybe she can't believe it but I can. "This baby is genetically tied to you so it doesn't have much choice in the amazing department."

"You contributed half the genes and I happen to think you rank pretty high in the amazing department yourself." She leans up and kisses the top of my head. "Thank you for giving me this baby. And for giving me the gift of hearing it's beating heart. I'm glad you and I were able to do that together at home instead of in a doctor's office using cold, foreign instruments."

She laces her fingers with mine. "I'm happy I was able to give you that, love."

"I hope I'm able to give you something as equally special one day."

"I'll think of something." Nothing could top the special gift she was giving me but I had thought of something else I wanted from her. Now wasn't the right time to bring it up. I needed perfect words-and a beautiful ring-so she would give me the answer I desperately wanted to hear.

I'm driving Avery in my black Lexus convertible to her first prenatal appointment with Dr. Knight. I bought the car about a month after she came to live with us. I was searching for anything that might bring some distraction from her presence but looking back on that decision, it seems so ridiculous now. What kind of vampire buys a convertible he can never drive in the sun with the top down?

Oddly enough, I can now if I'm willing to accept the minor sting that goes along with sun exposure. But this car isn't baby friendly so I guess I'm trading it for something designed to fit a family.

Weird. I'm thinking like a human husband and father.

"What's so funny?"

She's picked up on my internal conversation with myself. "This car."

"And why is it amusing?" she asks. "I happen to love it."

"I have to get rid of it after I'm able to drop the top and drive it in the sun. The irony of it is humorous to me."

She takes my hand in hers. "I say keep it and enjoy the sun."

Most women wouldn't want their mate driving around in a car that gets so much attention. "You'd be okay with that?"

"Of course. Why wouldn't I be if it brings you joy?" We are mates. She knows I wouldn't look in another woman's direction.

"We need something for a family. I guess I'll get rid of one of the other vehicles since the garage won't hold another." I have too many anyway. I can only drive one car at a time.

I have chased pleasure in material things since becoming a vampire but nothing has ever fulfilled the need inside of me until Avery. My fruitless search for happiness is finally over because I have everything I need in her. Except my ring on her finger but I plan to remedy that as soon as possible. We aren't bound by human standards but it only seems right for her to be my wife before this baby arrives.

Avery is sitting on the exam table clutching her gown closed when Dr. Knight and a nurse enter the exam room. She takes a seat on a rolling stool. "How do you feel this morning?"

"Great." Her voice is cheerful.

"And what about you, Solomon?"

"Couldn't be better."

"Good." Dr. Knight rolls over to the exam table and positions Avery. "We'll get the routine stuff out of the way and then move on to the fun part." I don't look after they place a drape over her legs and I hear the sound of metal clanking. I don't even want to know what's going on under that sheet.

No more than two minutes and she's finished with what she referred to as routine stuff. "You can slide up the table."

Dr. Knight holds the probe for the ultrasound in her hand as the nurse squirts clear jelly on top of Avery's belly. She places the wand in the goo and slides it back and forth a few times to spread it. "Let's see what we have hiding in here."

She's watching the screen as she moves the probe one way and then another but I have no idea what it is I'm looking at. "There it is." She points toward a white spot. "I didn't expect to be able to see it with the abdominal ultrasound but there's your baby."

She said baby so that means she sees one. But then again there was only one on Chansey's first ultrasound.

She presses some buttons. "I'm going to do some measurements to see how far along you are." She enters the data and a date pops up on the screen. "You're measuring around six weeks." Six weeks is still a tiny baby but it's already two weeks bigger than it should be.

Dr. Knight talks to us in terms she would use for all of her patients because the nurse is present but we all know the information is to be disregarded. This pregnancy is already showing signs of abnormality-just as Chansey's did-but at least we have something to compare it to. Curry and Chansey weren't that lucky.

Dr. Knight is busy entering charting into the computer. "I'll just be another minute, Jane. You can set up the room for our next patient."

"Yes, ma'am."

The door closes and she looks up from the computer. "We should scan you once a week to track the growth and watch for the appearance of a second baby. We should expect the unexpected so I want you to call me immediately if anything unusual happens."

I need to hear her affirmation because I don't want to assume anything. "You think everything looks all right?"

"It looks like a normal six week pregnancy but we already know how deceiving the first glance can be. We'll have to wait to see how things progress but I think we should expect rapid development since we know the exact date you conceived and you're already measuring ahead. I'm guessing we're looking at approximately three months if this pregnancy follows the same growth curve as Chansey's."

Three months. It's the timeframe I imagined in my head but hearing Dr. Knight say it makes it feel ... real.

Avery is quiet on the ride back to the compound. She's full of joy as she stares at the ultrasound picture in her hand-and I am too-but I can't stop the worry I feel. I try to push it away so she doesn't pick up on it but I'm unsuccessful since I haven't had practice. "This baby and I are going to be fine so please stop worrying."

"I'm your protector but I'm helpless to control the situation. It isn't a reassuring place for me to be."

"I'm quite sure all fathers experience the same uncertainties you're having right now."

Our situation is unique-only known to have occurred one other time. "There's only one other father that's shared the fear I have right now."

"Then it's a good thing he's your best friend and you can talk to him about your worries." I'm lucky in that regard but so many complications can pop up over the next couple of months. Seeing Avery hold a healthy baby in her arms is the only thing that'll give me peace of mind.

Chapter Nineteen

My conversations with Curry this week have eased my mind. Minimally. I remain consumed by my fear for Avery's well-being and the safety of our child has been added to my list of concerns. But it's a gift. Not a curse.

I managed to slip away from Avery one day earlier in the week. I scheduled a meeting with Jim Graff about the new construction of our private quarters-per Curry's advice-so she wouldn't suspect my true reason for needing to leave the compound.

Avery's in the bathroom preparing for bed so I take the white leather box from the drawer where it's been hidden. I've stolen glances at it the last few days at every opportunity but this would be the last. I'd be seeing it on my agape's finger from this night forward.

I return the platinum and diamond ring to the top drawer of the nightstand not a moment too soon as Avery is coming out of the bathroom. She's dressed for bed in a champagne satin gown and I love the way the color brings out the flaxen highlights in her hair and flecks of gold in her light brown eyes.

She pulls back the covers and climbs into bed next to me. She reaches for the lamp on her nightstand. "Leave the light on."

She smiles. "I didn't think you needed light to see."

My vision isn't what it used to be before she came into my life but I'm far from needing the dim light of a single lightbulb to see. "I don't but you do."

She slides over and runs her hand down my stomach. "And just what is it you want me to see?" I take her hand to bring it to my lips for a kiss and it earns me a look of curiosity from her. "You're up to something."

I certainly am. "You were gone for sixteen days and I never stopped thinking of you for a second. Not once. It was a lot of time for me to consider our future and I came to a conclusion. We aren't a mundane couple but we live in a human world. You and I aren't bound by the practices of mortals but that doesn't mean we can't follow their traditions." I take her hand and pull her to sit on the side of the bed before I open the drawer of the nightstand.

She's surprised. This isn't where she thought I was going when I asked her to leave the light on.

I drop to my knee before I open the ring box. "We're bound for eternity by something far stronger than human vows but it doesn't stop me from wanting you as my wife." I take the ring from the box and hold it up for her. "The bond we share is something the world can't see but this is an outward symbol of our love. I want every pair of eyes looking at you-both human and vampire-to see this so they'll know you're mine forever. I love you, Avery Violet Ferrand. Will you marry me?"

She's beaming. "I love you Solomon Braham Alexander and I'd be very happy to marry you." I slide the ring on her finger and it's a perfect fit. "It's beautiful-exactly what I would have chosen for myself."

I rise from my knees and take her face in my hands before I kiss her. Hard. A moment later she pulls away to catch her breath. "When?"

I press my forehead to hers and hope she's as eager as I am to make this happen as soon as possible. "I don't want to wait."

She's grinning. "Well, I guess it's the right thing to do since you've knocked me up."

"Very funny." I couldn't think of one good reason to wait. I can't imagine her wanting a big wedding since Jenn is her only remaining relative. And since her sister still remains MIA after the Vincent incident, we're her only family now. "Would you do it next weekend?"

"I would do it this minute."

I couldn't envision us standing in a courthouse before a judge making vows to one another. "How do you feel about doing it here at the compound since this is where we became us?"

"I can't think of a more perfect place."

Our wedding was small. Jenn returned just in time to be present so only those we consider family were present as witnesses. It was perfect and I wouldn't have had it any other way.

Dr. Knight encouraged us to honeymoon nearby so I rented a house on the beach about thirty miles from the compound. It's not what I consider an ideal place to spend my wedding night but we aren't left with much of a choice considering the short notice and limited travel. At least we have the entire place to ourselves.

The house is modern-which I appreciate-but the entire decor is beach and nautical themed. It's not my cup of tea. Nor is it very romantic. I would have preferred a honeymoon that included us traveling the world for two or three weeks but I happily sacrifice that for the sake of Avery and her pregnancy. Maybe that can be an anniversary trip one day.

We enter the master bedroom and I scan it after flipping on the bedroom light. The bedding is off-white. The walls are beige and the ceramic tile floor is a blend of cream and khaki. The furniture resembles driftwood but it's the decorative pictures of the beach that complete the bland seaside theme.

"It's charming." She attempts to hide the disappointment in her voice.

I laugh aloud, "No, it's not." It's a typical beach house for vacationers. There's nothing alluring or seductive about it at all. That means I'll have to work hard to make her forget we're not in a romantic honeymoon suite halfway around the world.

She walks over to the double french doors and swings them open before stepping onto the balcony overlooking the ocean. Her hair rustles from the breeze blowing off the water. "I love the sound of the waves rushing in. Especially at night."

The beach is a new surrounding for me. None of my vampire days have been spent in the sand and sun but I walked the beach at Pascagoula one night while checking in on Curry. I was quite fond of the way the sand felt on my bare feet so hopefully that is something we could do while here.

I approach my bride to wrap my arms around her from behind and I place a kiss on the side of her neck. "Then we shall leave these open so you can listen all night if you wish."

"I'd like that very much."

She links her fingers through mine and brings my hand up. She kisses the wedding band she placed on my finger only a few hours earlier. "I can't believe we're married with two babies on the way in a couple of months. I don't think our lives could be happening any quicker if someone hit the fast forward button."

Although I knew it was a possibility, I was still in shock about finding another baby on our second visit with Dr. Knight.

I slide my hands over Avery's belly. "I hope Jim is able to finish the construction before these two get here."

She places her hands on top of mine. "He will. He wants that bonus you promised for finishing the job in six weeks."

Jim's a good man. He'd work hard to complete the job early even if I hadn't offered the extra money. "He did a fantastic job on the compound so I don't expect less from him now." Unless the weather didn't hold and that would be no fault of his.

She turns and slides her hands up my arms until they're resting over my shoulders. "We'll do what we have to if we don't have our own quarters when they get here."

I plant a kiss on her mouth. "My wife, you are amazing."

She lowers her hands to my hips and pulls me hard against her. "My husband, you haven't seen amazing but you're about to."

Whoa. Someone is feeling a bit frisky. "Bring it."

"Oh, I'm gonna bring it." She sucks my bottom lip into her mouth before releasing it. "Give me a few minutes."

"Don't keep me waiting long."

"Never."

She disappears into the bathroom and I work quickly to light the candles throughout the room. I place my phone on the nightstand and choose the playlist I had created earlier in the week. A sweet, slow tempo song begins playing and I remember the rose petals Gia and Lairah sent with me. I scramble through the luggage and find them tucked away in the side pocket. I hope they haven't dried out. Crunching sounds beneath us on the bed isn't an appealing thought. I take a few out and they're still soft and moist so I toss them randomly across the bed.

Shit. I suck at this but it's too late now because I hear her turn the door knob.

She opens the bathroom door and is wearing a white lace chemise. It's sheer so I can see her body beneath, including her string bikini's tiny triangle that barely covers anything.

She's stunning. And all mine. "You look beautiful."

I think she's blushing. "I'm no virgin but it didn't feel right to wear any other color on our wedding night." It almost sounds like an apology.

"Come here." I take her hands after she walks to me and I pull her to stand between my legs. I glide my hands under her chemise over her bottom. "I don't want a frightened virginal bride tonight."

"Good. Because you're getting a wife with a case of raging pregnancy hormones."

Hmm ... Raging pregnancy hormones. That sounds like it could go either way. Really bad or really great. "I'm hopeful you mean that in a good way." She propels herself at me and we tumble back on the bed.

Oh, yeah. She means it in the best possible way.

She straddles me and unbuttons my shirt. Her lips are everywhere at once. My mouth. My shoulder. My chest. She's giving me some raging hormones as well.

I flip with her so I'm on top and shed my shirt before she brings her legs up and around my waist. I'm exploring my wife's body with my mouth but I stop to kiss her belly and she runs her fingers through my hair. It's early in the pregnancy but her body is already changing. I feel a slight protruding firmness that wasn't there when we made love a few days ago. "I can tell they've grown." I place one last kiss there before slipping my fingers under the strings on each of her hips and pulling downward.

She lifts her bottom to assist me and then sits up and pulls her chemise over her head. She tosses it to the floor and reaches for the button of my pants so she can help to rid me of them and my underwear.

This is it. I've made love to my agape many times but now I'm going to make love to my wife.

I lower myself and claim her mouth again. Mmm ... her kisses are sweeter than honey. And I feel like I'm able to enjoy Avery for the first time. I mean truly take pleasure in the joining of our bodies since I'm always inclined to fear someone in the house will overhear the sounds of our intimacy-intentional or not. "We've never been alone under the same roof. Ever." Everyone questioned my control with Avery in the beginning and it was a while before anyone would even consider leaving us alone together.

"I remember the first time we were in the same room without anyone else around. We were in your office." She didn't have to remind me. I could recall the moment perfectly. "I was sitting in your chair and you were leaning over my shoulder as we searched through the vampire archives."

"I couldn't concentrate on those stupid records because I was imagining what your reaction would be if I kissed the bare skin on your shoulder."

"I was so distracted by your warm breath next to my ear. I wanted to turn my head so my face could brush yours." She mimics the motion. "I had almost built up the courage and then Curry showed up and freaked out."

I wanted to take advantage of this alone time. I usually allowed our connection to speak for me since I always feared being heard but I wouldn't be silent while we were here. I had a lot of things I wanted to say to my wife.

I glide my hand down and cup one of her br**sts as I take the other into my mouth. I'm gentle because I suspect they're tender from the pregnancy. I roll my tongue over her nipple and it instantly hardens. "I've never told you how perfectly beautiful these are or how much I love them."

She pushes her fingers into my hair and arches her back from the bed. "And I've never told you how good it feels when you do that. I love it."

I hear her breath increasing. "I love to hear the change in your breathing."

"I do too. It means you're doing something really right."

I move lower, back to her stomach. "I love your body and the changes I'm seeing happen right before my eyes." I kiss her belly again. "You have no idea how much I love knowing there's a part of me growing inside you."

"Don't forget there's two little parts of you in there." Like Chansey, Avery doesn't acknowledge the fylgia possibility. To do so would be admitting we would lose a child and that isn't a consideration in Avery's book.

Her agape scent is overpowering my control and I climb her body. "I need to be inside you. Now."

"That's exactly where I want you." She lifts her hips and matches my thrust as I enter her. It's different because we're letting go for the first time-giving in to what comes naturally instead of exercising restraint.

"Aah," I hiss through my teeth. "You feel so good."

"Mmm," she moans while meeting me thrust for thrust. "Don't hold back."

It isn't easy to let go of my self-restraint. "I don't want to hurt you or the babies."

She grabs my face. "I won't break and the babies are tucked safely in their little cocoons."

She wants more so I don't hold back. I'm persistent until her internal body contracts around me. "Aah. Aah. Right there. Don't stop." She's squeezing me almost painfully as I tense and empty my body inside of hers.

She goes limp beneath me and I roll to lie beside her. I reach for her hand and lace our fingers before bringing it to my lips for a kiss. "I love you, my wife. My agape. And mother of my children."

She in turn kisses my hand. "And I love you, husband. My vampire. And father of my children."

Chapter Twenty

It's only a few days until Avery's pregnancy hits the three month mark. She's already been pregnant two weeks longer than Chansey. She's disappointed we don't have babies yet but no one knows the expected gestation for agape-vampire babies so it's a waiting game. However, we've figured out the standard for misery. And the bar is high.

It isn't easy for her-it's actually terrible-but she doesn't complain. I try everything I can think of to make her more comfortable but there's little I can do.

The ultrasound she had three days ago predicts each baby is around seven pounds so she has two full term infants pressing her internal organs in multiple directions. There's only one cure for what ails her and I have no control over it. I feel helpless.

"Want me to rub your feet, baby doll?"

"No, baby. They're too swollen. It feels like pins and needles poking when you touch them." That means anything including a massage is out of the question. "But I'd love for you to read to me. Your voice is soothing."

She loves hearing me read. She always chooses a classic because she says I become so lost in the words that my speech takes on a different voice-one from a different era. I hear some of the vocalization she refers to and I agree. I sound the way I did when I was a human living in the seventeen hundreds. "Of course I will. I'd stand on my head if it made you feel better."

Our reading time ritual began before I knew Avery was my agape but it's something we continued to do because we enjoy the peaceful time together. We once snuck behind closed doors to do it and the vast majority of those stolen moments were spent with her lying next to me as I read from her favorite classic books.

I already know which one she wants me to read from without asking. The Scarlet Letter. "Which chapter would you like to hear?"

She knows it well and loves it dearly because we were once so similar to Arthur Dimmesdale and Hester Prynne in how we hid our love from the others out of shame, fear, and ridicule. "Chapter six. I want to hear about Pearl and what a beauty she is." Pearl-the beautiful child that came at the highest price costing Hester Prynne everything she had. And in turn, she became her mother's only treasure.

Avery turns onto her side and wedges a pillow beneath her swollen pregnant abdomen for support so we can assume the position we always use for reading time. I scoot close to her back until our bodies are molded into one and open the original unrestored first edition I purchased for her as a wedding gift.

I begin reading Nathaniel Hawthorne's words about Pearl-a lovely and immortal flower without a single physical defect. I couldn't guess how many times I had repeated these lines about how the child is perfect and worthy of being brought forth in Eden.

I speak softly, much like I would if telling a child her bedtime story. I feel Avery's body relax and she falls asleep within a matter of minutes. I'm glad because the exhaustion she's experiencing from insomnia isn't good for her and restful sleep doesn't find her near enough these days.

I place the book on the bed and drape my arm over her waist to place my hand on her swollen abdomen. There's a lot of vigorous activity happening between these two tonight. I have no idea how she's sleeping with the karate showdown happening inside her right now. Hopefully they're trying to fight their way out.

I eventually fall asleep next to Avery but I wake when I hear moaning and heavy breathing. "Ohhh." I lift my head to peek over her shoulder because I can't tell if she's groaning in her sleep or is awake and in pain. She rolls toward me when she feels the bed shift. "I'm hurting-but in a good kind of way. I think I'm going into labor."

I shoot up from where I'm lying. "Is this the first pain?"

"No. They were irregular when they started but now they're every four or five minutes."

How long has this been going on if they're that often? "When did they start?"

She rubs her belly. "A couple of hours ago."

Shit. "Why didn't you wake me?"

"Because you're exhausted too. You were sleeping like the dead so I thought you needed your rest."

She's being considerate but I wish she had woken me. "I can't believe you've been lying here having contractions for two hours while I slept."

"Don't be mad. I'm gonna need you to be well-rested so you can help me later. Consider it a conspiracy to weasel work out of you."

"I'm not mad, baby doll." I rub her hip. "Where are you hurting?"

She shows me using her hands. "It starts in my back and radiates around to my lower abdomen."

I know pain is part of the normal laboring process but I want to take it away from her. "Can I do anything to make it better?"

"I don't think so. I just want to get up and walk to see if that feels better."

I slide from the bed and help her to her feet. "Should I take you to the hospital?"

Avery leans over and uses the dresser for support. "I don't think it's a good idea to be seen by the staff any more than necessary. I sure don't want to be sent home so let me make sure the pains aren't gonna stop. If I'm still having them in an hour then we'll give Dr. Knight a call and see what she wants us to do."

An hour passes and the contractions are coming every three to four minutes and progressively getting stronger. "You're breathing louder and moaning more often. I think it's time to call Dr. Knight."

"I won't argue with you. I'm hurting pretty bad so I think this is it. If it's not, I better be worrying."

I phone Dr. Knight and she's easily convinced by my description that Avery is most likely going into labor. "Okay. She's gonna meet us at the hospital." Avery is leaning over the bed rubbing her lower back. "Are you okay?"

"Yeah. I'm just trying to relieve the pressure. It feels like they're gonna drop out any moment." Oh shit. I hope we didn't wait around too long.

I scoop her from the floor and carry her toward the car. "You're being ridiculous. I can walk."

"Maybe you can but it's not fast enough to suit me."

"It's time." I say those two simple words as I cross the living room with Avery in my arms and the room becomes chaotic.

"What's happening?" Lairah asks.

I don't have time to stand around answering their questions so I continue walking as I call out over my shoulder, "Contractions every three to four minutes so we're meeting Dr. Knight at the hospital."

Shit. Her suitcase. I forgot to grab it. "Lairah. Can you get the bag Avery packed for the hospital? It's in the chair next to our bed."

"Sure thing," she says.

I stop to catch a breath before starting the ignition after Lairah places Avery's bag in the backseat of our new sports utility vehicle. "Do we need someone to ride with us just in case?"

She wrinkles her brow the way she does when she's confused. "In case of what?"

"I don't know. In case a baby starts coming out." She glares at me like I'm nuts. "Don't look at me like that. It's been known to happen. And there's two in there. The second one could shove the first one out."

She has a worried look on her face-almost one of panic-so she rolls her window down and calls out, "Will someone ride with us? Just in case."

I lean over and add, "One of the girls."

Even if something happens on the way, I'm not letting one of these guys see what only belongs to me. "I won't have to kill Lairah or Gia if they see you naked."

Lairah volunteers and climbs into the backseat. "You know it's only like a fifteen minute drive to the hospital, right?" She's nonchalant as if nothing could happen in that amount of time.

I put the vehicle into drive and pull away from the house. "Avery's feeling pressure."

I see her gaping reflection when I look up into the rearview mirror. "Whoa. You didn't say that part when you asked for volunteers."

I pull onto the road before she has time to consider getting out of the car. "That was for a reason."

"Asshole." She scoots to the middle of the backseat and leans forward. She peers over and sees Avery holding her abdomen. "Step on it, buffoon. No way your wife is hatching in this car on the way to the hospital if I'm in here."

I take Lairah's advice for the first time in my existence and drive much faster than I should. I breathe a sigh of relief when I pull up at the admissions entrance and see a staff member waiting with a wheelchair. "You must be Mrs. Alexander. Dr. Knight called ahead and instructed us to be waiting for you at the entrance."

Avery's put to bed and fetal monitors are applied to record the heartbeats of our babies. A labor and delivery nurse begins a health questionnaire and Dr. Knight enters just as she is finishing up. The good doc makes her usual opening joke-to put Avery at ease about what's going to happen next-but then she gets down to the real reason we're here when she puts on an exam glove. She lowers the head of Avery's bed and then her hand disappears under the covers between her legs. I might be a little weirded out about it if I hadn't already seen her do it in the office. "You've definitely changed from the last time I checked you. How much were you dilated last time I checked you?"

"Two to three centimeters and seventy-five percent effaced."

She smiles as she nods. "I'd call you five and ninety so you're definitely in labor. Number one is still head down so I'm comfortable with proceeding with a vaginal delivery if you're still on board with that."

We had already made the decision to attempt a vaginal birth since it is safer than a major abdominal surgery. It was worth a shot. If she had to go to surgery at some point, she would be no worse off unless she delivered number one naturally and then had to go to the OR to get the second. "That's still the plan."

"Perfect," Dr. Knight says. "We'll have the operating room ready in the event we need it. I'm satisfied to let nature continue its course since you're changing your cervix. I know you had thought of doing this without an epidural but I really prefer you have one placed. If the first baby delivers and I need to give the second one some help on getting out quicker, you won't appreciate the pain associated with the things I'll need to do."

"I will happily take something for this pain." That was a different tune than the one she had been singing about wanting to give birth naturally without pain meds.

"Okay," the nurse says. "I just need to do a few things and then I'll let anesthesia know we're ready to get started."

She waits until the nurse is gone and then looks in my direction. "Are you disappointed in me for getting an epidural?"

I couldn't possibly be let down by her decision. "I never wanted you to have these babies without something for pain. You came up with that on your own."

"I have to have something. The pain is so much worse than I expected and now I'm worried about Dr. Knight needing to reach inside to help the second baby. I think that'll be really painful without the epidural."

Ugh! I didn't need that visual in my head. "Get the epidural so you can rest and be ready when it's time for the babies to come."

"You're right. I'll need my strength when it's time for the delivery."

The next half hour is spent starting an IV and giving her fluids. I'm allowed to stay while the epidural is placed but I take a seat in the chair across the room where I don't take so much as a peek at what they are doing to my wife.

The placement is quick and easy and Avery is dozing before it's fully effective. Her body doesn't require the full dose to kick in for her to fall asleep because she's so exhausted. The pregnancy had taken its toll on her body and I would never forget how she tolerated it with a smile on her face.

The nurse doesn't wait long before she's back and ready to examine Avery. I had hoped she would be able to get a little sleep. "Wow. I think you were made for birthing babies. You're already complete and number one's head is pretty low."

I'm terrified. "That means it's time to deliver?"

"It means it's time to push," she laughs. "Pushing and delivering are two different things." I think I entertain her because I know so little about this process. "The pushing part can be over with quickly or it can take a while depending on how numb she is from the epidural."

Avery wiggles her feet. "I'm not all that numb. I feel my legs and I'm able to move them but I'm not hurting."

"That's the perfect epidural when you have muscle control but you're not in pain. It's a good sign that you'll be able to push well."

Avery's body must be perfect for birthing because it doesn't take long for her to have the first baby ready for delivery. Dr. Knight enters the room and a frenzy of blue scrubs rush in behind her. "Don't be alarmed. We always have the neonatal intensive care unit present for twin deliveries."

Avery smiles at me and I hold her hand while Dr. Knight is gowning up for delivery. "I can't believe we are about to meet our babies."

"And find out what they are." Huge tears form in her eyes and I lean forward to press my face into her hair as she whispers, "Am I a terrible mother for praying they aren't both girls?"

I had never had the guts to say it aloud but I had prayed the same prayer. "No," I keep my voice low. "You are a wonderful mother looking out for the well-being of our children."

She pulls me closer and becomes the one pressing her face into my hair. "It makes me feel guilty to pray for such a thing if there are two healthy little girls in there."

"I have faith that both of these babies are healthy no matter their gender. Don't freak out if the first one is a girl because it doesn't mean the next is a guaranteed fylgia. It could be a boy or another healthy girl."

Dr. Knight pats Avery on the leg. "I want you to push really hard with your next contraction."

Avery nods her understanding and less than a minute passes before she has another contraction. "I think it's starting because I feel the pressure building."

The nurse counts and instructs Avery on pushing as Dr. Knight reaches for instruments on the table by her side. I hear a snip and I don't even want to know what she just cut. "Okay. Here comes the first one."

I peer over the blue drape just in time to see a bright pink little person come out of my wife and I hold my breath as Dr. Knight places the crying baby on top of Avery's abdomen. "You have a daughter with a headful of dark hair just like her daddy."

Avery strokes her head while Dr. Knight clamps and cuts the umbilical cord. "Look at her, Sol. She's beautiful. And perfect. And healthy."

And her arrival makes it impossible for me to not dwell upon the safety of the other child as I look at her.

She's screaming her head off when the staff takes her from Avery to the warmer so we can work on getting the next baby delivered. The nurse adjusts the fetal monitor for the second baby and I see the strange look on her face. "Looks like we're running in the sixties." I can only assume that isn't good based on the nurse's worried expression. "Now the fifties."

Dr. Knight is watching the fetal monitor and looks at the nurse. "Give her some O2 by face mask." She continues watching the heart beat. "Avery, the heart rate is down. I'm going to give it a minute to recover. If it does then I'll let nature take its course and allow the uterus to do the work of pushing him or her into your pelvis on its own. If there isn't an increase soon I'll try to help this one come down so we can deliver vaginally."

The next sixty seconds is one of the most important moments of our lives. "There's no improvement so I'm going to see if I can help this little one out of there." I watch Dr. Knight's hand-and then arm-disappear inside my wife. I turn away because it's more than I'm able to stand seeing. "This one isn't coming on its own anytime soon and it's too high for me to safely assist. We're going to the OR if the heart rate doesn't recover within the next minute."

We already know that the fylgia is born second and dies after the safe delivery of the first infant-the agape. That could very likely be what is happening now but my heart isn't ready to give up on this child. "Do whatever it takes to save this baby."

Another minute passes and it feels like an eternity as we wait for the verdict. When it comes, it isn't good. "There's no improvement in the heart rate despite the oxygen. We can't wait any longer. We have to go to the OR to get this baby out now."

The room erupts into chaos as the staff scrambles to get Avery out of the delivery stirrups and back onto the bed so they can transport her to the OR. The staff is shouting back and forth and I'm lost as to what my role just became. "What do I do?"

Dr. Knight removes her gown and gloves and pulls me aside as the staff preps Avery. "We can't use her epidural for the cesarean because it isn't dosed with enough medicine for surgery. She'll have to go to sleep so you can't go back with her but if anything strange happens during the delivery, I'll need you to wipe it from their minds so they can't remember or document it."

A full whirlwind later, Avery is whisked from the room. I catch up and run beside her bed. I stretch upward and she rolls toward me as I kiss her forehead. "I love you and everything is going to be okay."

I just lied to my agape. I have no idea if everything is going to be okay. And we both know it.

"I love you too," she calls out as I watch her disappear down a sterile hallway leading to the OR where I once again have no control over her safety.

"You can wait in your wife's room, Mr. Alexander." I feel numb as I return to the place where it looks like a tornado just blew through leaving empty medical supply packaging in its path.

My daughter was taken to the nursery during the chaos so I'm alone behind the closed door and I drop to my knees to pray to anyone willing to hear my plea. "Please keep Avery and our child safe by placing your arms of safety around them both." I don't ask but it's what I'm thinking. Please be a boy so we don't have to worry about losing this child.

It seems an eternity when there's finally a knock at the door. I recognize some of the staff from earlier but there's a new face in the crowd this time. And it's wrapped in a blue and pink beanie hat and soft flannel blanket. "Here's your little trouble maker. I think you owe her a spanking for what she just pulled."

My heart stumbles. She? "Another girl?"

"You seem surprised. Were you expecting a boy?" she says as she passes the baby girl to me.

I hesitate in answering because I'm too stunned as I look at my second daughter. "No. We didn't know the gender."

"I don't know how you went the whole pregnancy without finding out what these babies were." I'm so glad we didn't. We'd have expected the worst if we had known they were both girls. "Looks like you'll be seeing a lot of pink around your place."

I immediately rack my brain to remember every detail I can recall about fylgias but all three have one thing in common. They died the moment they were born. And this child isn't dead. She's very much alive and looking at me.

I pull back her beanie to look at her hair and it's different from our other daughter's. This baby is blond like Avery. They are total opposites so it isn't possible for them to be an agape and fylgia.

I'm able to relax for the first time in months knowing I have two healthy daughters. One is like me, the other like Avery. And all is right in my world.

Chapter Twenty-One

I'm waiting in Avery's postpartum room when she's brought in from recovery. It's been more than two hours since she was rushed toward the operating room for an emergency cesarean and I'm anxious to see that she's unharmed. Our connection was severed when the general anesthesia hit her vein but it's slowly wearing off because I'm beginning to pick up bits and pieces of emotion from her.

I'm excited to tell her about our two healthy daughters but disappointed I'll have to wait since she's still sleeping. "I thought she'd be awake after she left the recovery room."

"She was hurting when she woke after surgery so we had to give her some extra pain medicine. She'll be groggy for a little while." The nurse is leaving when she turns back. "She did wake up long enough to ask about the babies."

I immediately panic. "What did you tell her?"

"I'm sorry. She dozed off before we could tell her she had another daughter."

Good. Avery would have lost it if she had learned the second baby was a girl. I need to be the one to tell her so I can immediately reassure her both babies are fine.

Avery is assessed by the nurse and then left to rest until time for vital signs again. She looks so young lying in bed with her blond curls fanned out on the pillow beneath her head. The beautiful sight reminds me of what a sleeping angel might look like.

It's still night but the others have gone home. They felt it was important we have this time to bond with our new babies so I'm alone with a sedated Avery when the nursery staff member brings them to the room for their first visit. Avery sleeps through the nurse's teaching about the care of our babies and I'm left peering over at them in their cribs once the nurse is gone. And I'm scared shitless.

They're so tiny. And fragile. I'm afraid I'll break them so I'm content to gaze at my newborn children from where I stand hovering over them. All is well for a while until one of them becomes fretful and her crying escalates into a screaming fit.

It's the dark haired one making all the fuss. I can't even call my daughter by her name because she doesn't have one. Neither of them do. We discussed a couple of options but never agreed on anything. Avery was determined one was a boy so we certainly didn't choose names for two girls.

I don't have a clue what's wrong with her but I pick my elder daughter up and hold her for the first time. She continues screaming and I rock her gently without any improvement in her mood. "I don't know what you want, little one."

"Sol," Avery says in the softest voice. She's finally awake so I walk to her bedside with our screaming daughter and lean over so she may see her face. "That's a welcomed sound."

She presses the button on the bed to lift the head and I feel her joy when she notices there are two cribs. "I want to hold my babies."

I pass our daughter to her once she's sitting up and comfortable. "This is the firstborn."

"Yes. My sweet, dark haired girl." She strokes her cheek. "Everything's a little fuzzy but I remember you, my lovely."

I collect our sleeping daughter from her crib and return to Avery's bedside. I pass the second baby to her and give her a moment to register the wellbeing of our second daughter before I tell her we have two girls. "Both are safe and healthy."

She's beaming. "Yes they are. I can clearly see that." She leans forward and presses a kiss to each of their heads.

"And both are girls."

She looks up at me and her fear is almost overwhelming. "No."

"Both of them are fine, Avery. One is dark like me, the other is blond like you. They're complete opposites so it isn't possible for them to be an agape and fylgia."

She's panicking and it's my job to soothe her through our connection and reassuring words. "They're more than two hours old. The second baby wouldn't have survived if she was a fylgia. But she did and she's fine. Look at her, Avery. She's alive and healthy. Watch her chest rise and fall as she breathes. Place your hand over her heart and feel it beat."

A single tear rolls down her face. "We have two daughters."

"Yes. Two very nameless little girls. We're going to need to rectify that soon. I'm sure they don't want to spend their lives being identified by the color of their hair or being known as the first or second born." We debated girl names for a couple of weeks but never decided on anything. Choosing names for girls felt like we were admitting we were going to lose one so neither of us would commit to anything.

"You really liked Sophie," Avery says.

"And you really liked Sadie."

"So we use both and we each get our preference." She looks down at our dark haired beauty. "I pictured a little girl with dark brown hair and green eyes like yours while I was pregnant. I think Sadie fits this one perfectly but she needs a middle name."

My dark hair and green eyes came from my mother and I'm reminded of her when I look at this child. "I'd really like to use Caroline after my mother."

Avery caresses the top of her head. "Sadie Caroline Alexander." She looks up at me. "I adore the way it sounds but I love it more because she's named after your mother." She moves her hand to the top of our other daughter's head. "Now what about a middle name for Sophie?"

"We're using my mother's name. Would you like to use your mom's as well?"

Avery's eyes glaze. "Sophie Elise Alexander."

"It sounds good."

"Just like it was meant to go together." My wife admires our daughters. "Sadie Caroline and Sophie Elise. Both are lovely and immortal flowers without a single physical defect. They are perfect and worthy of being brought forth in Eden."

She's quoting The Scarlet Letter and she couldn't be more right. These babies are perfect. I suppose every parent feels that way about their children but they can't all be correct. At least we aren't plagued with the unfortunate circumstance of being wrong about our children's perfection.

It's been three days since we welcomed our twin daughters into the world and today we are bringing them home to the Savannah compound. It's almost noon so the family is asleep-except for the Brennan crew-and we find them waiting for us in the living room.

Chansey swiftly rises from the sofa to greet us. "I'm so happy you're home. I'm beyond ready to meet these little ladies." Both babies are in their carriers and I place them on the couch side by side. "I'm sorry I wasn't able to make it to the hospital to see you but I couldn't leave my sick babies."

I guess being half vampire wasn't going to keep our children from catching the common cold. "It's okay. We totally understand."

"Are they feeling better?"

"They're on the mend but they scared me to death the night after these two were born. Both of them were making this weird sound when they were breathing. I called Dr. Knight and she rushed over. Turns out it was just croup. We took them outside in the cool air and it cleared right up." Chansey shakes her head. "I've never seen Curry so scared."

I don't have to imagine his alarm because the worry I experienced over Sadie and Sophie's delivery was still fresh on my mind.

Chansey stands over our new editions. "They seem so tiny. I can't believe mine were this small only a few months ago." She touches Sadie's cheek and then Sophie's. "My goodness. Curry told me they didn't look a thing alike." She looks up at us. "I thought he was exaggerating but I see now he wasn't."

Thank the gods they aren't anything alike.

Curry takes another look at the babies. "They'll never mix these two up. That's for sure."

"So, who is who?" Chansey asks.

Sadie stirs in her carrier and cries as if on cue to be the first one introduced. So far, she has insisted on doing everything first. "This little darling is Sadie." Avery unbuckles our crying daughter and lifts her. "She's the one with the robust appetite but I've learned I have about thirty minutes before Sophie will start in wanting to eat too."

"Mine do me the same way but it's better to keep them on a close schedule. James Grady got mixed up once and I felt like I was constantly feeding one of them. It took two days to get him back to his normal routine. It was exhausting."

We definitely didn't need that because it already seemed like Avery spent half of her time nursing. "We'll be sure to remember that and please feel free to pass along any other tips you may have."

I look at my watch and note that it'll be two more hours until their feeding time. "Want me to take them for a little while so you can catch a quick nap before time to nurse?" Avery's body has been through a lot recently. I offer to care for the babies often because I want her to have as much rest as possible. Although I've become incredibly human over the last few months, I'm still able to tolerate lack of sleep much better than her. Plus, I love the bonding time I get with my daughters.

Her eyes dance. "Oh, that would be lovely. Thank you, baby."

Avery manages to get two hours of rest before feeding time. She's already awake and smiles as she rises to a sitting position when I enter our newly finished quarters with the babies. "My body is on their schedule as well. It knows it's time to nurse because I feel like I could burst." She scoots until her back is against the headboard and gets into position before I pass Sadie to her. "Chansey's going to help me learn how to nurse them at the same time."

"That would save so much time." I watch my wife nurse our daughter and I'm still amazed by this new experience. I can't believe this is my life. It's too good to be true.

Evening comes and the occupants of the house rise from their slumber. Everyone is present in the living room to see our babies and I realize for the first time how much our family has grown over the last year. Eight new members have been added to our previous count of six but there's a new face standing in the crowd and it's one I don't recognize.

He's a tall man with broad shoulders and flaxen hair. His eyes are golden-and captivating. I've never seen irises that color. I make the connection and realize why. He isn't human.

"I have someone I'd like to introduce," Sebastian says. "This is Anteros."

The room is hushed but he breaks the silence. "Good evening." His voice is soft, yet authoritative. The way it commands attention leaves no room for doubt. It's reminiscent of a different time-and place-but I can't identify either. "I'm sure my presence at your compound is a surprise but I've come because I wish to meet my daughters and their mates and children."

Agapes are called daughters of Anteros because he is their creator but I wonder if his words imply something more.

He walks toward Chansey and hugs her. "Chansey. You are my daughter because I'm your creator." He releases her from his embrace but continues holding her attention. "I chose your family because of your grandmother's history as a blood swan. I knew you'd be raised in a loving environment that would nourish and prepare you to love and accept Curry as your mate. And I couldn't be happier with the way you have embraced your life as an agape. You are a wonderful wife and mother and you make me a proud maker."

She's mesmerized by him. "Thank you."

Curry appears lost but extends his hand. "It's very nice to meet you."

He spends a little time speaking with Chansey and Curry while looking at the babies and then moves on to us. "Avery. I've watched you from afar for so long, my child. It's so delightful to finally meet you." He takes her into a tight embrace. "And hold you in my arms."

His response to Avery is different than the one he had for Chansey. Again, I'm struck by the notion that this means more.

"Avery. You are my daughter because of the relationship I shared with your mother. You are the living, physical proof of our love."

Avery is bewildered by his words. "Are you saying my dad wasn't my biological father?"

"He wasn't. I am." Anteros takes Avery's hands. "The blood of a god courses through your veins and there are those that would harm you for that reason. That's why I chose Solomon as your protector. He's strong. Valiant. He'll protect you and he'll keep your children safe but there's something you should know about them."

I feel Avery's growing fear and it causes mine to multiply. It's terrifying to hear there's something we don't know about our newborn daughters.

"This involves all four infants." Anteros moves to stand between us and the Brennans. "There's a prophesy. A great battle will ensue among the vampire race. There will be a false leader to rise and she will attempt to lay claim as sovereign but there will be a group of six to lead a revolt against this diabolical fiend. Your four children are destined to save the entire vampire race from believing her deceit."

Our hearts sink because no parent wants to hear that his children-especially daughters-are destined to go to battle. This isn't what I would choose for them.

"They have the best of three worlds. Human blood gives them compassion. Some immortals consider this a weakness but it's the complete opposite. Empathy is powerful. Their bodies are half vampire so this makes them fast and resilient which they'll need for battle. But it's the blood of a god that will make them more powerful than any enemy rising against them."

The numbers don't add up. Is he including future children in the count? "You said a group of six would lead the revolt."

"Your children and two other male babes-also twins-are the only ones on earth with that genetic make up." I'm surprised to hear that there are two more agape/vampire children out there. Three sets of twins. Three males. Three females. I'm a father of daughters so I don't like the direction this conversation is going.

Anteros addresses Chansey and Curry, "Your son will take one of Avery and Solomon's daughters as a mate and your daughter will pair off with one of the males born outside of this coven." He turns to us and I can predict what he is about to say. "Your other daughter will be a mate to the other male twin."

Anteros motions toward the entry from the foyer and a couple enters the living room, each holding an infant. "This is Abel and Jenna Bennett. And these are their sons, Judd and York. They are joining Landra and will be living with you at the compound. The children must be raised together so they can train side by side to become invincible if they are to conquer Marsala Delphine."

Curry's entire body jerks in a rigor when he hears her name. "Marsala is dead."

"No. She used black magic to make you believe she is dead but she's biding her time." Curry rubs his chin with his hand as he always does when he's stressed. "Something happened to Marsala when you thought you were running that stake through her heart. Her once obsession turned to something different. Something darker."

He's clearly shaken by the news that Marsala is still alive. "Darker? I didn't think that was possible."

"It is. She's gone mad and wants to rule the vampire species so she may eradicate all agapes." He's speaking to all of us now. "She wants Curry to suffer the pain of losing Chansey and his children if she can't have him. Marsala is powerful and determined. That's two very dangerous characteristics so she's the reason the three of you can't remain agapes. You must be able to protect yourselves in case she gets through your mates. Once the babies are old enough, you will all need to be changed."

Curry isn't disturbed by this the way I am. He was planning to turn Chansey anyway but this isn't what I want for Avery. "No. I refuse to do it." Do I have the right to refuse Anteros?

"Solomon, I know what happened with your betrothed but it wasn't your fault."

How was it not my fault? I'd love to believe I wasn't the cause of Lisette's wrongful death. "I tried to turn her and she died. I killed her." End of story.

"Avery wasn't born during that time but once you were changed into a vampire, she was destined to become your intended. That means there could never be another for you. That's why Lisette didn't survive. Your blood couldn't supply her body with the things she needed to transition so it wasn't your fault."

I feel numb. "I've spent the last two hundred and seventy-five years believing she died because I made a stupid mistake."

"There was no wrong done on your part. It just wasn't meant to be." I wish I had known because neither of us would have chosen that fate for her. She loved life and deserved to live.

Sebastian steps forward. "There's one last bit of news." He appears happy-probably the happiest I've seen him. "Anteros has the ability to reunite me with Ella in a parallel world-much like the one where you join your agape when you share your special connection. It's what I want but joining her means leaving all of you behind and I'll never return again."

Ella is Sebastian's heart so he deserves nothing less than our full support. "We've had a great run, my friend. You've taught us well and your work will continue to be done here but it's time for you to be reunited with your beloved." I hug my teacher. My confidant. My friend. "You will be missed greatly."

We say our goodbyes but I'm not sad about Sebastian's departure. I'm happy for him because the vampire mate within me understands. He must go to his agape.

And in the blink of an eye, he is no longer with us. Vanished-gone to be reunited with his beloved.

But Anteros remains. "Curry and Solomon, you will train Abel in the ways of the Landra. The fighting techniques you use to apprehend and tame out of control vampires will become vital if you are to defeat Marsala and the army she is building."

"And our agapes?" Curry asks.

"They will be turned and trained after your children are weaned."

I'm frightened for Avery. I'm not sure she's cut out for vampirism and battles.

"I can do this, Sol." She senses my fear.

Anteros hears the exchange of words between us. "None of you should waste time worrying about your agape's transition. They will adjust quickly and become exceptionally powerful because of what they already are. Their strength will double yours and triple that of any young vampire they meet on the battlefield." That was a plus. If Marsala was building an army then they would all be fledglings.

I want Avery to be strong if she's to fight but I'm not sure how I feel about her having the ability to overpower me.

She laughs because she's so good at deciphering my thoughts. "Don't be that way, Sol. You might like being subdued. It could be really hot but let's face it. I've never needed physical strength to have my way with you."

So this is my fate. A beautiful agape wife. Two lovely, healthy daughters and more happiness than I deserve. Not bad if I do say so myself.

I entered Vincent Godfrey's house months ago believing I was part of the plan to rescue Avery-a mysterious blood jewel-yet she was the one to rescue me. I couldn't have envisioned her in my sweetest fantasy but Avery Violet Ferrand Alexander isn't imaginary. She is real. And my dream come true. For eternity.

The End

