Natalie

One Year Ago

The concert had been over hours ago, but the band still had another thirty minutes of meeting fans. I tried not to let my irritation at the ten women and five men still standing in line show on my face as I continued to do my job.

I just wanted everyone to leave, so that I could wrap this night up and go out with Devlin. That wasn't asking too much, was it? To get to spend a little time with my boyfriend, doing what normal couples do rather than having to share him with his fans? Well, I didn't think it was asking very much.

For the last few days we hadn't even had a few minutes alone, and it was about to drive me crazy. I couldn't even kiss the man I loved without having someone pop up on us on the bus, or climb into bed with him at night without something coming up to keep me out of his arms.

I was starting to think that fate didn't want me and Dev together. But that was ridiculous. It had taken us a long time to get to the place we are now, with us loving each other rather than fighting our feelings. I was happy, and there wasn't anything on the planet that would keep me from being with Devlin Cutter.

Without even realizing what I was doing, I stopped and my eyes sought out the man in question. He was sitting down at his table while the fans made their way from Axton's, then to Wroth's, Zander's, Liam's and ending at his. He was smiling up at some guy who was talking a mile a minute. That smile was one of my favorite sights in the world, the way his aquamarine eyes crinkled at the edges and his three-day-old beard hid the dimples that I was such a sucker for. His even, white teeth stood out against his dark tan complexion and made me want to kiss him to see if he still tasted like the toothpaste he'd used before taking the stage earlier that night. My heart melted along with another part of my anatomy when I saw that smile.

"It's weird that one of my best friend's sister is dating my dad," Harris complained as he stopped beside me.

I turned to frown down at him, trying to figure out if he was teasing me or if he was serious. He'd always found something to tease me about over the last few years. He was good friends with my little sister, Jenna, and I'd always had a soft spot for Harris despite the fact that I'd seemed to always be in love with his father from the moment I'd laid eyes on him. But this was a serious matter. If he really thought that it was weird that I was dating his dad, then I wanted to deal with it now.

Harris grinned up at me, reminding me so much of his father that it was hard not to love this kid as if he were my own. Yeah, now that was the weird part. I was twenty-two years old to his fifteen. That was extremely weird to me. "Relax, Nat. I'm just messing with you. I think it's kind of cool that you are with Dad. He's smiled a lot more in the last few weeks than I've seen him smile in a long time."

Relief washed over me and I punched him in the arm. "You are such a punk, you know that?"

"Yeah. You tell me that on a daily basis. But you love me anyway."

"Sadly enough, that's true." I punched him again and forced my attention back to the job at hand. I still had things to do so that I could leave when Devlin was finished. "I've got stuff to do; wanna help me?"

"You mean work when I could go back to the hotel, order room service and watch newly released movies?" Harris raised a brow at me like I was crazy for even asking such a question. "Yeah, sure, why not? I can help you out, earn brownie points with your sister, and make my dad think that I'm a good kid all at once."

"Brownie points with Jenna?" I questioned as I led him back toward the stage the band had performed on earlier that night. "Why would you need to earn-?" I broke off when I realized why he would want to. "My sister will never like you like that, Harris." There were plenty of reasons why I didn't think that Harris and my sister would be anything other than friends. But the major one was the only one that I needed to know that Harris was wasting his time on Jenna.

My sister had realized when she was fourteen that she wasn't into guys. Plain and simple. Of course, I was the only one who knew that little piece of information, because Jenna thought our mother would freak out at having a lesbian for a daughter. Jenna wasn't wrong. Stella Stevenson would probably disown her youngest daughter if she ever found out about her gender preference.

Our mother was a total bitch like that. I hadn't always thought that way, of course. When you're a kid you don't notice the things adults would about someone. It had taken Jenna, however, to open my eyes to our parent's small-minded bitchiness. When Jenna had run away to find our brothers because she was tired of our mother putting Drake down when Jenna would watch America's Rocker every week and gush that one of the judges was her brother, I'd seriously opened my eyes.

It was then that I'd realized that my brothers had never been the bad guys, and had their reasons for not wanting a relationship with my dad or me when their own mother had died. It had all been my mother's doing, and I couldn't blame Drake and Shane for turning their backs on my dad and me when my mother had forced our dad to turn his back on them when they had needed him so desperately.

With Harris helping me, it still took more than forty minutes to finish up all the after-show things that needed my attention so that I wouldn't be as busy the next night. When we were finally finished, I gave the fifteen-year-old a hug and told him to head on back to the hotel. Harris yawned and nodded. "I'm beat. Have fun with Dad." He grinned, flashing those damn dimples of his that were identical to his father's and, with a wink, left.

Laughing, I watched him walk away before I shook my head and lowered my gaze back to the list I had in my hands, making sure I hadn't forgotten anything. I was so lost in thought, my eyes critical on the long list in front of me, that I didn't hear footsteps until a pair of strong arms wrapped around my waist from behind.

Devlin nuzzled my hair aside with his nose and placed an open-mouthed kiss against the sensitive flesh just under my left ear. "Miss me?"

The mere sound of his deep voice made me shiver and I rocked my hips back against him, delighted at the feel of his hardness growing against my ass. "More than you will ever know," I assured him as I dropped my clipboard on the ground without caring if I'd finished everything on the list or not. Turning in his arms, I wrapped my own around his neck, letting my eyes drink in the sight of his beautiful face before brushing my lips over his in a teasingly soft kiss.

Just as I knew he would, Devlin made a low grumbling sound deep in his chest, almost like he was purring, and unwrapped his arms from my waist so that his hands could tangle in my long hair. His fingers locked my head into place so that he could take control of the kiss and devour my mouth in a kiss that left me aching for him in a way no one ever had before.

When he finally lifted his head, just an inch or two so that he could brush his lips over the tip of my nose, I was breathing hard and rubbing my lower body against his hard-on. "You ready to go?"

After that kiss I was more than ready, and going to some club where we would be surrounded with countless strangers for a few hours was definitely not what I wanted to be doing. "Can't we just go back to our hotel room and make love?" I murmured, placing my hands on his chest and tracing little hearts over each male nipple through the material of his OtherWorld T-shirt.

Devlin raised a brow at my request. "What happened to the whining girl who left my bed this morning, complaining about me never taking her out?"

If he hadn't been smiling I might have slapped his face. I hated it when he teased me like that. But I could tease him, too. "I'm a woman, Dev, not a girl. Your woman," I murmured in a breathy whisper as I stood on tiptoe so that my kiss-dampened lips could brush over his ear, making him tremble just like I had earlier. "And your woman has every right to change her mind a thousand times before she finally decides to settle on what she really wants. And what your woman wants right now is for you to take her back to your room and let her suck your dick."

With a muttered curse, Devlin picked me up and tossed me over his shoulder. One big hand swatted across my ass, making a loud smacking sound as he hurried for the closest exit. "You are an evil little bitch, you know that, Nat?"

I propped my head up on my hand so that I didn't get dizzy from the way he was carrying me. "So you've told me a hundred times before. But you like it."

"No, babe. I fucking love it." He was practically sprinting as he headed toward a row of taxies waiting in front of the civic center, his long legs eating up the distance in no time. I heard a door open and then he dropped me onto the bench seat before climbing in after me. But instead of the address of our hotel, he gave the name of the club he'd mentioned over lunch earlier that day.

"Dev," I whined, wanting to just go back to our room and have him sink deep into me for the rest of the night.

With a deep chuckle he wrapped his arms around me again and pulled me against his side. "Nat," he mocked me. "Relax. We'll have more than enough time for that later. Right now I want to take my woman out and show her off at the club. Just like you begged me to this morning." His lips captured mine and his tongue snuck out, licking my bottom lip until I opened for him.

We were still kissing when the taxi pulled to a stop in front of a club with a line of people all the way down the block. The driver cleared his throat loudly and Devlin grumbled something against my lips before finally lifting his head and tossing a hundred-dollar bill at the man. "Keep the change," he bit out as he opened the door and pulled me out behind him.

Once we were on the sidewalk, Devlin stopped and kissed me again. His long, raven black hair fell forward, shielding us from the crowd that was lined up behind us. His hands wrapped around my neck, telling me that he didn't want me going anywhere anytime soon. Didn't he know that I would never be the first to step back? I loved him more than anything or anyone on the planet. He was the reason I woke up every morning with a smile on my face, the reason I hadn't already lost my mind on this tour.

How long we stood there getting lost in our kiss I couldn't honestly say. When he finally lifted his head, his aquamarine eyes were dark with passion and he was smiling. "Later," he promised.

I licked my lips, sighing when I tasted him there. "Yeah, later."

Laughing, he grasped my hand and entwined our fingers, pulling me toward the front of the line where two huge bouncers stood with headsets sticking from their ears and a clipboard. The first guy frowned at Devlin but the second stepped forward and shook his hand. "Welcome back, Mr. Cutter."

"Thanks, man." He reached into his pocket and pulled out something before seamlessly passing it over to the other man. Another hundred or two, I was sure. Would I ever get over the fact that I was now surrounded by money? Sure, I hadn't grown up poor, but we sure as hell hadn't been rich by anyone's standards. Devlin didn't carry anything less than a ten-dollar bill in his wallet. If he got fives or ones back, he just gave them away. Normally it was as a tip to whatever service worker who had handed his change back to him.

The man's eyes drifted over to me and he smirked when he took in my kiss-swollen lips. I shot him a glare and then the finger, making Devlin laugh as he stepped around the two bouncers and into the club, much to the loud protesting of the people still in line. I knew that look well. I'd gotten it more than once over the last few weeks. People knew who Devlin was, and they had never-not ever-seen him with the same chick more than once. When they looked at me they assumed I was just Devlin's piece of ass for the night and would be discarded come morning.

And that was when I got to do the smirking because I knew that I was going to be in my rocker's bed the next night and the night after and the night after that. He had promised me that our relationship was something special to him. That what we had would last because he cared about me.

Sure, it hadn't been a declaration of love, but it had been good enough for me. We'd only been dating for a few weeks now, and I wasn't in a rush. We had the rest of our lives to say those three little words to each other. It wasn't like I was expecting him to suddenly spit it out and drop to his knees begging me to marry him.

Devlin had made it more than clear long before we'd even gotten together that he didn't believe in marriage. I figured that unless something major changed with his way of thinking, then we wouldn't be tying any knots. I was okay with that, though. I didn't need a ring and a piece of paper to tell me that Devlin was mine any more than he did.

Marriage didn't automatically make things better, in my opinion. It didn't give your relationship superpowers and kept you or your spouse from cheating or doing something else just as stupid. It just showed the outside world that you were that committed to that person-at least for the moment. Divorce was a get-out-of-jail-free card and you could move on to the next relationship.

Inside the club we moved straight for the bar. Devlin ordered a beer for himself and a glass of my favorite wine for me. I loved that I didn't have to tell him what I wanted. He knew me well and always thought about what I wanted or needed, in and out of bed.

When the drinks were placed in front of us I reached for my glass but Devlin shook his head and lifted it to his lips. With his eyes locked on mine he took a small sip before offering the glass to me. My panties dampened even more than they already were as I turned the glass so that I could put my lips where his had just been. As I took my first sip, his eyes darkened and he mouthed a curse before swallowing half his beer in one gulp.

Laughing, I took another drink of my wine and grabbed his hand. I didn't need alcohol tonight. I just needed him. "Dance with me?"

With another swallow, the bottle of Samuel Adams was empty and he followed me onto the dance floor. For the next hour I wrapped myself around Devlin and let myself go to the beat of the music. I'd always loved to dance, but with Devlin holding me close even through the fast songs, it was an exhilarating experience.

As we danced he kissed me from time to time, but never more than a brush of his lips over mine. We both knew that if we kissed like we both wanted, that we would end up in a bathroom stall, and Devlin would hate himself afterwards. I would hate both of us too. The two times that we had done something like that he'd been pissed at himself for days afterwards because he respected me more than that.

I'd felt pretty dirty myself.

Sweating like crazy, I finally let him lead me from the dance floor to rehydrate. We sat at the bar while he drank another beer and I sipped at my water. I curled my fingers around the ends of his hair. My own hair was a light brown, with a few natural blond highlights. It wasn't as long as his, but there weren't very many people who did have hair as long and healthy as his. He loved my hair just as much as I loved his. When we were in bed, lying beside each other, he would lift a few locks of my hair and kiss them as reverently as if he were kissing my skin when we made love.

Devlin leaned forward and kissed me, deeper than he had in over an hour. The taste of beer didn't completely mask his own unique taste and I opened my mouth, silently begging him to take more. When he did, I knew it was past time we left. My panties were drenched and I was throbbing between my legs for his attention.

Without warning, Devlin stumbled against me. His hands caught me around the waist, righting us both before I hit the bar. His eyes asked me if I was okay and I nodded before he turned with a snarl to the man who had just pushed him.

"What the fuck, asshole?" Devlin demanded as he faced Zander. "You nearly made me fall on my girl."

I bit back a groan at the sight of Zander standing there. His glassy eyes told me he was drunk, without having to see the further proof of it in the way he was walking. He'd been drinking a lot more often over the last few weeks, even more so when Devlin and I started seeing each other. I knew it was because of me and I hated it. I'd never led him on, had always made it obvious that all we would ever be was friends. That didn't seem to matter to Zander, because he'd been nothing but an angry bear to me and everyone else.

"Sorry, bro. I didn't see you standing there," Zander said with a sneer before turning his attention back to the bartender and ordering a shot and a beer.

Devlin clenched his fists at his sides and I could tell he was about to punch his friend. Emmie had threatened to join the tour if they got into another fight, and I honestly didn't want to see more bloodshed between the two men. Stepping between Devlin and Zander, I put my hands on Devlin's chest. "I'm ready to go, babe."

Aquamarine eyes lost some of their hostility when they landed on my face and I breathed a sigh of relief. "Let me pay the tab, baby, and we'll go."

"Don't let me rush you off." Zander tossed his shot of whisky back and slammed the small glass on the bar top. Picking up his beer, he turned toward us. Devlin was talking to the bartender who had started his tab. I tried to ignore Zander, not wanting to make Dev any more upset than he already was. The two had once been best friends but now, because of me, they could barely stand each other. I hated that I was the cause of the rift between them.

Zander's cold hand wrapped around my elbow and swung me around to face him. The smell of alcohol on his breath made me blink a few times it was so strong. "Stay and dance with me, Nat."

I gave him a grim smile, not wanting to hurt his feelings. Until recently, I'd thought we were good friends. Now I wasn't so sure. "I'm tired, Z. I just want to go back to the hotel and go to bed."

"No, you want to go back to the hotel and fuck Dev." His words made me gasp in pain because they had been like a slap in the face. I didn't deserve for him to talk to me like that. "It's alright. I just don't get it, though. Dev's won the bet, so I figured once he had been in your pants he would move on. Must be some good pussy."

If his first words had been a slap, the rest were a punch to the gut. I felt tears burn my eyes even as confusion clouded my brain. "What do you mean, bet?" I demanded louder than I'd intended.

Behind me, I felt Devlin wrap an arm around me as he turned back from paying our bill. At my question, however, I felt him stiffen. Zander gave me a drunken grin and tipped his beer bottle to his lips, making me wait for a response even as I felt Devlin shifting behind me.

"The bet I made with Dev two months ago, babe; the one that he put his prized John Bonham drumsticks up for grabs against my signed Geddy Lee bass." Another drink of beer, this one longer as his words burned like acid across my skin.

My fingers were trembling as I grabbed the beer bottle from him and threw it on the ground where it shattered and spilled the rest of the contents across my sandal-clad feet. "What was the bet, Z?" I demanded through gritted teeth.

Another shrug, as if he didn't know or just didn't care that his next words were going to shatter my heart. As if his words weren't going to destroy me to the point of no return. "First one to bag you was the winner. Lucky for Dev, he now has my bass."

Devlin moved so fast I didn't see the fist as he swung out and punched Zander. Zander stumbled back, knocking three people down in the process. I just stood there, watching with deadened eyes as Devlin jumped his best friend. I didn't move out of the way as Zander somehow rolled and started punching Dev in the head. The glass from the broken beer bottle didn't faze them as they rolled around, fighting.

The fight went on and on. People moved quickly to get out of their way. A table was destroyed, along with two chairs and numerous bottles and glasses. I remember watching a live MMA fight with Linc once, and that was what the two men before me seemed to be doing right then. They twisted at odd angles to get their punches in, didn't seem to care if they fought dirty or not when Zander double-punched Devlin in the stomach and then kneed him in the balls.

Wasn't that a big taboo with men? Never go for another man's package?

Devlin groaned in pain but didn't pause in his attempt to annihilate his friend. He gained the upper hand in a move that I wasn't sure possible for such a tall man and started hitting Zander in the ribs.

Two bouncers broke through the crowd and tried to pull Devlin off Zander. He shrugged them off like they were just bees that annoyed him. Two more stepped forward to help and finally they were able to break the two rockers apart. Both were bleeding, throwing curses at each other in a verbal battle now that they couldn't continue with their fists.

Still I remained where I was, not even sure if I was breathing because the pain that was ripping through me was so consuming.

It was all a lie. My relationship with Devlin Cutter was nothing more than the product of Devlin wanting to win some bet against his friend. All our nights spent in each other's arms, all his whispered words of how much he cared about me, worshipped me... They were all lies. I was nothing more than a bet. Nothing. I was nothing to him.

Natalie

April

I loved my job. How many people my age got to do what I did, meet the people I did, without a college degree or any experience? Emmie had showed nepotism by hiring me to be her East Coast assistant when I was eighteen, doing it as a favor for my brothers, but I've never given her a reason to regret her decision to give me a chance.

But tonight? I hated my job tonight. Honestly, I would rather have been in a dentist's chair with no Novocain while he filled every tooth in my mouth. Emmie had known that was the case when she told me I had to come tonight, and she hadn't batted an eye as she told me over FaceTime that it wasn't negotiable. I had to go to the freaking charity ball thing to represent her since she was unable to make it to the East Coast. Jagger had a fever and she wasn't going to leave her son when he wasn't feeling well.

I understood that, but why did it have to be me? Why couldn't my brother and his wife have gone? Drake and Lana were in New York for a few weeks to promote the new season of America's Rocker that would start in the fall. I got that Lana was having a rough time with morning sickness, but it was eight thirty at night; shouldn't that shit be over with by now? But what did I know? I'd never been pregnant, and it wasn't likely to ever happen since to get that way you had to have sex.

Sex was not on my to-do list that was always attached to my clipboard. If it wasn't on my to-do list, then it wasn't happening.

Muttering a curse, because I was pretty sure I needed to add sex to that freaking list so that I could work off some of my stress and maybe even move on after my messy breakup with douchebag Devlin Cutter, I stepped out of the town car that had picked me up from my apartment twenty minutes before. Knowing the driver would find a place to park and wait on me, I took a step toward the hotel, determined to get through tonight without stabbing someone.

It wasn't that I didn't like to represent Emmie at the many charity events that she always had her fingers in; if anything, I was honored to be able to contribute to such worthy causes. Like a battered women's shelter that Emmie had donated more than a million dollars to last year, or the new children's wing of a local hospital that Emmie and the Demons had all made possible right before Christmas two years ago. Tonight's charity ball was to raise money for a foster home that was specifically for children who had been badly abused. The money raised would go toward plastic surgeries that some of the kids needed because of the disfigurement their parents or someone else had caused during beatings, as well as a few other things that the children needed. I was glad to help out in any way I could for this charity.

What I was pissed about was finding out that Axton and Dallas, who also contributed to this particular charity, hadn't been able to attend and had asked someone else to go in their place. I was going to have to sit beside him, all night, and smile for the cameras that would no doubt be flashing as millionaires handed over excessive amounts of money. All night.

All. Fucking. Night.

Inside the hotel, I found my way to the ballroom, which was already overflowing with men in tuxes and women in crazy-expensive designer dresses with diamonds dripping off them. As I entered the room, cameras flashed and I forced a smile as I nodded my head at the hostess. The woman came over and I handed over the envelope that Emmie had overnighted to me. Inside was a check for an amount of money I was never likely to see in my lifetime. Emmie was very generous to this charity in particular because of her own childhood, and hadn't even batted an eye when she had told me how much the check was for.

"Thanks for bringing this, Miss Stevenson," the hostess who had made this ball possible murmured after the cameraman had turned away to take a few shots of the couple that had come in behind me. "Mrs. Armstrong is very kind to help us like this."

"It was my pleasure. If there is anything else that Emmie or I can do, please feel free to let us know." My smile wasn't forced this time and I returned her air kiss as we embraced. I moved on into the ballroom so the next person could have their five seconds of fame for donating to such a worthy cause by having their pictures taken and hoping it ended up on the society page tomorrow.

Yeah, I will admit that I hated pretentious people who used their 'generosity' just so people would think they were good people. Especially when I was sure that once those good people got home, they drank like a fish and beat their wives, ignored their children, and carried on affairs with their secretaries. Not all of them did that, I know. But a lot of them were exactly like that.

After a few steps I was swallowed up in the crowd. I worked my way through the worst of it and found a quiet corner where I could keep my eye on the people coming and going. I accepted a glass of champagne and tried to spot the man who was supposedly my companion for the evening. Or so Emmie had informed me two hours ago.

I was on my second glass of champagne and my third refusal to dance when it hit me: that subtle scent of Acqua Di Gio. In a room where expensive perfume was polluting the air, that fresh, clean, manly scent was able to reach me and teased my senses. My heart clenched painfully before my heart rate sped up, my hands growing damp, and my anger rising as I glanced around for the possible source of that particular scent.

Acqua Di Gio was my kryptonite.

Just like the man who wore it.

"Hello, Natalie."

The sound of that voice was like a caress. It skimmed over every nerve in my body, awakening it with a passion that had consumed me just as badly as my love for him once had. I closed my eyes and let the anger I still felt ten months later fill me. Anger was better than the love, the pain. It was so much better than having to prick myself on the sharp shards of broken heart that still lay in my chest because I hadn't been able to put it back together after he had shattered it.

I felt him step closer to me and forced my eyes open. Downing the rest of my second glass of champagne, I resolved not to break the delicate glass over his head and stab him in the eye with the stem. Zander had beaten his ass pretty bad that night, leaving him with a concussion, so I wasn't going to get violent with him. Of course, Devlin had beat Zander's just as bad. Z had walked away with fractured ribs and a broken nose.

Was it bad that I had felt slightly vindicated every time I'd seen them wince or groan in pain for the weeks following that enlightening night?

Turning, I faced Devlin, refusing to let a gasp escape me when I saw how devastatingly sexy he was in his tux with his hair falling over his shoulder and those damn hypnotic aquamarine eyes gazing hungrily down at me. No one should ever be allowed to look that good. I wasn't a petite woman, but I wasn't tall either. Devlin Cutter was one of the tallest men I'd ever met, second only to Wroth Niall. When I looked up at him, I had to crane my head back a little so that I could take all of him in. In another lifetime, I had loved looking up at him, loved seeing that look in those eyes I had adored. Had loved how his long, nearly black hair would fall over one shoulder and shield us while he kissed me breathless.

Tonight, Devlin didn't look like the badass rocker that he was. His ink was covered up with an expensive custom made tux, and his hair, while unconventionally long, only added to his charm. His honey-tan complexion was the product of a Spanish grandfather, but his eyes... Those damn eyes... They were the only gift his mother had ever given him.

I had to grit my teeth when I met his gaze. His eyes always told a story of their own. Of how much he still wanted me, how sorry he was, how much he missed me. I didn't need to hear the words to know that Devlin was sorry. The only problem was I didn't know what he was sorry for. For breaking my heart? For shattering me into a million and one pieces? For having his game exposed? I didn't want to know the answer-was scared of the answer, actually. What if he was just sorry he'd gotten caught? My already broken heart would be annihilated and I would be left with nothing. Not even the broken pieces would remain.

It was safer not knowing.

"Hello, Devlin," I greeted him coolly. "It was nice of you to come for Axton and Dallas."

"I didn't come for them. I wanted to see you." He lifted his right hand and wrapped a lock of my long hair around his finger, his thumb rubbing over the silkiness. Some men had a weakness for boobs or asses, even feet. Devlin's weakness? Beautiful hair. Sometimes I wondered if my hair was all he had ever seen, desired, and not me. It made perfect sense. It would have been why it had been so easy for him to make that fucking bet with Zander. "I miss you, Natalie."

I jerked away, forcing him to drop my hair or hurt me. I had to turn away or I would have opened my mouth and told him that I missed him too. I missed him every day. Every damn day. I shouldn't, but I did. I would wake up each morning with this ache in my chest because my bed was empty. I would go to bed at night with that ache multiplied by a million because he still wasn't there next to me and silently cried myself to sleep.

It had been almost a year and I was still crying myself to fucking sleep.

Douchebag.

Devlin

The sound of a violin and piano playing drifted through the room but I didn't hear it. Over three hundred people were in the huge ballroom, but I only saw one of them. Cameras flashed, people stopped to stare as I passed. I was oblivious to it all.

All I heard was the harsh pounding of my heart in my ears. All I saw was the gorgeous woman standing in the corner fifty feet away, sipping at a glass of champagne and watching the crowd with almost a bored expression on her elfin face.

Damn, she was beautiful. Large, blue-gray eyes in a face that could start wars-and had if you considered the war that I still had going on with my ex-best friend. A small, upturned nose over lips that just hinted at plumpness, but would swell to the lusciousness of Angelina Jolie's after I'd kissed them. The silver evening gown she wore brought out the gray in her eyes and molded to every curve of her lean, albeit curvy, body. Tonight Natalie had on makeup, making her eyes pop and her lips look ripe. Her long, glossy dark-brown hair with its natural sun-kissed blonde streaks giving her peaches and cream complexion a natural glow was loose and hanging just past her shoulder blades.

Fuck, I loved that hair of hers. Call me a freak all you want, but hair was my biggest turn on. I loved it long, healthy and shiny. Natalie's was all that and then some. But it wasn't just her hair that had attracted me in the first place. It had been the graceful way she had walked in and taken charge the first time I'd met her. She was quiet, but under that quietness was a fiery woman waiting on simmer for someone to make her boil over.

I'd gotten to make her boil over for two months before my stupid ass had let her slip through my fingers. And for nearly a year I'd been trying to fix what I'd broken, to get back the girl who owned me body and soul. The thing about Natalie Stevenson, though, was that she was a lot like her brothers. Stubborn was just one of the things that topped the list of how she was so identical to them in personality. Very, very stubborn. She wasn't ready to forgive me.

But I was stubborn too, and I wasn't going to give up. Not when she meant so much to me. There had never been another person to touch my heart the way that Natalie did. No one had even come close and no one else ever would. I'd tried to fight it in the beginning, to not fall for her, but it had been a losing battle from day one.

As I neared her, I saw the way her nose flared and I tried to hide my grin. How many times had I sprayed a little Acqua Di Gio on before going to bed just to make her snuggle a little closer and bury her face in my chest? Not nearly enough, that was for sure. I'd never been one for cologne, but Natalie had given me a bottle for Valentine's Day last year and I'd been wearing it ever since. Tonight I'd sprayed a little extra on, knowing that she wouldn't be able to resist it.

I needed all the help I could get just to get close to her these days.

"Hello, Natalie," I greeted, lowering my voice. I was rewarded with the sight of gooseflesh popping up along her arms. She loved my voice. Yeah, I was fighting dirty tonight. But all was fair in love and war and all that bullshit.

Her jaw clenched and I knew she was fighting the way I was making her feel. Good, baby. Fight it, because when you fight it I know that you still care. "Hello, Devlin. It was nice of you to come for Axton and Dallas."

Dallas hadn't felt up to traveling from Tennessee to New York for the weekend, so Axton had called me to fill in for him since he knew I was going to be in the city anyway. "I didn't come for them. I wanted to see you," I told her honestly. I hated New York, but I was here at least once a month these days. Just so I could see her, even if it was just a glimpse. It would ease some of the tightness around my heart until I could get back out the next month.

A lock of her beautiful hair fell over her shoulder and I was powerless to stop myself from reaching for it. The first graze of those silky strands against my fingertips made my already aching body throb with need for her. I wrapped it around my finger and caressed it with my thumb, torturing myself further, imagining those silky strands caressing my stomach and thighs as she sucked my dick like it was her favorite flavor of candy. "I've missed you, Natalie."

For just a second, one very brief second, I saw it in her eyes. The pain, the need, the loneliness. It was there, glaring at me so blatantly that it made my heart stutter in my chest. In the next moment her lashes lowered to hide it from me and she jerked away. Reluctantly I released her hair because I didn't want to hurt her any more than I'd already done.

A waiter passed and Natalie took another glass of champagne. When the boy offered me one, I shook my head. Champagne was too prissy for my tastes. I couldn't stomach the shit. "We have a bar set up on the opposite side of the room if you would like something stronger, sir."

"I'm good, but thanks." I would have loved a glass of bourbon but I needed a clear head to keep up with Natalie.

When the waiter moved on, Natalie turned to face me again. "Is Harris with you?"

I grimaced at the mention of my son. For the first five years of his life, I barely knew the boy. I'd only been a kid myself and I'd resented his mother to the point that I'd started to resent him too. But then Tawny had died and I'd been stuck being a fulltime father. After that I grew up fast and became a better dad. Harris and I had become close, and I'd been thankful that we had been able to have the kind of relationship where my son felt like he could come to me with anything. I wasn't one to judge; I'd done some fucked up shit when I was a kid, too.

The night that Zander had destroyed my chance with Natalie was the night that Harris's opinion of me had changed. He'd picked sides after the breakup and it sure as hell hadn't been my side. He liked Natalie, had even hinted a time or six during the two months that Natalie and I had been a couple that he wouldn't mind if she became his stepmother. I had been stupidly terrified at the thought of marriage, of being tied down. And yeah, the idea still scared the hell out of me, but not nearly as much as the idea that Natalie would never be mine again.

These days Harris barely spoke to me unless it was with curt, monosyllable answers. Yet he talked to Natalie daily on FaceTime, email, and text messaging. So yeah, I was more than a little jealous of my son. Every message I sent to Natalie was either ignored or replied to with a picture of her middle finger. I'd much rather get the picture than be ignored any day.

"Harris is spending the weekend at Layla and Jesse's house. He spends more time over there these days than at our house. If it weren't for Lucy, Jesse might even enjoy having my kid around. But since the girl started... developing..." I shook my head at the thought of Lucy Thornton and how much older she looked now that she was starting to grow female parts. She was only eleven but she looked like she was years older because of her new feminine curves.

Harris and Lucy were best friends and I was glad he had someone to hang out with that was so smart and imaginative. Yet now that the girl wasn't looking so much like a little girl but more like the beautiful woman she would one day be, my son was noticing her in ways that had nothing to do with friendship...and her father was noticing that he was noticing.

"He has his head on straight, Dev. He knows that she's off limits. At least for a few more years." Her lips lifted in a small, but genuine smile. "And the fear of death that Jesse puts in him will keep his hands to himself."

The obvious affection she held for my son only made me love her more. Most women didn't care that I came as a package deal, because they didn't care about my son. All they wanted was a few nights in my bed, the expensive gifts that I could spoil them with, and whatever else I could offer them for a short time. And if they were interested in my son it was because they were hungry cougars on the prowl for fresh meat. Harris looked just like me, and having a younger guy was what some women went for. They needed the ego boost an untried boy could offer them.

With Natalie, I'd never had to worry about either scenario. In the beginning of our relationship she had always included Harris as much as was possible, and when it was over she'd stayed friends with him. As for the cougar road? Natalie was closer to my sixteen-year-old son's age than my own, but she'd never even batted an eye at the kid, and I hadn't seen or heard my kid make even a small innuendo in regards to Natalie.

"He has his head on straighter than I ever did at that age," I said, agreeing with her.

For a long while, we just stood there-Natalie sipping her champagne while she pretended to ignore me, and me standing there feasting my eyes on the beautiful woman whom I'd been unable to hold onto. Around us people mingled, their fake laughter filling the air, but I heard none of it. It wasn't until some creep in a monkey suit just as expensive as my own approached and smiled at Natalie that I snapped out of my stupor and started paying attention.

"Would you like to dance?" the man asked, and I took stock of him. Thin, on the shorter side of six feet tall. With Natalie's heels she was basically on the dude's eye level. He had short, gelled hair and wire-rimmed glasses.

If Zander had been there we both would have been snickering at the man, calling him a geek to his face and telling him to get lost. But the man who had once been my friend wasn't in attendance and if he had been, we sure as hell wouldn't have been within shouting distance let alone beside each other. And with this geek staring longingly at my girl, with his hand stretched out to her, offering her a dance, I wasn't in the mood to smile let alone snicker at him.

Stepping between the newcomer and Natalie, I made sure he knew that there would be no willing partner found here. "She's already promised this dance and every other one to me tonight, man. Beat it."

The man raised thin, blondish brows, glanced around me at Natalie who was standing there with her mouth gaping open like a cute little fish and then shrugged before walking away. I watched until he disappeared into the crowd before turning and grasping Natalie's wrist, tugging her onto the dance floor just as the one song ended and another slowly started up.

As soon as I heard the first strings of the song I nearly groaned, but then realized that it worked in my favor. The piano and violin version of "A Thousand Years", a song that I knew was one of Natalie's favorites because she had every version known to man on her playlist, would keep her in my arms for at least one dance.

Like I had expected, she was stiff in my arms for the first few chords, but then she relaxed against me and started to sway to the prissy beat. I held her close, burying my face in her hair while the song went on and on. For the first time since that stupid song had been recorded and those sparkly vampires had taken over crazy chicks' minds worldwide, I actually enjoyed the song.

For four minutes and thirty-one seconds I was in heaven while I held the only person who seemed to matter to me against my chest. The smell of her hair, the way it brushed my face as I lowered my head to press my lips to her temple was a slice of paradise in and of itself. It was also pure torture, my body hardening more and more with every soft brush of her hips against mine while we danced.

She was no more immune to me than I was to her. I could feel her trembling, her heart racing, and her breath coming in little pants as we continued to move to the music. If the room had not been overflowing with so many people, I would have made love to her right then and there. It was what she wanted, what I needed. I could already picture pulling up her dress, tearing away her panties, freeing my aching cock and thrusting into that wet little body of hers. The little kitten-like whimpers that would escape her as I pumped into her over and over again. I could even imagine how my back would ache as she sliced her long nails into it as she quickly reached her first orgasm. I could see it all clearly, because we'd done it like that more than once during our all-too-short time together. Had a few scars from her slicing nails to remember it all by.

But this wasn't the place.

The last note of the violin faded and we both stopped dancing, reluctantly. Natalie raised her head, almost hesitantly, but met my gaze with a boldness that never failed to make me burn for her. I couldn't stomach a weak chick, and Natalie had never been one. The desire shining out of those blue-gray eyes matched my own and I didn't utter a word as I took her hand and pulled her through the crowd. Out into the main hotel we went and I said a silent thank you as I saw an elevator opening just a few feet in front of us.

When the last person was free of the elevator I jumped on, taking Natalie with me. When someone else started to board the elevator with us, I shot the man a hard glare that had him quickly backing away. I hit the button to close the doors and pushed the correct floor number for my room before turning to face the very quiet woman next to me.

I could see that the effects of the dance were slowly fading and I wasn't going to let her think clearly for a least the next twenty-four hours. I needed this night with her more than I needed air to breathe. Her mouth opened to say something, probably to start making catty little remarks, but I stopped anything she might have been about to say by sealing my lips against hers.

"No..." She moaned, pulling her head back just a little.

I ignored her protests, trailing my lips down her throat and across her collar bone to one of the straps of her dress. There was probably a camera in the elevator, but I didn't give a damn as I pushed the strap down Natalie's arm and exposed a braless piece of perfection that would have any man on his knees begging to touch, taste, and worship them. But I wasn't getting on my knees tonight. Not yet. I lifted her until her tits were right where I wanted them and sucked her pretty pink nipple into my mouth like a starving man.

Natalie made a choking sound, her hands thrusting into my hair to hold me against her. My hair hid her from any prying eyes of the hidden security camera. I devoured her perfection, nibbling, biting, sucking until the elevator slowed and the doors began to open. I refused to let her go. No way was I letting her feet touch the ground and that brain of hers to start functioning again right now.

Fixing her strap, I cupped my hands under her sexy ass and held her against me as I stepped off the elevator and right into the penthouse. As the door closed behind us, I placed her on the first flat surface we came to and started tearing her dress off her. There were no protests when I ripped the expensive garment. Her attention wasn't even on what I was doing, but on tearing my dress shirt open so that she could rake her nails down my chest.

The shudder that raked my body as her nails bit into my flesh wasn't of pain but pure bliss. Natalie's goal had never been to hurt me with those nails of hers. She just got carried away and I loved it. Fucking. Loved. It. Sometimes she broke skin, making me bleed, and I loved that even more because I would be left feeling those wounds for days and remembering how I got them always made me hard as rock.

With her dress now gone, I stepped back to look down at my girl. Air got trapped in my throat as I took in the beauty before me. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. The sight of her was so perfect, my chest actually ached. Her hair had fallen over her shoulders, covering her tits and hiding those pink nipples that tasted like berries. Her eyes were wide in her elfin face and her skin was flushed with passion. The only thing she wore was little, black briefs that couldn't hide the dampness of her pussy.

This was my girl. My woman. I wanted, needed-loved her more than anything on the planet. Without her I had nothing, was nothing.

A groan broke free of my throat and I was able to breathe again. Muttering a curse, I lifted her into my arms and ran to the bedroom. No way was I making love to my girl on a damn table tonight. Not this time.

Natalie

The feel of a firm bed underneath me wasn't enough to make the passion haze I was in fade. As soon as Devlin released me I crawled backward so that I was on the pillows, watching him as he watched me while he undressed down to his simple black boxers. The sight of his cock straining against the cotton material caused more liquid desire to pool between my legs. I quickly lifted my gaze, not wanting this to be over before it began if I followed through with my sudden need to suck that engorged cock until he begged me to let him come.

I met his eyes, eyes that were that of a predator. A hungry predator. And I was his willing prey.

Common sense kept trying to rear its ugly head, but I ignored that stupid bitch for the moment. I needed Devlin right then more than I needed my next lungful of oxygen. It had been so long since I'd been touched, kissed...licked. Bob wasn't enough to satisfy me anymore, and who the hell wanted Bob when I had this delicious man standing over me ready to devour me at any moment? Bob was just a piece of silicone with a few batteries to make it vibrate. I'd much rather have hot flesh and blood sliding inside me than Bob.

Devlin licked his lips as he slowly lowered to his knees on the edge of the bed. His aquamarine eyes were on my panties and I spread my thighs slowly, showing him exactly how ready I was for him. My panties were soaked, the proof of my desire for him dripping onto my thighs, making them glisten. He licked his lips again and crawled toward me until he reached my knees.

With a hungry groan, he lowered his head and licked away the wetness on my inner thighs. I shivered in reaction, knowing that only more pleasure would follow. That talented tongue of his licked higher, and then over my panties. I moaned as he paused long enough to suck my clit through the cotton of my underwear.

"Yes," I gasped when his hands lifted to cup my breasts. Long, dark fingers pinched my nipples, twisting them ever so slightly, just the way I liked it. "Dev!" I protested when he lifted his head, his eyes intent on the little jewel hanging from my belly button. I bit my lip when he took a closer look at the sapphire glinting from the end of a drumstick that I'd impulsively had made a few months ago.

I was such a masochist, wearing something that would constantly remind me of Devlin, but I'd been unable to talk myself out of it. I'd worn it from the moment the jewelry designer had finished with it. Devlin stared down at the belly button ring for nearly a full minute before lowering his head and laving it with his tongue.

The feel of his tongue diving in and out of my naval was sweet torment. I whimpered, trying to get his attention, to ask him to please just fuck me but he cut off any pleas I might have made when he lifted his head and captured my lips with a fierceness that would leave my mouth bruised by morning. I didn't care. Especially when his hands started exploring the rest of my body.

When cool air hit my throbbing clit, I realized he'd torn my panties away. His thumb rubbed across the swollen little bundle of nerves and I cried out into his mouth. He grinned against my lips. "My girl is ready for me."

"Yes," I panted as he thrust two fingers inside of me. My hips arched up off the bed, seeking a deeper penetration, wanting his cock to replace his fingers. "Please, Dev."

"Please...what?" he murmured, pulling back just enough to meet my eyes. "Tell me what you want, Nat. This?" He withdrew his fingers only to thrust three into me, stretching me wider. I was tight, just as tight as I had been our first time together.

"No," I gasped. "You, Dev. I want you inside of me. Please."

"Okay, baby. Whatever you want." He pushed his boxers down his thighs and rolled onto his back, lifting me over him as he did so in one smooth motion.

I cried out when the tip of his thick cock brushed over my damp folds. My thighs parted willingly and he thrust up into me in one hard pump. "Dev!" I screamed his name, stars flashing behind my closed eyes as I took a moment to savor the feel of him so deep inside of me, stretching me, filling me up.

"Natalie," he said, his breathing labored with the force he was using to hold back, to keep from pounding into me and taking us both to heaven in just a few minutes. But that wasn't Devlin's style. He liked to make us both wait until neither of us could hold back and we both fell together. I opened my eyes to see that his beautiful eyes were dark with a passion that was consuming us both. "Baby, I need you to move. Take control, Natalie, because if I do it this will be over way too fast. You feel so good, baby. So fucking good. This tight little pussy was made just for me."

I set an unhurried pace for us, taking my time as I lifted my hips and slowly slid back down his hardness. I watched as his face twisted in pleasure, his eyes drifting half closed so that he could watch me through thick lashes. He licked his lips as I did it again, his fingers biting into my hips but never forcing me to go faster. My breasts bounced, my hair falling over my left shoulder, tickling my hardened nipple.

Devlin lifted one hand to play with my hair, teasing it over my other nipple. I whimpered at the added pleasure and quickened my pace just a little. I tried to keep from going all the way down, from letting my clit brush over him so that I could hold back my orgasm as long as possible. His jaw clenched, telling me he was trying to hold back his own release.

"You're killing me, Nat," he said with a growl.

"Good." I lowered my head to lick his chest, loving the taste of his skin. He jerked inside of me, his hips thrusting up unconsciously. "If you want to come so bad, then take over. Fuck me, Dev. Make me come."

"Not. Yet," he gritted out. "A little longer."

"Okay, then." I went back to my slow and steady pace, taking just as much pleasure in watching his struggle not to come as I was at the decadent feel of him filling my pussy with his glorious cock. "A little longer."

A little longer turned into only a few minutes before he was gripping my ass to hold onto me while he rolled us. He lifted onto his knees and thrust into me so hard that I cried out in surprise. My hands went straight to his back, my nails sinking deep without my realizing it. He cursed and thrust harder, faster until I was hanging on the edge of an orgasm that was going to destroy us both.

"That's it, baby. Come for me. Come all over my dick, Natalie."

I screamed his name at his naughty command, falling over the edge. My hot liquid release gushed from my pussy all over him, the convulsions of my inner walls as I came hard milking him of his own release. Devlin stiffened over me, his head thrown back as he groaned my name over and over again while his body emptied deep inside of me.

The sound of an all-too-familiar ringtone forced me to open my eyes. The sound was distant, but persistent and I lifted my head in search of it only to realize I wasn't in my own bed, and I was definitely not alone. I sat up quickly, stifling a moan when sore muscles protested.

Oh fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck!

The man lying face down just inches from me didn't move as I jumped from the bed and searched for my phone almost frantically. What had I done? How many times had I done it? Oh. Fuck. Had we used any protection?

Those were only a few of the questions flooding my brain as I finally found my phone in the sitting room of the penthouse and snatched it up. When I saw that I had fifteen missed calls, some from Emmie, some from Linc, and two each from my mother and sister, I groaned. My text message count was even worse. I knew why they had all called so much. I hadn't gone home last night, and with a glance at the clock on the wall by the television, I saw that most of the day was gone. I'd promised Linc I'd be home by eleven the night before. Shit, he was probably worried sick.

Sighing, I skimmed my finger over his name. It hadn't even finished ringing the first time before he was answering. "Where the hell are you, Natalie? Are you okay?"

The first question was easy to answer. I was in Devlin Cutter's penthouse room. The second one? Not so much. I didn't know if I was okay, I didn't know anything about what I was feeling right then and there. My body was sore, but satiated. My heart was racing, hurting. My head was a jumble of thoughts and emotions because I hadn't gotten much sleep the night before or today for that matter. Devlin had made love to me countless times and I was still trying to remember if we'd used protection at any time.

Nope. Not one time. And I'd gone off the pill after my last female doc appointment because I'd had no need for them. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.

"Natalie?" Linc sounded almost hysterical now. "Are you okay?"

I realized I hadn't spoken yet and let out a tired sigh. "Yeah, Linc. I'm...I'm fine. Look, I can't talk right now, but I'll be home within the hour."

"Do you need me? I'll come get you if you tell me where the fuck you are."

The sound of footsteps behind me had me turning to find a naked Devlin walking toward me with a satisfied smile on his devilishly sexy face. "No," I spoke into the phone. "No, I don't need you right now. I'll be home soon."

"Nat..."

"Bye, Linc. Love you." I ended the call and glanced down at my nakedness. I couldn't go out like this and I no longer had a dress or even panties to put on. Devlin had destroyed both last night.

"Muscle-head worried about you?" Devlin asked as he stopped inches in front of me and lowered his head to press a kiss to the top of my head.

"Don't call him that," I snapped, pulling away from him. "He has a name. Use it."

"Okay, was Linc worried about you?" he asked calmly as he reached out for me.

I moved away so he couldn't touch me. If he touched me then I didn't know what I would do. My brain clouded with desire too quickly when he touched me. I needed a clear head so that I could figure out what I was going to do. Damn, damn, damn. Okay, I could stop at the pharmacy on the way home and get the morning-after pill. Yeah. That was a good idea.

I stomped back into the bedroom and opened Devlin's closet. There was no way he had anything that would fit me. He might be lean but he was wide as hell and all his clothes would fall off me. I heard him behind me but ignored him as I pulled out a pair of sweats from the suitcase open below the clothes hanging. I pulled on the pants, pulled them up as far as they would go, and then rolled them down before tying a knot in the side. Then I had to roll up the pants legs. Next I grabbed one of the OtherWorld T-shirts and knotted it at the back.

I didn't bother to look in the full-length mirror on the back of the closet door. I knew how I looked. Like some slut who had just had a one-night stand. It couldn't be helped. It was either this or go naked.

"So you're leaving?" Devlin asked, his tone angry now.

I turned to face him, refusing to meet his gaze. It was dangerous to look him in the eye right then. I was too vulnerable, my emotions were too close to the surface and I still didn't understand the majority of what I was feeling. "Yes. I'm leaving. Last night shouldn't have happened."

"But it did, and now you regret it." He clenched his jaw. "And you don't want to talk about it. Like you never want to talk about anything that has to do with us. Typical Natalie. Running away like a scared little girl."

I closed my eyes, hurt at him calling me a little girl more than anything else he could have said. Our age difference had always been one of the things that stood in our way. He hated that he was older than me. Hated that I was only twenty-two to his thirty-six. I'd never considered our age difference anything more than a number, but before our very short relationship he had thrown barbs in my face on a daily basis like 'little girl' and 'kid' and countless other things to remind us both that I was so young .

"Damn it, Nat. I'm sorry." His apology came too late. I jerked away from him when he touched my arm and walked around him, picking my shoes up when I finally came to them.

"I don't regret last night," I finally told him when I reached the door, not surprised to find him just a few feet behind me. "And no, I don't want to talk about it. Because I'm too fucking scared that you got me pregnant last night to think about anything else."

"Pregnant?" Aquamarine eyes widened and he actually paled, telling me loud and clear that the idea of me having his baby wasn't something that he was prepared for. "But... You were on the pill last time, Nat. I didn't even think about..."

"No. It's not all your fault," I assured him, glancing around for my purse for a moment before realizing I'd left it downstairs the night before. Perfect. This day was going from bad to worse. "But don't worry about it. I'll pick up the Plan B pill on my way home. You won't have to deal with a pregnant ex-girlfriend again, I promise."

"What?" He shook his head. "That... I don't... Damn it, Natalie! Just stop for five minutes and talk to me about this. You don't have to take that fucking pill. We can deal with this if you are pregnant. I'll take care of you."

Take care of me? I didn't stop to think about what I was going to wear home before I threw one of my shoes at him. His quick reflexes failed him and my shoe hit him in the chest. I threw the other one, hitting him in the stomach. "I don't need you to take care of me. I can take care of myself, you prick."

I saw his eyes darken in anger, but didn't stick around long enough to hear anything he might have said. The door slammed behind me and I pushed the button for the elevator. It opened just as the penthouse door opened behind me. Not wanting to talk to him or even see his face right then, I stepped inside and punched the button for the lobby, desperate to get away from him.

When the doors closed, I leaned back against the elevator wall and closed my eyes, fighting tears. Damn it. I blew out a long, emotionally filled breath. Last night had been so amazing, but also stupid. Having sex with Devlin had done nothing but make things even worse. And now...

My hands covered the flatness of my stomach as a tear spilled free. And now I could be carrying his baby.

As I left the hotel, with my purse finally in hand, I was so emotional I didn't even notice the stares. Knowing stares that were a mixture of disgust and interest. I took a cab and asked him to stop at a little pharmacy just a few blocks from my apartment. I had no shoes on and when I asked the tech for the morning-after pill she gave me a pitying look. My cheeks filled with shame as I handed over my credit card.

By the time I got back to the apartment, Linc was standing by the front door waiting on me. My promised hour was nearly up. When he saw me his eyes widened, taking in my borrowed clothes and trembling chin. I tucked my purse with the little package from the pharmacy tighter under my arm and brushed past my best friend, not wanting him to know that I was about to kill any chance of having the baby of the man I loved.

"Nat..."

"I don't want to talk about it, Linc."

Natalie

End of May

Jean Pierre lifted the ponytail full of my hair and gave a sad shake of his head as he lifted his silver scissors. From the chair across from me, Marissa bit her lip as she watched with glassy eyes. Both acted like I was committing a crime punishable by death, but to me it was like getting rid of the heartache that constantly felt like it was choking me.

The stylist lifted a brow at me in the mirror, silently asking me if I really wanted him to continue. I gave one firm nod and he tut-tut-tutted at me as he cut away my hair. At the first sound of the scissors slicing away my hair, I felt a stab to my heart and blinked my eyes to keep the sudden burning of tears from falling. I was not going to cry, I wasn't.

Cutting my hair had to be done. Maybe then I would be able to move on. Maybe then Devlin wouldn't want me. Maybe...

There was a fuck-load of maybes that I was hoping would become actualities with this haircut. And the biggest one? Maybe cutting my hair would make Devlin hurt as much as I'd been hurting for the last six weeks. The man had loved my hair; it was probably the only thing he had ever loved about me. And with each snip-snip of the scissors, I envisioned the pain that would fill those aquamarine eyes when he saw that all that hair he had worshipped like a holy man worshipping his lord was gone.

It took less than a minute and Jean Pierre was handing me the ponytail of hair. Fourteen inches of silkiness. I'd been prepared to let the hair just fall to the floor, but Marissa had told me about Locks of Love and I'd decided to donate my hair to them so that some little girl would get to feel pretty as she placed on a wig made of the hair that had once been desired by a rock legend.

I ran the ends of the hair through my fingers a few times before clenching my jaw and handing it over to Marissa who already had a large brown envelope ready for the locks. She sealed it up while Jean Pierre finished my cut, going for a pixie kind of style rather than the shaved head that Marissa had talked me out of just ten minutes ago. When the stylist was done I glanced in the mirror, saw the same blue-gray gaze that was filled with the pain I'd been keeping bottled up for the last two months and grimaced.

I'd thought that with the end of my hair I'd also have an end to the choking pain around my heart. But it had only left me feeling even sadder than I'd been that morning. For just a second I let my chin tremble, let my weakness show, and then I squared my jaw, nodded my head and stood so that Marissa could have her hair trimmed.

While Marissa had just an inch cut away, leaving her hair in all its long glory, I paid for both our cuts, added on a generous tip and walked out onto the busy New York City sidewalk to wait for my friend. Pulling out my phone, I took care of the fifteen emails that I'd gotten in the thirty or so minutes I'd been inside the salon, as well as the three text messages I'd gotten from various people that needed my immediate attention.

Being Emmie Armstrong's assistant was a twenty-four-seven job and I was starting to feel the strain. I needed a vacation. To get away from New York, away from the craziness of stupid rockers, and especially away from the constant emotional pain that I was in.

I was still answering emails when Marissa came out of the salon. She hailed a cab for us. I quickly finished up by the time we got to the exclusive boutique across town where we spent a few hours finding the right outfits for the big dinner party Emmie was throwing tonight downtown. After one more stop, where Marissa took her time picking out the perfect stud to put in her nose, we arrived at the club where the party was.

Marissa stepped out of the back of the cab first and stiffened. That was my first clue that something was wrong. When I stepped around her I saw exactly what had caused her to pause. Damn it! I'd known that there would be a line of fans outside the club that I'd rented out for the evening for Emmie, had been expecting it.

I hadn't, however, been expecting to see the sign three stupid bitches were holding up. My blood began to boil as I read the filth that was on the sign. 'I Can Give You A Baby Shane! Drop The Wife And Come Be With A REAL Woman!' For fucking real? My brother and Harper had just gotten back from their trip to Germany, where they had gotten new news on Harper's inability to have a baby. Neither of them had mentioned what the doctors had told them, I didn't even think Emmie knew, but some sleazy tabloid had gotten a picture of them leaving the elite fertility clinic and some lower level staff member of the clinic had given them the bits and pieces they had needed to start a round of scandalizing daily reports on how the 'biggest playboy in rock was getting his comeuppances with a wife that couldn't give him a much desired child'.

Harper had been having her inability to have children thrown in her face by countless trash magazines for two weeks now and I knew it had to be wearing on her nerves. She was already one of the most hated females in the rock-n-roll fan world because she had taken Shane off the market, and now she had to face bitches like the ones standing in front of me right now? No fucking way.

I ripped into the three bouncers keeping the line of fans from entering the club. I made them get rid of the three bitches with the sign and gave them strict orders to make sure that no one else with the same idea was around in case my brother and sister-in-law came out and saw them. If Shane happened to see something like that I was sure I would need to bail my brother out of jail before the end of the night.

I was so mad I was shaking by the time we got inside and I handed over my purse. I knew everyone was there. Harris had been texting me throughout the day and I'd gotten a text from him twenty minutes ago asking where I was. I loved that boy to death. He was always worried about me. Even more so lately, but I didn't want to think about that tonight.

As soon as Marissa and I entered the bar my senses zeroed in on the only person I didn't want to deal with tonight. Devlin was standing with his back to me talking with two members of Alchemy, but I could tell by the stiffness in his shoulders that he wasn't really paying attention to whatever they were discussing. My hungry eyes ate up the sight of him. His long dark hair hung down his back, ending just shy of the top of his jeans. He was wearing old jeans that had a hole in the left hip that broadcasted the fact that he was wearing black boxers underneath. The jeans hung low on his narrow hips, and I could just picture the sexy V that was hidden under the T-shirt he was wearing.

What was it with him and his friends wearing old, tattered clothes? They had the money to buy a new designer outfit every day for the rest of their lives, but instead they wanted the same clothes that they had worn a decade ago. Not that I was complaining, because the older clothes looked just as good on Devlin as new ones did. Maybe even better.

My attention was pulled away from Devlin when Emmie came over to chew me out for cutting my hair. I hadn't thought about how my brothers would react to my new haircut. They hadn't been on my mind while I was going through a mini nervous breakdown over the last several weeks. Call me selfish but I just didn't give a damn about what they thought about me cutting my hair. It was mine and I was an adult. It wasn't any of their freaking business.

But of course Emmie made me realize that it was their business. Especially if I wanted to continue to keep my brothers and everyone else in the dark about Zander and Devlin's stupid-ass bet, and of course the end result that had shattered my heart. I might hate Devlin Cutter, and yeah I was still pissed enough at Zander to despise him too, but I still cared about both of them enough not to want them dead. Of course, I also didn't want to be the reason that my brothers ended up in jail for the murder of two of their closest friends. Or depriving my one-point-five nieces of their father.

Thankfully Marissa quickly distracted Emmie from my haircut with her adorable nose piercing and soon Layla had joined in our group. From nose piercings to the newest antics of Luca and Lyric and even Jagger's latest developments, our conversation was a rainbow of colorful topics and I couldn't help but feel a little more sad at the talk of babies and growth spurts and first haircuts.

When Lyric came over and offered me a hug, I nearly let a few tears fall as I bent to wrap my arms around my honorary little nephew. I wasn't sure how he had known that I needed a hug, but I was happy to accept it as I lifted him into my arms and rubbed my nose with the little guy. "Hey, big guy."

He started jabbering at me, nodding his little head and cupping my face like he knew what was wrong with me and was giving me some awesome advice on how to make it better. I grinned down at him and nodded along with him, getting a toothy grin in return. I was content to hold him and then his twin came over to give Marissa some loving...

Loving that quickly turned into a peep show of Marissa's very lovely shear bra and her gorgeous breasts. I burst out laughing for what felt like the first time in a year and moved to stand in front of my friend while she fixed her clothing.

"Luca!" Layla gently scolded as she took her son from a red-faced but laughing Marissa. "Oh my gods, Rissa. I'm so sorry."

When she left to give her oldest son a talking to, I sat Lyric on his feet so he could toddle after his mother and brother. For the next half hour I stood with Marissa and Emmie. We were joined by Rhett and soon after Liam and Linc. But not long after Wroth appeared, I knew it was time to take Rhett and run. From the harmless flirting that Rhett and Marissa were doing I knew that Wroth was going to get the wrong idea and murder the poor guy before his career had a chance to take off.

"Phew," Linc muttered as we stopped by the buffet and he turned to face his boyfriend. "I was sure that you were about to eat your dick."

Rhett rolled his eyes. "And wouldn't that just break your heart." He picked up a plate and started piling food onto it. "I'm not scared of Wroth Niall."

I met Linc's gaze and rolled my eyes. We were all a little scared of Wroth. He was too quiet, too observing. And he had some dangerous skills that his time in the marines had taught him along with an anger that had been left to brew over the last year. If I were Rhett Tomlinson, I would seriously be worried about my dick and especially about my life.

"Linc, is Natalie here yet?"

My head snapped around at the sound of his voice. Had cutting my hair really changed the way I looked so drastically that Devlin hadn't recognized me? Just the thought pissed me off because it only confirmed for me that it had always been my fucking hair that Devlin Cutter had been so attracted to, not the woman underneath it.

"Uh-oh," Rhett muttered when he saw the look on my face. He grabbed a napkin and a plastic fork and nudged Linc in the ribs with his elbow. "Duck and cover, dude."

Linc grunted, agreeing with the rocker and walked away without answering Devlin. "Dude," Devlin called after him. "Is she here or not? You don't have to be a fucking prick." Linc shot him the finger over his shoulder and kept walking, leaving Devlin cursing after him. And completely ignoring the short-haired chick standing not five feet from him.

I wanted to pick up one of the plastic forks and stab him in the back with it. "Smooth," I snapped as I grabbed a plate just to keep my hands busy so I didn't actually start stabbing the asshole.

Devlin jerked around, his eyes landing on me and narrowing as he took in my short hair. "Sonofabitch," he bit out. He took a step closer, his hands lifting toward my head as if he was going to touch my hair and I stepped back, glaring at him. "What the fuck did you do, Nat?" His voice was pained, his eyes dark with hurt. "All that beauty, gone. Why would you do that?"

I turned away from him, slapping a scoop of everything on my plate whether I wanted it or not. "So I'm not beautiful without my hair?"

He let out a frustrated groan. "Of course you. You're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen in my life. I just don't understand why you would cut your hair off..." He broke off with another curse and grabbed my plate, halting my progress down the buffet. "You wanted to hurt me, is that it? You wanted to punish me?"

I shrugged; there was no use in denying it. "That was one of my reasons."

"Did you think it would make me want you any less?" he demanded in a choked voice and I lifted angry eyes to meet his pained gaze, letting the look in my own tell him exactly what I'd thought. It had been the truth, though. He hadn't even noticed me when I'd been standing so close to him. What else was I expected to think? "It didn't work, Nat. I'm as hard for you right now as I always am."

"Really? For some reason I don't believe you." Since he had my plate I picked up another one and started piling food on all over again.

My first plate landed on the bar top that was holding the food, making mashed potatoes and mac and cheese splatter across the surface. I turned to glare at him. "Will you stop acting so immature, Devlin?"

"I'm not the immature one, Natalie. You're the one who won't stop for five fucking minutes and have an adult conversation with me. We need to talk before the tour starts, we need to work this out. I can't handle three months on the same bus with you with things unresolved between us. I'm already losing my fucking mind, baby." He raked his fingers through his hair, messing it and making him even sexier in my eyes.

"There isn't anything left to say. Our relationship was based on a lie and then we hooked up for a fun one-nighter that should never have happened." I shrugged, like it was no big deal, when on the inside I died a little more. Everything we'd had together had definitely been a big deal to me. It still was and that was why I continued to hurt so badly.

"Stop talking about what we had like it was nothing, Nat. We had something special. It still is. We both care about each other-"

"You stop!" I hissed at him, trying to keep my voice low so that I didn't attract the attention of my brothers or anyone else. I did not want to cause a scene. Hadn't I been embarrassed enough already? "Stop acting like you really cared. It was all a damn game to you, Dev. I was nothing to you. I'm still nothing to you."

"You have got to be blind if you don't see how much I care about you. Every day I wake up without you in my arms is another day I suffer the fires of hell. All I want is you beside me, baby." I rolled my eyes at him, not believing a word he was saying. "Damn it, do you think this is easy for me, Nat? To bare my soul to you like this? Do you? Well it fucking isn't."

My heart clenched when his voice actually cracked. My anger at him, at myself, faded for a moment and I saw a man in front of me who really was hurting. Hadn't that been what I'd wanted all along, to make him hurt as much as I was hurting? But to see his pain only caused mine to increase tenfold. "Dev-"

The excited exclaims of Dallas and Axton suddenly had everyone around the room turning to find out what was going on and whatever I might have said, might have done, was interrupted. When my friends announced that they were having another baby and that it was going to be born in the same year as their newborn son, I felt bile rise into my throat and pushed past Devlin in search of the closest bathroom.

I hadn't eaten since breakfast when I'd forced down some yogurt, so I spent more time dry heaving than actually vomiting. When the spasms in my stomach had calmed, I flushed the toilet and moved to wash my hands before rinsing my mouth out. A sound behind me made me freeze because for a moment I was sure that Devlin had followed me. When the man behind me shifted and I saw him clearly in the mirror, I breathed a sigh of relief.

"This has got to stop, Natalie," Linc told me, his tone concerned. "You can't keep going on like this."

"Linc..." I grimaced and shook my head. "I'm okay. Honest."

We both knew that I was lying my ass off. Linc was my best friend, and no one knew me better than he did except for my sister. My guilt was making me physically ill, and Linc wanted me to confide in him like I'd always done in the past. But I couldn't. This was my burden to bear and no one else's.

"Does he even know, Nat?" Linc demanded, knowing I wasn't going to talk about the fact that I'd just been throwing my guts up. "Does he know that you-"

"That I bought the morning-after pill? Yeah, I told him I was going to do it." I'd taunted him with it that night when he'd texted me to talk about it. Fuck, I really was as childish as he'd accused me of so many times. Disgust at myself only added to my self-hate and my stomach roiled again, but I knew that there was nothing left to throw up so I just stood there, holding onto the edge of the cold sink until it passed.

"That's not what I meant and you know it." Linc stepped closer, his hand touching the small of my back and rubbing soothing circles over the skin. "Look, at least talk to Dallas about this, okay?"

I nodded, knowing that I was still lying. There was no reason to talk to Dallas. She was a nurse, not the shrink that I really needed.

Natalie

The mere thought of having to face my mother this morning was enough to make me pull the covers up over my head and shriek my frustration. I didn't want to see her, didn't want to hear her snide comments about my haircut, or my roommate-whom she didn't like because he was so beautiful, but so very gay-or the fact that I was still single, or hear her recriminations for the millionth time about my idiotic decision to get involved with one of them. One of them meant a rocker, but every time I heard those three little words leave my mother's mouth I knew what she was talking about and wanted to slap her face.

I hadn't always disliked my mother. When I was a little girl, I'd always thought she was the smartest, kindest woman alive. But as I'd grown up, I'd slowly started seeing that my mother had two sides to her. One was the one she presented to the outside world, the one that was all smiles and the type of person who could do no wrong; the other was the real Stella Stevenson. The one that was a selfish bitch who had spent years attempting to poison my mind and then Jenna's to the immoral lifestyle that was our brothers' world. My eyes weren't completely opened, however, until Lana had told me exactly what my mother had done.

How could I respect a woman who had made her husband turn his back on his sons when they had needed him the most? I couldn't. My mother was the most selfish woman I'd ever met. She wasn't greedy for money or material things, of course. No, it had been her obsession with my father, the jealousy that she'd felt at not being his first wife or to give birth to his first child, that had made her so selfish and bitter. My father was either a really ignorant man, or a man who loved his wife dearly to have put up with her and her me me me mentality for so long.

There was no getting out of seeing her today, though. She was dropping Jenna off with Shane and Harper so that she could tour with us this summer. I couldn't wait to see my sister, needed to see her and just have her hug me so desperately. But if I wasn't there when our parents dropped her off I knew I wouldn't hear the end of the nagging until at least Christmas. Of next year.

Feeling drained, I forced myself to climb out of bed and into the shower. Getting ready didn't take nearly as long now that most of my hair was gone. Once my hair was dry, I swallowed one of the daily vitamins that were sitting on my sink before brushing my teeth and starting on my makeup. If my mother saw the dark circles under my eyes she would only have another thing to bitch at me about.

Linc had already gone out for his morning workout with Liam and Marissa was either still in bed or she and Rhett had gone out for breakfast, something that they normally did at least once a week. If Linc was my best friend, then Rhett was for sure Marissa's. I was glad that no one was around. I didn't want to have to face Linc and his concern, and Rhett was no better. If Marissa wasn't off in a world of her own pain, she probably would have been as well.

Fucking rockers always breaking our hearts.

Gritting my teeth at that thought, I grabbed my keys and wallet as I left. Twenty minutes later I arrived at Shane and Harper's apartment. It was the same one he and Drake had shared until Lana had gotten pregnant with Nevaeh and they'd moved into their house. It was a nice three-bedroom apartment that was roomy and had cost more than a small fortune when Emmie had bought it for my brothers.

Ranger started barking the moment I pushed the doorbell. Moments later, Shane opened the door with a sour look on his face, letting me know without words that our father and Stella had arrived already. I squared my shoulders and lifted my head a little in hopes of gaining a little extra confidence before having to face my parents.

"Morning, Nat." Shane stepped forward to kiss my cheek before letting me in. "Good luck."

I gave him a small, tight smile as I entered the apartment. Ranger came over to greet me with a lick to my hand before running back to find Harper. That dog loved her more than anything, was very protective over her, and I was sure that my brother and the German shepherd considered each other rivals for her attention. I followed after the dog, hoping that he might protect me from my mother for the next few hours.

Everyone was in the living room. Harper on the recliner with her feet pulled up under her, a cup of coffee in her hands. My mother and father had taken the couch leaving my sister to take the smaller reclining sofa. As soon as I spotted my sister, the pain around my heart lightened just a fraction. I bypassed my mother and father to wrap my arms around the beautiful girl who had already jumped to her feet.

"I've missed you so much," I told her with a happy little laugh.

I hadn't seen Jenna since Christmas when I'd flown with her out to California to spend the holiday with Shane and Drake and the rest of their crazy family. Harper had kindly invited Stella and Clyde out to stay with them at their Santa Monica house. Of course, my mother had practically broken her neck when she'd looked down her nose at Harper's invitation and made up an excuse for why they couldn't go. I hadn't minded, not when it meant I got to be free of her bitchiness during Christmas for once.

Jenna's arms were tight around my waist as she hugged me back. "I missed you more." She pulled back enough to meet my gaze, blue-gray eyes narrowing a little on my short hair. "How are you?"

Unlike Linc, Jenna knew everything that I'd been going through lately. I hadn't been able to keep it from her. My little sister knew me so well that she'd known by the tone of my voice when I'd talked to her on the phone the evening after I'd bought that stupid pill. "I'm good," I assured her, more for our mother's sake than in any honesty. Good was always our code for 'we'll talk about it later'.

As soon as Jenna stepped back I knew I couldn't avoid it any longer. Schooling my emotions, I turned to face my parents who were now standing. Clyde gave me a bright smile, his gaze not even going to my hair. "It's good to see you, sweetheart. We've missed you so much."

I wrapped my arms around him, for just a moment letting myself fall back into the role of daddy's little girl. "I've missed you too, Daddy."

He gave me a squeeze and moved back so that I could hug my mother. I didn't give her nearly as tight a hug as I'd done my sister and father, nor did she hug me with the warmth that the other two had. Our hug was simply for show. She couldn't very well let Shane and Harper think she didn't care about her eldest daughter, after all.

The hug lasted less than a second and then she was cutting into me about my hair. "Why on earth would you cut your hair so short, Natalie? It doesn't suit you at all."

I refrained from snapping back at her with a bitchy retort, instead taking the empty spot beside my sister while Shane lounged on the arm of Harper's chair and Ranger sat on his hind legs in front of her. Harper thankfully cut off my mother's continued interrogation into my reasons for cutting my hair by asking me if I would like a cup of coffee. "I wouldn't mind a mug of tea if you have it," I told her, unable to stomach coffee ever since Linc had started making Jesse Thornton's special recipe each morning.

When Harper started to stand, Shane gently pushed her back down. "I'll do it, beautiful." He leaned forward to kiss her lips lingeringly before asking me how I took my tea.

"Weak with a little sugar, but I can get it, Shane."

His eyes darkened and shot to Stella for a split second, telling me that he wanted the excuse to get away from his stepmother. "Nah, its fine. I'll be right back."

Lucky.

For the next two hours I had to sit there and listen to my mother's constant criticisms. I knew better than to defend myself, because it only set her off more. It didn't stop Jenna, Shane or even Harper from stepping in to correct her. They loved me and hated the way my mother treated me, and Shane was always looking for a reason to tell her off. Which only got Stella's hackles raised for being 'disrespected'. By the time my father announced it was time for them to make the long trip back home, he was looking gray around the mouth and I knew they would be arguing for the majority of the drive. Clyde never scolded Stella in front of anyone, but when they were alone he always let her know if she was being a bitch.

Harper walked my parents to the door and Shane flopped down into his wife's chair, letting out a long sigh of relief. "Thank gods that's over. Five more minutes and I would have tossed her out the window."

Jenna giggled, a delightful sound that always reminded me of our childhood. "I promise I would have helped. She can't stand that Nat has her own life now and that it has nothing to do with her." The giggles stopped and she grimaced. "I can't wait to get out of that house. I'm going to miss Dad, but Mom not so much. And I still haven't told her that I'm applying to a few West Coast colleges."

"But I thought you were going to come to New York and attend NYU?" I pouted at her. "You love Shane more than you love me."

Jenna rolled her eyes at me. "I love you all the same. And it isn't about being closer to Shane, although it will be a plus," she rushed to assure our brother when he made a pained sound. "Harris asked me to since he wants to attend UCLA when he graduates in two years. We've even talked about getting an apartment together off campus."

"You and Harris Cutter?" Shane shook his head at the very idea of our sister with the sixteen-year-old. "I just don't see you two together, Jen."

Jenna snorted. "We aren't and we never will be. Harris and I are simply really good friends. Nothing more, I swear."

I didn't question her sincerity. Jenna would never go for Harris because she was a lesbian. Something that only Harris and I knew, since Jenna had told Harris about her sexual preference during our Christmas on the West Coast.

"If you say so," Shane said with a teasing light in his eyes.

"Say what?" Harper asked as she returned from the front door with Ranger at her heels. She sat down on Shane's lap and Ranger put his head in her lap, wanting his ears scratched.

"Jenna and Harris are going to get an apartment together and attend UCLA together. But they're just friends."

Harper ignored her husband's disbelieving tone and grinned at Jenna. "Hey, that sounds like a great plan. And we will get to hang out more. I'll take you shopping and we can decorate your apartment together." She clapped her hands together excitedly. "Yay, I can't wait."

Jenna laughed at our sister-in-law's excitement. "Not so fast. I still have to get accepted to UCLA and then there is Mom and Dad..."

"Don't worry about those two," Shane assured her. "I'll take care of paying for school. And UCLA would be stupid not to accept you, Jen. You're a straight-A student."

"No, Shane. I'm not going to let you pay for my tuition. That isn't your place," Jenna protested. "You and Drake have done enough with the trust fund you two set up for me. I can take care of paying for college on my own."

Shane didn't argue further, but I could tell by the way his jaw was set and the light in his eyes that he wasn't arguing simply because he would do what he wanted whether Jenna wanted him to or not.

Devlin

"Dad!"

I groaned and turned over in bed, pulling the extra pillow over my head to shield out the light peeking through the curtains and the sound of Harris's voice. Whatever he might have needed wasn't life or death, I was sure, so I could just go back to sleep. Five more hours, that wasn't asking too much.

"Dad!" The yelling of my name was now followed by the pounding of his fist on my bedroom door. "Wake the hell up, old man. Jenna is here and I want to go out and meet her."

I didn't give two shits about Jenna being in town. Natalie's little sister was just another fucking chick to bust my balls. That little spitfire might only be seventeen but she had acted a whole hell of a lot older when she'd point blank told me she hoped I rotted in hell for treating her sister like some chew toy. To my face. On Christmas Fucking Eve.

"Go away," I called out. After last night I was going to follow Natalie's example and hide from being an actual adult. Just for a little while. Having a kid wouldn't allow me to spend more than a day acting like the real world didn't exist, though.

I heard the click of the door opening even through the pillow I still held over my head. "Natalie's with Jenna and they are going to meet me downtown in half an hour. Get your old ass out of bed and let's go."

"Fuck Natalie," I muttered when Harris pulled the pillow off my head and threw it across the room.

"Don't say things you'll regret later," my son warned, glaring down at me. "Shower, Dad, and then we can go find your girl."

"Nah, dude. You go on. I'll be fine. Having me along will just ruin your time because all Nat and I will do is argue." I couldn't deal with her today anyway. Not after the fuck-tastic night that last night had been.

Harris shrugged. "Okay. But I'm pretty sure that Jenna said that Rhett Tomlinson was going to be with them, too. I heard he's been spending a lot of time at Nat's apartment lately. But whatever. It might not be Nat he's sniffing around. Probably Marissa."

I threw back the rest of my covers and jumped out of bed. No fucking way. I wasn't letting my girl spend the afternoon with some fucking little prick. Not without me there to make sure he kept his fucking hands to himself. I grabbed a pair of jeans out of my suitcase and pulled them on before pulling out a T-shirt. I was just pulling it over my head when I left the bedroom and walked into the living room of the hotel's only penthouse.

My kid knew me well and was waiting by the elevator with his key card in hand when I walked out. The smirk on his face was so much like my own at times that I just wanted to punch him in the mouth. "Damn smartass."

"You raised me, old man, so what does that say about you?"

I pushed him into the elevator when the doors slid open. "It says I'm a fuckup as a parent. And stop calling me 'old man'. I'm not over the hill yet, dude."

Harris shrugged. "Maybe, maybe not."

I shot him a hard glare as the elevator slowly descended, fisting my hands at my sides so I wouldn't punch him. I had to remember that he was only sixteen, even if he did look like he was twenty-one. Yeah, he was my spitting image. In everything from looks to attitude. I both loved and hated it.

In the lobby I wasn't surprised to find Jesse standing there with Lucy. The big, bald man didn't look happy to see Harris when he spotted us but he relaxed a little when he saw that I was with my son. When Harris saw his best friend his entire face lit up and I grimaced. Lucy might only be eleven but she looked like she was sixteen. If the curves she had at present were anything to go by, she was going to be a very voluptuous woman. Just like Layla. Fuck.

"Ready?" Lucy asked Harris before Jesse could even open his mouth.

"You got your phone, Lu?" Jesse demanded, giving my kid the stink eye. "Linc's gonna meet you downtown, right?"

"Yes, Daddy." Lucy turned to hug her father. "I'll be fine. Harris won't let anything happen to me. And yes, Linc and Natalie will be with us all afternoon. And Mr. Cutter as well."

"I'll keep my eyes open, man," I promised my friend. Ever since Lucy's real father had kidnapped her and put Emmie in the hospital a year and half ago, Jesse had become a very protective father. I knew that there were still nights that Lucy couldn't sleep, because those were the nights that I found Harris still up at four in the morning with his phone beside his pillow while he talked to the girl.

Jesse gave me a curt nod, kissed Lucy on top of her curly dark head and left the three of us standing in the lobby. When he was out of sight, I rubbed my hands together. "Okay you two. Let's get this show on the road before the freaks... Oh wait. They're already here." I ruffled Lucy's curls and pushed Harris in the direction of the door.

"Funny." Lucy rolled her big brown eyes at me and stuck out her tongue. "Love you too, Mr. Cutter."

"How many times do I have to tell you to call me Devlin, Lucy? Huh?" I wrapped an arm around her shoulders and pulled her close, giving her a tight one-armed hug. "Stop making me feel like I'm sixty."

"You mean you aren't?" Lucy's eyes widened in mock surprise. "Oh gods, Mr. Cutter. I'm sorry. I was so certain you were gonna be in a nursing home soon."

Harris had hailed a cab and he opened the door for Lucy to get in first. I glared from one kid to the other. "You two have been spending way too much time together. I don't like you brats teaming up on me."

"Sure, granddaddy." Lucy giggled as she scooted across the seat.

I actually shuddered. "Don't ever say that again, kid. Don't ever make it an actuality either."

It was Harris's turn to glare at me from the middle of the bench seat as I climbed in, but he didn't say a word as the cab driver pulled out into traffic. My brows rose at him. Harris shrugged and put in his Beats earbuds, effortlessly blocking me out.

Did I mention I wanted to punch my kid in the face?

Yeah, I so fucking did. But I didn't.

Lucy and I made small talk over Harris's head on the twenty or so minute drive downtown. Apparently Lucy and her parents along with her twin little brothers had flown out instead of riding on the bus that had been redesigned for them for the summer tour. Luca and Lyric hated flying because it bothered their ears, but Lucy loved it and was telling me about all the interesting things she'd seen while she'd looked out the window during the long flight. To say Lucy was imaginative would have been a serious understatement. The girl held the potential to go far in a writing profession, whether it happened to be as a journalist or an author.

When the driver pulled over it was in front of some little boutique and I groaned as soon as I saw it. Did Harris even know that we were going to some artsy place like this? Considering it was Jenna that we were meeting up with then he probably did. Jenna was a talented artist, could paint a picture after only seeing something once, adding her own quirky personality to it. Sometimes it was dark and moody, other times it was kind of goofy, and then there was her soft and pensive side. All of them produced some amazing work that I had actually bought off the girl and had hung throughout my house back in California.

I was the first one out, my eyes searching the surrounding area for any sign of Natalie, reminding myself that I had to look for a short-haired chick instead of the long glossy hair I was used to. She wasn't the first one I saw, however. Rhett Fucking Tomlinson was. I bit the inside of my cheek to keep from letting loose the curses that instantly bubbled up. I held the door of the cab open so that Lucy could get out, gripping it so hard that my fingers ached.

Rhett was standing inside the little boutique that I saw was actually a small art gallery as well. He had a big shit-eating grin on his face and Natalie was standing right beside him, laughing right along with him. White-hot jealousy burned through me and I slammed the door of the cab so hard that the car shook a little.

"Easy there, Hercules," Lucy teased as she stepped up onto the sidewalk with Harris. "Don't hurt yourself."

Despite my tension, a smile teased at my lips. Lucy was a good kid and I was so glad she was in my son's life. With her around I wasn't as worried about him going down a wrong path that would fuck up his future. "Cute, kid. Anyone ever tell you that you're beautiful?"

Pink filled her cheeks. "Just you and my dad. And Drake, Shane, Nik, and Axton. Linc a few times." She gave me a little wink and I ruffled her curls again. Lucy swatted at my hand. "Stop it. I'll bite you the next time you touch my hair, devil."

Harris choked on his laughter when he heard Lucy call me devil. "I like that, Lu. Keep calling him that."

"Oh great. Now I can't." She sighed. "Sorry, Mr. Cutter. My therapist thinks I'm too much of a people pleaser. He's suggested that anything I do that makes my friends happy I should do the opposite of."

"For real?" I laughed.

"No, but it keeps Harris on his toes." She squealed when Harris grabbed her around the waist and tossed her over his shoulder. "Stop, stop. Don't you dare..!" The squeal turned into hysterical giggles when he started tickling her. "I'm sorry... Stop... Harris!"

Harris stopped tickling her but didn't set her down as we entered the little boutique/art gallery. Small fists hit my kid in the back as she struggled to get free. "You are such a pig," Lucy muttered, finally giving up and propping her head up on her hand. "Payback is going to be so much fun. And I have three solid months of sharing a bus with you, too."

Lucy was promptly set on her feet and Harris laughed as he ran off, his best friend chasing after him. "Pig."

I couldn't help but laugh at them as I followed. My laughter died in my throat when we reached the group of four standing at the back of the shop studying a piece of artwork on the wall. I stood back while Lucy and Harris embraced Jenna, my eyes locked on Natalie as she stood between the two other men. The more I looked at her, the easier it was to accept her new haircut. I still mourned those long silky locks, but this new style made her look older. I had to admit that I liked that. It made me feel a little less like a cradle-robber when she looked older than her twenty-two years.

"Well?" Jenna asked when she turned from hugging Harris, her gaze on the painting hanging on the wall. "What do you think?"

Reluctantly my gaze went to the piece of artwork. I knew immediately who had painted it. Jenna had a certain style no matter what mood she painted in, and this one practically screamed that it was hers. It was a kind of painting that you had to look at for a while to get the true meaning behind it. There were lots of reds, blacks and grays and when you looked closer you could see the crying girl, her pain there in every harsh line of her face. There was what looked like a baby in one corner and a man standing outside the window. Their faces were all in shadow, except for the crying girl but I still couldn't make out who the girl was.

"It makes me want to cry," Lucy commented after we had all stood there looking at the painting for a long while in silence. "The girl is in so much pain, but look at the man. He looks desperate. Like he's trying to get into the room with the girl and the baby, but the room has no doors. He can only see the two people he loves, never touch them."

Jenna's eyes widened. "I-I hadn't looked at it like that, Lucy. I meant to focus attention on the girl, not the baby or even the man. But..." She glanced back at the painting. "...yeah, I can see exactly what you mean."

"What was your inspiration?" I asked, wondering if I already knew.

Natalie shared everything with her sister. The more I looked at the picture, I saw some of my own characteristics in the man's features-the long, dark hair and bluish eyes. Natalie could easily be the girl... And the baby... It represented the child that Natalie and I could have had if she hadn't taken that fucking morning-after pill.

Jenna didn't look at me as she spoke. "It's me and my future. The...man...represents the future that I want, but can't have. The child is the future that is expected of me."

My brows rose at her interpretation of the painting, but I didn't say anything, just continued to gaze at the beautiful piece of art.

Finally Harris draped an arm around Jenna's slim shoulders. "Congratulations, babe."

Jenna grinned happily at him. "Thanks. And thank you, Linc. Without your help I never would have gotten to have one of my paintings in an actual New York art gallery."

Linc brushed her thanks off. "It was nothing, Jen. I used to be the trainer for the owner's wife. She owed me a favor, but she only promised to show your work to her husband. It was up to him if he liked it or not. Your amazing talent got you here, love. Not me."

"Well, thanks all the same."

"Okay, enough of giving my sister a big head. Let's get something to drink," Natalie spoke for the first time. "It's getting hot outside and I'm dying for something cool and sweet."

I stepped back as the others filed past me. Lucy and Harris on either side of Jenna left first and then Rhett wrapped an arm around Natalie's shoulders as they followed, leaving me standing there gritting my teeth while Linc gave me a grim smile and continued after the others. I stood there, silently wishing a certain Trance member to the bowels of hell. If I was going to have to see them together all day, I was going to need a few beers at the least.

Natalie

I gazed down at the milk crate full of fan mail then over at the three pages of to-do list items that I needed to get through today. My head was going to explode before the day was over, I just knew it.

"Why do you always think you have to do everything on your own?" Jenna asked as she and Harris sat on the couch in my living room watching TV. "All you have to do is ask and you would have two willing lackeys."

"Because this is my job and you're here to relax, not do my work for me." I ran my hands through my hair and sighed, for the tenth time in as many minutes, when my fingers combed through it all too quickly. I was never cutting my hair again.

"Whose mail is that anyway?" Harris asked, taking his eyes off the movie he and my sister had been watching for the last hour.

"It's the OtherWorld fan mail. Since I basically do everything for them anyway, I get the fan mail that doesn't go straight to Axton, Liam, Wroth, Z's, or even your house." Mostly it was letters from chicks telling all too graphically one of the band members what she wanted to do to him in bed. Some of them were hilarious, others were just disturbing. Then there were the ones addressed to Devlin. I hated those the most because it always filled my head with images of him actually doing those things with some of those chicks. And the ones that were from past conquests? I burned the ones that were for Devlin.

Yeah, I did. I wasn't proud of myself but I did and I wanted to stab both Devlin and the chick who wrote the letter every fucking time.

There were at least a hundred envelopes in varying sizes now scattered over the carpet in the living room. Shaking my head at how long it was going to take me to sort through them, I sat down and folded my legs under me as I pulled a handful of them toward me. Harris sat down next to me, stuffing a pillow between my back and the couch behind me to make me more comfortable.

I offered him a small smile in thanks before thumbing through the stack of envelopes in my hand. Axton. Axton. Liam. Wroth. Liam. Axton. Zander. Zander. Zander. Zander. Zander. I rolled my eyes as the next five were for Zander. I placed each into their own pile and picked up another stack. The majority were for Zander, with two being for Liam and one being for Devlin.

"Here," I said, handing the envelope over to Harris. "See what psycho number one has to say."

Harris's aquamarine eyes narrowed as he opened the white envelope that smelled faintly of some cheap perfume. Pulling out two sheets of stationery, his eyes skimmed over the writing and then he balled it up. "Do you read all of these?" he demanded.

I shrugged. "Mostly."

"So you have to read that disgusting filth that those stupid bitches write to my dad?" Again I shrugged and he shook his head. "No. I don't want you doing that anymore, Nat. This can't be good for you. If what that chick wrote is just some of the things you have to read about my dad then no wonder you still hate him so much."

"I've been doing this for four years now, Harris. Believe me, if I was going to hate your dad for the things that are in some of those letters, I would have hated him long before he and I ever hooked up the first time." I grabbed another stack of envelopes.

Some of them were larger and I knew from experience that those were the ones to definitely stay away from. Normally they held naked pictures of the sender. Yeah, that's all I wanted to see this morning. Bare tits and pussies. That would sure complete my morning of fucking things I didn't want to have to deal with.

Jenna sat down across from us and picked up some of the mail in front of us. Without a word she started making her own piles for each band member and before long the mail had been sorted. Now we just had to read it.

"I'll take Wroth's and Axton's piles," Jenna said. "One's married and the other is pretty much a recluse since Marissa moved in here. How bad could those letters be?"

I gaped at my little sister. "You're kidding, right? Did you notice that there are more in Wroth's pile than Liam's? Or that Axton's pile is just as big as Zander's? Those chicks don't care if Ax is married. They get off on the idea that they can tempt him away from Dallas."

"Okay, then I'll take Liam's and Devlin's piles."

"No way," Harris said, grabbing the stack of envelopes with his father's name on it. "You don't need that shit in your head, Jen."

Had that first letter really been that bad? I couldn't help but wonder if I should have at least glanced at that damned thing before letting Harris read it. I honestly hadn't wanted to disturb the kid, just show him what some of his father's fans were like.

"I'll take Zander's and Liam's piles." I pulled them closer to me. "Harris you deal with Dev and Wroth's. Jenna, you take Axton's. And for the love of God, do not repeat anything you read in those damned things to Dallas." I really didn't want to unleash Mega Bitch Dallas before the tour even started. That would seriously be the worst thing to happen.

With Harris and Jenna helping me, the mail got taken care of in less than an hour. I put most of the letters and pictures in a trash bag and tossed it down the chute as we left the apartment. I didn't want them to help me with my mile long to-do list, but it was nice to have some company as I took care of the things that needed immediate attention before we left on tour the next morning.

After lunch, Harris abandoned us though, having gotten a text from Lucy asking him to come over because she hadn't slept well the night before. Jenna and I both hid a smirk as he nearly made skid marks on the street under his sneakers in his rush to get to Lucy. It was adorable the way he always dropped what he was doing to help his friend when she said she needed him.

"He will probably marry that girl one day," I told my sister as we continued on our way down the busy New York City street.

"If Jesse Thornton doesn't kill him first," Jenna agreed with a grin. "Okay, where to next?"

I glanced down at my list, relieved to see that it was nearly completed. All that was left was to check on each of the guys and make sure they were packed and ready to leave early tomorrow morning. "Who do you want to check up on first? Liam, Wroth, Axton, or Zander?"

"You're not going to check on Dev?" Jenna raised a brow at me.

"No need to. Harris already said that he and his dad were packed up." I'd already crossed his name off my list before we'd even started.

"Stop being such a baby, Nat." Jenna linked her arm through mine and tugged me toward the edge of the curb where she hailed a cab. She gave the address to Zander's hotel. Of course, it was also Devlin's hotel. "He's going to be a major part of your life for a very long time, sis. Unless you decide to quit your job and move to Bora Bora then you might as well get your head out of your ass and deal with him."

"Remind me again why I love you?" I glared at her across the seat of the cab, hating that she was right. Devlin was a huge part of my life and I needed to stop avoiding him.

"Only because you have to," Jenna smirked at me, but her blue-gray gaze softened. "It's going to be okay, Nat. I'm not going to abandon you. Harris and I both will help you all that you need."

"Shut up," I commanded, blinking back tears. No one, not one other person, loved me as much as my little sister did. We'd been the best of friends since the first time Jenna opened her mouth and said my name. There had never been a time when we fought or hated each other like some sisters tended to do. I could tell Jenna anything in confidence and knew she would take it to her death before revealing my secrets. And she knew the same was true for me.

"Alright ladies, here we are." I tossed the driver his money plus tip and climbed out of the cab after my sister.

Inside the hotel, I went straight to the reception desk and told the man standing at the computer that I needed speak with Devlin, knowing that I wouldn't just be able to get on the elevator and go straight up. You needed a key just to unlock that floor in this hotel. The man's eyes narrowed at me. Sure I could have texted him myself, but I really didn't want his name on my phone today. One text from me would turn into twenty from him. "Mr. Cutter has left specific instructions that he isn't to be bothered."

My own eyes narrowed at the man. "Does he have company?"

"I've no idea, Miss. But-"

I lifted an angry hand and cut him off. "Call him." When the man just glared at me, I reached across the counter and lifted the receiver, thrusting it into his face. "Call. Him. Tell him that Natalie Stevenson is waiting for him to get his lazy ass out of bed and any ho-bag that is in his room will be tossed out the window if I get up there and find them."

"Nat..."

"Not now, Jenna. This was your idea to come here, now just shut the hell up," I snapped and waved the phone in the receptionist's face. "Now do your damn job and call Mr. Cutter, right the fuck now."

"I didn't know you wanted to see me so bad, baby," came a deep voice from behind me. I was so startled, I nearly threw the phone in the receptionist's face at the sound of it.

Devlin

I tried to hide my grin as I stared down at a flustered Natalie. When I'd stepped off the elevator and saw her standing there waving a phone at the poor man behind the front desk I'd nearly burst out laughing. Fuck, but I loved how feisty she could be.

I didn't know why she was there and trying to get up to the penthouse to see me, but I wasn't going to complain. Stepping around her, I glared down at the man behind the desk. "For future reference, Natalie Stevenson is to be given direct access to my room. Make a note of it, dude. It might save your life."

The thin little man swallowed hard and nodded his head hastily. "Y-yes sir, Mr. Cutter. I'll be sure and put that in our files."

"Smart man." Turning, I faced the simmering beauty and her wide-eyed sister. "You obviously wanted to see me pretty badly, Nat. Not that I'm complaining, but I'm wondering why." Especially since she had barely spoken to me at all the day before. Although she'd had plenty to talk about to Rhett Fucking Tomlinson.

"I'm just making sure you're ready to leave in the morning. Harris said he was all packed and ready for the van to pick him up in the morning, but I wanted to check that you were, too." She ran her hands through her short hair, grimaced, and dropped her hands by her sides almost angrily.

"I still have a few things to throw in my case, but otherwise I'm ready to go." I thrust my hands into the front pockets of my jeans, watching her closely. Her nostrils flared and I knew that she had caught the scent of my cologne. I'd only put on a little this morning, thinking I wouldn't get to see her, but I'd sure as hell been hoping. "Want to come up and check for yourself?"

"No," she snapped and turned for the elevator.

"Then where are you going?" I demanded, following after her. The elevator opened and five people stepped off. Natalie didn't answer as she stepped into the elevator and Jenna followed. I glared at them both as I got into the little tin box with them. When Natalie hit the fourteenth floor, I clenched my jaw. Of course. I should have known.

Fucking Z. Just the thought of her going to my ex-best friend's hotel room, whether she had Jenna with her or not, made me see red. My hands balled into fists at my side as I ached to punch that fucker in the face over and over again.

Once, a lifetime ago, Zander had been my best friend. He'd had my back through so much shit and I'd gladly had his back in return. But all it had taken was one little slip of a chick and our friendship was tossed out a window. A window that hadn't even been open, leaving our friendship not only broken on the ground, but with a huge chunk of glass sticking right through its heart.

He'd known that I'd had feelings for Natalie before he'd even suggested that stupid-ass bet. It wasn't like his feelings had been involved. Just his fucking dick and his pride when I'd won our bet within a week of the tour starting. I'd won and even cashed in on the bet, yet weeks later when I'd realized that I didn't just care about Natalie but loved her, I'd told Zander that I didn't want the prize. Didn't need those stupid signed drumsticks by one of my idols. All I'd wanted was to forget about the damned bet and never let Natalie know about it.

Two days later Zander had punched his fist into my chest and ripped out my heart when he'd told Natalie about what we'd been doing. He'd only had his pride stomped on, but I'd been given a deathblow. That's how I felt without Natalie. Dead.

When the elevator stopped, Natalie and Jenna stepped off and I could do nothing but follow them. Zander had issues, OCD issues. Like he would only stay on the fourteenth floor and he had to stay in room 1414 or he couldn't sleep in a hotel. He was fucked up in the head when it came to the number fourteen, but I wasn't going to get into his reasons for it.

When Natalie stood outside of room 1414 she lifted her hand and knocked. Fourteen damned times. I leaned back against the wall across from the room, folding my arms over my chest as she softly counted each knock to herself. It killed me-fucking killed me-that she still cared about him enough to go that far just to get him to come to the damned door. Before the shit had hit the fan, Zander and Natalie had been good friends. I didn't know how close they were now, but I'd never really asked.

After a brief pause, I heard Zander curse followed by the sound of him stumbling. Moments later the door opened and a completely naked Zander stood there, rubbing sleep out of his eyes. "Nat? What-"

"For real?" Jenna squeaked and covered her eyes with her hands. "Go put Mister Happy away, Zander. I do not want to see it waving around like a flag."

"Ah fuck, Jenna." Zander shut the door and stumbled around inside again. It was a long while before the door opened again. He had on a pair of jeans, unbuttoned and hanging open, but at least his dick was put away. He glared from Jenna to Natalie and then he turned that killer glare on me. "What the hell do you three want?"

Natalie lifted a brow at him. "I'm just checking to make sure that you're ready to leave in the morning. Are you packed?"

Zander's eyes narrowed on her. "Nope."

"You are so damn lazy, Z," Natalie snapped. "You'd better not leave this damn hotel until your shit is packed. I'm not gonna do it for you. Either your case gets packed or you won't have anything to wear. I don't fucking care which it is."

"Stop busting my balls, Nat. It'll fucking get done." I pushed away from the wall, stepping behind Natalie and giving my ex-best friend a look that had him glaring up at me but he took a step back. She could talk to him any way she damned well pleased, but he was not going to talk to her like that. "Was there anything else? Or are we done here?"

"Definitely done," Natalie muttered and turned to walk away. "The van will be here to pick you up at four in the morning. Don't be late or you'll have to face Emmie's wrath."

"Big deal," Zander grumbled, but there was no steam in his tone. That fucker was just as much a pussy when it came to Emmie Armstrong as me or any other member of OtherWorld. Shit, every man was a pussy when it came to having to face down that little redhead's wrath. That didn't make us cowards. Just smart.

Very, very smart.

Natalie

When my alarm went off I headed straight for the bathroom. My head was killing me from lack of sleep and my stomach was tossing and turning with anxiety. Today was just the beginning of my fourteen-week imprisonment on a bus with OtherWorld. I would have loved to have been riding on Rhett's bus, or even one of my brothers' buses, but Emmie had told me I had to stop avoiding OtherWorld and especially Zander and Devlin. Otherwise my brothers would start getting suspicious and before I knew it Drake and Shane would know just how big of douchebags their friends really were. And then I would have two dead rockers and two rockers in jail.

A shower helped with my headache. I dried in record time since there was hardly any hair left before putting on some comfortable clothes. When I walked into the living room, mentally doing a check of the apartment-windows locked, lights turned off, gas off, everything I needed packed and not lying around-it was to find Marissa in a pair of sweats sitting on the couch. She looked hung over, and after the two bottles of wine she had consumed, minus the one glass she had poured me and I'd left untouched, it was little wonder.

Marissa was a lightweight. Normally one glass of wine and she was mellow. Give her an entire bottle and she was drunk. Two bottles? Last night had been the first time I'd seen her drink two bottles of wine, and it had been both amusing to watch her and heartbreaking. My friend was in just as much pain as I was and she had even more reason to hate the man who had broken her kind heart. Fucking rockers.

I blamed the Demon's Wings guys, but especially my brothers, for giving me a false sense of how decent rock stars could be. The way they treated their wives and cherished their odd family that I'd been blessed to be welcomed into had made me think that all rockers were just as great as they tended to be. Even Axton had given me the same impression with how much he loved Dallas and cared about the Demons and each of their families.

OtherWorld definitely was not like that. They were the exact opposite in my opinion. Other than Axton and Liam who had become pretty close in the last year or so, the rest of them seemed to merely tolerate each other. Okay, so Zander and Devlin had once been as close as brothers, and I was probably partially responsible for the rift that had broken up their bond; but those two assholes needed to take the majority of that blame.

"You two ready?" Linc asked as he came out of the kitchen with Rhett behind him.

Rhett was eating a slice of toast and my stomach roiled at the sight of it. Fucking nerves.

Marissa yawned and stood. "I guess."

There was a knock on the door and I opened it since I was so close, expecting it to be the van's driver that was supposed to pick us up. The sight of Liam standing on the other side of the door, at four freaking thirty in the morning, made me squeak and jump back in surprise. "What are you doing here?" I demanded.

Liam gave me a cocky half grin as he stepped into the apartment. "Good morning to you too, precious." He moved across the living room and kissed his sister's cheek. "Thought I would ride with you guys this morning."

In other words, he wanted to show his sister some love and support by showing up with her. My heart clenched a little at his loyalty to her. Liam had seriously turned his life around in the past eighteen months. Being completely sober and drug-free had done wonders for his personality, but he had always been careful with Marissa. She was the most treasured person in his life.

"Let's get going, you slackers," Linc grumbled as he lifted his case and grabbed hold of my huge rolling case. I grabbed my cosmetics case, my keys, and the one thing I couldn't do without: my clipboard. If it weren't for that clipboard, I would run around in circles.

Rhett and Liam took the rest of the cases and we all stepped onto the elevator. By the time we got downstairs the van was already waiting. I breathed a sigh of relief. It was chilly this morning and I didn't want to have to stand around waiting.

While everyone else got in, I made sure the driver stored our things away carefully and then took my place beside Marissa. My headache was coming back and throbbing like a bitch. When I turned to ask the others if they were set I was surprised to see that we had company. "What the fuck are you doing here?" I nearly screeched, throwing the bottle of water I'd grabbed from the fridge before leaving the apartment at him. He caught the bottle like I'd just tossed a Frisbee at him, uncapped it and took a thirsty swallow. The fucker probably hadn't even been to bed yet from the looks of him. "You were supposed to be at the bus an hour ago." He was supposed to be helping Axton make sure that all their stuff was stored under the OtherWorld bus.

"Found some fun downtown," he told me with a cock of one brow. Like he was fucking challenging me to get mad at him over that.

I was pissed, that was for sure, but he could find fun wherever the hell he wanted. I'd never thought of Zander that way. Hadn't even realized he had been attracted to me until after the terms of the bet had been explained to me. Now he hated me because I hadn't wanted him, and I hated him for turning our friendship into something so worthless. The entire time I'd thought we were friends, he had just been trying to get into my panties. I should have known better, but again I blamed the Demons and their ability to think with their brains and not their dicks when it came to the people that mattered in their lives.

Clenching my jaw, I turned and glared out the side window as the van pulled out into the scarce early morning New York City traffic. It took about fifteen minutes to reach the parking lot where seven huge buses were idling. As soon as the door opened, I jumped out and started taking charge. Liam and Marissa were busy arguing over where Marissa was going to be staying for the next fourteen weeks, but I didn't have time to stop and watch as sweet little Marissa let loose the 'f' bomb more than once.

After making sure that our bags were taken to the OtherWorld bus, I went in search of Emmie to make sure she didn't have anything else for me to do before we hit the road. She was already on her bus and I stepped onto it to find Nik with a cranky Jagger in his arms while Mia was already on the couch in the living room watching Disney Jr. From the kitchenette, Felicity, their nanny, was fixing up bowls of cereal.

"Morning, Nat," Nik called as he rocked Jagger back and forth in his arms, making airplane noises in an attempt to quiet his son.

I grinned at one of the men who was a brother by choice than by blood to me. Nik and Jesse have always been my brothers' brothers by choice and they had quickly become the same to Jenna and me. "Morning. I was told your wife was on here?"

"Yeah, she is. Em! Baby girl, Natalie is here," Nik called and moments later Emmie came out of the bathroom down the hall.

"Hey," she said, greeting me with a smile. "Everything okay?"

"So far, so good. Axton got the bus sorted, all by himself since Z was out partying all night." Emmie made a face but nodded. "And from the looks of everything else we are set. Unless you have something else that needs my attention?"

"Nope. I've handled everything else. Go back to your bus and catch a few hours of sleep. You're going to need it once we get to Chicago."

Jagger let out an angry scream, his little arms lifted in Emmie's direction while his father tried to hold onto his squirming body. I laughed as Emmie took her adorable little son and kissed his cheek, instantly quieting him. Jagger was a world-class momma's boy. He was definitely his father's son in every way from looks to his desperation for Emmie. And Emmie ate it up.

I ruffled Jagger's hair. "Be a good boy, Jags."

Thinking I was going to take him from his favorite person in the world, Jagger clung to his mother, but gave me a toothy grin. His blue eyes shining up at me, I blew him a kiss and turned to go. "See you guys in a few hours."

Emmie followed me to the door. "Good luck," she murmured quietly so that Nik wouldn't hear her. "I'm proud of you for sucking it up and staying on the OtherWorld bus. But if things get too hard for you, just say the word and I'll figure something out."

I blew out a long breath. "I can deal, Em. Just know that I'm not responsible if those two never have children again. I mean, really if they have to leave the tour to have ball retrieval surgery would it be so bad?" Emmie snorted out a laugh and I winked at her as I stepped off the bus.

When I stepped onto OtherWorld's bus it was to find everyone except for Marissa sitting around drinking coffee or watching TV. I took a seat at the kitchenette table beside Linc, ignoring everyone else as the bus shifted into gear and joined the others as the driver headed out of the city.

My head was throbbing now and I grabbed the bottle of Tylenol out of the cabinet before swallowing three of them with a glass of water. The jumbled voices on the television from where Wroth was switching channels rapidly only made my head hurt. I tried to ignore it. "You guys should get some rest. It's going to be nonstop once we get to Chicago."

"Dude," Zander grunted from his spot beside Wroth. "You are seriously going to break your hand if you don't stop."

I rubbed at my temples as the mumble-jumbled voices on the television increased in speed. From his seat on the recliner, I could feel Devlin's eyes on me and it only made me more irritated. I tried to keep my calm, but when my eyes started to water from the pain in my head, I snapped.

Grabbing the remote from Wroth, I turned the channel to one of the movie channels. "If you don't fucking find a channel and leave it there I'm going to break your fucking hands," I gritted out. "I'm about five seconds away from tossing your ass off this moving bus! Not exactly the best way to start the tour, asshole."

"Let's just play a game on the PS4," Wroth mumbled to Zander.

I glared at them both as Zander stood to turn on the game console. "Dude, you are just asking for her to beat the shit out of you," he snickered.

"Assholes," I muttered under my breath as I turned and went toward the roosts. I seriously couldn't deal with them right now. My head was killing me and I just needed to lie down before my head exploded or I killed someone. It was possible either of those things would happen, if not both.

"Your chick is batshit crazy," I heard Wroth's deep almost scary voice say to someone.

"Dude, don't talk about her like that," Devlin told him and my heart clenched at his defending me like that. Anything else he might have said was cut off when I closed the door to the sleep area.

After debating which roost I wanted I eventually picked the one above Marissa's. I grabbed my pillows and blanket and climbed up. With a sigh of relief I closed my eyes and let the pain meds do their job...

I must have drifted asleep because when I next opened my eyes it was to the feel of the bus pulling over. I grabbed my phone and saw that it was mid-afternoon, which meant we were stopping to let Axton on board so the guys could rehearse for tonight. Thankfully, my headache was nearly gone and I just lay there as the bus got back on the road.

Several minutes later I heard them start to jam and closed my eyes as I pictured the band sitting around the living room. Wroth would have his guitar, while Liam and Zander would have their bass guitars and Zander's keyboard would be close by. Sometimes Axton would pick up a guitar too, or mess around on Zander's keyboard. He was amazingly talented and could play any instrument within the band. Sometimes I wondered what the hell he was doing in a band when he could have easily made it on his own, but he loved being part of OtherWorld.

When I heard the drums, I was finally forced to picture Devlin sitting in his recliner rocking out with his bandmates with the few percussion instruments he used for bus rehearsals like this. Just thinking of the way he brought the drums alive, how passionate he was with that long hair of his flying everywhere, made my panties instantly wet and I clenched my legs together as I fought off my sudden need for a man who was nothing but bad for my heart.

With my desire for him came all the reasons I should hate the drummer. It wasn't entirely his fault that I'd had to buy that damned pill back in April. I'd been so caught up in the moment that I'd completely forgotten to tell him I'd gotten off my birth control at my last GYN appointment. If anything, that was all on me and was probably why I felt so guilty about it.

No, what I couldn't get over was that fucking bet. Why had he made it? And why, once he'd won, hadn't he just ended things then and there? I'd been an easy conquest for him, and he'd scored within days of that spring tour starting. As far as I knew that was all it would have taken for him to win the bet. So why had he kept stringing me along, letting me think that he really cared about me? Had he? Or had he just enjoyed the sex on tap that I'd provided?

Those same questions kept going through my mind and with each one it was like someone was taking a hammer to my heart. Fuck, it hurt. Even after more than a year it still hurt so damn bad. It pissed me off that it hurt, that I was still so vulnerable to Devlin Cutter. Why couldn't he hurt as bad as I hurt? I wished he would.

I sighed and blinked my eyes, realizing for the first time that I was silently crying. Clenching my jaw, I angrily dried my eyes and face. "Damn you, Dev. Damn you for making me hurt this much," I whispered to the roost above mine.

When my eyes were dry and I'd finally stopped crying, I blew out a long, frustrated breath. I didn't want to lie here and be alone, but I didn't want to have to go out there and deal with Devlin or Zander or anyone else. Not right now.

Below me I heard Marissa shift restlessly. "You asleep, Rissa?" I asked, just in case she was still sleeping. I didn't want to bother her if she was.

There was a small hesitation before I heard her reply. "Nope."

I bit the inside of my cheek. "Can I come lie with you?" I asked hopefully.

When she didn't even hesitate I breathed a sigh of relief. "Sure, come on down."

I tossed back my covers and slipped out of my roost before pulling back the curtains of hers. When I saw her red-rimmed eyes and her tear-streaked face my heart hurt all over again, but for her this time. I didn't waste another minute as I climbed into the roost with her and laid my head on her chest. Her arms wrapped around me and I closed my eyes as a sense of peace washed over me for a moment.

I wasn't sure how long we lay there like that, silently offering each other comfort as we rode on that tour bus toward Chicago. But it felt good. It was exactly what I'd been needing. Some of my pain eased during the time that Marissa and I held each other, some of the guilt disappeared for the moment, and my anger at Devlin and the world vanished. It would come back later with a vengeance, but for that little bit of time, I was okay.

Eventually both our stomachs began to grumble and growl. My appetite had been absent for a while now so the sudden feeling of being hungry was almost alien to me. I wasn't going to turn my back on it and ignore it, either. "Want something to eat?" I asked her. She shrugged and nodded her head and I sat up. "Be right back."

The guys were still jamming when I went to the fridge and pulled out a small frozen pizza. I turned my back to them, not wanting them to see any lingering evidence of my earlier tears while I fixed Marissa and myself some lunch. As I moved around, grabbing two drinks and a bag of baked chips along with the nuked pizza, I could feel eyes following me. From the way my body responded-my nipples almost instantly tightening, my panties growing damp once more, the small hairs on my body standing to attention-I knew it was Devlin.

If I looked at him I knew I would probably throw one of the cans of soda in my hand at his head, so I kept my back to him as I finished up and then walked back to the sleep area where Marissa was waiting on me.

Some of my earlier appetite vanished but I forced myself to nibble on a few chips and eat one of the little triangles I'd cut the pizza into. When I was done I felt a little better, but my anger was coming back like a tidal wave, washing away any other emotions inside of me.

"I keep thinking about that fucking bet," I surprised myself by confessing, tearing the napkin in my hands in two in my agitation. "How could they..." I stopped and shook my head. Was I really heartbroken over them both? No, I was pissed off at them both, but only one of them had broken my heart. "How could he do that to me? I thought we had something special, but all I ended up being was some kind of immature fun for him and damn Zander."

I glared down at the two torn pieces of napkin in my hand as if they were the cause of all my problems. I tore them both into shreds, wishing it was Devlin's face. If I'd been paying more attention to Marissa and not the napkin, I would have seen the way her face lit up with an evil smile.

"Let's have a little immature fun of our own, Nat."

I gathered my mess into a small pile, not really paying attention. Immature fun? Was she offering..? "I love you and all, Rissa, but I've never been interested in experimenting with a girl before."

Marissa's giggles made me finally raise my head. When was the last time I'd heard her really laugh like that? Not in the last year that was for sure. It was a pretty sound and I couldn't help but smile at it. She grabbed her sides, laughing so hard that tears slipped from her cheeks and I could feel pink filling my cheeks that I'd obviously taken her question the wrong way. "No, no," she got out around her continued giggles. "I wasn't suggesting that, Nat. I swear."

"Oh." I grinned at my own silliness. "Sorry, Ris. What were you going to say?"

Marissa tried to get a hold of her giggles and shifted closer to me, lowing her voice as she spoke. "I was thinking about that bet that Dev and Z made. How about we make one of our own?"

A bet of our own? The idea instantly held appeal. Why shouldn't I do the same thing to Devlin that he had done to me? "You've roused my interest, my friend."

Some of the laughter left Marissa's lovely face. "Let's make Wroth and Devlin sweat. It's obvious they want us to take them back. Especially Dev. He's like a kicked puppy around you."

My own grin faltered. Was he? I hadn't noticed. But even a blind man could see how lost Wroth was without Marissa. "Wroth isn't much better, Rissa," I told her quietly.

"Whatever, I don't care," she said, but I didn't believe her for a second. "I don't want a man who is going to cheat on me."

"And I don't want one who treats me as nothing more than a game," I assured her. That was exactly how Devlin had treated me, and all his assertions of caring for me had simply been a part of his game.

"So let's make them the game." Her grin was evil, and that scared me just a little. Marissa didn't have an evil bone in her body. "I bet you that I can make Wroth beg me for another chance, seduce him and then drop him before you can do the same to Devlin." Marissa said with a dangerous glint in those beautiful blue eyes of hers.

"You want me to seduce Devlin?" If it was possible to whisper a shriek, then I did it right then. How could she suggest that to me? I'd already gone down the road of sex with Devlin again over six weeks ago. It had been mind-blowing, but had left me feeling cheap and easy. And twice as broken. "Have you lost your fucking mind? I don't want to get within touching distance, let alone let him kiss me."

"I didn't say it was going to be easy." Marissa reached for my hand and gave it a reassuring squeeze. "They deserve some payback for breaking our hearts. It's not fair that they got to move on while we are stuck in misery. It's obvious that they want another chance, so we will let them think they can have it. We'll let them get their hopes up, their hearts invested just like ours were then. Then we get one last good fuck, the closure that we both need, and drop their asses, shatter their hearts like they did ours. Don't tell me that the idea doesn't tempt you, Nat."

I couldn't tell her that. It was very, very tempting. But it was also very, very dangerous. The reason I hated Devlin so much was because I still loved him. If I let my guard down, which I would have to in order to go through with this bet, then there was a very big chance that I would be hurt right along with the man I was trying to shatter. Was I willing to risk that? Was it worth the added pain to myself to break him as I was broken?

Sighing, I rubbed my hands against my temples, feeling another headache starting up. "What are we betting? What does the winner get when they win?" I asked.

"If you win, I'll take over your job for a week and you can take a vacation," Marissa told me and I nearly fell out of the roost.

For real? She would take on my twenty-four-seven job for an entire week and I could go on an honest vacation? "Holy shit that would be awesome." Okay, okay. Things just got real. I was determined to win now. Emmie would trust Marissa to take over my job for a week. She would let me go radio silent for an entire week and I could go sit on a beach somewhere and soak up the sun and just relax. It didn't even have to be a beach. I could go anywhere. I just wanted the break.

"Alright," I agreed. "And if you win, I will switch rooms with you." That seemed like a decent trade. I didn't care which room I had in our apartment, but I knew that Marissa liked her space. She was used to a freaking huge house and a gigantic farm. Not a three-bedroom apartment in one of the most overcrowded cities in the world.

Marissa promptly held out her hand with a grin. "Deal!"

"What is the timeframe? How long do we get to accomplish everything?" Maybe I should have asked that first. If I only had a week then I needed to jump on it-or rather jump on Devlin-as soon as possible. But if I had a few weeks then I could harden my heart a little better against him before starting to work on the bet.

"Everything has to be accomplished by the end of the tour," Marissa said after a moment's hesitation and I blew out a relieved sigh.

"Okay, then. Deal." I shook her hand with a determined smile.

This was going to be interesting.

Devlin

"If you come looking for your kid and can't find him, it's because I already buried the body."

I couldn't help but snort at Jesse's statement as I dropped down on the couch in his living room. "Where's he at now?" No sooner had Lucy and Harris found out that we would be touring together this summer they had announced that Harris would be staying on the Thorntons' bus. I'd been more than a little relieved to have my son on another bus than my own. Especially when I was mere feet from temptation in the form of an elfin beauty. Plus I knew Lucy would keep Harris out of trouble-for the most part.

"He's off with Jenna, but I told him to be back before midnight so that Layla doesn't worry." Jesse's gaze went to the sleep area at the back of his bus and he blew out a frustrated breath. "She's pissed at me."

I grimaced as I lifted the bottle of beer to my lips and took a long swallow. "Why? What did you do this time?" I meant it as a joke, though. Jesse and Layla didn't argue often, their relationship was a close one. My friend pretty much worshiped the ground his beautiful wife walked on. If Layla wasn't happy with him then something big was going on between them.

Jesse rubbed a hand over his bald head. "She's been talking about having another baby. I think with Lana's pregnancy showing and Dallas announcing hers just a few days ago that she's getting baby fever."

"So go fuck your wife and get her pregnant, man. I'm pretty sure you'll both be happy after that." I took another swallow of beer, thankful that I didn't have to slow down anytime soon since we were going out a little later.

Jesse glared down at me. "Another baby would be great, Dev. But it's the nine months leading up to the baby that I'm scared shitless of. You remember what happened with the twins. I don't ever-ever-want to go through that again. Layla is my world. I can't deal with the thought of losing her again."

"Dude," I shook my head, "Layla was carrying two behemoths last time. If she doesn't have twins I'm sure she will be fine." But I completely understood where he was coming from. Even I had been worried about sweet, beautiful, feisty Layla waking up during those two-plus days that she had been unable to wake up after the emergency C-section with the twins. It was a wonder that the poor man hadn't had a nervous breakdown at the time because of all the hell he was being put through. Not only had he had to worry about his wife and his twins, but also the chance that Lucy would be taken from him.

"I still don't want to chance it. The twins and Lucy are more than enough for me." Jesse tossed his empty bottle of Corona in the trash and then held out his hand for my now empty bottle. "Let's go get something harder, bro. I need to unwind."

As we stepped off the bus, I saw a limo pulling up in the parking lot just outside where our buses were set up. Jesse went to tell the others it was time to go and I climbed in. If I was already in then Natalie wouldn't be able to bail when she saw that I was going with them to the club. At least that was the plan.

It wasn't long before the limo's door opened and my friends started piling in. When Natalie climbed in she didn't even look in my direction, just took a place right beside Rhett Fucking Tomlinson. When they started whispering back and forth and she giggled, I was seriously contemplating punching that fucker in the face. Instead I turned and punched the partition that divided us from the driver. "Let's get the fuck moving," I yelled.

The driver showed how smart he was by pulling out into traffic and starting the slow ride to the club in downtown Chicago. Beside me, Linc rearranged Marissa on his lap and I saw Wroth's jaw clench so hard that it was a wonder his jaw didn't crack. Linc might have been gay, but that didn't matter when a guy who looked like him had his hands on your girl. I could see the strain on my friend's face and figured the same was mirrored on my own as Natalie and Rhett continued to snicker and laugh about whatever they were whispering about.

Natalie's laugh was like a silky glove caressing my spine, making my entire body come alive with the soft little giggles and the amused twinkle in her blue-gray eyes. Rhett's laugh counteracted against that caress, making each caress instantly feel like nails on a chalkboard. I clenched and unclenched my hands into fists as I reminded myself that I would have to face Emmie's wrath if I started pounding on the walls of the limo.

By the time the limo pulled to a stop in front of the club, my hands were aching from clenching them so hard. Since I was in the back corner of the limo I had to wait for everyone else to get out, and as I watched Natalie climb out ahead of Rhett it took every ounce of control I had to not put my fist through the partition when I saw his fucking hand touch her ass.

I was going to end up killing that fucking rocker.

As soon as my feet touched the ground outside, I pushed through the crowd of my friends. I needed a drink-and soon-or I was seriously going to do something I would regret later. Or not regret. I wasn't sure which bothered me more. That I didn't do it, or that I didn't care about the repercussions if I did actually kill the prick.

A hostess showed us up to the VIP lounge where Emmie, Nik and the rest of Trance and Alchemy were already waiting on us. I grabbed a bottle of beer from the uncapped bottles already sitting on the bar top and walked away. It was safer for everyone if I was on the other side of the damn room.

The beer was gone in two swallows, however, and I was back at the bar ordering something a hell of a lot stronger. "Bourbon," I growled in the general direction of the bartender. My eyes had a will of their own and kept going directly to Natalie. Where she sat with Marissa, Linc, and of course the fucking Trance lead singer. She was drinking a glass of soda, and I wondered just for a moment why she didn't have her usual glass of wine sitting in front of her. Was she drinking something harder with that lemon-lime soda? Probably. "The oldest you have. Make it a double. No ice."

When the drink was placed in front of me I reached for it and tossed the guy a hundred. "Keep the change." I swallowed the double portioned drink like a shot and slammed the glass onto the bar top. "Another."

"Followed by a beer and then water," Emmie told the bartender as she took the barstool next to where I was standing. When I shot her a glare, she grinned and raised a brow at me. "You and bourbon don't mix well, buddy. Keep to the beer after this one."

"Sure, Mom." I lifted the refilled glass to my lips and swallowed it the same as I had the first. When I dropped the glass back down, a little easier this time in case Emmie decided to take my hand off, I grabbed the beer that was already sitting there for me. "Go away, Em."

She snickered, those big green eyes glowing up at me. "Why? Do I intimidate you?"

"Nope," I lied, taking a long swallow of the cold beer. "I'd just rather stew in my own thoughts right now."

Instead of leaving me alone, she turned around on the stool and I helplessly followed her gaze. Right to Natalie's smiling face. My chest suddenly felt like an elephant was sitting on it. That smile was like a force of nature in its own right. It could knock the wind right out of me, stop me dead in my tracks, and make every rational thought I had vanish in the blink of an eye. Once, that smile had been just for me. Now I only got glares, and looks filled with a hate that I had put there through my own stupid actions.

"She's a strong chick. I didn't realize or appreciate just how strong she was until last year." Emmie lifted a glass of ginger ale to her lips and took a small sip. "She still doesn't want Shane or Drake to know what happened. But when you look at her like that, it's hard to keep those two from seeing that something is obviously between you."

I took another swallow of beer. "I can't help how I look at her, Em. It would be like telling myself to stop breathing to stop looking at her like that."

Emmie nodded. "Yeah, I get that. All I'm saying is that if you want to help me help her keep you alive to finish out this tour, I'm cool with that. Maybe you could just not look at her when you're in the same room with all three of them?" She grinned when I gave her another glare, not even a little intimidated by me as I was of her. "Or not."

"What are we talking about over here?" Nik asked as he stopped beside his wife and kissed her lingeringly on the lips.

Emmie's eyes lowered to half-mast as she looked up at Nik. I clenched my jaw and looked away, remembering a time when Natalie had once looked up at me like that. "I don't remember," Emmie told him in a breathy little voice.

Nik chuckled. "Kissed you mindless again, did I?" He kissed her again and then picked up a beer that the bartender had just set in front of him. "I like that I can still do that."

"Babe, if you ever don't kiss me mindless then we have a problem." Emmie took another drink of her ginger ale and then set her glass aside. "Will you dance with me? We don't ever get to dance and I want your hands on me."

Nik's blue eyes darkened and he handed me his beer as he took his wife's hand. "Baby girl, if all you want is my hands on you, the dance floor isn't the place for that." Emmie stood and Nik led her in the opposite direction from where a few other VIPs were dancing already.

I snorted when I saw the sign for the bathroom as Nik led Emmie away. Typical. Someone was always getting laid in a bathroom. I was just surprised it wasn't Shane and Harper. Glancing around, I realized that neither were in the room and shook my head. They were no doubt already in one of the stalls halfway to paradise.

Lucky fuckers.

Natalie

The night was going better than I'd first feared. If you called a scary-ass Wroth swallowing one beer after the other like it was water a good night. Or that Marissa was drinking like a freaking fish. At least Devlin was keeping his distance. Even if I could feel his eyes on the back of my head every few minutes.

I hated that I knew where he was in the room without having to look. I hated the way my body responded to his eyes as they caressed over me from head to toe like a physical touch. And I really, really hated that when a chick from the other group of VIPs went over and leaned against the bar beside him, an inferno of jealous rage seemed to engulf me. The chick smiled up at him, flirting with her eyes as she stuck out her chest invitingly. Devlin didn't seem to pay attention to her, however, as he inhaled yet another beer that the bartender had put in front of him after Emmie had gone off with Nik.

After a few minutes of trying to talk to the drummer, the chick walked off pouting as her friends laughed at her failed attempt at bagging a rocker. I didn't want to admit how relieved I was that Devlin hadn't taken the very willingly offered bait of a one-nighter, but my chest felt a little lighter when I saw that he was more interested in his drink than the slutty VIP.

Linc nudged my shoulder with his elbow, pulling my attention away from the sexy drummer behind me. "Please tell me there isn't anything in that soda."

I shrugged. "Yeah. There is." His eyes narrowed on me and I grinned. "Ice."

Linc didn't grin back. "Not funny, Nat."

"Stop fussing over me like you're my dad or something. I'm fine. Everything is fine. Fucking fine, fine, fine." I picked up my glass of lemon-lime soda and sipped it through the straw. "F. I. N. E." I spelled it out for him before putting the glass back down on the table we were sitting at with Marissa and Rhett. "Don't," I told him when he opened his mouth again. "Just don't."

"Nat..."

"Let's dance," Rhett said as he stood and offered Marissa his hand. "I'm feeling restless just sitting here watching all the scary beasts glare at me from a distance." Marissa rolled her eyes at him, but took his hand.

"You probably should be scared," Linc grumbled as he picked up his bottle of beer and followed his boyfriend out onto the dance floor. When he noticed I hadn't followed them he turned back and took my arm, pulling me from my chair and out onto the dance floor with the rest of them.

I didn't feel like dancing, or even being here at this frickin' club. It was exhausting. On top of already being so tired, I felt like I could easily sleep for a week and still feel this way. I hadn't been out with Linc in weeks, months actually. The whole club scene had lost its appeal. Dance. Drink. Dance. Drink. Vomit. Go home. Sleep it off. Repeat.

Yeah, that wasn't for me any longer. And since Linc was starting to get serious with Rhett-well as serious as Linc could get-he was getting tired of it all, too.

Marissa swayed to the music in between Rhett and Linc, then bumped her butt against mine as she tried to get me to smile. I let a small one lift my lips because it was hard not to smile at her. There was just something about that girl that drew a person to her, made you love her within seconds of learning her name. Five minutes after I'd been introduced to her a few years ago I'd wanted to just wrap her up and protect her from everything bad in the world, even if she didn't need for me to. It was just part of the magical pull that Marissa naturally had.

The music changed a few more times and I noticed that Linc kept distancing himself from Rhett at times. I sighed and met Marissa's sad gaze before we both turned our attention back on the couple. Rhett was so obviously in love with Linc, but Linc was terrified of commitment. Scared shitless of the romantic version of love. His fucking parents had really done a number on him as he was growing up, showing him just how bad loving someone could really be. These days he didn't have anything to do with his parents or his brother and sister because they had all turned their backs on him when he'd told them he was gay.

They had kicked him out of their lives when he was still a teenager. That was when he'd met Harper and Dallas, who had accepted him with no questions asked. They had been all the family he needed, or so he had told me on a few occasions. Now his little family of three had extended to include Lana and myself and all the other family that came with all of us. To Neveah, Linc was just as much an uncle as any of the Demon's Wings guys.

I just wished he would open his green eyes and see that what he had with Rhett was special. Rhett proved over and over how much he cared for him. Linc was always pushing Rhett away, starting arguments and kicking Rhett out of the apartment at least once a week. Rhett was determined though, and came back fighting twice as hard for Linc's heart every time.

Several more songs played and Linc produced another round of drinks for us all, his eyes shooting sparks at me as he handed over my glass of lemon-lime soda. "Ice is the hardest thing in this one," he muttered as he passed Marissa her rum punch.

"Just the way I like it..." I snapped back as I took a thirsty swallow. "...Daddy."

"Smartass." Linc took a deep swallow of his beer and pulled me against his side. "Dance with me before you get into trouble."

The night went by at a snail's pace, or maybe it was just me. I mostly just stood with my little group of friends while they danced. Marissa was starting to feel the rum and not really paying attention to her surroundings, but I noticed Wroth as soon as he left his seat at the bar. The determined look in those dark eyes along with the glassiness that told me he'd been drinking more than he normally had spelled danger to me in big, neon lights.

I knew he would never physically hurt Marissa, but anyone else who got in his way was a different story entirely. I grabbed Linc's arm and pulled him out of the line of fire, but Rhett was still dancing with Marissa and he was the most likely to die tonight if he got in Wroth Niall's way. I rushed to pull him back with me and Linc and watched with a gaping mouth as Wroth kissed Marissa senseless.

Rhett started to move to intervene but Linc stopped him with a hand on his boyfriend's arm. "Don't. He will kill you, man."

"I'm not scared of Wroth," Rhett responded.

"Then you should be." I wrapped my arms around his waist to take away some of the sting from my words. "Look, there are a few things you need to know to stay alive on this tour. One, don't piss Emmie off. It will get you ugly-dead. Like your-own-mother-wouldn't-recognize-you dead." He snickered but I didn't smile back. This was serious. "Two, don't look at Lana for longer than a few minutes or Drake will cut off your dick. True story." Again with the snickering and I punched him in the chest before hugging him again. "And number three, don't rattle the cage of the beast." I nodded toward Wroth. "If that isn't a beast I don't know what is. And he might look all cuddly on the outside but on the inside lies a very angry monster. He can destroy you with his little finger, Rhett. I love your dumbass, so please don't get yourself killed."

Rhett laughed but he nodded. "Okay. I'll try to avoid those three things."

"You'd better." I pushed away from him just in time to watch Wroth walk away from a teary-eyed Marissa and Emmie wrap her arms around her just a moment later. What the fuck had we missed?

"Natalie." I heard my name but didn't immediately turn around. There was no use, I already knew who it was. Just the sound of my name coming out of his mouth was enough to make me ache for him.

Slowly I turned, tightening my arms around Rhett's waist instinctively. If I let him go I would probably do something stupid. Like slap Devlin's face. Or kiss him. Neither were options tonight. Not with one of my brothers and his band brothers watching. I might have crossed the thin line between love and hate and was now knee deep in hate, but I still loved the drummer enough not to want him dead.

When I was facing him, I finally lifted my eyes to meet his aquamarine gaze. It was blatantly obvious to me that Dev had been drinking more than he normally would have. Those eyes-that I could drown in if I looked long enough-were glassy and more than a little bloodshot. He stood straighter and if I hadn't been in heels he would have stood at least an entire foot over me. Devlin was the kind of drunk that became more controlled instead of less inhibited. He was pretty laid back when he wasn't drinking, but more than a few beers plus add on the bourbon he'd been swallowing like water, and you had a very different Devlin Cutter.

Those glassy eyes of his lowered and narrowed when they landed on Rhett's stomach where my arms were still holding on for dear life. "Are you with this fucker now?"

I had to remind myself that I didn't want Devlin dead. Sighing, I released Rhett and stepped closer to Devlin. He relaxed a little and I glanced around to make sure that none of the Demons were paying attention to us. Thankfully Nik was deep in conversation with Jesse and Axton, and Dallas was standing in front of them as if acting like a shield for me. Shane and Harper hadn't come back from their bathroom sex-capades and I'd never been so glad that my brother and sister-in-law were freaks who liked public sex.

Relieved that no one was paying us any attention, I glared up at Devlin. "It's none of your business if I'm with Rhett or anyone else."

"Is that a yes or a no?" his voice rumbled as he lowered his head so that we were almost on the same eye level.

"It's a 'go fuck yourself'," I snapped. "Go away, Devlin." I didn't have the energy to deal with him tonight. I doubted I would ever have enough when it came to this man and having to constantly fight myself and my feelings for him.

Briefly I remembered the bet I'd made with Marissa earlier in the day, but I wasn't ready to start down that road. Not tonight. I had fourteen weeks to fulfill the bet, one damn night wasn't going to affect it. It was going to be hard enough to keep from letting my heart get involved all over again, and I was still questioning my own ability to follow through with the bet. Could I really shatter Devlin the way he'd shattered me?

I'd just have to make him fall in love with me, hard and deep so that when I did walk away at the end of the summer he was left in a pile of broken pieces that no one would ever be able to put back together.

Devlin moved so quickly that I didn't have time to step back when his hand shot out and he caught my hand. I barely had a moment to realize what he was doing before he was pulling me out of the VIP lounge and down the corridor that led to an emergency exit. I had enough sense to glance behind me to make sure no one was watching, but the only ones that were looking in our direction were Linc and Rhett. Neither of which I wanted to save me from whatever was about to happen. I didn't want Rhett to get hurt and I didn't want Linc running his fucking mouth.

The corridor narrowed the closer we got to the emergency exit. By the door there was a little alcove that Devlin pulled me into and backed me against the wall. "Are you with Rhett Fucking Tomlinson or not?"

The sound of his voice, so thick and rich, made my nipples bead and my panties flood with my need for the man standing so unwaveringly in front of me. My head clouded with desire that only Devlin had ever produced in me, making any thoughts of telling him to go fuck himself once more to vanish like a puff of smoke.

"Answer me, damn it," Devlin commanded, his head lowering until I could feel the heat of his breath on my lips. "Natalie, I can't handle this. Just tell me before I fucking go off the rails."

"Dev..." My tongue drifted out without my permission to dampen my suddenly dry lips. With a moan I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him closer. The scent of his cologne only heightened my overwhelming need to kiss him. "Shut up, Dev," I breathed as I sealed our mouths together.

He stiffened against me for just a moment before he took control of the kiss. His arms encircled my waist, his hands moving down to cup my ass and pressed my lower body against his thick cock. He swallowed my next moan as he thrust his tongue deep into my mouth and lifted me. My legs wrapped around his waist as if it was the natural thing to do. Because it was. My body knew instinctively that Devlin meant pleasure, just as my heart knew he meant pain.

With my legs wrapped around him tightly, my skirt shifted upward. His big, talented hands pulled it the rest of the way up until his fingers were pulling away my panties and he was cupping flesh. I rubbed my pussy over his jeans-clad cock. More liquid flooded my passage in anticipation of him filling me and I knew that he would know exactly how much I wanted him. In that moment I didn't care. I just wanted to come, and I wanted to come right then.

I didn't know which sensation to concentrate on the most. The feel of his cock rubbing against my clit in just the right way. His hands squeezing and massaging my ass. His tongue thrusting in and out of my mouth, mocking the love making that I so desperately wanted. He tasted of beer with a hint of well-aged bourbon and of the man I still stupidly loved. It was all so overwhelming, so deliciously overwhelming and I could feel myself getting closer. Closer.

With a curse Devlin lifted his head. We were both breathing hard, but I didn't care if I ever breathed again as long as he kept kissing me. "Dev-" I started to beg him for more, but there was no need as he lowered his head once more and licked his way down my neck.

My fingers thrust into his hair, raked over his scalp as he licked lower, to the top of my low cut shirt and dipped into the valley between my breasts. His hips thrust against the swollen flesh of my pussy, making my nails sink deeper into his flesh without thinking. Devlin made a growl in pain-filled pleasure and I wanted to apologize but I couldn't form the words.

"Nat, do I need anything?" He lifted his head, long dark hair falling into his face as he looked at me with the same intense desire that I was feeling shining at me through his eyes.

"No," I breathed, trying to think clearly. "No, I went to the doctor." There was no reason for protection now. The fog was slowly starting to fade but my body was screaming at me to stop thinking and just let Devlin inside.

His lips covered mine again, putting an instant halt to anything else that might have filtered through my mind. His tongue thrust deep even as he released my ass with one hand so that he could free himself from his jeans and boxers. I kissed him back, sucking his tongue hard so that I could taste more of him.

With a groan he pulled away, and we both looked down as he tore my panties away and guided his vein-bulging cock to my opening. I sank my teeth into my bottom lip to keep from crying out in ecstasy as the tip of his beautiful dick entered me. Devlin's lashes lowered as he pulled back. Even in the dim lighting of the alcove I could see that the tip was coated in my need for him. He rubbed his wet cock over my clit, his breathing growing more labored as he watched his thickness spreading the lips of my pussy.

The sight heightened my own desire and I whimpered as I felt more liquid heat flooding my opening. "Fuck, that's hot." He stole a quick, hard kiss. "Are you ready for all of me?"

I opened my mouth but no words would come. Licking my lips, I nodded. He cupped both my ass cheeks in his big hands as he thrust forward, filling me. I clung to his shoulders, my face burying into his neck as I sank my teeth into the flesh just under his ear to keep from screaming. Fuck, he felt so good.

Devlin's hold on my ass tightened and I knew that I would be feeling his hands there for a long time afterwards. My back slammed into the wall behind me as he pulled free and started thrusting at a pace that had me quickly reaching a height that only this man had ever taken me to. I moaned my encouragement at how hard he was fucking me, wanting him deeper, wanting to be a part of him like this for eternity.

"Please tell me you're close, baby," Devlin's voice rumbled at my ear. "I don't know how much longer I can hold back."

"Harder, Dev." I kissed the spot my teeth had just sunk into. He would definitely have a memento to carry around for a while from the love bite I'd just given him. It was a wonder I hadn't drawn blood. "I'm close. Don't worry about that. Fuck me harder."

I was hanging right on the edge. His thickness sliding in and out of my drenched pussy, the way he pressed down against my clit before pulling out and filling me all over again was pushing me higher. I wanted more, and knew that when this was over I would crave so much more. As soon as I came down from the high of my approaching orgasm I was going to feel empty again, but I would deal with that later.

He tightened his hold on my ass even more and tilted my hips up ever so slightly. It forced me to take him even deeper, the ridges of his cock hitting at a different angle that kept me whimpering in pleasure as he fucked me as hard as I'd asked for. "Dev..!" I couldn't contain the scream that escaped me as the beginnings of my release started to consume me.

"Yes," he groaned, pumping even harder. "Yes, baby. Fuck, you feel so good. Damn, I've missed you."

My orgasm kept coming, his wild thrust prolonging it. His lips brushed over my ear, his breathing coming in gasps as I felt his cock thicken even more deep inside of me. Seconds later Dev stilled, his breath caught in his lungs and I knew he was about to empty inside of me. "Nat..." He whispered my name roughly just as I felt the first spray of his release filling me. It was hot and thick, making his next slow thrust send me spiraling over into another orgasm.

Natalie

I slowly came aware of my surroundings as the euphoria of two amazing orgasms began to fade.

Devlin was still deep inside of me, but I could feel a mixture of both our releases dripping down my thighs. I closed my eyes as a wave of shame washed over me. I'd just gotten fucked in some dark corner of a nightclub by a rock star. By the one man I was helpless to want, need-love.

I talked a good talk but I definitely could not back it up with actions. Otherwise I wouldn't now be in the same position I was sure Devlin had been in countless times before with his band of groupies. I was better than this, so much better than this. Having sex-no, it had been plain and simple fucking-with Devlin in a public spot like this where anyone could have come along and seen us was not something I got off on.

It wasn't the first time we'd done something like this, though. But every time it had happened in the past I'd always ended up feeling just like I was now. Easy. Slutty. Ashamed of myself. Disrespected...

The disrespect had never felt as overwhelming as it did right in that moment, though. It only showed me just how much Devlin Cutter didn't care about me. He could fuck me in a public spot like this not caring if someone saw me exposed, or that they could take pictures and maybe even sell them to some sleazy magazine. All he'd cared about was getting off and nothing more. Of course if I was honest, that was how I'd been feeling during the whole thing too. I'd been the one to start it by kissing him first, but now that the heat of the moment was cooling, everything else was flooding in and I felt used.

Blinking back tears, I pushed against Devlin's still heaving chest. Slowly he raised his head from my neck. "What's wrong?" he demanded as he pulled back a little.

"This." I waved my hand between the two of us where we were still so obviously connected. "This is what's wrong. I just let you fuck me where anyone could see us. Do you even care that we could have been caught? That someone could have gotten us on camera? That my brother might have tried to have sex with Harper back here?"

"Stop worrying, baby. I kept an ear open."

I pushed at his chest harder and he finally pulled free of me, making him moan. I bit my lip to keep the same sound from escaping me. That empty feeling was already starting to replace the pleasure. Once he was no longer part of me I wiggled until he let me down. My legs were wobbly and I had to take a moment to get my bearings before I could take a step without falling. With a trembling hand, I fixed my skirt and noticed that my panties were a torn mess on the floor.

Devlin tucked himself back into his jeans and bent to pick up the little piece of silk. I wasn't surprised when he tucked it into his pocket. No doubt he considered my panties his trophy. I turned away, determined not to let him see the tears that I couldn't keep at bay any longer.

"Nat...?" I moved around him and started back down the corridor toward the bathrooms. I couldn't deal with him or what I'd just done with him right now. "Don't run away again. We need to talk."

"I can't," I whispered. I hated that I was running away yet again, but my pride couldn't handle another second if I didn't get away from him. The tears fell faster down my cheeks and I let them go unchecked as I found the bathroom and pushed inside. Leaning back against the closed door, I covered my face with my hands and finally released the sob that had been strangling me.

"Nat," Dev said, pounding his fist against the door. "Come out, or let me in. Damn it, let me in so I can take care of you."

"L-leave me alone, Dev!" I cried, slowly sliding down the cool metal door. When my ass touched the tiled floor, I tucked my feet under me and doubled over as I let the tears fall. "Just leave me alone," I whispered.

How long I sat there crying, I wasn't sure. All I knew was that my back ached, my head was once again throbbing, and my face was sticky from all the tears that had washed away most of my makeup.

For the majority of the time I sat there, sobbing like a broken child, Devlin had knocked on the door I was still sitting against. "Please, Nat. I hate it when you cry," he'd groaned at one point. "Open the door and let me hold you."

Part of me had wanted to, but a bigger part figured I didn't deserve the comfort that he was willing to offer. Shit, I was becoming bipolar or something. One minute I hated his guts, the next I was sucking his face and riding his dick like I'd never get the chance again; and then I was screaming and crying at him, wishing him to the deepest pit in hell. Now...I just wanted him to hold me.

I didn't let him, though. How was I supposed to figure anything out if I did? Everything was so confused in my head at the moment and it was throbbing so badly that I didn't know up from down, let alone if I wanted to kiss Devlin or scratch his eyes out.

Eventually I cried myself dry, for the moment at least. Devlin hadn't knocked on the door in a while and I figured he'd already given up and either gone back into the VIP lounge or gone back to the bus. That my heart ached at the thought of him giving up so easily pissed me off-yay, yet another mood change.

Angrily I stood and dusted my skirt off. It was hard to tell what I'd just gotten on my ass from sitting on a nasty club bathroom floor. I needed a hot shower and some Tylenol and a full week's sleep. I'd only be getting the first two, and I had to make do with that much. Tiredly I rubbed a hand over my forehead, putting just a little pressure at my temples before moving to the sink and washing my hands.

I refused to look myself in the eye in the mirror as I bent over the sink to wash my hands. I knew I probably looked like a hot mess. My face felt sticky from crying, my eyes felt swollen and irritated. My lips felt bruised from Devlin's kiss and I sank my teeth into the fleshy part of my bottom lip in self-punishment for being so weak where he was concerned.

There was no knowing what waited for me on the other side of the bathroom door. I didn't want to open it, but knew that I had no choice. I still wasn't sure how long I'd been in the bathroom. Five minutes? An hour? It could have been even longer. Grimacing, I straightened my shoulders and reached for the doorknob.

When the door swung outward I wasn't exactly surprised to find my best friend leaning against the wall with a concerned frown on his handsome face. His green eyes were silently asking me if I was okay so I gave him a forced little smile and nodded. Linc straightened and held out those big, thickly muscled arms and I walked right into them. Those strong arms closed around me and I buried my face in his delicious-smelling chest.

Stupidly a fresh batch of tears burned my eyes as he rubbed his big hands up and down my spine. I'd thought I was all cried out for the night. Guess not.

"Let's go back to the bus," Linc murmured after a few minutes of letting me silently cry.

I nodded my head, only to wish I hadn't when it began to throb even worse. Was my head going to explode? It wouldn't have surprised me. "Yeah. I'm ready to say fuck this night."

Linc tucked me under his arm and guided me toward the closest exit, not bothering to make any excuses to the others. I was more than thankful for that. I could just imagine the look in Emmie's eyes if she saw my face at that moment. I didn't need angry Emmie on my case any more than I needed Shane questioning my tear-streaked face.

There was a line of cabs outside the club and one pulled forward to let us in. Linc told the driver the address and then pulled my head onto his chest. My tears had dried up again, but now my head was hurting so bad that I was starting to see little yellow spots. Damn migraine. Looked like I was going to have to break out the big meds for this headache. I didn't get them often, but when I did it meant practically putting myself into a coma to get rid of them.

With the debilitating headache came a wave of nausea. Moaning, I yelled out for the driver to pull over and barely had the door open before I was retching. If I'd still had long hair I would have just gotten vomit all in it.

It took a few minutes before I was confident I was finished and then the cab driver was moving at twice his earlier speed to get me out of his car before I started throwing up again. When we reached the buses, Linc lifted me into his arms because I'd nearly stumbled and fallen when I'd first gotten out of the cab.

"You have to take better care of yourself, Nat." Linc shifted me slightly in his arms as he opened the door to the bus. "This isn't good for you."

"It's just a migraine, Linc." I tucked my head closer against his chest when the overhead lighting in the kitchenette hurt my eyes. "I need my meds."

Linc didn't say another word as he carried me down the narrow hall to the sleeping area and placed me in my roost. He left me for a minute but when he reappeared he had a bottle of water and my migraine medicine. I looked at the bottle of pills apprehensively, wondering if I would be able to keep one of the tablets down. If I did happen to keep one down then I wouldn't be up until at least noon the next day.

There was so much to do, but the pain was so bad. I had no choice but to take one.

Linc placed one of the tablets in my hand and I swallowed it with a silent prayer that it would stay down. "Tell Em," I mumbled as I reached for my blanket and the little stuffed tiger I stupidly slept with every night. Yet another mood swing washed over me as I gazed down at the little tiger.

Devlin had given me the ridiculous little stuffed animal on the first tour I'd ever gone on with OtherWorld. He'd tossed the little thing at me one night when he'd walked onto the bus after a concert. "There, kid. Something for you to cuddle up to at night," he'd said with a smirk that I'd wanted to slap off his sexy-as-sin face.

I'd flipped him off, but actually slept with the soft stuffy every night since. It seemed childish, and since I was sick my guard was down and I had to admit that I still was childish in some ways. I needed to grow up, and fast, if I was ever going to figure my life out.

Linc placed a cool, damp cloth over my face and I sighed as it eased some of my discomfort. Cuddling the little tiger closer, I closed my eyes and let the meds take effect.

Devlin

Like a pathetic fool, I knocked on the bathroom door again, my heart twisting like a fuck pretzel as I heard her sobbing. I didn't understand why she was so upset. What had just happened between us back in that little alcove had been amazing. My spine was still tingling from the force of my release.

With a curse, I punched the wall behind me. It didn't give and my knuckles started to ache almost instantly. The pain calmed me a little, though. I felt as if I deserved it for making Natalie cry. Another sob carried through the door, making my heart bleed with the emotional pain she was in.

All I wanted was to talk to her. Something that we should have done a long time ago. Nat kept running away, though, making it impossible to talk about what really needed to be said. I could understand why she continued to avoid the much needed conversation. I'd hurt her deeply with that fucking bet. Shattered her, made her think that she meant nothing to me.

I should have manned up long before Zander had spilled the beans about the bet. I should have simply told her that I loved her. If I had, then when the news about the bet had come to light she probably wouldn't have been as hurt and we might have still been together. If I was honest with myself, I was just as childish and cowardly as I'd accused Natalie of being in the past.

'I love you' didn't come easily to my lips. My dad had never said the words to me, and my mother had been long gone by the time I was old enough to have memories. I was two when she decided that she didn't want to be the wife and mother of the local mechanic. Instead she'd run off with some businessman from Nashville and now had three step-kids and a daughter. The bitch hadn't wanted anything to do with me when I was a kid, but as soon as OtherWorld had made it big that had all changed. She'd even offered to leave her new family to come back into my life. I was suddenly famous, so it was okay to love me then.

I'd told her to take her love and shove it, then kicked her out of my apartment. She'd been a greedy, fame-hungry reaper and I hadn't been in the mood to be used.

It wasn't until Harris's mother died and he came to live with me fulltime that I'd started to tell my son that I loved him. Up till then I'd been a kid myself. I'd been angry at Tawny for ruining my friendship with Liam, a man I'd considered more of a brother and friend than I had Zander at that point in my life. That bitch had turned us against each other, and then dropped a kid in my lap.

None of that, however, should have kept me from telling the woman I loved how I felt. That was just me being a pussy. Now I had to fight to get her back and so far nothing I'd done had helped. If anything I'd done nothing but push her further away.

The sound of someone clearing their throat behind me made my back stiffen. If it was Rhett Fucking Tomlinson I was going to beat him to death. Slowly I turned and found Linc standing there with his huge-ass arms over his thick chest. Well, at least it wasn't the other rocker.

"What?" I thrust my hands into my front pockets, meeting Natalie's best friend's eyes without flinching.

Linc nodded his head at the door behind me. "She okay?"

I grimaced. "Fuck if I know. She won't talk to me."

"I'm sure that fucking her brains out really helped." I went cold at his words. My eyes must have been asking the question that was suddenly prominent in my mind, because he gave me a killer glare. "Yeah, I got a great show a while ago. I followed the two of you to make sure she was okay. When she started making those little sounds she always makes when you two are going at it, I walked away."

My jaw clenched. I wanted to punch the muscle-head in the face, but knew I'd probably break my hand on his chin. "Look-"

Linc took a menacing step closer. "No, drummer boy, you look. I don't know what your usual deal is, but Natalie is the type of chick that when it comes to public sex like that, she's going to feel cheap. You two have done it in the past..." I opened my mouth to demand how he knew that shit, but he stopped me. "She told me, idiot. I know about the bathroom in Charlotte, and the hot tub in Huntington. And I know how ashamed she was afterwards."

"Ashamed?" I repeated stupidly. "She has nothing to be ashamed of. That was two people who couldn't contain their need for each other. There is nothing shameful in that."

The muscle-head shrugged. "In her eyes it is. It makes her feel like some slutty groupie. So for future reference, you might want to avoid the public forum of showing her how much you want her." He took another step closer and leaned against the wall. "I'm not saying don't kiss her or PDA shit like that. Just stop fucking her in dark corners."

My eyes widened. Was the muscle-head actually giving me advice? Why would he do that when he'd made it obvious often enough how much he hated me for hurting Natalie in the last year? "What's your angle here, muscle-head?"

The physical trainer rolled his eyes. "Maybe I just want her to be happy. She might hate you, but she still loves you. I could offer you a hell of a lot more advice, but for now that's all you get." He inclined his head toward the door again. "She's not going to want to see you when she's done in there. Go get another drink, man. I'll sort Nat out."

"She and I need to talk." I didn't want to leave. I wanted to be right there when she came out of the bathroom. Wanted to wrap my arms around her and simply hold her. Yet I knew that what Linc said was the truth. Natalie wasn't going to want to see me. I had to accept that for tonight. I trusted Linc to take care of my girl. If she wouldn't let me comfort her, then Linc was the only man I would want to fill my place.

"There is always tomorrow, man."

Blowing out a frustrated sigh, I raked my hair back from my face and nodded. "Yeah, tomorrow."

Reluctantly I left him there to wait on Natalie while I went back into the VIP lounge. I went straight to the bar and ordered another bourbon, but a single this time. I swallowed it in one gulp and then ordered nothing but water the rest of the night.

It was nearly four in the morning by the time we made it back to the buses in the limo we'd come in. Natalie and Linc never did come back and Rhett and Marissa had left an hour or so before us, so I could only assume they'd taken a cab. When we got back to the buses, Linc was sitting in the living room watching some indie movie. When Zander made a loud whooping sound as he walked onto the bus behind me and the others, Linc threw the remote at him.

"Keep it down. Nat has a migraine."

"Is she okay?" I demanded, glancing down the hall toward the roosts. I'd only ever seen her with a migraine once in the entire time I'd known her and she had been in so much pain, vomiting all over the place and basically blind in one eye. I'd wanted to take care of her then, but she'd refused to let me close.

"She took her meds and she's sleeping now. Just keep it down. She needs the rest."

Leaving everyone in the living room, I went back to the sleeping area and straight to her roost. Pulling back the curtains, my heart nearly stopped when I saw her curled up on the bed with that stupid little tiger I'd given her years ago. She still slept with it? I knew that she had in the past, but had figured she had tossed that little stuffed animal out when our relationship had gone to hell.

Shaking my head, I let my eyes travel up to her face where a washcloth was lying over her eyes. Her skin was paler than it had been earlier and I clenched my hands into fists to keep from reaching out and skimming my fingers over her cheek. I didn't to wake her in case she was still in pain.

My eyes drifted higher, landing on her short pixie-style haircut. I had to admit that the haircut suited her, and I liked that it made her look a little older. I'd run my hands through it earlier, when I'd had her in my arms and been balls deep inside of her tight little body. It was still just as silky, still just as beautiful. Sure, I would mourn the loss of all that long, glorious hair, but I'd rather mourn it than not have her.

I stood there for a long while, just drinking in the sight of her. Damn, but she was so beautiful. I'd been a lucky fucker when I'd been able to call this girl mine. Not just because of her beauty, either. She was an amazing chick. Hardworking, determined, feisty, kindhearted, and she didn't take shit from anyone. I'd fought my attraction for years until I just hadn't been able to contain my feelings anymore. Now, I might not ever get the chance to really call her my own again.

Eventually I felt the bus start to move and with a reluctant sigh closed the curtains to her roost and climbed into my own across from hers. It was a long time before I fell asleep.

The bus bouncing over a pothole woke me. Slowly I blinked my eyes open and reached for my cellphone that was beside my pillow, which showed that it was nearly two in the afternoon. With the heel of my hand I rubbed the rest of the sleep from my eyes and opened the curtain of my roost.

From the bathroom I could hear the shower turning off. I quickly grabbed a pair of boxers and some jeans from my case and stepped into them before I had company just in case it was Marissa. I didn't want to die at the hands of Liam-or worse, Wroth-if Marissa happened to see my dick swinging free.

I was zipping up my jeans when the bathroom door opened and Wroth walked out. I wasn't even sure if he saw me as he headed through the sleeping area and down the hall. There weren't many people I would ever admit to being scared of, but Wroth was number two on the list of people I wouldn't willingly fuck with. Emmie was number one. Call me a pussy all you want, but that little redhead terrified me.

Once Wroth had shut the door behind him, I moved to Natalie's roost. I hoped she was still asleep, so maybe I could climb into bed with her and just hold her for a little while. When I pulled the curtain back, though, her bed was empty. The covers had been straightened and her little stuffed tiger was resting on her pillow.

My heart clenched at the sight of that little stuffed animal. I'd bought it and given it to her on a dick move on the first tour she'd ever gone on with OtherWorld. Even then I'd struggled with my attraction and feelings for her. I'd hoped that by continuing to remind myself that she was too young that it would help curb my overpowering attraction. Giving her the stuffed tiger had been one of a thousand insults I'd tried to throw at her.

And she'd just rolled her eyes at me and slept with the damn thing every night during that torturous tour. Every tour afterwards I'd found that little tiger in her roost. Even last spring when we'd been sharing a roost almost every night, she'd slept with it on our bed. That it was here now had to mean that she still cared about me.

Right?

Not bothering to grab a shirt, I left the sleeping area. I didn't bother to close the door behind me as I walked down the hall. When I reached the living room my eyes went straight to Natalie sitting on the couch with her legs tucked under that long-ass sweatshirt that she always wore when she wasn't feeling well. Normally it was what she wore when she was on her period, when she said she was feeling fat and ugly.

Crazy chick. She could gain a hundred pounds and suddenly sprout warts and moles all over that elfin face and I would still think she was the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen.

Someone shifted on the couch beside her and my eyes zeroed in on the person sitting so close to her. I blinked back the red trying to cloud my vision. "What the fuck is Tomlinson doing here?" I barked. I turned my glare on Natalie. "Did he sleep here?"

Say no, Nat. I silently begged her. Say no.

"I slept here," Rhett spoke up when Natalie just sat there frowning at me. I felt my blood pressure skyrocket at his words. My eyes snapped back to him before I could read the expression on Natalie's face. I was going to kill him. They would have to scrape his body from the highway when I was finished with him- "Marissa asked me to."

Oh. Well, fuck. The red haze vanished from my eyes just in time to see Wroth's reaction to the other man's confession.

"You're fucking kidding me. Right?" Wroth spoke so loudly he might as well have bellowed. I saw him start to shake as he took a step toward the couch, but I wasn't worried for Marissa. Wroth would have thrown himself in front of a speeding eighteen-wheeler before he harmed a hair on her head. As for what he might do to Rhett? I'd offer him some assistance if he wanted to kill that fucker. "Did he sleep with you last night, Rissa?"

"He slept in my bed last night..." She bit her lip, something she was starting to make a bad habit of doing. Sure it was sexy, but she was starting to turn into that damn chick off those fucking vampire movies Natalie had forced me to watch over and over again. "...but sleeping was all that happened if you really must know."

"Oh, I really must know." Wroth did bellow that time and I grimaced as the loud, scary-ass voice hurt my ears. He moved so quickly that I didn't have time to move before he was in front of the three people sitting on the couch. I started to take a step forward, intending to grab Natalie and get her out of harm's way but Linc was already grabbing hold of her and pulling her out of the way. I let out a relieved breath, knowing I wouldn't have gotten to her in time if Wroth suddenly turned rage monster and killed the rocker with his bare hands.

"You want someone to share your bed, you climb into mine. If I find out this happens again I will kill him, Mari. Do you hear me? I will kill him."

Wroth-" she began, obviously not in the least bit scared of the raging beast just inches from her, but Wroth kissed her silent.

"Don't push me. I've killed men before, I have no problem doing it again."

I grimaced, knowing that what Wroth said was true. His time in the marines had changed him because of what he'd seen and done. Poor bastard was still haunted from that time in his life.

"I know, Wroth." Marissa's voice was softer than usual, as if she were talking to a wounded animal. Or in this case a wild beast. "That wasn't your fault, though. You had to kill those men or be killed yourself. If anything, I'm glad you did that. You came home, Wroth, and I don't care what you had to do to make that happen." She stood and wrapped her arms around the big man's waist. "You don't have to kill Rhett. He didn't do anything wrong. We're just friends, I swear."

Within a blink of an eye, Wroth's rage faded. It was crazy how fast Marissa could take that hulking monster and make him look like a big cuddly teddy bear. Not that I would ever say that out loud. I didn't want to die at the hands of my friend if he ever heard me calling him a fucking teddy bear.

While Marissa held onto Wroth, Linc stepped closer to them. I stood there, watching it all with a small smile. Yeah, I could actually crack a smile since it had been Rhett and Marissa and not Rhett and Natalie sharing a bed last night. Something I should have been quicker to realize since she'd been so sick the night before and she'd been in bed alone when I'd checked on her before going to bed myself. But hey, jealousy is a real bitch and it clouds the mind when you feel that green monster overtaking you.

Linc cleared his throat to get Wroth's attention. Slowly, almost reluctantly, Wroth raised his head from Marissa's hair to look at the muscle-head. "Before you really do go all rage monster and start killing people, maybe I should clarify something. Rhe-"

Natalie cut whatever else he was going to say off. "Rhett and I are friends with benefits. You don't have to worry about him and Marissa, Wroth. Rhett and I are exclusive."

The red haze came back with a vengeance, and with it a pain in my chest that nearly knocked the breath from my lungs. No, no way. I couldn't believe that. I wouldn't. But when she lifted her eyes to mine and clenched her jaw, I had. The pain become worse, as if someone was actually ripping my heart from my chest.

With a pain-filled growl, I turned and put my fist through the paneling of the wall with one punch. She was mine. He'd had no right to touch her. She'd had no right to let him. I walked down the hall and straight into the sleeping area, slamming the door behind me. The hurt and jealousy and feeling of being betrayed clouded my vision and I lost control over my own rage.

I moved blindly to her roost and pulled the covers, pillows and that fucking stuffed tiger off her bed. The curtains tore down as I grabbed her mattress and threw it across the room. That didn't make the pain go away so I punched the wall, but the pain in my hand didn't distract the pain that was making me bleed to death on the inside. It was like her confession that Rhett was her lover-her fucking friend with benefits-had been a physical blow and I now had internal bleeding.

It didn't matter that we weren't together anymore. I felt as if she had cheated on me. That what we'd once had had meant nothing to her. How fucking dare she cheat on me! I loved that girl. Loved. Her.

Grabbing the closest thing, I threw it across the room and then punched the wall again. As if I were having an out-of-body experience, I felt the bus shift and then slow down, but I couldn't have cared less if we were stopping or if we were suddenly speeding out of control and about to crash. I just wanted the pain to stop.

Out of the corner of my eye I saw the door open and three of my bandmates standing in the doorway, but I didn't care what they wanted as long as they left me alone. Growling, I punched the wall again, and again. Again. The skin broke open, but I punched the wall again before shaking the blood off my hand.

The wound on my hand stung, the bruising on my knuckles throbbing, but it still didn't compare to the pain that was making it hard to fucking breathe.

Natalie

The bus swerved yet again and the driver pulled off onto the side of the road. I bit the inside of my cheek, knowing that this was all my fault. If the driver was stopping, I knew that Emmie's was too. Once she stepped onto this bus and Devlin was still out of control he was as good as dead. Ugly dead. As in no-one-would-be-able-to-identify-the-body dead.

Since I'd caused this then I had no choice but to fix it. I didn't want Devlin dead. Not even a little bit. I'd just wanted him to hurt as much as I hurt and from the noises coming from the back of the bus I was pretty sure that I'd accomplished that.

"Rissa, please try to keep Em from going back there." I gave Rhett a quick glance that hopefully told him how sorry I was for pulling him into my drama. I'd had no right to use him as a scapegoat like I'd just done. He was my friend and lying about having a sexual relationship with him was not something you did to your friend. Not when it could have gotten said friend killed.

I rushed down the hall and pushed past Zander, Liam, and Wroth. My eyes widened when I saw the mess the sleeping area was in. It looked like a freaking hurricane had hit the room. Mattresses, covers, pillows, curtains and even my little tiger was scattered around the room. There were big dents in the walls, a few holes, and drops of blood on the wall.

From the front of the bus I could hear Emmie demanding to know what was going on and I quickly pushed Wroth back into the hall and closed the door. In my rush to protect Devlin I didn't even notice that the door was warped. All I could think about was getting him calmed down before Emmie heard him tearing the place apart.

"Dev." I whispered his name a little brokenly when he turned around I could finally see his face. The pain in those aquamarine eyes, the way his face was scrunched up in torment, both of his hands bleeding from hitting the walls repeatedly. If I'd thought I would feel better by making this man hurt, I was wrong. I wanted to be vindicated, wanted to relish his pain, but I couldn't.

How would it feel if I followed through with the bet Marissa and I made? Would I be able to follow through with it if this was just a fraction of how it would feel to watch him hurt if I walked away from him at the end of the summer?

"Devlin." I said his name louder this time, needing him to focus on me rather than punching the wall again.

His head jerked up and his eyes narrowed on me. I took a few steps toward him and he backed up until his back hit the wall. "Get away, Nat. I'm not safe to be around right now."

I shook my head, not afraid of him in the least. Devlin had hurt me emotionally time and time again, but I knew in my soul that he would never hurt me physically. Underneath that bad-boy rocker there was a decent man who would never raise his hands to a woman. I took the last few steps to reach him and grabbed his bleeding hands.

Devlin pulled free and tried to step around me. I raised my hands and cupped his face. Instead of jerking away as I'd thought he might, he leaned into my touch. "Dev..." I sighed his name this time and pulled his head down so that I could kiss his lips.

The kiss wasn't passionate to begin with. It was full of a silent apology for what I'd done to him. But then my lips skimmed over his closed mouth, my tongue slipping out to tease his apart. My knees went weak and I leaned against him so that I didn't fall. His kisses were my own personal kryptonite. Dev pulled his head back. "No. You're with him."

I wrapped my arms around his neck. "I lied, Dev. I'm not with Rhett." His eyes narrowed on me, disbelief loud and clear in those aquamarine depths. I grimaced. "He's with Linc; Rhett is gay."

Devlin's nostrils flared, his hands grabbed hold of my ass and lifted me off my feet. Instinctively my legs wrapped around his waist again. He was already hard even though I could see that he was pissed off. The feel of his hard cock as it nestled against my pussy made me see stars for a moment, but his next question made me focus on him. "You lied? You aren't sleeping with that fucker?"

"Yes," I whispered, my gaze going back to his lips. Ah, damn. I wanted him so much. Wanted him deep inside of me again. Nothing mattered when he was moving within me, making me mindless with need for him. The emptiness I'd felt last night after our session of hot, public sex doubled as my need for him grew. "I lied, Dev. I haven't been with anyone but you in a very long time."

The look in his eyes turned stormy. "Define 'a long time', Nat," he commanded in a raspy voice.

"You know you weren't my first, Dev," I reminded him with a glare. "I haven't been with anyone but you except for my high school boyfriend. There, satisfied now?" Maybe I should have been asking him the same question. Had he been with anyone since me?

"Nope." He lowered his head and licked the sensitive area right where my neck and shoulder met. "Wish I'd been the first, baby. Wish I was the only one to ever be inside the nirvana of your tight little body."

"What about you?" I gasped

"What about me?" His voice was raspy, full of need.

"H-have you been with anyone else since..." I moaned when he moved his hips and rubbed in just the right spot to make me see stars. "...since m-me?"

"Don't want anyone but you, Nat. There's been no one but you since before we got together last spring." His hips thrust forward, right against my already throbbing clit.

Oh, shit. My eyes closed and my head fell back against the wall. My panties were already soaked with my need for him, but with each thrust of his hips against my pussy more and more liquid heat pooled between my legs. With the next thrust of his jeans-covered dick, I nearly came.

"Dev!" I cried his name. My fingers thrust into his hair, tangling in its length. "I need you."

"Need you too, baby." His teeth scraped over my shoulder, his big hands kneading my ass. "But I don't want you running off upset again."

"I won't," I promised. "Please, Dev."

"Begging for me, Nat?" I heard his inhale, knew he was scenting me. His groan told me he liked what he smelled. I hadn't showered when I'd gotten back last night because I was in too much pain from my migraine, and Wroth had already been in the shower when I'd first gotten up. I still smelled of Devlin, had traces of his cologne and sweat clinging to me. "You should never have to beg for my dick, baby."

"Then stop making me," I moaned when one big hand moved lower on my ass until his middle finger was rimming my entrance through my shorts and panties. He thrust upward with that thick digit in time with his thrusting hips. Fuck, I was going to come and he wasn't even inside me yet. "I want you inside of me, Devlin. Right now."

He lifted his head, his eyes darkening with a need that matched my own. "I'll give you all of me, Nat. Every fucking part of myself, if you will give me another chance."

"Another chance?" I whispered, only half listening as I watched his lips move. Damn, I loved his lips. Their shape, taste, talent.

"Say yes. Tell me that we can be together again, and I'll sink so deep inside of you that you'll feel me for days." He lowered his head again, his nose nuzzling my ear. The sound of his breath made me shiver, my nipples beading even harder than they already were. I pressed them harder against his bare chest. "Say yes, Nat."

With the last bit of sanity I had left, I nodded. "Yes. Yes, Dev." My legs tightened around his narrow waist. "I'll give us another chance."

His entire body seemed to shudder for a moment. I buried my face in his chest. I wasn't sure if I had just said yes simply because I wanted him inside of me again, if I wanted to follow through with the bet I'd made with Marissa, or because I really did want to try again. All I knew was that I needed him inside me right that second or I was going to go insane.

My hips shifted, forcing his cock to rub against my clit a little harder. "Dev..." I moaned. "I want you."

"Want you too, baby." His hands lifted to the top of my shorts and jerked them down over my hips, taking panties and all. I unwrapped my legs from him so that he could get the clothing out of the way while my hands fumbled to unfasten his jeans at the same time.

When the top button was undone I carefully unzipped his jeans and then my hand was diving inside. My fingers wrapped around his impressive girth, earning me a deep groan from him. His cock was hot as fire, hard as steel, and silky smooth to the touch. The pink head was already covered in the clear stickiness of his own need for me. Blue veins popping out along his thick shaft, pulsing with each heartbeat. I would've loved to have dropped to my knees and sucked him off, but my own need was too consuming right then.

With a growl he pushed his jeans and boxers down his legs. Stepping out of them he grabbed my waist. Once again my legs went around his hips. Instead of plunging deep inside of me right there against the wall, he fell onto his back on one of the mattresses lying on the floor. I gasped as he thrust up into me roughly. Our joining from the night before had left me deliciously sore. As every inch of his long, thick cock thrust deep, my tender flesh both protested and screamed in pleasure.

"Fuck. Oh fuck." Devlin's head fell back, his eyes shut tightly. "You feel so damn good, Nat. That sweet little pussy fits my cock like a fucking tight glove. Move for me, baby. Move that perfect ass."

I was helpless not to obey his raspy command. Moaning, I lifted my hips, loving the way he pulsed as I dropped back down. His hands tightened on my ass, his fingers digging deep as he held himself inside of me. Watching his face, seeing what I made him feel, was empowering.

My baggy sweatshirt was getting in my way and making me unbearably hot. I pulled it over my head and threw it across the room to land in the pile of bed covers that must have come from his bed. I was completely naked now and his eyes went straight to my breasts as they bounced while I rode his cock. With a growl he pushed me downward until his face was buried in the valley between my breasts.

The feel of his teeth on the inside of my left breast made my walls clench, my release rushing forward at an even faster pace. I grabbed hold of his shoulders, my nails digging deeply into his flesh as I quickened my pace. "Dev," I whimpered. "I'm going to..." I sobbed as my inner walls began to convulse. I felt the rush of liquid my release produced and buried my face in his chest as I silently cried out in pleasure.

"Fuck," he groaned. "That's it, Nat. Come for me, baby." With a growl he rolled us without disconnecting our bodies. His hands grabbed the cheeks of my ass and lifted my lower body off the mattress as he plunged deep into me at a speed that made my head spin with the sheer pleasure of it.

I was close again already. My thighs quivered from the force of the approaching orgasm. "Again?" he gritted. "You're going to make me come, baby. The way your tight little pussy is contracting..." My eyes lifted as he stilled above me, his hands gripping my ass hard enough to leave bruises on top of the ones that he'd given me the night before.

Watching Devlin as he came apart was something I'd always loved to witness. The way his hair fell into his sweat-covered face, his eyes lowering to half-mast. It was the most erotic thing I'd ever witnessed. A vein popped out in his forehead, his neck arching as his jaw clenched, holding in the shout that must have been ripping his throat to shreds from containing it.

In the next instant I felt the first hot spray of his release flooding into me. His semen was hot, making my inner walls quiver even more in pleasure from the heat that soothed my tender flesh. With a muttered curse Devlin fell on top of me and I closed my eyes as my orgasm finally started to subside. My eyes felt heavy and I let them close for a moment to savor the feel of this man's weight on me.

It was several minutes before Devlin lifted his head. "Am I hurting you?" He kissed my lips quickly and rolled off me before I could tell him that I would rather have him on top of me. I'd felt warm and safe. Now the coolness of the bus's air-conditioning made me shiver.

Devlin pulled me against his side, his body heat taking some of the chill away. "You're mine, Nat," he informed me, his strong arms tightening around me. He pressed his lips against the top of my head. "Mine. I was about to kill someone when I thought you were with Rhett. Tell me you're mine so that I know you know it too."

"Yeah," I answered him, knowing that no matter what happened now I would always be his. I always had. "I'm yours."

Natalie

I was rushing around making sure everything for tonight's concert went as smoothly as possible. I honestly didn't know how Emmie kept up with everything so calmly. I'd been doing this for three of the four years that I'd worked for Emmie and I still had difficulty keeping up with it all. If it weren't for my clipboard with all my lists of things that had to be done and in what order, I would have been seriously lost.

Demon's Wings were still on stage, but they only had another ten to fifteen minutes before the roadies would step in and change everything over so that OtherWorld could close the night out. I went over my to-do list one more time, my mind focused on nothing but it for the moment.

When strong arms suddenly wrapped around my waist from behind, I nearly screamed because I'd been so lost in thought. When I felt the roughness of Devlin's day-old beard on my neck, my mouth snapped closed and I leaned back against him. Since my brothers were still on stage I didn't have to worry about anyone else seeing us like this.

"How are you feeling?" Devlin asked, his lips right beside my ear so he didn't have to shout to be heard over the music.

"Still got a headache," I told him as I turned in his arms and leaned on tiptoe to kiss his lips. "But it's not like it was."

Devlin caught my bottom lip between his and nipped on it before sucking it deep. I nearly dropped my clipboard as I wrapped my arms around his neck, letting him deepen the kiss, but only for a moment. Pulling back, I gave him a mock glare. "I thought we agreed to keep things quiet for the moment? I don't want my brothers giving you a hard time if they find out about us."

He glanced around the dimly lit corridor that we were standing in. Only one roadie was in sight, everyone else was behind stage getting ready to do the switchover. He smirked down at me and slapped both his big hands across my ass. "I think we're safe for the moment, baby."

When he started to lower his head I nearly let him kiss me again. Why did his kisses have to affect me so much? Reluctantly I pulled away. If he kissed me I would never get everything that needed my attention accomplished. "Be good."

"We've been apart for too long. I'm just trying to make up for the lost time." He grabbed my clipboard and pulled it out of my hand. I gave a cry in outrage and tried to snatch it back. He grinned wickedly as he effortlessly held it over my head.

If I hadn't been so busy I would have taken pleasure in seeing that smile on his face. He looked happy in that moment. Really and truly happy. Unfortunately I didn't have time to savor it. "Babe, I don't have time for this," I whined. "Give it back so I can finish up."

The grin didn't dim. "Give me another kiss and I'll let you have it," he bargained.

I rolled my eyes at him. "Really? You're going to extort kisses out of me right now?"

"Be glad it's only kisses and not the quickie I really want." He lowered his arm, but didn't relinquish the clipboard. Wrapping his arms around me again he pulled me against him and lowered his head until his lips were a mere inch from mine. "Kiss me and I'll let you get back to work."

His warm breath brushed over my lips like a butterfly kiss and I melted against him. With a satisfied growl Devlin kissed me, but it was a softer kiss than I'd been expecting-a gentle caress of his lips over mine that left me more breathless than if he'd devoured my lips. When he stepped back, holding out my clipboard, I was trembling with a need that I doubted would ever be completely fulfilled.

"See you later, Nat." He winked before walking away.

For long minutes-minutes I really didn't have to spare-I just stood there, gaping after him. He'd never teased me like that in the past. So tenderly, so affectionately. When someone bumped into me I was finally able to snap out of my trance and jolted back to the here and now. Muttering a curse under my breath, I got back to work.

When Demon's Wings left the stage it was to the sound of the fans chanting their names. I was standing backstage watching as my brothers exited. Drake was laughing at something Jesse must have said. The big bald drummer twirled a drumstick with his fingers in a way that boggled my mind at how effortless it looked. The sound of Drake's laugh always touched something in my heart, especially now that I knew that it had been such a rare commodity in the past.

When my oldest brother spotted me he stopped long enough to drape an arm around my shoulders in a one-armed hug. "You look tired, Nat."

I gave him a small smile. "I am. It's been a busy night, and it isn't over yet."

"Is Emmie overworking you?" Shane asked as he stopped beside us. "We can talk to her."

I shook my head quickly, just in case they got it in their heads that they needed to have a talk with Emmie about me working too hard. I didn't want my boss thinking I had gone whining to my brothers because I couldn't handle the workload she gave me. It wasn't that I had too much to do-even though, yeah, I really did have too much on my plate at times. I actually loved my job. I just needed to get some things straight in my head so that I could function a little more clearly.

"Don't you dare talk to Emmie," I told the younger of my two brothers. "I will kick you in your favorite man parts if you open your mouth. I'm fine, Shane. I've just got a headache. Okay?"

Shane's hands covered his groin, probably scared I would kick him there anyway. "Okay, okay. Chill out. No wonder you have a headache. Your blood pressure must be through the roof." He grinned. "I'll see you later."

Drake and I watched him walk away, no doubt in search of Harper. When Shane was gone I looked up at Drake. "You'd better get going too. Neveah will be wanting her daddy to tuck her in or she won't go to sleep."

My brother's handsome face softened, just like it always did when he thought of his daughter. "Yeah, I'd better go back to the bus." He pressed a kiss to my temple. "Come over and spend some time with us soon. Okay? Neveah loves her Aunt Nat."

I had to blink to keep the sudden tears that burned my eyes from falling. I really should thank Jenna for running away four years ago to find our brothers. If she hadn't I might still be stupidly hating them for something that wasn't even their fault. I wouldn't have them in my life, or my beautiful little niece whom I loved just as much as she loved me.

"I'll make time in the next few days," I promised and gave him a little squeeze before pushing him in the direction Shane had just gone. "Give Neveah a kiss for me."

"Love you, Nat," Drake called over his shoulder.

"Love you too, Drake."

For the next fifteen minutes I helped as much as I could with the switchover for OtherWorld's equipment. I couldn't do much, but I did know how to set up the drums, and knew that if they weren't just right Devlin would be off-the-walls pissed. When we were nearly done, Zander came out to do the sound check since it was his turn to do it.

After he was satisfied with everything, he followed me off stage. The others were walking toward us, coming from the dressing rooms. My gaze went past Wroth, Liam, and Axton straight to Devlin. He saw me watching him and his lips started to tilt until his eyes moved behind me.

I shook my head at him in annoyance until I felt a hand on my arm. Surprised, I turned to face Zander. "What?"

Zander had a grim look on his face. "I just wanted to tell you..." He sighed and raked a hand through his shaggy hair. It was on the curly side and a few of the curls fell into his eyes. "Look, Nat. I'm sorry about that whole fucking bet thing, okay? I never should have made it in the first place. We were friends until all of that went down, and I was a dick. I miss hanging out with you. Can't we go back to being friends like we were before I turned into such an ass?"

My mouth fell open. I'd never been so shocked in my life. Zander was an arrogant asshole most of the time. He wanted to goof off more often than be serious, but I'd really loved hanging out with him before everything had turned sour. Losing his friendship had hurt bad, not nearly as bad as when I'd lost Devlin, but it had still been a blow on top of everything else.

Zander's apology, his asking if we could be friends again, that wasn't something that he would normally do. He didn't apologize for anything. Ever. But I knew that he didn't have many true friends. He had a lot of followers, but none that really counted. When he'd lost my friendship he'd also lost that of his very best friend. He must have been lonely now without either Devlin or me in his life, I realized.

"Zander..." I honestly didn't know how to respond. "I..." I broke off again. I wanted to be his friend again, but I didn't trust him any more than I trusted Devlin to not hurt me again.

His hold on my arm tightened. "Just think about it, okay? I miss you, Nat." After only a small hesitation I nodded my head. Zander gave me a tight smile and released my arm. "Thanks, Natalie."

"Everything ready?" Axton asked as he stopped behind me.

I turned and nodded. "Looks good. You're about to be announced so go take your places." The local popular rock radio host was going to introduce them and then my job for the evening would be mostly over. Mostly. Meaning I wouldn't have a million things to do, just a few hundred thousand.

Four members of OtherWorld headed out onto the stage where a curtain hid the stage during the switchovers. Devlin stayed behind, his eyes going to my arm and staying there, as if he could still see Zander's hand on me. "What did that motherfucker want?"

My brows lifted at the coldness of his tone. "He apologized for the bet," I told him honestly, but didn't tell him the rest. Devlin already looked pissed off, I didn't want to make it worse before he took the stage. It would throw him off. Which would piss off not only the rest of the band but the fans and worse-Emmie.

Devlin relaxed a little. "Alright. But if he bothers you again, let me know." He bent his head and brushed his lips over mine in a lingering kiss. My free hand grabbed hold of the hem of his shirt and held on tight as the kiss became deeper.

Groaning as if he were dying, Devlin broke the kiss and stepped back. One big hand lifted, cupping my jaw. His thumb rubbed over my swollen bottom lip. "You're sleeping with me tonight."

"Only if you keep your hands to yourself. I don't want the entire bus to hear us having sex." Pink filled my cheeks at the memory of everyone's knowing looks when Devlin and I had left the sleeping area earlier that day. No one had said anything; there hadn't been even the smallest stupid comment on what had happened. That didn't mean they didn't know what had happened behind that warped closed door.

If I slept in Devlin's bed tonight, they would all know that we were definitely having sex. I couldn't be quiet to save my own life when he was deep inside of me. Last spring when we had first started out, I hadn't really cared about people hearing us while we had sex. Harris had had his Beats so he hadn't heard us, and Linc and Marissa had been on another bus and hadn't been witness to my loud orgasms.

Devlin's grin was pure wickedness. "Sure, baby. Whatever you want." He pressed a quick, hard kiss to my lips and finally followed the others out onto stage.

I stood there, watching him take his seat behind his drums. He caught me looking and winked before turning his attention to Axton who was making some snarky comment about the way Nik had ended the Demon's Wings set tonight.

I snorted, knowing that Axton loved Nik like a brother almost all the time, except when he had to take the stage right after him. Moments later the lights dimmed and the fans were screaming the place down as OtherWorld was introduced. My gaze was reverted to Devlin as he clapped his drumsticks together, and Axton counted them down, before letting loose on his drums.

Watching Devlin was an erotic experience all of its own. The way he turned everything else off and let himself get lost in the beat of the song. His long, dark hair flying everywhere as he let his passion for music take over. If you ever compared Jesse Thornton's and Devlin's skills, you could say that Jesse was definitely the better drummer-although only marginally. But Devlin was the one you wanted to see perform live. It was a breathtaking experience that everyone should experience at least once in their lives.

"You're drooling."

I blinked, forcing my gaze from Devlin. Harris stood beside me, his hands thrust into the front pockets of his jeans. I shut my mouth, worried that I might have actually been drooling, but knew that he had probably just been kidding. "Hey."

Harris grinned. "Hey, yourself." The grin slowly faded when he saw how tired I was sure my face looked. "How's the headache? Dad said that you had a migraine last night."

I lifted a brow. "You actually talked to your dad today? Willingly?"

The sixteen-year-old almost clone-like version of the man I was in love with shrugged. "Sometimes. When he told me that you two were back together I figured I would try to be a little nicer to him. If he convinced you to take his sorry ass back, then I should give him another chance too." He lifted a hand to touch his fingers to my forehead. "So how's the head?"

I shrugged. "Not nearly as bad as it was last night."

"Good. You need to take better care of yourself, Nat."

I glared at him. "You need to stop talking to Linc." My phone vibrated and I pulled it from my back pocket to find a text from Emmie. I sent a quick reply, letting her know I would take care of what she needed me to, and replaced it before making a quick note on my clipboard so that I wouldn't forget. "I have to go."

"Yeah, sure. You do work your magic. I'm gonna hang out here for a few songs and then head back to the bus," Harris assured me.

"Okay. Pizza should be here in the next forty-five minutes. Do me a favor and eat a little salad with it, okay? You need something green in your diet every now and then." I grinned as his face twisted in disgust.

"You sound like Layla, but okay, Mom. I'll be sure and eat some leafy greenness." His grimace turned into a teasing grin when I frowned at him.

"Smartass," I grumbled, but couldn't help the small smile that tried to lift my lips.

"You still love me," he called after me, laughing.

"A little."

One minute I was talking to Pock, the roadie in charge of Wroth's guitars, the next my phone was getting blown up with both texts and phone calls. Frowning, I pulled my cellphone out of my back pocket and glanced down to see Code Red on my screen.

My eyes narrowed and my heart started racing as I tried to remember what a Code Red was. Emmie and I had decided on a code system since all the kids were with us on this tour. I knew that Red wasn't good. It was beyond bad-the worst code that there was for us. But I just couldn't remember what it was. One of the kids was hurt?

It was the most likely scenario and I took off running toward the buses, figuring I would find the source of the code faster than texting Emmie back. It only took a minute, maybe a minute and a half to reach the buses. The first thing I saw was Emmie standing outside of one of the buses, her phone to her ear while the majority of the security from the venue was standing around the bus like it was the freaking limo that carried the damn president in.

My heart turned to lead when I realized it was Shane's bus. Was my brother okay? Was Harper? Jenna? Fuck, please don't let it be Jenna.

I was out of breath by the time I reached Emmie. Not because of the sprint I'd just done, but because I was so scared that something had happened to someone I loved. Emmie spotted me coming before I'd even reached her and lifted the phone from her ear. "Get all the roadies together now. I want to know if anyone saw anything. The least little thing out of the ordinary I want to know about."

I nodded. "What happened? Are they okay? Where's Jenna?"

"The only one who got hurt was Ranger," Emmie told me, her eyes cold in her beautiful face. "Shane and Wroth are with him at the local emergency vet. The bus is torn all to hell. Harper is on Drake's bus with Jenna. After you get the roadies together, I want you to go check on her. All the guys are over there. They'll keep her safe until Peterson is free."

"Safe?" What the fuck did that mean? "Emmie, what the hell is going on?"

My boss blew out a frustrated breath. "Some lunatic tore the bus up, stabbed the dog and then left a message written in the dog's blood on the bathroom mirror." She swiped at the screen on her phone and a picture popped up. She turned it so that I could see it and I nearly threw up.

The message that had been written on the bathroom mirror chilled my blood and I swayed for just a moment before stiffening my knees. "You're next bitches" was written with Ranger's blood.

"Someone's trying to hurt Harper?" I whispered.

"Looks like it." Emmie nodded grimly. "The cops will be here soon. Peterson called them in hoping they can find some useful prints. Seller is sending me a team of security and an additional guard for Harper. I'm going to have to have the entire bus redone. It's not livable right now."

I fisted my trembling hands and stiffened my spine. Now wasn't the time to fall apart because some psycho was after my sister-in-law. Harper had crazies hating on her every day. That was why she had a personal bodyguard in the first place. Right now I had to focus on the things Emmie needed me to do.

I scribbled a few more commands onto my clipboard and then set off to get all the roadies gathered together. Twenty roadies were spread out all over the place, but I eventually found them all and told them to meet on their buses. Once I'd made sure that they were all there, I sent Emmie a text telling her they were ready for her to talk to and then went to Drake's bus.

I could hear Harper cursing before I'd even opened the bus door. I knew she was upset from that alone. Harper rarely swore, but when she did she could put Emmie to shame. I stepped onto the bus to find the living room crowded with my family. Nik, Jesse, Drake, Lana, Layla, Lucy, Jenna, and Harris were all sitting around while Harper paced the length of the living room and back again. Looked like Harper had picked up Shane's habit of pacing when he was agitated over something.

Spotting me, Nik jumped to his feet. "Do you know anything? Is Emmie okay? Did she hear from Shane yet?"

I didn't know how much Emmie wanted me to share with everyone yet and I really didn't know all that much so I answered the last two questions. "No, she hasn't heard from Shane yet. She's pissed off, but otherwise okay."

Harper turned at the sound of my voice, her violet eyes bright with a mixture of tears and anger. "Shane's okay? Please, Natalie. I'm going out of my gods damn mind here. I can't reach Shane on his cell. I need to know he's okay. I need to know what's going on with Ranger." Tears spilled from her eyes. "Look, I know Emmie is busy trying to deal with everything else, but please. Find out what's going on before I start climbing the walls."

I wrapped my arms around her shaking body, needing to hug her at least once before I started promising her I would help her find out as much as I could. Her shoulders sagged a little as I held onto her tightly. "I'll do what I can, Harper."

The door opened and Dallas, Axton, Marissa, and Linc rushed into the living room. Dallas practically jerked Harper from my arms and into her own. "Are you okay?" she demanded. She stepped back to do a visual exam of her best friend, her eyes full of tears. "Are you hurt?"

More tears fell from Harper's violet eyes. "I'm fine. I just need someone to go check on my husband and my dog. Emmie said Wroth is with him. Wroth! He can't handle Shane if he's even half as upset as I am right now."

Marissa's eyes widened. "Wroth is with him?" She bit her lip, something she was doing a lot of lately. It was both annoying and adorable. I wished she would stop doing it. Her lip was going to have permanent teeth impressions if she didn't. "Someone needs to go over there with them. Does anyone know where the vet is?"

I pulled out my phone and started texting. Within a minute I knew the address of the vet. I scribbled the address onto the corner of the top sheet of paper on my clipboard and tore it off. "Linc, help Marissa get a taxi," I told him, knowing that Marissa wanted to go so that she could help Wroth. From the looks on all the other Demons' faces, they wanted to go too, but knew that they would be better off staying with Harper. It was what Shane would have wanted, for them to protect the most precious thing in his life.

Harper stopped Marissa before she made it to the door. "Tell Shane I love him. Make sure he's okay. He..." A sob escaped her and she rubbed her hands over her face before continuing. "I just want him to be okay."

I followed Linc and Marissa out but while they went off to grab a taxi I went back to Shane's bus. The cops were already there and Peterson, the tall mean-looking bodyguard who had promised to protect Harper with his life, was talking to some guy in a suit. Emmie stood between the two men, listening intently. When I reached them Emmie took my hand and held onto it tightly, the only outward sign that she was having an emotional breakdown behind those big green eyes of hers.

Sometimes it was hard to remember that Emmie was just as human as anyone else. She was so efficient, so solid and dependable when everything was going to hell around her. When things got crazy she was in the zone. But that didn't mean she wasn't torn to shreds like everyone else. I knew just from the way she held onto my hand that she was not just pissed off but upset.

She'd dedicated her life to doing everything she could to help the Demons. She loved them all. They'd been her family when she'd needed someone the most. They had raised her, treasured her, and made them one of their own. When this lunatic had hurt Shane and Harper by destroying their bus and possibly even killing their beloved dog, they had hurt Emmie just as badly.

I took in everything the deputy chief had to say. From the evidence in the bloody message, it looked like the psycho was also a smart psycho. They had been wearing gloves because there were no fingerprints. The cops were going to check all video cameras that were around the venue but tens of thousands of people had been in attendance tonight. Two detectives were already questioning the roadies, but the likelihood of finding out who was responsible for tonight's destruction was going to be slim to none.

Emmie wasn't happy with that news, but she understood. Or so she said. Once the deputy chief left, with Peterson with him, Emmie's grip on my hand tightened. "Okay, here is what we're going to do. When Seller gets here we are going to put a security camera at the door of every bus so that we can see who comes and goes. I'm getting us headsets so that we can communicate better during shows. I want me and you to be in contact with every member of Seller's security team at all times before, during, and after each and every concert."

I nodded, scribbling down notes as she continued to outline what she wanted done.

When Emmie's phone rang several minutes later she made a soft sound and blinked rapidly as she put the cell to her ear. "Shane?" She listened for a moment, her green eyes brighter than I'd seen them in a long time. Her face scrunched up for a second in emotion before she clenched her jaw. "Okay...Yes...Okay. Stay close to Wroth. I don't know if this idiot is just after her or the both of you...I love you." When she lowered her hand she swiped her free hand over her eyes.

"Is everything-?" I broke off, not sure how to ask the question. I knew everything wasn't okay. My brother and his wife had been through sheer hell tonight. We all had in one shape or form.

"Ranger is going to make it. Nothing vital was hit. Shane's upset still, but he's better now that he knows Harper is safe and the dog is going to live." Her shoulders slumped for a moment. "I think he's going to quit, Nat. Not that I could blame him after this. I'm about ready to quit myself."

I nodded, knowing exactly where she and my brother were coming from. This life was full of all kinds of ups, but just as many downs. Developing stalkers and other crazies that wanted to hurt you or someone you loved was just part of the many downs of any celebrity's life. Shane had had to put up with more than his fair share of demented chicks making threats to Harper from the day his engagement to her hit social media. Now, however, it wasn't just threats. It was real. Someone had hurt a member of Shane's family. Ranger was just as much a child to him and Harper as Mia and Jagger were to Emmie. That same person had intended to hurt Harper just as bad.

It was a long time before I made it back to OtherWorld's bus. By the time I climbed on board the bus, the living room was just as crowded as Drake's had been. All I wanted was a shower and to fall into bed, maybe even grab a bite to eat if that wasn't asking too much. I hadn't eaten since my small bowl of cereal before we'd reached the venue earlier that day.

Everyone raised their heads when I stepped onto the bus. They had probably been waiting for me to come back to find out exactly what had gone on. I knew that the cops had told everyone they needed to get to their own buses and stay there, but because of the media that was already circling like vultures no one had been telling anyone anything.

My gaze skimmed over everyone until it landed on the only person I needed to see. Devlin was sitting in the recliner, his face tense as he watched me. When those aquamarine eyes met mine, I felt myself start to crumble. It had been a long night, and I'd kept all the fear and tears at bay while I rushed to get everything that needed my immediate attention done.

Now, with nothing left to do for the night but sleep and the man I wanted to simply hold me and tell me everything was going to be okay just feet away, I felt the tears fill my burning eyes. My throat tightened with all the pent-up emotion I'd held inside for hours now. Devlin stood and crossed to me, his strong arms going around me instantly. I bowed my head and leaned my forehead against his hard chest as the first tear spilled onto my cheek.

His arms tightened around me and I felt his lips brush over my ear. "It's going to be okay, Nat."

I could only nod, not sure if I believed him or not, but comforted by his words nonetheless.

Devlin

The silky smooth leg over both of mine shifting woke me, but I didn't open my eyes. Or maybe it was the instant ache in my cock that the shifting leg caused that woke me. Groaning, I moved my head until my lips found the top of Natalie's head. She sighed my name and cuddled closer, still asleep.

As hard as I was right then, I wanted nothing more than to kiss her awake and sink deep into her pussy. I didn't, though. Natalie needed as much sleep as she could get these days. She'd been working her ass off even more ever since some idiot had destroyed her brother's bus three weeks ago.

The media was making a field day out of the stories on the attack, and bringing up shit from Shane's past that had nothing to do with his relationship with Harper. The paps were trying their hardest to tear those two apart, but if anything it was only making their relationship stronger.

Most everyone who was on our tour had started to relax a little more now that the shock had worn off from the attack. I knew that both Emmie and Natalie were still on edge over the whole thing, though. Natalie was exhausted with all the shit she had to deal with every day on top of all the other things she was responsible for. I wanted to talk to Emmie about it, make her get Natalie some extra help.

Those two could probably conquer the world alone with just their clipboards and cellphones, but they still needed more help. Especially Natalie. The stress of it all was giving her more and more headaches. She was pale and there were dark circles under her beautiful blue-gray eyes. And it wasn't just because I woke her up throughout the night to sink into that tight pussy of hers.

On the small shelf above the bed, Natalie's phone vibrated twice and I rushed to grab it before it woke her. Blinking the last of the sleep from my eyes, I saw that it was a text but it didn't make sense to me at first so I rubbed my eyes with the heel of my hand and looked at it again. There wasn't a name with the text, just a five digit number.

Reminder: You have an appointment with Dr. Rashid @ 1:45 on July 13th. Reply 1 to confirm or 2 to reschedule.

My entire body turned hot and then cold. Was she sick? Were the almost constant headaches she was having worse than she'd made me think? My stomach began to turn at just the thought that there could be something seriously wrong with Natalie. If she was sick, if it was something that could take her from me, I didn't know if I would survive that.

Natalie stretched beside me. I looked down at her, memorizing every inch of her elfin face. She smiled softly. "Is Emmie already handing out commands?"

"It's not from Emmie." She lifted a brow, silently asking me who it was. "It's one of those automated reminders for a doctor's appointment with Dr. Rashid next month. That's our Phoenix stop, right?"

Her brow lowered and she cuddled closer against me. "Yeah. Hit one for me. It's for Lana and Dallas."

My body relaxed. So it was an obstetrician appointment for the two pregnant chicks. I breathed a sigh of relief that it wasn't some neurologist or something for Natalie because of her headaches, although it probably wouldn't hurt to get her to see a doctor about them. I would have to bring it up later, and if she didn't want to go then I would talk to Emmie about it and make her go.

I typed the reply and hit send before replacing the phone on the shelf above my head and then tucked her head under my chin and closed my eyes. I felt more than heard the sigh that left Natalie's lips. "I regret getting you that damn Acqua Di Gio now. Why do you wear it to bed?"

I grinned. "Because I know you can't resist it." Without even realizing it, my hand started rubbing up and down her back, then settled on her hip and started rubbing little circles. It must have felt good because goose bumps rose on her arms. I was glad she liked it, because it was soothing to me to touch her like that.

If I'd thought I had it bad for this chick before, it was nothing to how bad I had it now. Sure, I'd known that I loved Natalie last spring. Once I'd let myself get involved with her it hadn't taken long before I was feeling more than just consuming lust for her. Maybe it was because I'd spent so many months wanting her back, or maybe it was because this time I didn't have that fucking bet hanging over my head, but I had fallen even deeper and harder for her.

There had been days, over the last two weeks, when I thought I was going to go insane with the need to simply see her when she was so busy. It was crazy, especially when I knew that I would get to crawl into bed with her at the end of the day, but that didn't make it any easier. I felt like a teenager with his first taste of love, and that if I didn't have her beside me every hour of every day then I was going to slowly implode. And when I was with her, I needed her beside me, needed to be touching her, even if it was just to brush my fingers over the back of her hand.

I was thankful that her brothers were distracted with other things at the moment. Natalie still didn't want to tell them that we were together, and I understood her reasons. Drake and Shane were just as protective of Natalie and Jenna as they had been and still were over Emmie. My friends might not be my friends for long if they knew that I was making love to their little sister every night. Part of me did want to tell them, though. I didn't want to hide our relationship like it was something that we should be ashamed of.

For the moment I was going to play it by Natalie's rules if that would make her less stressed.

I brushed a kiss over the top of her head, and then trailed more kisses down the side of her face before continuing down her neck. Her breath hitched as I paused to lick at the pulse beating erratically at the base of her throat. All thoughts of letting her sleep vanished completely from my head when her soft hands skimmed over my back. Seconds later her nails sliced into my skin, making me groan in pained-filled delight. Fuck, I loved when she did that, and she probably didn't even realize she was doing it. She was lost in the moment and couldn't help herself.

"Dev." She moaned my name, making my cock twitch in excitement.

With my knee, I spread her thighs wide and plunged into her without bothering to tease either of us. There was no need. She was already dripping wet, making my path slick with liquid heat. We both had to stifle our shouts of pleasure from that first thrust.

Natalie's hands moved from my back to my neck, her fingers tangling in my long hair. A few strands fell forward, tickling across her tits as I pushed into her again. The sight of my dark hair contrasting with her alabaster skin only heightened my pleasure and I bent my head to lick the valley between her tits.

When she started making those damn little mewling sounds, I knew that she was close. Moments later I felt her walls tighten around my cock, trying to force my own release. I gritted my teeth and slowed my pace, not wanting it to be over yet. I rolled onto my back, pulling free of her. She made a protesting sound in the back of her throat until I entered her again from behind.

Her head fell back against my chest, one of her arms reaching behind her until her nails were biting into my ass. "Touch your clit, baby," I murmured against her ear. "Touch yourself for me."

I could tell my command turned her on even more. Her pussy contracted around my shaft even before her free hand moved between her legs. I dropped my head and bit into her shoulder as she shifted her hips, taking me deeper. Fuck, she felt so damn good.

"Dev," she moaned again, her hand moving faster as I felt her tighten around my shaft again.

"Already, baby?" I thrust faster, harder, wanting to go with her this time. "Damn, you feel amazing."

"Dev!" she cried out, her back arching to the point that I was only half inside her now.

"Nat," I moaned. My balls tightened, the base of my spine tingling. I knew that I was seconds away from spilling into her. "Fuck." I closed my eyes and held onto her waist tighter as I let my orgasm wash through me. I held my breath as the first contraction hit. I swallowed my own cry of sheer pleasure, making my throat ache just as badly as my cock did in that moment to release the scream that was building.

Long minutes later my breathing finally evened out and my heart was slowly calming down. Natalie scooted her ass back against me, drowsily cuddling closer. I pressed my lips against her ear and whispered the words that had been trying to break free during my release.

"I love you, Nat."

She didn't respond, which surprised me. I'd figured she would have said something even if it was to call bullshit. Lifting my head, I realized that she had fallen back to sleep again. With a muttered curse I shook my head at my timing.

It figured that the first time I actually got the nerve to confess my true feelings for this chick that she would fall asleep on me before she heard me.

Natalie

The bus was empty today, something I was thankful for as I put together a sandwich in the kitchenette on the OtherWorld bus. I was tired and still had a little headache going despite the Tylenol that I'd taken an hour before. The damn things just wouldn't go away and I was getting tired of them.

Cutting a tomato, I ate three slices before even putting one on my sandwich. I hadn't had time for breakfast that morning and I was starving. Once my sandwich was done I grabbed a bag of baked chips and a one of the huge bottles of Voss that the fridge was stocked with before walking into the living room and turning on the flat screen.

I was glad to have a few hours to myself. Most of my bus mates were off exploring the city we were stopped in for the next two days. Harris had asked his dad to go with him and the Thorntons' sightseeing. It had melted my heart when he'd asked if I would come along too, but my head had been about to split open in pain at the time and I'd had to decline. Both Cutter males had looked disappointed and I'd felt it too, but I hadn't wanted to ruin the day for them with my misery.

I was just stuffing the last of my sandwich into my mouth when I heard the bus's door open. Frowning, I turned my head to see Marissa. She gave me a small smile as she dropped down onto the couch beside me. "Feeling better?"

I shrugged. "Better than I was." I took a long swallow of my water, studying my friend a little closer.

In the last three weeks, ever since the tour had started, Marissa had changed. She still had moments when she looked sad and lost, but those were few and far between. She was spending a lot more time with Wroth, sharing a roost with him. And yeah, giving Devlin and me a run for our money when it came to who could be the loudest during sex. I was glad that Marissa looked happier. That girl should never have to cry again.

"Has anyone else come back?" Marissa asked, taking a chip from my bag when I offered it.

"You're the first. Did you and Liam have fun?" Liam had asked her to have lunch with him as soon as she had gotten up that morning. I thought it was sweet of him to make time for her during his crazy schedule. That man loved his sister more than anyone else in the world so it didn't surprise me.

Instead of nibbling on her chip, Marissa bit into her bottom lip. I wanted to yell at her to stop it, just as Liam had taken to doing lately since she was doing it so often, but yelling at Marissa seemed like yelling at a sweet little puppy and I just couldn't. "What's wrong, Rissa?" When she bit her lip like that I knew that something was on her mind.

She sighed and turned to face me on the couch. "I wanted to talk to you about the bet we made."

I blinked. I hadn't really thought about the bet. I wasn't even sure if I wanted to follow through on it. From the look on Marissa's face, she didn't want to do it either. "What about it?"

"I quit," she said and seemed relieved to have actually spoken the words. Her shoulders sagged a little. "I regret making the bet with you and if you want, I'll still take over your job while you go on vacation."

I shrugged, attempting to act like I didn't care either way. I didn't want to admit that I was relieved that she was quitting. If she quit then I didn't have to go through with the bet either. I didn't want to walk away from Devlin again at the end of the summer. I didn't want to do a lot of things... "Okay, if that's what you want to do."

Marissa smiled. "So, are you still going to proceed with it?"

I shrugged, still trying to play it cool. I didn't want to admit that I was in deeper than I'd ever been with Devlin before. He was different now and I thought it was because this time around he didn't have that damn bet holding him back from what he was feeling for me. It was hard to accept when I'd hated him for what he'd done for so long, but I was starting to think that Devlin really had cared for me last spring. "Maybe," I told her, returning her smile. "I haven't decided yet."

For the rest of the afternoon she and I vegged out on the couch watching whatever movie happened to be on the satellite. Thankfully they were rom-coms because I didn't think my head could have handled noisy action-packed thrillers.

Around dinnertime the bus started filling up again. It was the night that all the girls went to one of the buses and had a girls' night in while the guys went out to a club or just hung out playing a video game. I wasn't in the mood to go hang out, but I went and changed out of my sweatshirt and yoga pants into a pair of running shorts and one of Devlin's T-shirts. It wasn't much better than what I'd had on before, but it was hot as hell outside and I didn't want to get heatstroke from my comfy sweatshirt.

When I came back from the bathroom, the living room was full of rockers. Apparently they were staying in tonight as well, so I pulled out my cell and asked them what they wanted on their pizzas. Might as well get them sorted before I took off to Harper's refurbished bus for the evening to watch who knew what. If she and Lana had her way it was going to be something terrifying and that made me want to leave my own bus even less.

"How many do you want?" I asked the room.

"Better order at least fourteen," Zander said as he leaned against the counter in the kitchenette beside me. "Some wings, breadsticks, and something sweet for dessert." He lifted a beer to his lips and took a drink before grinning at me. "That's just for me. Get those fuckers what they want."

I lifted my head from my Papa John's app and grinned back at him. Since his apology I'd softened toward the dipshit. We weren't as close as we had been before, but it was definitely better than it had been over the last year. "I hope your stomach explodes."

"Why?" He cocked one brow, smirking down at me. "You'll probably be the one that has to clean that up."

I sighed. "Yeah, you're probably right. Don't explode, dude."

"I'll try my best, babe." He tipped his bottle of beer back and took a long swallow before tossing the now empty container in the trash. There were only a few beers left in the fridge, but I figured that someone would send a few of the roadies out for more. I dreaded the mess that I was most likely to come back to at the end of the night.

I started ordering the pizzas along with everything else. "If you want something particular on your pizza tell me now. I'm not doing this twice tonight."

Six different voices started calling out toppings at rapid fire and I squeezed the bridge of my nose twice in pain before I'd even made it to the check-out page on my app. The door to the bus opened and three more rockers stepped into the living room followed by a mini rocker. My gaze skipped over Shane and Jesse, paused for a moment to take in the sight of how delicious Devlin looked in a sweat-stained T-shirt then quickly moved to Harris. "How about a cheese pizza for you and Lucy?"

"Depends. Are you going to make me eat salad again?" I nodded and his face twisted in disgust. "Can't I just eat a few celery sticks that come with the wings?"

"Celery doesn't count as a legitimate vegetable when you smother it in buffalo sauce and an entire cup of ranch dressing," I informed him as I glanced down at my phone again. "Do you want the pizza or not?"

"Yeah, sure." He blew out a long breath, making it seem like I was making him get his teeth filled without getting properly numbed-up first. I didn't bother to hide my grin as I added the cheese pizza to the monstrous order.

"I want one of those cookie things," Shane told me as he leaned over my shoulder to snoop at what I was doing. "And extra of those peppers that they always include in the box."

"Can I have a cookie too?" Harris asked, stepping up beside me so he could look over my other shoulder. "If I have to eat salad I want cookies for dessert."

I sighed. "I'll get one for you to share with Lucy." When the smell of sweat and dirt filled my nose, I pushed Harris away. "Go shower."

He stuck his tongue out at me. "I came here to shower. Between Jesse, Layla, the twins and Lucy, there wasn't any hot water left on the bus."

Jesse took the last two bottles of beer from the fridge and turned to glare at Harris. "Don't blame me, boy. I was in there maybe two minutes. It's Lu that runs it all out."

"Someone call Pock and make him go get more beer," Devlin grumbled when Jesse handed the second bottle of beer over to Shane. "I'm not putting up with all you fuckers tonight without a little buzz going on."

Marissa, who'd been taking a shower, came into the living room dressed in a pair of jeans and a tank top on. Someone let out a loud wolf whistle and I turned my head to see who had done it. When I realized it was Rhett, I breathed a little easier, knowing that if it had been anyone else they would have been torn in two. Thankfully Wroth was cool with Rhett now that he knew that the guy was gay.

"I'm ready to go when you are," Marissa assured me as she moved to the fridge and took out a bottle of water.

"Just let me send this and then call them to assure them it isn't some prank order." It happened every time I ordered pizza, not that I could blame them. If I had to make four hundred dollars' worth of food and it turned out to be some kid pulling a stupid prank, I would be pissed too.

She nodded then turned to look at everyone sitting around the living room. "Rules." She said it firmly, like a teacher about to leave her students to their own devices while she left the room for a few minutes. "Unless this is your bus, you do not go into the sleeping area. The bathroom is to be respected. If I come back to this bus and there is urine all over the floor I will make you take turns scrubbing it. We have a trashcan and plenty of trash bags. Use them. When the can gets full, take the trash out and replace the bag."

The members of Trance and Alchemy who were there nodded their heads and each said, "Yes, ma'am," respectfully. I snickered as I hit send on the app and then called the store. Once I'd sorted everything out and made sure that the delivery driver knew which bus to deliver to, I glanced at Jesse. Out of everyone, I trusted him to be the most responsible.

"Scribble my name on the credit card slip when the food gets here, and make sure he gets a good tip," I told him.

Jesse nodded his bald head. "Of course."

I gave him a smile in thanks before turning to Harris who was still standing in the kitchenette. "Shower."

He rolled his aquamarine eyes at me. "Okay, Mom."

I punched him in the arm. "Are you and Lucy going to hang out?" Jenna was planning on having a girls' night in with us, and Lucy was invited when the movies were appropriate. Tonight, I was pretty sure it wouldn't be. Which meant that Lucy either had to hang out with Felicity and the smaller kids, or with Harris.

"We'll probably watch a movie on the bus or play a few video games," he assured me.

"In the living room, not the bedroom." Jesse was quick to make that clear.

"Yes, sir." Harris nodded his head courteously. It was no secret that Jesse scared the shit out of the sixteen-year-old. "In the living room, with the lights on."

I hid my smirk and pushed Harris toward the hall. I followed him through the sleeping area and into the bathroom where I pulled a towel from the linen closet along with a washcloth. "Just leave your clothes in your dad's laundry basket and put on a pair of his sweats." They would only be a little baggy on him, since he was still shorter and leaner than his dad, though not by much.

Harris nodded. "Okay... Wish you'd gone with us today, Nat." He sighed and shook his head, making me notice that he was in need of a trim. Harris didn't keep his hair long like his dad did. He didn't like for it to get too long. I made a mental note to set him up an appointment to get it cut.

"Me too, buddy. Next time, no matter if I have a headache or not, I'll tag along. Okay?"

He nodded and reached for the hem of his T-shirt. I gave him a small smile and left him to it. When I closed the door to the bathroom, I wasn't surprised to find Devlin leaning against our roost. I'd been hoping that he would come back here so that I could kiss him before I left for the evening.

"I wish you'd been with us too," Devlin told me, letting me know that he'd been in there long enough to hear his son. He opened his arms and I stepped forward so that they could wrap around me. His lips pressed against my forehead and I had to close them tight to keep the sudden sting of tears away. "How's the head?"

"It's good," I lied. I was actually in need of more Tylenol, but I didn't want to worry him any more than he already was. Devlin had already voiced his concerns with my constant headaches and I'd promised him I would see a doctor for them as soon as I could.

"When will you be back?" he asked, his lips trailing from my forehead down my nose and skimming softly over my lips.

"Late." I leaned up on tiptoes and pressed a deeper kiss to his lips before reluctantly stepping back. "Don't let the others wreck the bus."

He grimaced and nodded. "If your head starts hurting again, text me. We can go out. I'll take you to a hotel and you can sleep peacefully tonight."

I grinned up at the sexy drummer. "Yeah, sleep." He'd been deep inside of me within seconds of getting me behind a closed door. Not that I would be complaining.

He lifted a hand and touched the dark circles under my eyes. "Sleeping is all I want you to do, Nat. When this tour is over I'm taking you on vacation. Somewhere that doesn't have cell service or Wi-Fi or people." He leaned down and kissed my eyes closed, as if he were trying to kiss away my tiredness. I swallowed hard to get the sudden lump in my throat to go down. "Better go now, baby." He kissed the tip of my nose and stepped back. "Have fun."

"Y-you too," I breathed, reaching for the still-warped door with a trembling hand.

Devlin

I ran a tired hand over my face, wishing I were back at the bus in bed. A week had gone by since our last guys' night, and normally I would have been happy to be sitting in some bar drinking with the majority of my friends and the rockers who were slowly becoming friends.

We needed nights like this to just kick back and unwind. Tour was stressful no matter who you were or how long you'd been doing it. Taking a night off and just hanging out prevented burnout, something that we'd all come to understand over the years.

Tonight, however, I'd have much rather been back at the bus, cuddled up to Natalie. We didn't have to make love or talk, simply hold onto each other and let the stress of the last week go. Maybe I'd even grow a pair and tell her I loved her when she was awake this time.

"So, when are you going to tell me what really happened between you and Z?" Shane asked. He was sitting beside me at the tables we'd pulled together earlier. It was just him and me because everyone else who had come out with us tonight were in the back playing pool. Axton and Wroth were playing pool with Rhett and Linc while the others pretended to play pool, but mostly soaked up the female attention that they were getting.

My gaze went to Zander who had his hands around some chick wearing a skirt that barely covered her ass and a top that was so sheer you could see her bra underneath. There was a time when a girl dressed like that, who giggled and flirted and batted her fake eyelashes up at me, would have done something for me. Now she just made me grimace as I realized what shitty taste I'd once had.

Zander whispered something in the chick's ear, making her giggle again. I rolled my eyes, but a small grin tried to lift my lips. I doubted that Zander and I would ever be as tight as we once had been, but now that I had Natalie back and she seemed to have gotten over that fucking bet, my hate for him was starting to simmer down.

"Dev?" Shane snapped his fingers in front of my face and I remembered that he'd asked a question.

I blew out a frustrated sigh. I couldn't tell my friend what had caused the fight that had completely destroyed my friendship with a man who had once been like a brother to me, even if I'd wanted to. Natalie would kick me in the balls if I confessed that I'd busted Z's ribs because he'd spilled the beans about a juvenile bet we'd made over bagging Shane's sister.

But I had to tell him something or he wasn't going to give up. I shrugged and lifted my beer to my lips, needing an extra minute to figure out what to say to him. Might as well go with part of the truth, just no names. "Z and I wanted the same chick..." Shane made a face and I shrugged again. "The chick was into me and I was really into her, but Z wanted her too. When I got her, he wasn't happy. Started running his mouth. So I shut him up... But I lost the girl."

"Because of a fight?" Shane obviously knew that there was more to the story.

"No." I took another long swallow of the beer and dropped the empty bottle on the table. "Z and I made some stupid-ass bet about who could get the girl into bed first. When he started running his mouth, he told her about it. She thought I was just playing a game and I couldn't convince her that I cared. So she walked away and I didn't deal with that well."

Shane's blue-gray eyes narrowed, but he just nodded and lifted his beer. After studying it a moment, he nodded again and took a long swallow. "Yeah. I can see why she walked."

Axton dropped down into the chair across from us, his phone in his hand and I knew he was talking to one of two people: Emmie or Dallas. One was his best friend, the other was his other half. I doubted an hour went by that he didn't have some kind of contact with those two chicks. After a few more seconds of typing, he put his phone on the table and picked up an unopened bottle of beer. "What are you two fuckers doing?"

"I'm about ready to head out," I told him. "You coming?"

"Dallas is still with the girls, so no. I don't want to go back to the bus yet. Might go get something to eat. Take my girl something salty to snack on."

I nodded. Dallas was having cravings already and they mostly consisted of things that were salty. Potato chips, pretzels, pork... None of it stood a chance when she was around.

Since the girls were having their night in on my bus, I knew I probably shouldn't go back yet, but I just didn't give a fuck. I wanted my girl in my arms, and I wanted it now. So I said goodnight to them and went out to grab a cab back to the buses. It took fifteen minutes to get there and I gritted my teeth the entire time against the ache in my chest. Damn, it was getting worse. What I felt for Natalie was getting to the point that I didn't want to be away from her at all.

Once I paid the driver, I headed toward my bus. From Drake's bus I could hear him talking and laughing with Nik and Jesse, but didn't stop to see what they were doing. Three buses down, I knocked on the door to warn them I was coming in and stepped onto the bus.

Dallas, Harper, and Marissa were dancing to some shitty song that was playing along with the movie that they were still watching. Lana and Jenna were sitting on the couch but I didn't really see any of them other than to skim across them in my search for Natalie. When I saw her sitting in the recliner, her sweatshirt on and her feet tucked under her, my chest seemed to tighten and I couldn't keep away.

It took a handful of steps to reach her. Those blue-gray eyes were glued to mine and her mouth was slightly gaped open as she watched me walk toward her. She didn't make a sound when I bent and lifted her into my arms. Behind us, I left a room full of stunned women.

"That was ballsy," I heard Jenna grumble but didn't pay her any attention as I carried my girl into the sleeping area and shut the door behind us.

When I placed her on our bed, she scooted over and I climbed in beside her. When she lifted her head for a kiss, I gently brushed my lips across hers before pulling her closer. I hadn't rushed back to fuck her, have sex with her, or even to make love to her. All I wanted was to hold her.

She cuddled against me, her head on my shoulder and her hand over my heart. The smell of her sweet shampoo filled my nose and I inhaled deeply. This. This was what I'd been aching for all evening as I'd sat in a bar drinking beer with the guys. This was my new favorite thing to do. I would never get tired or bored of it.

It was then that I realized that I wanted to marry this girl. Up until right at that moment, marriage had been something I'd been against. Marriage was like a prison sentence; you couldn't go do what you wanted when you wanted... Or so I'd thought. But now I realized that when you cared about someone this much, needed them this much, all you wanted was to be with them.

Marriage wasn't a prison sentence. It was the Happy Ever After that I wanted to give my girl. That I wanted to give myself...

"You're awfully quiet," Natalie murmured after a few minutes of silence between us. "Everything go okay with the guys?"

I kissed the top of her head. "Yeah. It was fun, but I missed you," I told her honestly. "All I could think about was coming back and doing this."

She pulled back until she could see my face. "Oh yeah?" A small smile teased at her lips and I lowered my head to kiss them. Unable to resist tasting her, I skimmed my tongue over her soft bottom lip. When she moaned, I slowly lifted my head.

My body was one big ache for her, but I didn't want to make love to her right then and ruin the peace that had settled over me right then. "Can we just hold each other?" I lifted a hand and traced my thumb over her cheek.

Her lashes lowered in pleasure, a soft sigh escaping her. "Yeah," she breathed. "That sounds perfect to me."

Natalie

I didn't know how Emmie did what she does. Between kids, work, and handling everything down to the smallest detail would have driven any normal woman batshit crazy long before now.

I had to admit, however, that helping her with Wroth's special surprise for Marissa was fun. And seeing the look on Marissa's face when Wroth asked her to marry him brought tears to my eyes. The wedding that followed was beautiful and I sat between Linc and Zander as the bride was kissed breathlessly.

From across the aisle, sitting with Harris and Jenna, Devlin shot me a steamy look and I bit my lip to keep my moan of anticipation from escaping. I knew that look and knew that he would be tearing my clothes off me as soon as we were closed off in our roost tonight. That look had my panties dripping and thinking of how soon we could leave the party that Emmie was throwing back in the parking lot where our buses were.

Maybe we could sneak off and have a quickie on the bus during the party. I hoped so, because I didn't think I could handle going much longer without the feel of him inside of me.

When I felt an elbow nudge my arm, I was forced to pull my attention away from Devlin and look up at Zander. "What?" I whispered.

"Shane is watching you and Dev eye-fuck each other." Zander nodded his head toward where my brother was sitting with Harper and Jenna.

I glanced over and saw him staring hard from me to Devlin and then back again. I could actually see the wheels turning in my brother's head. When he caught my eye on him, he lifted a brow and I forced a smile for him. His jaw clenched and he turned around without returning my smile.

"Fuck," I whispered.

Zander draped an arm around my shoulders. "I have a feeling that your bro is going to be kicking someone's ass before the end of the night."

"Yeah," I sighed. "But maybe he won't tell Drake." I could hope at least.

When Wroth finally let Marissa up for air, we all followed the newlyweds out to the parking lot, throwing confetti at them as they got into the back of the limo. I stayed far away from my brother and Devlin, hoping that Zander had been wrong and that as long as I avoided both of them, Shane would just let it go.

When everyone was climbing into the vans that had brought us out to the warehouse, I climbed into the back with Linc and Rhett since that van only had one seat left. I watched from the side window as Devlin shot a glare in my direction before climbing into the van across from mine. Damn, I hadn't wanted him to get mad. Just wanted to protect him from Shane's wrath for a little longer. From the third van I saw Shane glancing around and when his eyes landed on Devlin, I knew that Zander had called it right.

From the front of the bus Zander was watching exactly what I was watching. When he blew out a long, worried breath I met his gaze and gave him a grim smile. We both knew that by the end of the night someone was going to be bloody, and most likely it was going to be him and Devlin.

The ride back to the buses took over an hour. It was too much time to have to worry about what Shane was going to do. I could picture the conversation going on the bus that he'd be pulled into by Harper. Drake and the other Demons were also in the same van along with Jenna and Emmie.

Ten minutes into the ride, I got a text from Jenna saying that the shit had officially hit the fan. Another text quickly followed from Emmie who said that all the Demons were now pissed. I leaned forward and beat my forehead against the seat in front of me.

"Going to start up another headache," Linc warned.

"Already got one," I told him, but I sat back and looked at Zander. "So, what would you like written on your tombstone?"

He laughed-actually laughed-and it made a small smile lift my lips. Leave it to Zander to find his impending death hilarious. "I think 'Here Lies Stupid' would be appropriate." He pointed to the bus behind us, the one that had Devlin on board with his son and a few members of Trance and Alchemy. "But his should probably read, 'Here lies Stupider'."

"That's original," Rhett muttered, hiding his grin.

"You should probably warn the poor dude," Linc said, but I already had Devlin's name pulled up on my messages.

Me: Shane knows about us.

Less than a second later he sent a reply. About time. Maybe now u won't run and hide from me with fucking Z. Or did you WANT to go with him?

I blinked down at my phone for several seconds before the message finally made sense. Did he really think that I'd picked this van because of Zander? Was he jealous and that was why he'd been shooting me the death glare before we'd left the warehouse?

Clenching my jaw because his jealousy was ridiculous and pissed me off, I swiped my thumb over his name and called him. He let it ring four times before picking up. Was he really being this childish?

"What?" he snapped.

"Don't act like that, Dev. You have no reason to be jealous." I tried to be reasonable, tried to keep my voice calm so that he would realize that being jealous of Zander was about as stupid as him being jealous of my brothers or even his son. Zander was simply a friend.

"You let him put his hands on you during the ceremony, Nat. You avoid me and then as soon as we leave you jump into the same vehicle with him. What the fuck do you want me to think when you do something like that?" he demanded.

I lifted my free hand and pinched the bridge of my nose, fighting a headache on top of everything else that the universe seemed to be throwing at me today. "I want you to think that I wouldn't avoid you unless I was trying to protect your dumb ass. I didn't even realize Z was riding in this van until I'd already been on it. So chill the fuck out!" I yelled the last two words and hung up the phone before I started screaming. That wouldn't accomplish anything but make my headache worse.

I turned my phone off and put it in my back pocket then leaned my head back against the seat and closed my eyes. I just needed a little time to calm down without everyone blowing up my phone with text messages about something that I couldn't even deal with until the vans stopped.

The van drove on and I tried to calm my breathing, hoping that would help with my headache. It didn't. I was pretty sure that I could actually feel my pulse in my eyelids when I heard someone's phone start chiming. When Zander snorted, I lifted my eyes open to look at him. "What now?"

"Dev says he's sorry." Zander lifted his amused eyes from his phone, but there was a seriousness in their depths as well. "The dude is a mess, Nat. Turn your phone back on and talk to the poor bastard."

"He can stay sorry until we get back. I don't want to talk to anyone right now."

Linc suddenly grabbed my wrist, his fingers moving over my pulse. "Natalie, your heart is racing. Your face is flushed and not just because you're pissed off. Your blood pressure is probably off the walls. No wonder your head is hurting."

"I'll be okay in a little while. Just leave me alone." I closed my eyes again and did some yoga breathing. By the time the van pulled to a stop in the parking lot just outside the venue where the guys would perform the next day, my heart rate had calmed down considerably and I couldn't feel my pulse beating behind my eyes anymore.

That all changed the moment the door to the van opened and Drake jerked Zander out of the vehicle by his shirt. Damn. Zander landed on his feet, but from the force of Drake's shove he staggered back several steps. I rushed to get out, putting myself between my oldest brother and my friend.

"You fucking bastard," Drake roared, trying to move around me to get to Zander. "My sister is not some fucking toy that you can play with. You and Devlin think it was funny to make a bet about who could nail her?" His face twisted in disgust. "What the fuck, man?"

"Drake..." Lana tried to grab his hand but he stepped away before she could touch him. Zander walked backwards away from him, but Drake followed. I had no choice but to follow Zander or Drake would have already been throwing punches.

The last van pulled to a stop behind the one I'd just jumped out of. I turned to watch Shane open the door, but Devlin was at the back of the bus. "Let's go, motherfucker."

I watched as Devlin climbed out of the van, looking almost calm as he straightened to his full height and faced his friend. I was torn between wanting to save Zander and needing to save the man I loved.

"It's okay, Nat." Zander touched both my shoulders, stopping his retreat from Drake. "Go on and deal with Dev." He blew out a resigned breath. "I should have had the guts to face your brothers before now."

I didn't have time to give Zander a pat on the back for finally taking responsibility for his stupid actions. Shane was already yelling at Devlin and Devlin wasn't backing down.

"My sister was the chick from the bet you told me about, wasn't she?" Shane demanded.

"Yes," Devlin answered through gritted teeth. "But-"

He didn't get the chance to say anything else before Shane was punching him in the face. Devlin stumbled back a step, but otherwise didn't move. I rushed forward to try and get between them but strong arms wrapped around me from behind before I could reach them.

"Jesse." I kicked my legs out behind me, trying to get free. I knew it was him simply from the ink on the arms around me. "Let me go. Shane is going to hurt him."

"It's nothing he doesn't deserve, Nat," Nik assured me while standing beside the bald drummer. "Looks like Dev understands that, too. He's taking it like a man."

Tears filled my eyes when Shane punched Devlin again. Still Devlin didn't back away. When the third hit connected with his mouth, I couldn't hold back my cry and struggled against Jesse's hold even more. "Stop it!" I screamed. "Shane, please."

"He treated you like shit, Nat," Jesse grumbled. "Why would you want him to stop?"

I kicked my legs harder and connected with Jesse's shins, but he still held onto me. I'd barely fazed him. "Because I love him!" I cried.

All around me everyone seemed to stop at my confession. The crowd of rockers, roadies, and wives didn't say a word as they watched the drama that we had created. I heard someone grunt from somewhere behind me, followed by the distinct sound of Drake cursing. Shane and stared at me with a glare on his face, but my eyes were on the man behind my brother.

Devlin stood statue-still, blood beading on his lips, his eyes wide in surprise. "You..." He swallowed hard and cleared his throat before trying again. "Y-you love me?"

Jesse's hold on me relaxed enough and I pushed free of it. I pushed Nik out of my way, then shoved Shane back before finally turning to face Devlin. "Of course I love you, you idiot." I lifted a trembling hand to skim my fingers over his bleeding lip. "Why did you just let him hit you like that?" I demanded.

He caught hold of my hand and pressed his lips to the center of my palm. "Because I deserved it. Letting your brother hit me was the least I could take for hurting you the way I did."

"That's all sweet and shit, but I'm not done with you, Cutter," Shane bit out. I turned to face my brother, finally getting to put my body between Devlin and the murderous rage still burning in my brother's eyes.

Drake had Zander by the shirt again and stopped beside Shane before pushing Zander toward me. I caught his arm to steady him, not wanting him to fall. The blood coming from his nose and the way his eye was swelling told me that Drake had gotten in a few good hits. "So you love that one." Drake nodded his head at Devlin. "But what about this one? Do you forgive him?"

"Yeah, of course I do." I patted Zander on the arm but Devlin made a growling sound and pulled my hand away. I rolled my eyes at him before turning back to the angry Stevenson men standing like angels of death in front of us. "Look, this was exactly what I didn't want. For you two to get pissed off and start throwing your fists around. That's why I asked Emmie not to say anything..." I broke off when my brothers' eyes widened and they turned their glare on Emmie.

Emmie grimaced, but didn't back down under the force of their matching glares.

"You knew all about this, didn't you?" Drake demanded.

"How could you not tell us, Em?" Shane sounded hurt.

Emmie stepped forward, putting herself between me and the two big, beautiful Demons that were my brothers. "Because when you accepted Natalie and Jenna back into your lives, I accepted them both as part of our family. I'm sorry I didn't tell you, but when she asked me to keep her confidence I didn't hesitate. I love her just as much as anyone else in our family. If either of you had asked me to keep something like that from her, I would have. I can't pick and choose whom I'm going to be loyal to. It was hard not telling you, but I'd do it again if I she asked me to."

Her answer didn't do anything to soften the hardness of Shane and Drake's faces but it made me feel loved. I knew that Emmie cared about me, but I'd always thought that she'd kept the bet a secret because I worked for her and didn't want Drake and Shane to do anything stupid any more than I had. Not because she considered me family. That she loved me that much, to chance having two of the men who had basically dedicated their lives to watching over her pissed off at her, warmed me more than I could possibly ever tell her. When they didn't say anything, just stood there glaring at her, she let out a pained sigh and moved out of the way. It wasn't often that any of the Demons were upset with Emmie.

Harper pushed through the crowd that had surrounded us so that she could reach Shane. Without hesitating she put her hand on his arm. That one touch seemed to calm my brother more than anything else ever could. He looked down at her, his rage fading as those blue-gray eyes identical to my own filled with love. "You got to do your brotherly duty. You punched him, and he let you. That takes guts. She says she loves him, and from the way he's looking at her like some love-struck fool, the feeling is mutual."

I gasped at her description of the way Devlin was looking at me and turned to see if it was true. His eyes were bright, his lips tilted upward in a smile even though they were bleeding. Was that the look of a man in love? Glancing back at Shane and seeing the same look on his face, I realized that, yeah, it definitely was.

Swallowing hard, I tried not to look at Devlin again. I couldn't yet. Realizing that the man I loved also loved me back was something that I wanted to process alone. Not here in front of everyone I had to deal with on a daily basis for another two months.

Harper cupped Shane's jaw in her hand and gave him a soft smile. "Let it go, baby. Your job is done."

Shane blew out a long sigh, kissed his wife hungrily for a moment and then turned to glare at Devlin over my head. "You'd better be good to my sister, fucker."

Beside Drake, Lana wrapped her arms around his waist as much as she could with her baby bump. She didn't say anything, but nudged him with her elbow. He brushed a kiss over her brow, pulling her as close as she could possible get. His glare wasn't nearly as harsh as Shane's was. "If you hurt her again I will destroy you." He turned the glare on Zander. "Both of you."

Zander raised his hands. "Lesson learned, dude. Lesson learned."

I felt Devlin's fingers stroking over my short hair, but still couldn't look at him. Soon, I promised my pounding heart. Soon I would look at him and deal with the fullness that had invaded my heart with the knowledge that he loved me. When Devlin spoke, his voice was rough and raspy. "I can't promise not to make her cry again, but I can swear on my soul to never hurt her."

Shane and Drake absorbed their answers for a moment and then the rest of their anger seemed to evaporate before my eyes. Shane stuck his hand out first, and soon so did Drake. That it was my brothers making the first move warmed my heart further. They loved me, unconditionally, and were willing to put their own anger aside to make me happy. Zander shook Drake's hand first, then Shane's. Devlin lowered his hand from my hair to my waist and stepped forward to shake their hands.

I breathed a sigh of relief that it was all over and that no one had been left broken, even if there had been some bloodshed. I would gladly thank all of Emmie's gods that no one needed medical attention.

Around us everyone was losing interest since the fight was over and the Stevenson brothers were once again calm. The show was officially over when Lana whispered something close to Drake's ear and his eyes darkened. He nodded his head at the two men standing beside me then lifted his wife into his arms as if she weighed nothing at all. Shane bent his head to kiss Harper again before giving me a long look that told me loud and clear how much he loved me, and then walked off toward his bus.

Zander's shoulders sagged in relief as he watched Nik and Jesse give smirks before turning away. "Damn, my face hurts." He touched his nose, then his eye. "Three punches and he hurt me almost as bad as you did in ten minutes, Dev."

Devlin touched his free hand to his lips, grimacing in pain when he touched the swelling corner. "Yeah, I was pretty glad when Shane stopped." He met Zander's gaze and I thought I could actually see the lingering anger those two men had for each other fade just as quickly as Drake's and Shane's anger had just minutes ago. Zander was the one who offered his hand this time.

Devlin didn't hesitate to shake it. "Friends?"

I watched the muscles in Zander's throat work as he swallowed hard. "Yeah, man. Friends."

Devlin pulled his hand back. "No more touching my girl, dude. I don't want to have to kill you."

Zander's gaze met mine for a moment. I smiled up at him and his face softened. "No, dude. No touching. But I won't say no to hugs." He opened his arms and I didn't hesitate to step into them.

Zander's hug was like balm on the bruises he'd inflicted on my heart. Our friendship might never be as close as it once had been, but I wanted to try and get it as close as possible. He might be a clown, always trying to make a joke out of life to hide his own demons and issues, but that was one of the things that I loved about him.

The hug didn't last more than ten seconds before I felt Devlin's hand on my arm, tugging me back. Zander snickered, but let me go. "Okay. I get it. Hugs are going to be a rare thing."

"Damn straight." Devlin pulled me into his own arms and I wrapped my arms around his waist, inhaling the hint of Acqua Di Gio that he must have put on that morning.

I closed my eyes and buried my face in his chest. My heart and brain were now screaming at me to get to the issue at hand. They needed him to confirm what I'd seen in his eyes. But not yet. As soon as we were alone, I'd start demanding the words. For now, for this moment, I was content with his arms around me holding on as if he never planned on letting go.

"So..." The sound of a new voice had me lifting my head to find Harris standing just a few feet away. He thrust his hands into his pockets and looked from me to his dad, his eyes full of concern. "Does this mean you and Nat aren't breaking up again?"

"No, kid." Devlin grinned. "I'm not letting Nat go this time. She's stuck with me... And you too, I guess."

Harris's face split with a grin almost identical to his father's. I sighed, realizing that I really was stuck with them both. The thought was one that melted my heart. "Good. I mean, she's a ball buster when it comes to making sure I'm eating right, but I still love her."

Laughing, I rolled my eyes at him. "I love you too, buddy."

Zander slung an arm around Harris's shoulders. "I smell food. Let's go grab something to eat. I think your dad and Natalie need a few to themselves."

"As long as he isn't going to do something stupid that will make her kick his ass to the curb, I don't care what they do." Harris shot his dad a meaningful look, letting him know that he wasn't going to be happy if that happened. Devlin grunted and Harris must have taken that as a good enough answer because he walked off with Zander.

Z was right, there was the scent of food in the air. The food that Emmie had had catered must have already arrived. The sound of music beginning to play meant that the DJ had set up. Everyone had drifted off, ready to get the promised party started. Devlin and I were now standing alone in the fading daylight of the parking lot.

Finally I lifted my eyes to meet his gaze. My breath caught in my lungs when I saw that his eyes were still shining down at me with love. For so long I'd thought that I would never see that look in his eyes, that I was nothing more than a distraction for him. Maybe one he'd become addicted to at the most because he hadn't simply moved on after that bet. Now that I knew differently, it put a new spin on how I viewed our past...

"Say it," Devlin suddenly commanded. "Say it again."

I blinked, so stuck in my own musings and guilt over the past, that I didn't immediately understand what he was asking me for. "Say what?"

"That you love me." His eyes darkened and his face twisted in pain. "Unless you don't and you just said that so that your brother wouldn't rearrange my face."

"No, dummy. I didn't say it just so Shane wouldn't hit you again," I rushed to assure him. "I wouldn't ever say something like that unless I really meant it." Love was too big a word, held too much power. I would never speak it unless it was something that I felt without a shadow of a doubt.

"Then tell me." His voice was so coarse and gruff that it came out a plea.

I unwrapped my arms from around his waist and lifted my hands to cup his face. Gently, I traced my thumb over his swollen mouth. "I love you, Dev."

His eyes closed as if he were trying to block everything else in the world out and burn my words into his soul. I felt tears burning my throat, my nose, and eyes. We never should have spent over a year apart. That damn bet had hurt me, but it was the thought that he didn't love me, that he didn't care even a little about me that had kept us apart for so long. Now, as he opened those startling eyes at me and I saw that I'd been an idiot to even think he didn't love me, I wanted to curl up into a ball and cry for all the wasted time away from him.

"I love you too, Nat. More than I can ever tell you, ever hope to show you. Baby, I'm so sorry for that fucking bet. I-"

"Stop," I pleaded as the first tear escaped my eye. "I'm sorry, too. I've done things that I can never take back just like you have. I don't want to remember them. Okay? Let's just move forward."

"What do you have to be sorry for?" he demanded, a frown wrinkling his brow. "I'm the one that was stupid and..." His face twisted in pain and I knew that he was remembering the day after the charity event. The things that I'd thrown at him, the way I'd taunted him the day after when he'd texted me to make sure that I was okay. "I don't care that you took that damn morning-after pill, Nat."

I opened my mouth, but whatever I might have said was left trapped in my throat when he went on. "We were both stupid that night and neither one of us was ready to face the idea of having a baby at the time. If anything, I might have even been a little relieved that you corrected our possible mistake. I'm not ready for more kids right now. Maybe one day, when we're both sure, we can talk about the possibility of kids. For now, I just want to focus on you and me."

My mouth shut with a snap and I lowered my eyes so that he couldn't see what I was thinking. I didn't know what to say or how to respond to any of that when my heart felt like it was suddenly being torn in two. Here I was, with Devlin telling me he loved me, something that I never thought I'd ever hear. It was a bittersweet moment, but at the same time, I was suddenly feeling even more guilt.

I should have known that it was all too good to last. Life was never that easy. No one was ever suddenly handed everything they ever wanted and lived happily ever after. The universe just didn't work that way. Especially not for me...

"Nat?" Devlin caught hold of my hands as I took a step back without even realizing I was pulling away from him. "Your hands are freezing." Of course they were. How could they be warm when I felt as if there was no blood left in my body? There was a wound in my heart that was emptying my body of every last drop and I had no one to blame but myself. "What's wrong? Talk to me, baby."

That one word hit me square in the chest with the force of a wrecking ball. "I need to tell you something." It came out a whisper and I was surprised that it had even been that loud. Surprised that any sound had left my throat at all it was so tight with the lump that was now choking me.

"Okay. So tell me." He gave me a small smile, but his eyes were full of worry. "Whatever it is we can deal with it, and then we can go back to the bus. Screw this party. I just want to be with you."

I opened my mouth, only to close it. I had to swallow hard several times before the lump loosened even a little. "I..." Fuck, this was hard. How had I been so stupid? What had possessed me to..?

"Nat?"

I closed my eyes as another tear spilled free. "I didn't... I couldn't..." Shit, I wasn't even making sense. Taking a deep breath, I just blurted it all out. "I-I didn't take the pill. I couldn't. The idea of even putting it in my mouth and swallowing it, of possibly hurting something that we created together, had me throwing up. So I flushed it." I had to swallow again as a sob tried to break free. "I bought the Plan B pill on my way home that day, but I didn't take it." The sob escaped and I pulled my hands free from his suddenly slackened hold to cover my mouth.

"But we've been having sex without protection for weeks now." He stepped back, his eyes almost accusing. "You said that it was safe. That you went to the doctor..."

I closed my eyes to block out that look, wanting to vomit. Had that look been on his face when Tawny told him that Harris was his son and not Liam's? In that moment, I could picture that it had been.

"I-I d-did go to the doctor..." I stuttered through the clarification as I fought another sob. I should have told him sooner, should have told him when he'd texted me the next day that I hadn't been able to take that fucking pill. Maybe we could have cleared up everything long before now. Maybe then he wouldn't now be looking down at me like I'd committed the worst possible crime. "W-wh-when I m-missed my period." His face visibly paled and I wanted to run away from him.

"You're pregnant?" he asked in a hoarse whisper.

If he'd yelled the question at me it might have hurt less. The look on his face, the betrayal in his eyes as he looked down at my waist, gutted me. "When were you going to tell me?"

Devlin

How was it possible to go from so jealous I couldn't see straight, to feeling like I'd been given everything I'd always wanted when Natalie said that she loved me...to this? All within ninety minutes? I felt like a yo-yo being twisted and turned by some magician.

I couldn't believe that Natalie had lied about taking the morning-after pill. Although, to be fair, she'd never really said that she had taken it. Just that she had bought it. Of course that had made me think that she would automatically take it. Why would she have told me repeatedly that she'd bought it if she hadn't used it?

Clenching my jaw, I turned away from the sight of her as she struggled to get the words out, to tell me if she had even planned to tell me I was going to be a father again. It hurt to look at her. I couldn't help but compare what was going on between us right now to the day that Harris had been born and Tawny had had no choice but to name me Harris's father instead of Liam.

I'd been blindsided that day, too. I'd figured that after my drunken mistake with Tawny that I wouldn't have to confess that I'd betrayed my best friend by sleeping with his girl. It had been a mistake, one that I never planned on repeating. When Liam had made the announcement that Tawny was pregnant, I still hadn't thought that the baby could be mine. I remembered putting on protection. I was safe. The baby wasn't mine.

And then Harris had been born and there was no way that anyone could ever make the mistake of who had fathered that baby. He'd looked just like me, from a head of dark hair to the tone of his skin. I'd been helpless and kind of hopeless as I'd watched Liam's love and trust in me fade from his eyes as he'd looked from me to that little baby wrapped in a blue blanket.

"I-" Natalie broke off and I turned to face her again. "I was waiting to see Dr. Rashid on the thirteenth." My eyes narrowed, remembering that text message from the doctor's office. She's said it was for Lana and Dallas. Obviously she had forgotten to say that it was for her as well.

"Were you trying to punish me for that fucking bet? Is that why you didn't tell me?"

"No!" She shook her head, tears pouring down that elfin face that I loved so much. But I was so pissed, so fucking hurt, that her tears didn't gut me like they might have if I'd been thinking clearly. "If I'd wanted to punish you for the bet, I would have followed through with the one I'd made with Marissa. Not telling you about being pregnant had nothing to do with your bet with Zander."

It took a moment for my anger-fogged mind to realize what she'd just said. "You made a bet with Marissa?" What the fuck? Natalie and sweet little Marissa had made a bet? "What kind of bet, Natalie?"

She winced. "I wasn't going to go through with it."

"What kind of fucking bet?" I demanded. I didn't know why the thought of her making a bet with Marissa bothered me so badly. Hadn't I done the same thing? Maybe it was because I already sensed that the bet those two chicks had made was going to hurt more than anything else ever had...

Natalie bit her lip and looked anywhere but at me. "Marissa was hurting over what she'd thought Wroth had done, and I was still mad and hurt over your bet with Z. So Marissa made me a bet..." She broke off and I glared down at her, silently telling her to continue. "She bet me that I couldn't make you love me and then walk away at the end of the summer... Before she did the same with Wroth."

If words could inflict physical wounds, I would have been a dead man right then. She had planned on making me love her and then walking away without a backwards glance? I took a stumbling step back, unable to believe that she would have agreed to hurt me like that.

"You..." I shook my head. "You hated me that much?"

"At the time I hated everything and everyone." She rubbed a hand over her tear-soaked face, smearing her eye makeup. "But it only took a few days before I realized that I didn't want to follow through with the bet. I barely even thought about it. By the time Marissa backed out, I had almost completely forgotten about the damn thing. I was happy." She stopped, swallowed hard and then continued. "It felt like we had gotten a fresh start and I wanted to see where we could go before I brought up my pregnancy."

It was all too much to take in all at once. I felt overwhelmed with confusion at all she'd just thrown at me. I was torn between being pissed off at her for keeping the pregnancy from me and how the knowledge that I was going to be a dad again felt. I was hurt that she had made a bet to give me everything I'd ever wanted and then walk away. That she hadn't been going to follow through with it didn't matter at the moment. I was confused and unable to sort through how I really felt about it all.

Hadn't my bet the year before proven that nothing good could come from making stupid, spur of the moment bets?

"Dev, I'm sorry." She took a step closer; her hands rose as if she was going to touch me.

I took a step back, putting some distance between us. The pain that twisted her beautiful elfin face was another stab to my gut, but I couldn't help it. If she touched me I would have yet another emotion to dig through to get to the bottom of how I really felt. My need for her would burn through everything else until I was exhausted and still deep inside of her. I needed to sort out everything else before I touched her or I let her touch me again.

Natalie's chin trembled and she sank her teeth into her bottom lip to steady it. "D-do you want me to have an ab..." A sob tried to escape her but she swallowed it down. "A-abortion?"

If I'd thought everything she had said up until that point had hurt, it was nothing to the pain that exploded in my chest at that one question. Get rid of our baby? No, no. No! I couldn't even stand the idea of her not having my baby. All the confusion I'd felt up to that point about her being pregnant vanished.

With that one question-that one fucking word-my brain cleared of all the fog I'd felt up to that point. It didn't matter that she hadn't told me about the baby until now. It didn't matter that she and Marissa had made some stupid bet. All that did matter was that this woman loved me as much as I loved her.

And she was going to have my baby.

Another tear spilled from her eyes and I fell to my knees, unable to keep myself on my feet when I saw just how deep the pain in those tear-flooded eyes went. With a sob of my own, I reached out and wrapped my hands around her waist, pulling her close so I could bury my face in her still flat stomach.

Her entire body was trembling and I held on tighter, scared that she might fall. "Please don't cry," I whispered.

"I'm so s-s-sorry." She sobbed so hard I knew she had to be destroying all her vital organs. It was fucking destroying me.

"Stop." I pressed a kiss against the center of her abdomen through her shirt. "I'm sorry too. I love you, Natalie. Don't cry, baby. I'm sorry." I kissed her stomach again. "It's okay. Everything is okay. I'm not mad. I love you."

"I'm no better than she is." I flinched, having one of my earlier thoughts tossed back into my face like that made me see that this situation in no way compared to what had happened with Tawny over sixteen years ago. I hadn't loved Tawny, hadn't even liked that bitch. But I loved Natalie and I definitely wanted the baby that was now growing inside of her. "I should have told you... Or taken that damn pill after all."

"Don't say that," I begged, tightening my hold around her. "You aren't anything like Tawny. Nothing. Do you hear me, Nat? She was just looking for a free ride through life when she did what she did. And I'm glad you didn't take that fucking pill."

Natalie made a disbelieving sound in the back of her throat and I grimaced. "Okay, so at first I wasn't glad. But it just hit me wrong when you first said that you were pregnant." Her lips trembled again and I wished I could hit rewind and completely redo the last ten minutes. "I was terrified, Nat. I'm still terrified."

"O-of what?" she whispered brokenly.

"I'm scared of messing up. You and me, us? We're still new at this whole relationship thing. I screwed up royally last time, baby. I love you. And I love the little rocker that is in here." I kissed her stomach again, this time lingering as I imagined pressing a kiss to our child's forehead. "I don't want to fuck things up for us or it again."

Shaking fingers combed through my hair, holding my face against her. "I'm scared, too. I love you, Devlin. So much it freaks me out sometimes. I don't want to mess us up. I-I don't want to live without you ever again."

"Good, so you'll marry me and we can learn to not fuck us up along the way." I nodded. "Sounds like a good plan to me." I felt her go completely still and raised my eyes to meet her gaze. Her blue-gray eyes were wide, her mouth gaping open. When I saw more tears spill from her eyes, I groaned. "You're not supposed to cry anymore. I'm trying to fix this."

"You want to marry me?" She breathed dazedly. "But you don't want to get married. You used to say all the time that you didn't believe in marriage."

"I've been thinking about marrying you for a few weeks now," I confessed. "I used to think that marriage was a trap, that it took away your freedom and tied you down. But I see now that it isn't like that. At least marrying you would never be like that for me. I love you, Nat. I want to spend the rest of my life with you... Will you marry me?"

The tears seemed to be coming faster now. I bit back a curse. I should have waited, done this better. I'm sure that if I'd asked Emmie she could have come up with an awesome way to ask Natalie to marry me. She'd pulled off a fucking miracle for Wroth with that fucking Wizard of Oz theme for Marissa. I didn't even have a ring for Natalie yet. Girls like that kind of shit. Right?

"Yes," Natalie whispered so softly that I nearly missed it.

"Yes?" I echoed. "Did you say yes?"

She nodded her head. A small, broken laugh escaped her and her face lit up with the brightest smile I'd ever seen on a crying chick. "Y-yes. I love you so damn much. Of course I want to marry you, Dev."

A mixture of relief and elation washed through me. I felt happy tears burn my own eyes and I buried my face into her stomach again before she could see them. She's said yes. Thank fuck.

"I'm not going to be like Wroth and say let's get married today. But... soon, okay?" I stood so that I could kiss her. "Okay?" I repeated, lifting my lips.

"As soon as this tour is over, we can get married," she promised. Her hands dived into my hair and pulled my head back down for another kiss.

After only a few seconds, I knew that kisses weren't going to be enough. I pulled back, grabbed her hand and headed toward our bus. "You need to get us our own bus, baby," I told her as I pulled her past a few of the roadies who were drinking beer and eating plates piled high with amazing-smelling food. If I hadn't been so hungry for her, I might have stopped to grab a plate for the two of us. But I needed to be inside of her. Now.

The rollercoaster of emotions she'd taken me on today-fuck, in the last two hours-had left my body pulsing with a need that I'd only ever felt with her. Now that I had her promise to marry me, knew that she loved me, a bomb going off wouldn't have stopped me from making love to her right at that moment.

"Okay," she said and laughed behind me as she practically ran to keep up with my large steps. "Whatever you want."

Our bus was just a few yards away when I heard someone calling out Natalie's name. I didn't stop as I glanced around to see who wanted her attention. When I saw Harris and Lucy hurrying toward us, I nearly groaned. No way could I go into that bus and start making Natalie scream with ecstasy with those two right outside. I was going to kill that boy later, but for the moment I stopped to see what he wanted.

When he reached us, my son's eyes went straight to Natalie's face. When he saw the tear stains on her cheeks, he turned an accusing glare on me. "I thought you two had everything worked out?"

"We did," I bit out, trying to calm the need burning through my body and not punch my kid in the face for stopping me from celebrating with Natalie the only way I really wanted to celebrate: with her screaming my name as I pounded into her tight little pussy.

Natalie pulled her hand from mine and grinned at my son. "Your dad just asked me to marry him," she told Harris and I was thankful that she had omitted anything else that had just happened between us. I really didn't want to announce to the world yet that I had knocked my future wife up. Especially not when her brothers were so close by and could start swinging fists if they didn't like the idea of me impregnating their little sister.

"Really?" Harris demanded in a voice that hadn't been so high since he'd hit puberty. He hugged Natalie hard before hugging me. Fresh tears burned my eyes. Damn, the kid hadn't hugged me in years. Not like this. If I'd known that asking Natalie would have made him this happy I would have done it long before now.

I met Natalie's gaze over the top of Harris's head. She grinned up at me happily. My heart clenched at the sight of her so happy. Damn, I loved that chick.

"Congrats Dad," he said in a voice raspy with emotion. "I'm happy for you and Nat." He pounded me on the back twice before stepping back. "I was hoping that you two would get married."

Yeah, I could see that in his overly bright eyes.

Lucy hugged Natalie. "That's great. I'm so happy for you guys."

"Who's happy for who?" I heard a deep voice ask and groaned when I saw Jesse walking over with Layla's hand in his own. Fuck, now I knew we weren't going anywhere near our bed anytime soon.

"Nat and Mr. Cutter are getting married, Daddy." Lucy beamed up at her father.

Jesse's crazy changing eyes widened for a moment before he was sticking his free hand out. "Congrats, man."

Layla kissed Natalie's cheek. "Congrats, Devlin," she said once she'd pulled back and stood on tiptoe to kiss my cheek.

Within the blink of an eye, everyone was surrounding us again. Drake and Shane came over, followed by Nik and Emmie. The Demons all shook my hand and then my bandmates were pounding me on the back in congratulations. Before I knew it, we were being pulled into the party.

We didn't get to celebrate the way I really wanted until several agonizing hours later...

Natalie

The morning of July thirteenth I woke up a bundle of nerves. It was going to be a good day, I promised myself. No matter what happened, it was going to be a good day. I was going to make Phoenix, Arizona my bitch. That thought had a small smile tilting at my lips.

Devlin groaned in his sleep and rolled over. One long arm reached out, searching for me. When his hand found my breast, he groaned again and pulled me against him, his face buried in my neck without even opening his eyes, his nose nuzzling against my ear. "Morning, baby."

I snuggled closer. "Morning."

"Feeling okay?" he asked, his hand massaging my breast. My nipple beaded instantly, my panties growing wet even as I felt his cock hardening against my thigh. "Headache back?"

"Nope. I haven't had too many for a few days now." Not since I'd told him that I was pregnant, actually. Linc told me he thought it was because my blood pressure wasn't through the roof now. I figured he was right.

After talking to my mother the day after Devlin had asked me to marry him, I'd subtly asked her if she'd had blood pressure issues when she was pregnant. Her answer had only confirmed Linc's suspicions. She's had high blood pressure throughout both her pregnancies, had even had to be put on bed rest with Jenna because of it.

Finding that out only made my need to see Dr. Rashid today even more urgent.

The fact that we hadn't told my brothers or anyone else for that matter that I was pregnant, however, made me not want to get out of bed. Linc only knew about my condition because the man was my best friend and too fucking observant. I wouldn't have told him before telling Devlin, but Linc had noticed the changes in me and followed me to the doctor when I'd gone in after missing my period. He'd been waiting for me in the waiting room when I'd come out with a prescription for prenatal vitamins.

I'd broken down and told Jenna about the baby, but I'd done it knowing that my sister would take the secret to her grave. My sister and I had the kind of relationship that if I called her and told her I'd killed someone, she would come up with an air-tight alibi for me even as she was searching for the best place to bury the body. It was the same for me. Having someone who would always have your back like my sister and I had each other's, was something that everyone should have.

When I went into the doctor's office with Lana and Dallas later today there would be no hiding my condition from Drake or anyone else any longer. I didn't know how my brothers were going to react to me being pregnant, but since they'd been so accepting of Devlin asking me to marry him, I hoped they wouldn't be too unpleasant to deal with.

"Good," Devlin murmured. His lips skimmed up my neck and across my cheek until he reached my lips. When he kissed me, it was one of his slow, tender kisses that left me more breathless than if he'd been kissing me hard and deep. He knew that I could never withstand those kinds of kisses.

After only a few minutes of that kiss I was on the verge of begging him to make love to me. Devlin lifted his head with a drugged look in his eyes. "Should we take Harris with us today?" he asked, and I saw the uncertainty on his face.

He wanted to include Harris in such a big event but didn't know if I wanted to. I cupped the side of his face in my hand. "Yeah. I think that would be great,." I told him, letting him know by that simple little answer that when I thought of our future I would always include his son. Harris was a part of Devlin. If I didn't already love that kid, I would have loved him for that fact alone.

Devlin's face relaxed and he brushed another soft kiss over my lips. "Wonder how he's going to take our news."

I bit my lip, wondering that same thing. We hadn't told anyone yet, not even Harris. I didn't know how my future stepson was going to react to the news of becoming a brother. There was going to be a huge age gap between him and any child we had. Would he accept his sibling?

At the sound of people moving around, Devlin kissed me again, this one quick and hard, before reaching for the curtain of our roost. He slipped from our bed, pulling a shirt over his head as he headed toward the bathroom. "Get up, baby. You need to eat."

I wasn't hungry, but knew that he was right. Sighing, I reached for my robe hanging from the little hook on the outside of the roost and pulled it on as I walked down the hall to the kitchenette. Zander, Liam, and Linc were sitting at the table drinking coffee when I walked in.

"Morning," Zander greeted. He stood and offered me a cup of coffee but I shook my head, pulling out a bottle of water instead.

"Want me to fix you something?" Linc asked as he stood and opened the refrigerator door. "I can make you an omelet or some French toast."

I reached around him for the milk. "I think I'm going to stick with cereal this morning, but thanks all the same Momma Linc." I smirked up at him.

Linc caught hold of a few locks of my short hair and tugged it affectionately. "If you weren't such a bitch I might actually love you, Natalie Stevenson."

I pouted out my bottom lip. "You're breaking my heart, Linc."

He rolled his green eyes at me before kissing the top of my head and stepping away from me. "Anyone else want anything to eat?" he asked, taking out the carton of eggs and some vegetables.

"Me." Liam was the first to speak up.

"I'm good, dude." Zander wasn't much of a breakfast person. If Linc had been offering to fix spaghetti, chicken, or steak he would have been all over that. Eggs... not so much.

I poured a bowl of cereal that was full bran flakes mixed with granola and raisins. I was just adding the milk when Devlin came into the kitchenette. He saw what I was having for breakfast and made a face. "Really? That's all you're gonna eat?"

"I'm not very hungry," I told him as I returned the milk to the fridge. "Linc's making omelets though, if you want one."

"I have some smoked sausage that I can add to it," Linc informed him enticingly.

I couldn't help but giggle at the look that filled Devlin's face. Smoked sausage must have been the equivalent of a blowjob when it came to food. Devlin rubbed his hands together. "Dude, I'll take two."

Linc smirked. "Of course you will. You like eating my sausage."

Liam and Zander nearly burst a gut from laughing so hard. I watched with glee as Devlin's face turned beet red for the first time since I'd met him. "Walked right into that one, didn't I?" he muttered.

"It's okay, babe. I won't get jealous if you eat Linc's sausage." I winked up at him as I took a bite of my cereal. "I'll even help you eat it."

"Ah fuck," he grumbled and walked back toward the sleeping area. "I'm going to kill someone by the end of the day."

The four of us were still laughing our asses off when the door to the sleeping area slammed shut.

When the van arrived to take us to Dr. Rashid's office, I was still smiling.

Devlin had eaten his omelet, but he'd been blushing and muttering curses under his breath the entire time. It had been a fun morning and I was happy that we could have times like this with our friends.

Axton and Dallas climbed into the van first. They were leaving Cannon on their bus with Kenzie watching over him. Drake and Lana, however, put Neveah's car-seat in the middle row between them. They didn't leave their daughter often. One of them was almost always with her.

Once they were all settled, I climbed in and took a place in the back, scooting over so that Devlin could climb in with me. Harris was left with the front passenger seat. He put his Beats on and frowned out the window as the driver pulled into traffic. I didn't know what Devlin had told him to get him to come with us, but I doubted he'd already explained what was going to happen when we got to the doctor.

The ride took less than fifteen minutes and when we entered the doctor's plush office, I went straight to the receptionist to sign us all in. Since I'd had Lana and Dallas fill out the paperwork in advance and emailed it to the doctor's staff, there was no reason for us to have to wait more than necessary.

The waiting room was empty so we all sat together. Neveah ran straight to the little play area that was set up for toddlers and I watched with an indulgent smile as my beautiful little niece brought me toy after toy after toy. She jabbered in her sweet little voice and I nodded like I understood everything she was saying.

When the door beside the receptionist's desk opened, I turned my head, expecting a nurse to be standing there to call us back. The beast of a man standing there instead caused me to blink a few times because I could have sworn the guy looked familiar. He could have easily been as tall as Devlin. His hair was short, and there were muscles everywhere. Everywhere. All of that with some freaky cool-gray eyes mixed together to make a combination of hot and scary.

He barely glanced at the rest of us before he turned to hold the door open for the chick behind him.

Mister tall, hot, and scary smiled down at the chick and she gave him a beaming smile in return. My mouth dropped open at the sight of just how beautiful she was. Damn. I wasn't one to appreciate another girl's beauty but this chick was drop-dead gorgeous, with long strawberry and gold hair, and a creamy complexion that was without makeup yet completely perfect. She was thin, with just a few curves. She reminded me of a dancer with the way she moved so effortlessly.

"Kieran?"

I turned my gaze from the couple at the sound of Dallas's voice then glanced back at the man. His head had snapped around when Dallas had called his name. His face scrunched up as if he were trying to place the blonde who was now out of her chair and heading for him. "Dallas?" His face split into a grin. "Well hell, I wasn't expecting to see you again."

Dallas wrapped her arms around the beast named Kieran's neck and he swung her around twice before placing her on her feet. "What are you doing here?" she demanded at the same time he did, making them both laugh.

"I live here now," Kieran informed her as he placed her on her feet and stepped back to grasp the hand of the girl beside him. "What are you doing here? The last time I asked your dad about you he said you were in New York and were a nurse."

Axton was up and next to his wife now, his hand moving to her waist to stake claim. I rolled my eyes at his possessiveness. It was more than obvious that he hadn't needed to stake any claim. Kieran the Beast was so in love with the chick beside him that he was oblivious to anyone else.

Dallas glanced at her husband then back to Kieran. Kieran did a double take when he got a closer look at the rocker now standing in front of him. "Well fuck." He laughed, holding out his hand. "Axton Cage, right? We actually have tickets to tonight's show."

After a small hesitation, Axton shook the man's hand. "Yeah, dude. Wait... Stone? You're the MMA superstar."

That was when the reason the beast had seemed so familiar clicked. Of course he had. I'd seen his MMA fights on both television and live with Linc. The man was the undefeated heavyweight champ. Did he know that Dallas knew one of his idols? Probably. He had known Dallas a long time so he probably knew Kieran as well.

"So what brings you to this doctor?" Dallas asked, her blue gaze going to the beauty beside her friend. "Are you two...?"

The girl shook her head, a small smile tilting her lips. "No. Not this time. I just had to come in for a checkup. Our daughter is with my grandfather this evening."

Dallas's eyes widened. "Kieran Stone has a daughter?" She grinned. "Is he as overbearing as I suspect he is?"

"Worse." The chick giggled. "Let's just say that he's already preparing for her teens."

Kieran made a grunting noise. "I've put on ten more pounds of muscle since I found out we were having a girl. There are too many dicks to worry about when Melanie looks so much like you, Reese." He pulled her close and kissed her lips before turning back to Dallas. "This is Reese, by the way. Baby, this is Dallas Bradshaw. Her dad owns that huge ranch across from my parents'."

"Austin's your dad?" Reese's smile brightened. "I really enjoyed meeting him." The smile dimmed. "It was about the only thing I enjoyed about our visit to Oklahoma to see his parents."

"It's actually Dallas Cage now," Dallas corrected them. "And yeah, my daddy is a pretty great guy."

While the four of them stood there talking, I turned back to the two men I was sitting between. Drake had Lana tucked into his side to my left. They were whispering something back and forth, grinning from time to time, and I knew it was something naughty. Dallas and Kieran's commotion earlier hadn't even made them lift their heads. I rolled my eyes at them in their own little love-filled world and turned my gaze to the man on my right.

Devlin was flipping through a Pregnancy Fitness magazine. He seemed oblivious to the scary MMA fighter just a few yards away from him. On the other side of him, Harris still had his Beats on his ears while he typed away on his phone. He looked bored and I couldn't help wondering how he was going to react when the nurse called my name.

As if I'd conjured her with my musings, the door opened again and a small woman in Hello Kitty scrubs stood there with an iPad in her hand. "Cage?"

"Guess that's you two. Congrats on the new baby and your son." Kieran hugged Dallas then offered his hand to Axton. "We'll see you guys later tonight, then."

"Bring your daughter," Dallas told them. "We have special headphones for Cannon so the music doesn't hurt his ears. I have a few extra pair so she will be set."

Reese smiled but shook her head. "I would love to, but she's spending the night with my grandfather and his new wife tonight. He says it's so that Kieran and I can have a night to ourselves, but I know it's because he wants to have her to himself without anyone trying to hog her."

Dallas grinned. "Yeah, I get that. Daddy and Tink are always doing that with Cannon." She waved and then she and Axton followed the nurse back to the exam rooms.

I bit my lip as I watched Kieran and his Reese leave, not so much curious about those two than I was nervous of what was going to happen in the next few minutes. Neveah produced yet another toy for me to gush over before running back to her fun time. I tapped my fingers on the armrest of the seat between me and Devlin, trying to dispel some of the excess energy that was rushing through me from my growing anxiety.

When long fingers threaded through mine, some of my nervousness disappeared. He lifted our linked fingers and kissed the back of my hand without taking his gaze from the magazine in front of him. I sighed and leaned my head against his shoulder.

The door opened again and a different nurse stood in the doorway. She smiled. "Stevenson?"

Without questioning the woman, Lana stood. "That's us, Nev. Let's go see what your sister is up to. Arella has not been too happy with mommy lately, from the way she's been kicking." Neveah rushed to take her mother's offered hand.

The nurse looked at Lana for a moment and then back to the iPad in her hands. "Oh, sorry. Not Mrs. Stevenson. Miss Stevenson."

I let out a small groan, when my brother and sister-in-law turned startled eyes on me. Drake's mouth opened and closed like a fish as I stood. Devlin got to his feet behind me after nudging Harris's arm. I sighed as I passed Drake. "We can talk later, okay?" I told him as I moved toward the nurse.

Lana's face brightened. "Trust me he will want to talk. But I wouldn't worry about it too much, Nat. You're not the only person to ever get knocked up without having a ring on your finger first. Your brother had trouble keeping it in his pants, too."

"Angel..." Drake grumbled.

"Relax, babe. Let the girl go and see the doctor." Lana sat back down and pulled Neveah onto her lap. "Look, Nev. When we see that vein pop out in Daddy's forehead that's when we know to give him lots and lots of kisses. Right?"

"Daddy, kiss!" Neveah nodded and held her hands out for Drake to hold her. "Kiss. Kiss."

I relaxed when Drake's face melted into an adoring grin as he lifted his daughter into his arms and let her kiss every part of his face she could reach. Lana winked at me and I turned back to the nurse and the two men already standing by the door waiting on me.

Devlin held out his hand and I rushed to take it as we followed the nurse down a short hall and straight into an exam room. The nurse glanced from one Cutter male to the other then finally rested on me as she placed her iPad on a table. "How have you been feeling, Miss Stevenson?" she asked as she pulled out a blood pressure cuff.

Before I could even open my mouth, Devlin was answering for me. "She's been having some bad headaches."

She nodded as if I'd been the one to speak. "Any morning sickness?"

"No." Harris surprised me when he answered this time.

I frowned at my future stepson. His face didn't show any sign of surprise that I was the one on an exam table in an obstetrician's office. The sly look in his eyes told me that he must have known for a lot longer than just a few minutes. "Jenna told you!" I accused.

He shook his head and smiled. "No. Jenna didn't say anything. I'm not completely dense about some things."

"When did you realize..?" I murmured as the nurse started squeezing that damn little ball that tightened the blood pressure cuff around my arm. Fuck, why did it have to be so tight?

"I told Lucy about your headaches and she said that her mom got them all the time when she was pregnant with the twins." His eyes widened. "It's not twins, is it?"

"No." I shook my head. "It's not twins."

"How do you know?" he demanded. "It could easily be twins."

"Because when I went in for my first checkup the doctor only heard one heartbeat and then he did an ultrasound and it showed only one embryo," I assured him.

"Do you normally have a BP this high, Miss Stevenson?" the nurse asked as she frowned down at the monitor attached to the cuff on my arm.

"I don't know," I told her honestly.

Devlin caught my free hand and lifted it to his lips when he saw my worried frown. "Is it bad?"

The nurse shook her head. "It's not great, but it's not in the range that we worry about. However, it might be something that the doctor wants to monitor throughout the rest of the pregnancy."

She took a few more vitals, marked them on her iPad and then left us alone with the promise of the doctor seeing us soon. I held onto Devlin's hand like it was a lifeline. "So... How do you feel about being a brother?" I finally asked Harris.

"As long as you don't expect me to change shitty diapers, I'm happy about it." Devlin shot him a glare at his language choice but it quickly turned into a grin when his son smirked at him. "Good work, Dad. Knocking her up to make sure we get to keep her was a great idea."

Devlin snorted. "Yeah, kid. That was the plan all along."

Devlin

When the doctor came into the exam room, I was pins and needles. What if there was something wrong with the baby? What if Natalie's blood pressure issue was something we needed to worry about? What if...?

All my fears were laid to rest as soon as the doctor started his exam. He measured her stomach, which was still flat except for the tiniest of baby bumps trying to peek out. Then he put this little monitor on her stomach and the most amazing sound filled the room.

When Tawny had been pregnant with Harris, I'd never gotten to do this. Never gone to doctors' appointments with her, never heard my son's heartbeat or watched him move around on a screen when the doctor did an ultrasound. I hadn't even known I was going to be a father during that time.

Experiencing all this with Natalie, while my son sat in a chair and witnessed it all too, was probably the best moment in my life up to that point in time. Dr. Rashid asked Natalie a few questions and then advised her to try and keep her stress level down for the next six months. When the tour was over she would need to pick an obstetrician and keep regular appointments with him. While her blood pressure wasn't something he was overly worried about at the moment, it could be an issue later on in the pregnancy.

She nodded and told him she understood, but I was the one that assured him that she would be getting the best care possible. She wasn't going back to fucking New York. Emmie would have to find herself another assistant to deal with her East Coast shit, because Natalie was going to stay in California with Harris and me from now on.

When the doctor was finished, we went back out into the waiting room where Axton and Dallas were already sitting. Lana was supposed to have an ultrasound so she and Drake were going to take a little longer.

Harris went back to listening to music and playing on his phone while I sat with Natalie on my lap beside Axton. My bandmate gave me a grin as he glanced from me to Natalie and back again. "So, it looks like December is a good month to have kids in this family."

I snorted. "Looks like it's a lucky month for us, bro." Since Natalie and Dallas were both due in December, I would say it was pretty fucking lucky.

"What did the doctor say about your iron level, Dallas?" Natalie asked. "Is it something to worry about with the way you've been craving those crazy ass things lately?" Nat had told me Dallas feared it might be a condition known as pica making her crave not only salty foods, but some pretty bizarre things in the last few weeks. Like laundry detergent. Nasty. Of course she hadn't actually ingested it, but she'd been complaining about wanting it. A lot.

"Dr. Rashid said that my hemoglobin level was perfect. He thinks that my cravings are just that-cravings. And the laundry detergent thing was just a part of me that wanted to start nesting." Her eyes narrowed on Natalie. "I should have known that you were pregnant. No wonder you've been acting so weird. How is everything going?"

While the two chicks talked about their pregnancies, I leaned my head back and watched the girl on my lap closer. The worry that had left her forehead tight for the last few hours was gone now that she knew that the baby was okay, and she didn't have to hide her pregnancy any longer.

Now she seemed to glow and I guessed it was what pregnant chicks were supposed to do. I liked it. The glow made her natural beauty shine brighter and I had to admit that it made me hard just to look at her like this. Unable to stop myself, I pulled her head down to kiss her, stopping her midsentence.

Her arms wrapped around my neck without so much as a protest for interrupting her conversation. "I love you," she said with a small sigh before taking control and deepening the kiss, but only for a moment. Then she was pulling away and resting her head on my chest before continuing the conversation she was having with Dallas.

Twenty minutes later, Lana came out with Drake carrying a sleeping Neveah in his arms. If I'd been expecting my future brother-in-law to shoot me a death glare for knocking up his sister, I was completely wrong. He saw me holding Natalie and stopped, taking the two of us in for a long moment before finally grinning and shaking his head.

"Arella has my nose," Lana informed everyone as she waved the pictures in her hand at us. She'd had a 3D ultrasound done and when I finally got to look at the glossy pictures, I had to agree that baby Arella was going to look as much like her mother as Neveah did.

Seeing the ultrasound and then looking at Neveah made me wonder what our baby would look like. Would she look just like Natalie? Or was it a boy and would look like Harris and me? Whose eyes would the baby have? They were going to be blue, there was no getting around that, but would they be mixed with gray like Natalie's or green like mine?

Excitement bubbled inside of me and I couldn't wait to see our baby in December. Couldn't wait to meet him or her and complete our own little family.

Natalie

The star wasn't straight.

I stood in front of our Christmas tree, turning my head left and right to see what way I needed to adjust it so that it would sit perfectly on top of our first family Christmas tree.

"I like it like that," Harris grumbled from his seat on the floor in front of the sectional. He was supposed to be helping me put this tree up so that it would be ready by the time his dad got back. For the most part he'd been a great help, but he was getting bored with it now and was more interested in his phone.

Or more to the point he was interested in if Lucy had texted him back. Normally she was blowing up his phone a hundred times a day, but in the last few weeks she had been avoiding him. I had my suspicions why, but I wasn't about to tell them to my poor unsuspecting stepson.

Now that Lucy was getting older and had officially hit puberty, I'd been noticing that the way she looked at Harris was a hell of a lot different than the way she used to look at him. She was nearly twelve and I could remember the confusion I'd felt at that age about how boys made me feel.

It was killing Harris though. He was so used to having her to talk to at any time of the day that her avoidance was driving him up the wall.

Finally I stepped back onto the small stepladder and twisted the star to the left. It was nice to be off bed rest and I could do more things around the house. The last two months of my pregnancy had in no way been fun since my blood pressure had been off-the-scales high. It had been so bad that at thirty-seven weeks my doctor had induced me because he'd thought it was the safest course of action for both the baby and me. But in the weeks leading up to the baby's birth, I'd been useless around the house.

When I finished, the star was even more crooked than it had been just a moment ago. Muttering a curse, I decided that it wouldn't be a good idea to pick up the whole fucking thing and toss it out our living room window into the Pacific Ocean that acted as our back yard.

"Good thing we don't have to worry about your blood pressure going up anymore," Harris muttered without taking his eyes off his phone.

I stepped off the ladder and shot him a death glare. "You'd better be glad I'm not one of those stepmothers that makes her stepchildren's lives hell. I would send you off to some military boarding school and forget all about you."

"You would miss me at three thirty every morning," he assured me with a smirk, not in the least scared that I might suddenly become that kind of stepmother to him.

Of course he was right about the whole three thirty thing, too. Ever since the baby and I had come home from the hospital, Harris had been helping out even more than I would have ever expected him to. When his little sister woke up crying for a bottle, he was there, ready to give her a bottle of the breast milk that I pumped every day so that he and his dad could get to experience feeding her.

The first time I'd gotten to sleep through the night just two weeks ago, I'd woken up scared that something had happened to my newborn daughter since she hadn't made a sound during the night. When I'd gone into the nursery to find her asleep on Harris's chest and an empty bottle sitting on the little table beside the rocker, I'd had my first postpartum meltdown.

I'd gone back to bed, sobbing so hard that my entire body had hurt. I'd woken Devlin up from my crying and he'd been at a loss at how to deal with me. I hadn't been sad or hurting, just so overwhelmingly happy at seeing my stepson taking such gentle care of his tiny baby sister. After I'd calmed down enough that I was able to explain that to Dev, he'd rocked me to sleep in his arms. How could anyone be as happy as I was now and not implode from it?

It was hard for me to remember that at this time the year before, I'd been miserable and hating Devlin Cutter. Now I was so happy I couldn't even remember how much pain I'd been in after finding out about that stupid bet.

"What time is it?" I asked as I started cleaning up the storage boxes all of our ornaments had been in, plus the cardboard boxes that had held the new ones I'd ordered for this year.

"Just after six." Harris stood and started helping me. When I would have lifted a particularly heavy box, he pushed me aside. "You look dusty. Go shower. Dad won't be home for at least another forty-five minutes. I'll clean up and listen for the baby."

"You're a good stepson. I think I might keep you around after all." I hugged him tight before rushing upstairs to shower.

Upstairs, I showered and washed my hair. It had grown out faster than I ever would have expected thanks to the prenatal vitamins that I'd taken during my pregnancy. It was now down to the tops of my shoulders and I was determined to never cut it off again.

Once I was clean, I got out and dried off then stepped into the red dress that I'd laid out on the bed earlier in the day. Tonight we were going to a Christmas party over at Emmie and Nik's house. All of the Demons were going to be there since Drake and Lana were spending the holidays on the West Coast this year. All of the OtherWorld guys were also joining us as well as a few of the Alchemy and Trance band members. Even Linc was staying a few weeks with Harper and Shane.

It was going to be a good night, and I was looking forward to seeing everyone. After the shit that this past year had thrown at some of my family, we needed this night to help us all realize that we were lucky to have each other.

I was just putting the finishing touches on my makeup when I heard Devlin's deep voice outside our bedroom door. I hurried to put on my lipstick and then almost sprinted across the room to open the door and throw myself into his arms. Those arms wrapped around me and lifted me off the floor, already kissing the lipstick off my lips before I could even tell him hi.

For the last six weeks, OtherWorld had been in the studio recording a new album. They had some amazing songs that they had all had a hand in creating. Thankfully, however, we wouldn't be going out on tour anytime soon with the new material. After the summer tour, I was pretty sure that we were all toured-out for at least a year.

My back hit the mattress and I had enough sense not to start tearing his clothes off. I still had a few more weeks to go before getting the all clear from my doctor. It wasn't easy to sexually deprive myself of my delicious husband, but it was something we both had to deal with for a little longer. As soon as the doctor gave me the green light though, I was going to jump his bones and we weren't coming up for air until I was unable to walk straight.

With a groan, Devlin rolled onto his back, taking me with him. I fell against his chest, struggling to get my breathing under control. "You're killing me, Nat."

I lifted my head only to burst out giggling when I saw that my lipstick was all over his face. "That's a good color on you."

"I don't know why you wear that shit anyway," he complained. "You don't need it."

"I wear it to feel pretty." I kissed him again before climbing off of him and going into the bathroom to fix my makeup. When I saw just how much damage I'd caused from our kisses, I sighed and reached for a makeup remover cloth. I'd have to start all over again.

"The tree looks beautiful," Devlin murmured as he came into the bathroom. He pulled his shirt over his head before reaching into the shower and turning on the water. When he turned back, his eyes were bright with a happiness that had been there for the majority of the last six months. There had been a hiccup here and there that had made that brightness dim along the way, of course, but for the majority we had been blessed.

I tossed the makeup remover wipe in the trash and turned to ogle him as he started to unfasten his jeans. "Harris helped," I told him.

"What about Trinity?" Devlin asked, his eyes lighting up with the thoughts of our daughter. "Did she help?"

From the day we found out we were having a daughter, Devlin started freaking out. I'd wondered if all dads flipped their lid at the idea of having a little girl to watch over for the rest of their lives, or if it was just my crazy husband. Did men really threaten to put up bars on the nursery's windows? Lana and Emmie had assured me that it was a dad thing. I was just glad there had been no talk of buying a gun, although he and Harris had been looking at scary knives for a few days after we'd first found out that the baby was a girl.

"She spit up on the stockings. Does that count?" I grinned.

"It counts," he assured me and then my mind went completely blank as I watched his jeans fall to his feet and he stepped out of them.

Fuck, why did he have to be so sexy when I couldn't even have a little taste? "You're an evil man, Devlin Cutter."

He rubbed his hand over his bare chest as he walked toward me in nothing but his boxers. They didn't hide the impressive outline of his hard cock. "I've been thinking..."

"Yeah?" I murmured, licking my lips as I watched him come closer. Would it be so bad if I dropped to my knees and started sucking his cock? I'd been dying to do that but he'd stopped me every time I'd tried. If I couldn't have it then he didn't want it either. We would both have to wait until the doctor lifted the sex ban.

"What if we went away for a few days once the doctor has given the all clear?"

I lifted a brow. That question had really not been what I'd been expecting him to say. "Define 'we', Dev."

"Me and you. Just for two nights at the most." I opened my mouth to answer him but he rushed forward, thinking that I was going to automatically veto his plans. "I know that you don't like to leave Trinity, but I want to take you on a mini honeymoon since we weren't able to have one after we first got married."

My mouth snapped closed and I lowered my eye so that he wouldn't see the emotions swirling around in them. My mother hadn't wanted me to marry Devlin. Even after telling her that I was pregnant she hadn't accepted that he was going to be a huge part of my future whether I married him or not. When she'd point blank told me she wouldn't come to any wedding I happened to have, I'd lost it and told her to go fuck herself. If she couldn't accept Devlin then I didn't want anything to do with her and her judgmental, uppity bitchiness.

So I'd convinced Devlin to elope with me. We'd flown straight to Vegas after the last concert on tour and gotten married at the same little church that Jesse and Layla had gotten married in. It had just been him and me. No other family. Not even Harris or Jenna. I'd been happy with the way we'd gotten married and that we didn't get to have a honeymoon because of all the shit that happened around the same time didn't bother me.

All that had mattered was that I'd been Mrs. Devlin Cutter and I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

Devlin caught hold of my chin and lifted my face so that I had no choice but to meet his gaze. "I only want two days with just me and you, Nat. Will you give me that?"

Blinking back tears, I nodded. "Yes, of course. Thank you for wanting to give me a honeymoon, babe." I lifted onto my tiptoes to brush my mouth with his. "But what are we going to do with Trinity?"

"Marissa and Wroth will stay here at the house and watch her. It will be good practice for them since they are talking about finally using Marissa's eggs that she had frozen." His big hands stroked up and down my spine through my red dress, making my entire body hum with sexual energy that had nowhere to go anytime soon.

"Where are you taking me?" I asked, rubbing myself against him like a cat wanting to be petted.

He kissed the tip of my nose. "Nowhere too far away. I don't want to waste our two nights away from Trinity by having to travel. I was thinking we could go upstate and rent a cabin. We can cuddle up in front of a fireplace and drink hot cocoa. Maybe roast a few marshmallows. Or make love on some cheesy bearskin rug." He winked and stepped back. "Sound like a good idea?"

"I love you," was my only answer as I followed after him and he stepped into the now steaming shower. The only thing keeping me from immediately following him inside the stall was the fact that I was wearing the only dress I had for tonight's Christmas party. I bit my lip, wondering if I wanted to risk arriving obscenely late if I took off my dress and climbed in with my husband to wash his back.

Of course that meant that I would have to redo my hair and everything else...

The decision was taken out of my hands when I heard Harris come into the bedroom with a crying Trinity in his arms. "She's hungry, Nat," he called out and I decided to forgo reapplying my makeup so that I could hurry and feed her. I still needed to get her ready once she'd been feed.

It was over an hour later before we pulled into the driveway of Emmie's six-bedroom beach house. We weren't the last to arrive but we definitely weren't the first. Devlin helped me out of the front passenger seat while Harris took his sister and her car seat from the back of our tank-like SUV.

As we stood on the doorstep, I didn't immediately reach out to ring the doorbell. Instead I took a moment to take in my small, perfect family. My husband in his ripped jeans and dress shirt and sports jacket, with his long hair pulled back into a man bun was probably the sexiest thing I'd ever seen.

I forced my gaze not to linger on him so I turned my attention to my stepson. If you saw Harris right then with her you probably would have thought she belonged to him. Trinity looked more like Devlin and Harris than she did me, but even now there was no mistaking whose eyes she was going to end up with. The blue-gray depths of my daughter's eyes were possibly the only thing she would ever inherit from me when it came to looks.

"What's wrong?" Devlin asked, looking concerned when he noticed I hadn't rung the doorbell yet. "Are you okay? We don't have to stay if you aren't up to it."

I shook my head as I blinked back the tears that were trying to spill from my eyes. "No. I'm fine. Just taking a moment to savor how perfect this Christmas already is."

"Ah, baby." Devlin bent and brushed his lips across mine. "I love you, Nat."

"I love her too, but do you think we could move this precious little scene inside?" Harris asked. "It's cold and Trinity should be inside where it's warm."

"You're a good brother, Harris," I told him, pulling him against me and his father so that we were standing in a group hug. "I love you, buddy." I kissed his cheek. "This is going to be the best Christmas ever."

